My attitude to writing is like when you do wallpapering, you remember where all the little bits are that don't meet. And then your friends say: It's terrific!;Harrison Birtwistle;attitude
Liberalism is a really old British tradition and it has a completely different attitude towards the individual and the relationship between the individual and the state than the collectivist response of Labour, and particularly Old Labour, does.;Nick Clegg;attitude
I've always had a 'Work hard, play hard' attitude to life - I still do - but sometimes you get involved in something that needs a calm, methodical approach.;Damian Lewis;attitude
I've always considered myself to be fiercely patriotic. I love Britain - its history and the down-to-earth attitude people have.;Gary Numan;attitude
There is a brief moment when all there is in a man's mind and soul and spirit is reflected through his eyes, his hands, his attitude. This is the moment to record.;Yousuf Karsh;attitude
I was fortunate to play for Pete Rose and have teammates like Ken Griffey Sr., Tony Perez and Dave Concepcion. I grew up in the game with a mature attitude. I've always known it was better to be seen and not heard.;Eric Davis;attitude
I've never been out with any of the cast of Coronation Street. We're all very close friends so it's very much a professional attitude.;Richard Fleeshman;attitude
Nothing. We're all friends and friendly. So when the cameras go down, depending on the mood or the nature of the material we're dealing with, there's usually a kind of a prevailing light attitude that's floating around.;Richard Dean Anderson;attitude
I will keep smiling, be positive and never give up! I will give 100 percent each time I play. These are always my goals and my attitude.;Yani Tseng;attitude
I'm taking a bit of a wait-and-see attitude towards 3D.;Christopher Nolan;attitude
My father instilled in me the attitude of prevailing. If there's a challenge, go for it. If there's a wall to break down, break it down.;Donny Osmond;attitude
Just as the left has to be more willing to question 'Government knows best,' the right has to rethink its laissez-faire attitude toward government.;Jack Kemp;attitude
The attitude of insolent haughtiness is characteristic of the relationships Americans form with what is alien to them, with others.;Jose Saramago;attitude
Although as a sailor I despised politics - for I loved my sailor's life and still love it today - conditions forced me to take up a definite attitude towards political problems.;Fritz Sauckel;attitude
How do you nurture a positive attitude when all the statistics say you're a dead man? You go to work.;Patrick Swayze;attitude
The pilot looked at his cues of attitude and speed and orientation and so on and responded as he would from the same cues in an airplane, but there was no way it flew the same. The simulators had showed us that.;Alan Shepard;attitude
It was my father who instilled the 'never say no' attitude I carry around with me today, and who instilled in me a sense of wonder, always taking us on adventures in the car, never telling us the destination.;Marlee Matlin;attitude
I went to England in the '70s, and I was in my early 20s. There was still a residue of that era of being an underclass or colonial. I assume it must have been a more aggressive and prominent attitude 40 years before that, because Australia internationally wasn't regarded as having much cultural value. We were a country full of sheep and convicts.;Geoffrey Rush;attitude
For a writer only one form of patriotism exists: his attitude toward language.;Joseph Brodsky;attitude
Gardening is not trivial. If you believe that it is, closely examine why you feel that way. You may discover that this attitude has been forced upon you by mass media and the crass culture it creates and maintains. The fact is, gardening is just the opposite - it is, or should be, a central, basic expression of human life.;Andrew Weil;attitude
Becoming an author changes your attitude too. Once you see where books come from, and how they're made, they never seem quite as sacred again.;Lev Grossman;attitude
I was bringing my attitude as a regular person 'cause this is my attitude.;Glenn Danzig;attitude
If you can attribute your success entirely to your own mental effort, to your own attitude, to some spiritual essence that you have that is better than other people's, then that must feel pretty good.;Barbara Ehrenreich;attitude
I fell in love with Erica Kane the summer before my freshman year of high school. Like all red-blooded teen American boys, I'd come home from water polo practice and eat a box of Entenmann's Pop'Ems donut holes in front of the TV while obsessively fawning over 'All My Children' and Erica, her clothes, and her narcissistic attitude.;Andy Cohen;attitude
Films for TV have to be much closer to the book, mainly because the objective with a TV movie that translates literature is to get the audience, after seeing this version, to pick up the book and read it themselves. My attitude is that TV can never really be any form of art, because it serves audience expectations.;Michael Haneke;attitude
You can't beat the beehive for glam punkette attitude.;Rob Sheffield;attitude
I haven't seen Clones, which has been during this period when I haven't seen much of anything, but I did see Phantom Menace, and see my feelings about it - see, first of all, I think that when you make a lot of movies, your attitude about the movies changes.;Lawrence Kasdan;attitude
My attitude is always one of sensuality, aggressive enthusiasm and a kind of outrageousness in my expression.;Sally Kirkland;attitude
Epic poetry exhibits life in some great symbolic attitude. It cannot strictly be said to symbolize life itself, but always some manner of life.;Lascelles Abercrombie;attitude
When you retire, it's a place in life, a part of the journey. You just don't quit work you develop an attitude where you can do what you please.;Tom T. Hall;attitude
When a parent shows up with an attitude of entitlement, understand that under it is a boatload of anxiety.;Robert Evans;attitude
What reader wants to be told what attitude to strike?;Ian Mcewan;attitude
My denial and irresponsible attitude about asthma put me at great risk and caused me so much needless suffering. My hope is that the kids I talk to learn to open up about their asthma, become educated about their condition, and seek help.;Jackie Joyner-Kersee;attitude
Woman must have her freedom, the fundamental freedom of choosing whether or not she will be a mother and how many children she will have. Regardless of what man's attitude may be, that problem is hers - and before it can be his, it is hers alone.;Margaret Sanger;attitude
Even as a little child, I've always had that comedian kind of attitude.;Etta James;attitude
I mean, the shoe - there is a music to it, there is attitude, there is sound, it's a movement. Clothes - it's a different story. There are a million things I'd rather do before designing clothes: directing, landscaping.;Christian Louboutin;attitude
In just the same way the thousands of successive positions of a runner are contracted into one sole symbolic attitude, which our eye perceives, which art reproduces, and which becomes for everyone the image of a man who runs.;Henri Bergson;attitude
In the late '70s, maybe just before I started, there was still an attitude that if you did film you didn't do TV and vice versa, but that's gone now.;Robert Carlyle;attitude
I cannot say that the attitude of the United Nations always is for the Israeli attitude. Israel, I think, has been under severe attacks by members of the United Nations many times.;Ariel Sharon;attitude
I love her attitude, but as much as I'd like to bring my medals to a speech or appearance, I never do.;Mary Lou Retton;attitude
We must advertise to U.S. business that we are there, that our attitude has changed, and that we care. When we are asked to help, we have to perform and provide the right advice.;Lawrence Eagleburger;attitude
The American attitude towards efficiency and execution should always underlie architecture.;Helmut Jahn;attitude
I have such an extreme attitude about work, where I can just completely be derelict of my responsibilities and then when I am not derelict, I am completely indulged in it. I swing pretty wildly from the two extremes.;Geddy Lee;attitude
I have a political attitude, but I'm certainly not a politician.;Kgalema Motlanthe;attitude
I think my attitude to human beings has changed since leaving prison.;Jeffrey Archer;attitude
I went to the Performing Arts School and studied classical ballet. That attitude is something that's put into your head. You are never thin enough.;Carmen Electra;attitude
I have always detested any departure from reality, an attitude which I relate to my mother's poor mental health.;Jean Piaget;attitude
With just about every player in Australia, his whole goal and ambition is to play for Australia. That's why they're playing first class cricket. It's just a different attitude.;Shane Warne;attitude
Right after 'Raymond' I had a world-is-my-oyster attitude, but I found out I don't like oysters. I had this existential emptiness. 'What is my purpose? Who am I?' I had a big identity crisis.;Ray Romano;attitude
What sculptors do is represent the essence of gesture. What is important in mime is attitude.;Marcel Marceau;attitude
It really was hand-to-mouth and you can say, 'Poor little me, how dreadful, what a deprived childhood', but I didn't feel that way at all. It's all about the attitude at home.;Carol Vorderman;attitude
Having a clear faith, based on the creed of the church is often labeled today as fundamentalism. Whereas relativism, which is letting oneself be tossed and swept along by every wind of teaching, look like the only attitude acceptable to today's standards.;Joseph Ratzinger;attitude
You know what's funny to me? Attitude.;Don Rickles;attitude
The characteristic political attitude of today is not one of positive belief, but of despair.;Herbert Read;attitude
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude.;Charles Revson;attitude
Mainly what I learned from Buddy... was an attitude. He loved music, and he taught me that it shouldn't have any barriers to it.;Waylon Jennings;attitude
I think fun is an important part of the entertainment industry, and it should be. Anybody who's not incorporating some of that into their work needs to take a break, go away, and have an attitude adjustment.;Diane Lane;attitude
I have played on many teams throughout my career, and I know when a team has the tools, and the right positive attitude towards winning.;Boomer Esiason;attitude
Vampires are so old that they don't need to impress anyone anymore. They're comfortable in their own skin. It's this enigmatic strength that's very romantic and old-fashioned. I think it goes back to something of a Victorian attitude of finding a strong man who's going to look after his woman.;Stephen Moyer;attitude
What I wish I had, is that I wish I was a little more Greek, in that I wish I could lose my North American driven attitude and that I could be a little bit more poetic and laissez faire.;Nia Vardalos;attitude
I was always the guy getting kicked out of my classes at school for having an attitude problem.;Chevy Chase;attitude
And I tell you, having girls has made me a much better man. I have friends who are fathers, but they only have boys, and they have the same attitude toward women they always had, you know? And I don't play that... My girls, you mess with them? I will bury you underground.;Mark Wahlberg;attitude
Style is a reflection of your attitude and your personality.;Shawn Ashmore;attitude
If a person can be said to have the wrong attitude, there is no need to pay attention to his arguments.;John McCarthy;attitude
The attitude is we live and let live. This is actually an amazing change in values in a rather short time and it's an example of freedom from religion.;Tom Wolfe;attitude
Not to discriminate every moment some passionate attitude in those about us, and in the very brilliancy of their gifts some tragic dividing on their ways, is, on this short day of frost and sun, to sleep before evening.;Walter Pater;attitude
Players should know that if you can't make the contribution of the winning shot, that your attitude every day when you come to practice, or the positive contribution you make through cheering and keeping up team morale, is just as important in the overall picture.;Sue Wicks;attitude
It's not the style that motivates me, as much as an attitude of openness that I have when I go into a project.;Herbie Hancock;attitude
The place of chess in the society is closely related to the attitude of young people towards our game.;Boris Spassky;attitude
We assume that we've come so far as compassionate citizens of the world if we do choose to read the news, yet the attitude towards life can be one where we put blinders on and forget that there are civil wars going on. It's easy to forget that there are so many people starving to death every single day.;Anne Hathaway;attitude
The jokes are great but what really matters for a comedian is his performance, his whole attitude, and the laughs that he gets between the jokes rather than on top of the jokes.;Jack Dee;attitude
There were a few teachers who just did not like me because of my face. Once, I was told to stand in the corner until I cheered up. The attitude was, 'Oh, for God's sake, what's the matter with him?' But it's just a natural expression.;Jack Dee;attitude
I'm just part of a tradition of people who aren't pleased. I would never think anyone else who has the same attitude was getting it from me. I'd just think they're... sensible.;Jack Dee;attitude
The key to life is your attitude. Whether you're single or married or have kids or don't have kids, it's how you look at your life, what you make of it. It's about making the best of your life wherever you are in life.;Candace Bushnell;attitude
If you get a diagnosis, get on a therapy, keep a good attitude and keep your sense of humor.;Teri Garr;attitude
When a woman puts on a heel, she has a different posture, a different attitude. She really stands up and has a consciousness of her body.;Christian Louboutin;attitude
Whenever I'm having a bad day and have an attitude, I stay home. I keep it at home.;Michael Clarke Duncan;attitude
You don't have to have an attitude if you're famous.;Adriana Lima;attitude
I need that aggressive attitude to play my music and more men have that attitude than women.;Lita Ford;attitude
But Jesus changes your attitude towards yourself and towards other people.;Cliff Richard;attitude
But I think bands that rolled in with a big attitude, like they were some big deal, I just found that very strange.;Rob Zombie;attitude
What irritates me is the bland way people go around saying, 'Oh, our attitude has changed. We don't dislike these people any more.' But by the strangest coincidence, they haven't taken away the injustice the laws are still on the books.;Christopher Isherwood;attitude
There is definitely something sexy about a girl with an attitude and a pair of leather pants.;Eliza Dushku;attitude
The phenomenon of home schooling is a wonderful example of the American can-do attitude. Growing numbers of parents have become disenchanted with government-run public schools. Many parents have simply taken matters into their own hands, literally.;Steve Forbes;attitude
Regardless of what one's attitude towards prohibition may be, temperance is something against which, at a time of war, no reasonable protest can be made.;William Lyon Mackenzie King;attitude
At home in Ireland, there's a habit of avoidance, an ironical attitude towards the authority figure.;Seamus Heaney;attitude
Even if people do wrong, we're social animals, so what can we do about stopping them doing the same things in future? Saying people are 'bad' or 'evil' is just an unwillingness to engage an unwillingness to try to empathise. That sanctimonious attitude doesn't help anyone.;Denise Mina;attitude
People have often asked if I'm gay because I don't go out of my way to spit and scratch and give people attitude.;Jason Bateman;attitude
I don't return anybody's calls unless it's going to mean extra money for me. And I've completely cut off all relationships with any friends that I had before the show. And I've copped an attitude.;Mike Judge;attitude
A positive attitude is something everyone can work on, and everyone can learn how to employ it.;Joan Lunden;attitude
My feelings about my mortality are less selfish than they used to be. I used to affect a cavalier attitude to death now I see it from my son's perspective.;Rufus Sewell;attitude
The U.S. tries to provide immigrants who grow up here with a world-class education and imbue them with the can-do attitude that has long defined American innovation.;Gary Locke;attitude
The attitude of independence toward a constructed language which all national speakers must adopt is really a great advantage, because it tends to make man see himself as the master of language instead of its obedient servant.;Edward Sapir;attitude
I feel like I have as good a shot as anybody out there and I have gotten close in the past, so why not have the attitude that I can come out and play great tennis and maybe even win this tournament.;Michael Chang;attitude
Art is the child of Nature yes, her darling child, in whom we trace the features of the mother's face, her aspect and her attitude.;Beck;attitude
I just think that people take me a little more seriously as a brunette. I don't know if that's just because of a societal preconceived notion that all blondes are stupid, but it's a different kind of attitude.;Kate Bosworth;attitude
I came back to performing with a different attitude about performing and myself. I wasn't expecting perfection any more, just hoping for an occasional inspiration.;Neil Diamond;attitude
The purely agitation attitude is not good enough for a detailed consideration of a subject.;Michael Korda;attitude
Animals have a much better attitude to life and death than we do. They know when their time has come. We are the ones that suffer when they pass, but it's a healing kind of grief that enables us to deal with other griefs that are not so easy to grab hold of.;Emmylou Harris;attitude
