People of Berlin - people of the world - this is our moment. This is our time.;Barack Obama;time
We've persevered because of a belief we share with the Iraqi people - a belief that out of the ashes of war, a new beginning could be born in this cradle of civilization. Through this remarkable chapter in the history of the United States and Iraq, we have met our responsibility. Now, it's time to turn the page.;Barack Obama;time
We all knew this. We all knew that it would take more time than any of us want to dig ourselves out of this hole created by this economic crisis.;Barack Obama;time
Time, which alone makes the reputation of men, ends by making their defects respectable.;Voltaire;time
One-fifth of the people are against everything all the time.;Robert Kennedy;time
Some people think that the truth can be hidden with a little cover-up and decoration. But as time goes by, what is true is revealed, and what is fake fades away.;Ismail Haniyeh;time
It may be true that you can't fool all the people all the time, but you can fool enough of them to rule a large country.;Will Durant;time
To keep your character intact you cannot stoop to filthy acts. It makes it easier to stoop the next time.;Katharine Hepburn;time
I find it strange the way human nature wants heroes and yet wants to destroy their heroes. It's a kind of mass insecurity people want something to look up to and get a buzz off but, at the same time, want to destroy it because it makes them feel insecure.;Danielle Dax;time
He who is too busy doing good finds no time to be good.;Rabindranath Tagore;time
Onion rings in the car cushions do not improve with time.;Erma Bombeck;time
Every time I see an adult on a bicycle, I no longer despair for the future of the human race.;H. G. Wells;time
I remember the time I was kidnapped and they sent a piece of my finger to my father. He said he wanted more proof.;Rodney Dangerfield;time
Death is a commingling of eternity with time in the death of a good man, eternity is seen looking through time.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;time
Everything that goes up must come down. But there comes a time when not everything that's down can come up.;George Burns;time
I don't like food that's too carefully arranged it makes me think that the chef is spending too much time arranging and not enough time cooking. If I wanted a picture I'd buy a painting.;Andy Rooney;time
There comes a time in the affairs of man when he must take the bull by the tail and face the situation.;W. C. Fields;time
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass anyway we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use.;Earl Nightingale;time
In this country it is a good thing to kill an admiral from time to time to encourage the others.;Voltaire;time
I don't feel old. I don't feel anything till noon. That's when it's time for my nap.;Bob Hope;time
This is a fantastic time to be entering the business world, because business is going to change more in the next 10 years than it has in the last 50.;Bill Gates;time
I believe that all government is evil, and that trying to improve it is largely a waste of time.;H. L. Mencken;time
I put instant coffee in a microwave oven and almost went back in time.;Steven Wright;time
Devote each day to the object then in time and every evening will find something done.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;time
Perfection is attained by slow degrees it requires the hand of time.;Voltaire;time
Americans are in a cycle of fear which leads to people not wanting to spend and not wanting to make investments, and that leads to more fear. We'll break out of it. It takes time.;Warren Buffett;time
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf.;Rabindranath Tagore;time
There are necessary evils. Money is an important thing in terms of representing freedom in our world. And now I have a daughter to think about. It's really the first time I've thought about the future and what it could be.;Johnny Depp;time
I like Mitt Romney as a person. I think he's a dignified person. But I have no common ground on economics. He doesn't worry about the Federal Reserve. He doesn't worry about foreign policy. He doesn't talk about civil liberties, so I would have a hard time to expect him to ever invite me to campaign with him.;Ron Paul;time
Another thing that freaks me out is time. Time is like a book. You have a beginning, a middle and an end. It's just a cycle.;Mike Tyson;time
And I think it's that time. And I think if you just step aside and Mr. Romney can kind of take over. You can maybe still use a plane. Though maybe a smaller one. Not that big gas guzzler you are going around to colleges and talking about student loans and stuff like that.;Clint Eastwood;time
When my time on earth is gone, and my activities here are passed, I want they bury me upside down, and my critics can kiss my ass!;Bobby Knight;time
Faith is deliberate confidence in the character of God whose ways you may not understand at the time.;Oswald Chambers;time
There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony. There is time for work. And time for love. That leaves no other time!;Coco Chanel;time
Art is always and everywhere the secret confession, and at the same time the immortal movement of its time.;Karl Marx;time
I found golf was too time consuming, but I did enjoy it.;John Wooden;time
Many people die with their music still in them. Why is this so? Too often it is because they are always getting ready to live. Before they know it, time runs out.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;time
We have what we seek, it is there all the time, and if we give it time, it will make itself known to us.;Thomas Merton;time
You must become an old man in good time if you wish to be an old man long.;Marcus Aurelius;time
The only time my prayers are never answered is on the golf course.;Billy Graham;time
Whatever the universal nature assigns to any man at any time is for the good of that man at that time.;Marcus Aurelius;time
The wise man should restrain his senses like the crane and accomplish his purpose with due knowledge of his place, time and ability.;Chanakya;time
There is not enough time to do all the nothing we want to do.;Bill Watterson;time
One always has time enough, if one will apply it well.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;time
We always have time enough, if we will but use it aright.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;time
I rememeber one time we were getting ready to go to South America and everything was packed up and in the car ready to go and I hid and I was crying because I really did not want to go, I wanted to play. I did not want to go.;Michael Jackson;time
I like to spend time in the past, with the things that have been important to me.;John Wooden;time
Every study on crime and or firearms proves time and time again, that 99.99999% of American gun owners do not commit crimes or use our firearms in any dangerous or improper way.;Ted Nugent;time
I had no idea of the character. But the moment I was dressed, the clothes and the make-up made me feel the person he was. I began to know him, and by the time I walked onto the stage he was fully born.;Charlie Chaplin;time
It's good to experience Hollywood in short bursts, I guess. Little snippets. I don't think I can handle being here all the time, it's pretty nutty.;Johnny Depp;time
I spend a lot of time reading.;Bill Gates;time
You know, people talk about this being an uncertain time. You know, all time is uncertain. I mean, it was uncertain back in - in 2007, we just didn't know it was uncertain. It was - uncertain on September 10th, 2001. It was uncertain on October 18th, 1987, you just didn't know it.;Warren Buffett;time
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable.;Sydney J. Harris;time
Well, especially now I come to realize - and then - I would do my schooling which was three hours with a tutor and right after that I would go to the recording studio and record, and I'd record for hours and hours until it's time to go to sleep.;Michael Jackson;time
He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils for time is the greatest innovator.;Francis Bacon;time
It is past time for women to take their rightful place, side by side with men, in the rooms where the fates of peoples, where their children's and grandchildren's fates, are decided.;Hillary Clinton;time
Time is the friend of the wonderful company, the enemy of the mediocre.;Warren Buffett;time
Whether you like it or not, you're forced to come to the realisation that death is out there. But I don't fear death, I'm a fatalist. I believe when it's your time, that's it. It's the hand you're dealt.;Clint Eastwood;time
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.;Calvin Coolidge;time
Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away.;Elvis Presley;time
Winning is great, sure, but if you are really going to do something in life, the secret is learning how to lose. Nobody goes undefeated all the time. If you can pick up after a crushing defeat, and go on to win again, you are going to be a champion someday.;Wilma Rudolph;time
I never could have done what I have done without the habits of punctuality, order, and diligence, without the determination to concentrate myself on one subject at a time.;Charles Dickens;time
Men have a much better time of it than women. For one thing, they marry later for another thing, they die earlier.;H. L. Mencken;time
The greatest achievement was at first and for a time a dream. The oak sleeps in the acorn, the bird waits in the egg, and in the highest vision of the soul a waking angel stirs. Dreams are the seedlings of realities.;James Allen;time
Life is short and we have never too much time for gladdening the hearts of those who are travelling the dark journey with us. Oh be swift to love, make haste to be kind.;Henri Frederic Amiel;time
It pays to know the enemy - not least because at some time you may have the opportunity to turn him into a friend.;Margaret Thatcher;time
In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes so with present time.;Leonardo da Vinci;time
Words, words, words! They shut one off from the universe. Three quarters of the time one's never in contact with things, only with the beastly words that stand for them.;Aldous Huxley;time
Every time there's a revolution, it comes from somebody reading a book about revolution. David Walker wrote a book and Nat Turner did his thing.;Mike Tyson;time
Short as life is, we make it still shorter by the careless waste of time.;Victor Hugo;time
Prejudice is a great time saver. You can form opinions without having to get the facts.;E. B. White;time
It takes a long time to become young.;Pablo Picasso;time
Mr. President, you were elected to lead. You chose to follow. And now it's time for you to get out of the way.;Mitt Romney;time
A bad man is the sort who weeps every time he speaks of a good woman.;H. L. Mencken;time
Lives of great men all remind us, we can make our lives sublime, and, departing, leave behind us, footprints on the sands of time.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;time
It is time to get drunk! So as not to be the martyred slaves of Time, get drunk get drunk without stopping! On wine, on poetry, or on virtue, as you wish.;Charles Baudelaire;time
There is one kind of robber whom the law does not strike at, and who steals what is most precious to men: time.;Napoleon Bonaparte;time
I learned that we can do anything, but we can't do everything... at least not at the same time. So think of your priorities not in terms of what activities you do, but when you do them. Timing is everything.;Dan Millman;time
Our dilemma is that we hate change and love it at the same time what we really want is for things to remain the same but get better.;Sydney J. Harris;time
Not managing your time and making excuses are two bad habits. Don't put them both together by claiming you 'don't have the time'.;Bo Bennett;time
Instead of leading the world by how much we borrow, it's time that we make sure we lead the world in how much we build and create and invest.;Mitt Romney;time
I went to Massachusetts to make a difference. I didn't go there to begin a political career running time and time again. I made a difference. I put in place the things I wanted to do.;Mitt Romney;time
It's time for the party of big ideas, not the party of Big Brother!;Mitt Romney;time
Culture, what you believe, what you value, how you live matters. Now, as fundamental as these principles are, they may become topics of democratic debates from time to time, so it is today with the enduring institution of marriage. Marriage is a relationship between a man and a woman.;Mitt Romney;time
When one makes a Revolution, one cannot mark time one must always go forward - or go back. He who now talks about the 'freedom of the press' goes backward, and halts our headlong course towards Socialism.;Vladimir Lenin;time
Ten percent of the big fish still remain. There are still some blue whales. There are still some krill in Antarctica. There are a few oysters in Chesapeake Bay. Half the coral reefs are still in pretty good shape, a jeweled belt around the middle of the planet. There's still time, but not a lot, to turn things around.;Sylvia Earle;time
In time it will become clear to everyone that support for the policies of pre-emptive war and interventionist nation-building will have much greater significance than the removal of Saddam Hussein itself.;Ron Paul;time
If you stand up and be counted, from time to time you may get yourself knocked down. But remember this: A man flattened by an opponent can get up again. A man flattened by conformity stays down for good.;Thomas J. Watson;time
Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time.;Steven Wright;time
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.;Napoleon Bonaparte;time
The trouble with life is that there are so many beautiful women and so little time.;John Barrymore;time
Many a trip continues long after movement in time and space have ceased.;John Steinbeck;time
I've made an odd discovery. Every time I talk to a savant I feel quite sure that happiness is no longer a possibility. Yet when I talk with my gardener, I'm convinced of the opposite.;Bertrand Russell;time
Everybody thinks making films back to back is a big deal but they did it all the time in the old days.;Clint Eastwood;time
I keep working because I learn something new all the time.;Clint Eastwood;time
People love westerns worldwide. There's something fantasy-like about an individual fighting the elements. Or even bad guys and the elements. It's a simpler time. There's no organized laws and stuff.;Clint Eastwood;time
You know, my dad served in the President's Cabinet after his time as a governor. He told me he enjoyed being governor a lot more. Now, I understand why. If I do my job well, I can make a difference in people's lives and I can help our children realize their dreams.;Mitt Romney;time
The Cuban people still live in constant fear of a brutal totalitarian regime that has demonstrated time and again its utter disregard for basic human dignity. The fight for a free Cuba has gone on for far too long.;Mitt Romney;time
What does it say about a president's policies when he has to use a cartoon character rather than real people to justify his record? What does it say about the fiction of old liberalism to insist that good jobs and good schools and good wages will result from policies that have failed us, time and again?;Mitt Romney;time
