Nobody likes, you know, the ugly parts of politics.;Barbara Bush;politics
At present, our country needs women's idealism and determination, perhaps more in politics than anywhere else.;Shirley Chisholm;politics
Politics and war are remarkably similar situations.;Newt Gingrich;politics
No cause is left but the most ancient of all, the one, in fact, that from the beginning of our history has determined the very existence of politics, the cause of freedom versus tyranny.;Hannah Arendt;politics
African-Americans who might have disagreed with candidate Obama's left-of-center politics voted for him in 2008 because electing a candidate with brown skin was too historic an opportunity to miss.;Alveda King;politics
Adherents of the new religious right reject the separation of politics and religion, but they bring no spiritual insights to politics.;Christopher Lasch;politics
I voted for Barack because he was black. 'Cuz that's why other folks vote for other people - because they look like them... That's American politics, pure and simple.;Samuel L. Jackson;politics
I don't think you can work on feelings in politics, apart from anything else, political change can come very unexpectedly, sometimes overnight when you least expect it.;Aung San Suu Kyi;politics
I don't really like labels in politics, but I will gladly accept the label of conservatism.;Marco Rubio;politics
The secret of politics? Make a good treaty with Russia.;Otto von Bismarck;politics
A couple of weeks is a long time in American politics.;Peter Jennings;politics
I don't know why that is, but English politics is just so overly white. It's very much about the class structure.;Daniel Radcliffe;politics
It's an honor putting art above politics. Politics can be seductive in terms of things reductive to the soul.;Robert Redford;politics
I detest politics, to be honest with you. It's a cesspool. And I don't think I would fare well in that cesspool because I don't believe in political correctness and I certainly don't believe in dishonesty.;Benjamin Carson;politics
The enemy is not just terrorism. It is the threat posed specifically by Islamist terrorism, by Bin Ladin and others who draw on a long tradition of extreme intolerance within a minority strain of Islam that does not distinguish politics from religion, and distorts both.;John Cornyn;politics
I think that what went wrong with religion is the same thing that went wrong with politics. Is that it became too money based and too controlling. It's just a weakness that we human beings have for control - we want one thing and then we want more and then we want more.;Dave Davies;politics
You do the policy, I'll do the politics.;Dan Quayle;politics
Life is a corrupting process from the time a child learns to play his mother off against his father in the politics of when to go to bed he who fears corruption fears life.;Saul Alinsky;politics
It is impossible to practice parliamentary politics without having patience, decency, politeness and courtesy.;Khaleda Zia;politics
A dose of humility goes a long way in life and in politics.;Ron Fournier;politics
War is not the continuation of politics with different means, it is the greatest mass-crime perpetrated on the community of man.;Alfred Adler;politics
An Independent is someone who wants to take the politics out of politics.;Adlai E. Stevenson;politics
We mean by 'politics' the people's business - the most important business there is.;Adlai E. Stevenson;politics
Politics disgusts me.;Brigitte Bardot;politics
I never thought of politics as a profession.;Georgios A. Papandreou;politics
I have never regarded politics as the arena of morals. It is the arena of interest.;Aneurin Bevan;politics
I've rarely kept my distance from kind of - I don't know if we can call it politics, but kind of, civic engagement and that kind of thing, except I tended to think, 'Well, do it yourself before you start telling other people what they should be doing.';David Byrne;politics
Remember the first time you went to a show and saw your favorite band. You wore their shirt, and sang every word. You didn't know anything about scene politics, haircuts, or what was cool. All you knew was that this music made you feel different from anyone you shared a locker with. Someone finally understood you. This is what music is about.;Gerard Way;politics
I am an anarchist in politics and an impressionist in art as well as a symbolist in literature. Not that I understand what these terms mean, but I take them to be all merely synonyms of pessimist.;Henry Adams;politics
Is there in all the history of human folly a greater fool than a clergymen in politics?;Pat Robertson;politics
Anything's possible in politics.;Pat Robertson;politics
You have to take away some of tax breaks for the wealthy, and you have to cut back on some entitlements. Because, unless we do all of these things, it just doesn't work. And what's good theater and what's good politics isn't necessarily good economic policy.;Michael Bloomberg;politics
The hope of a new politics does not lie in formulating a left-wing reply to the right-it lies in rejecting conventional political categories.;Christopher Lasch;politics
Everybody in America is soft, and hates conflict. The cure for this, both in politics and social life, is the same - hardihood. Give them raw truth.;John Jay Chapman;politics
Democrats always like to brag that their guys are smarter than the opponents and Republicans always like to brag that their guys are more moral than the opponents. But if you're looking for morals in politics you're looking for bananas in the cheese department.;Harry Shearer;politics
In politics women type the letters, lick the stamps, distribute the pamphlets and get out the vote. Men get elected.;Clare Boothe Luce;politics
Never believe anything in politics until it has been officially denied.;Otto von Bismarck;politics
I know I'm not supposed to have any opinions about politics, because I'm famous.;Cher;politics
Politics is organized hatred, that is unity.;John Jay Chapman;politics
Finance is a gun. Politics is knowing when to pull the trigger.;Mario Puzo;politics
Well, Judy, I would hope in the new year, we could start thinking about politics not like it was the Super Bowl, where you always have to have one team that wins and the other team has to be a loser.;John Breaux;politics
You've got to watch the politics of AIDS. The politics of AIDS can work both for and against the victims of AIDS.;Bono;politics
Everything is politics.;Thomas Mann;politics
I think what's fascinating is how many people are playing in politics who maybe haven't played before.;Carly Fiorina;politics
War is the continuation of politics by other means.;Karl Von Clausewitz;politics
It's a big deal for me to say I'm over politics.;Shirley MacLaine;politics
Because politics rests on an irreducible measure of coercion, it can never become a perfect realm of perfect love and justice.;Christopher Lasch;politics
The first requirement of politics is not intellect or stamina but patience. Politics is a very long run game and the tortoise will usually beat the hare.;John Major;politics
I think politics is important. It's how we run our society. I think it should be natural to have an interest in the subject, and I almost don't understand why some people don't.;Chester Brown;politics
Here's a very good rule of thumb in politics: losing begets losing.;John Podhoretz;politics
This has always been the way of presidential politics. The president rises above the fray while his surrogates go on the attack. They throw the spears and fling the mud he sits upon the throne.;John Podhoretz;politics
Obama seemed poised to realign American politics after his stunning 2008 victory. But the economy remains worse than even the administration's worst-case scenarios, and the long legislative battles over health care reform, financial services reform and the national debt and deficit have taken their toll. Obama no longer looks invincible.;Dee Dee Myers;politics
Many individuals are doing what they can. But real success can only come if there is a change in our societies and in our economics and in our politics.;David Attenborough;politics
When I became leader, I made very clear I was not going to choose the easy life. I have always taken risks. I don't like comfort-zone politics.;Nick Clegg;politics
Politics is just show business for ugly people.;Jay Leno;politics
You can't ignore politics, no matter how much you'd like to.;Molly Ivins;politics
There is in fact no such thing as art for art's sake, art that stands above classes, art that is detached from or independent of politics. Proletarian literature and art are part of the whole proletarian revolutionary cause.;Mao Zedong;politics
Politics is war without bloodshed while war is politics with bloodshed.;Mao Zedong;politics
I honestly believe that there's an element in this country, in our politics, that does not want to see a businessman succeed at getting the nomination for the Republican party, and does not want me to succeed at becoming President of the United States of America.;Herman Cain;politics
One of the things that I think you see sometimes in politics is a certain degree of caution. It's usually advised by consultants who don't want to see you march to the end of a limb.;Elizabeth Edwards;politics
We discussed politics, but we also talked about the importance of hard work, personal responsibility, living within your means, keeping your word. Those lessons stay with you throughout your life.;Bob Ehrlich;politics
The world of politics is always twenty years behind the world of thought.;John Jay Chapman;politics
I think that politics could be a positive thing. My beef is that people focus on the personal aspect of a politician too much. They should focus on the results.;LL Cool J;politics
No science is immune to the infection of politics and the corruption of power.;Jacob Bronowski;politics
I'm not a politician and don't want any part of politics.;Calvin Klein;politics
Our politics are our deepest form of expression: they mirror our past experiences and reflect our dreams and aspirations for the future.;Paul Wellstone;politics
Politics is about the improvement of people's lives. It's about advancing the cause of peace and justice in our country and the world. Politics is about doing well for the people.;Paul Wellstone;politics
Politics is the art of the possible creativity is the art of the impossible.;Ben Okri;politics
Politics is repetition. It is not change. Change is something beyond what we call politics. Change is the essence politics is supposed to be the means to bring into being.;Kate Millett;politics
I think politics come out of psychology.;Bruce Springsteen;politics
The politics of partisanship and the resulting inaction and excuses have paralyzed decision-making, primarily at the federal level, and the big issues of the day are not being addressed, leaving our future in jeopardy.;Michael Bloomberg;politics
And you don't want to always write about politics just for the sake of writing about politics.;Billie Joe Armstrong;politics
The message that I gave on the - on the steps today was that you need to stand for those things that are right and empower the individual. Believe in the power of one person. Don't believe that you can't do it. Everybody wants - everybody wants a shot. That we can all agree on. Beyond that, it becomes politics. I'm not talking politics.;Glenn Beck;politics
I don't fancy myself a political commentator. I hate politics. I hate it.;Glenn Beck;politics
In government you carry each hope each disillusion. And in politics it's always about the next challenge.;Tony Blair;politics
You know, the media and politicians are always gonna be in a bit of tension with one another and probably most of the time that's healthy and indeed even creative. But it's where - it's really when news organisations are used as kind of instruments of politics that it gets tricky.;Tony Blair;politics
I never have been involved in politics.;Rick Warren;politics
I believe in the separation of church and state, but I do not believe in the separation of politics from religion.;Rick Warren;politics
You cannot mix sports with politics.;Jackie Chan;politics
The world we build tomorrow is born in the stories we tell our children today. Politics moves the pieces. Education changes the game.;Jonathan Sacks;politics
I don't follow politics much.;Vivienne Westwood;politics
If acknowledging that racial misgivings and misunderstandings are still a part of politics and life in America, I plead guilty.;Ron Fournier;politics
By nominating Chuck Hagel to be his Defense secretary, President Obama is putting forward an aloof contrarian who doesn't suffer fools - a striving politician who considers himself above politics.;Ron Fournier;politics
I've been leading newsrooms for a while now and it's been an honor serving as Editor in Chief of N.J., but I really think that my best shot at moving the needle in politics is by getting close to it - by reading, reporting, tweeting and writing.;Ron Fournier;politics
Politics exist in the boardroom, as well.;Carly Fiorina;politics
Politics is the womb in which war develops.;Karl Von Clausewitz;politics
I think things changed as a result of a certain perception of our politics. When we went through our zealous, self-righteous period it didn't exactly win us any friends.;Fred Frith;politics
Politics is not really my thing.;John Malkovich;politics
Flipping the dial through available radio stations there will blare out to any listener an array of broadcasts, 24/7, propagating Religious Right politics, along with what they deem to be 'old-time gospel preaching.' This is especially true of what comes over the airwaves in Bible Belt southern states.;Tony Campolo;politics
When times are tough, constant conflict may be good politics but in the real world, cooperation works better. After all, nobody's right all the time, and a broken clock is right twice a day.;William J. Clinton;politics
Politics is the conspiracy of the unproductive but organized against the productive but unorganized.;Joseph Sobran;politics
In politics people give you what they think you deserve and deny you what they think you want.;C. Northcote Parkinson;politics
These days politics, religion, media seem to get all mixed up. Television became the new religion a long time back and the media has taken over.;Van Morrison;politics
Politics isn't just a game of clashing parties and competing interests. The right reason is to challenge the status quo, to serve the common good, and to leave this nation better than we found it.;Sarah Palin;politics
Every two years the American politics industry fills the airwaves with the most virulent, scurrilous, wall-to-wall character assassination of nearly every political practitioner in the country - and then declares itself puzzled that America has lost trust in its politicians.;Charles Krauthammer;politics
As women have played an increasingly important role in politics, there is no question that they've brought a different perspective, focusing attention on a broader set of issues and building alliances with other women.;Dee Dee Myers;politics
It isn't fate but fecklessness that has shoved Sarah Palin to the sidelines of national politics. The real tragedy is that she's taken a lot of other serious Republican women with her.;Dee Dee Myers;politics
When I first started working in politics, as a junior aide on Walter Mondale's 1984 presidential campaign, it never occurred to me that I would one day work in the White House. There were plenty of women among the volunteers who stuffed envelopes and walked precincts. But there were fewer and fewer on each successive level of influence and access.;Dee Dee Myers;politics
After I left the White House, I kept a foothold in the business of American politics as a talk-show host, analyst, commentator, speechmaker, and occasional writer. I was no longer a practitioner, but I was still a partisan, a Democrat, a blue-stater through and through.;Dee Dee Myers;politics
