A society that has made 'nostalgia' a marketable commodity on the cultural exchange quickly repudiates the suggestion that life in the past was in any important way better than life today.;Christopher Lasch;society
What is especially important is addressing the question of how religion can be enforced through political means and what can be done to create a political environment that, on the one hand, acknowledges the role of religion in society, while on the other hand does not impose one religion on the populace at the expense of all others.;Tony Campolo;society
I'm an underdog person, so I align myself with those who seem to be not considered valuable in polite society.;Jessica Hagedorn;society
The devastating punch we took on September 11th still reverberates throughout American society.;Joe Biden;society
We must rekindle the fire of idealism in our society.;Joe Biden;society
The product of the artist has become less important than the fact of the artist. We wish to absorb this person. We wish to devour someone who has experienced the tragic. In our society this person is much more important than anything he might create.;David Mamet;society
We lament the speed of our society and the lack of depth and the nature of disposable information.;David Ogden Stiers;society
The imaginations which people have of one another are the solid facts of society.;Charles Horton Cooley;society
Sports are a microcosm of society.;Billie Jean King;society
What the Founding Fathers created in the Constitution is the most magnificent government on the face of the Earth, and the reason is this: because it was intended to preserve the American society and the American spirit, not to transform it or destroy it.;Mark Levin;society
Bankers - pillars of society who are going to hell if there is a God and He has been accurately quoted.;John Ralston Saul;society
Most people in this society who aren't actively mad are, at best, reformed or potential lunatics.;Susan Sontag;society
It is rather a problem of how to secure the best use of resources known to any of the members of society, for ends whose relative importance only those individuals know.;Friedrich August von Hayek;society
The paradox of education is precisely this that as one begins to become conscious one begins to examine the society in which he is being educated.;James Baldwin;society
One of the things I keep coming back to in my writing is that society doesn't work on this mirror principle, you don't have an exact replica on the left of what you have on the right. It just doesn't work that way.;Thomas Frank;society
We have become a society that can't self-correct, that can't address its obvious problems, that can't pull out of its nosedive. And so to our list of disasters let us add this fourth entry: we have entered an age of folly that - for all our Facebooking and the twittling tweedle-dee-tweets of the twitterati - we can't wake up from.;Thomas Frank;society
Yes, Democrats can prove that America pays more for health care than other countries yes, they have won the dispute that private health insurance is needlessly expensive. But what they've lost is the argument that we are a society.;Thomas Frank;society
Most of Roosevelt's innovations have been the law of the land for 70 years now, and yet we are still a free society free enough, that is, to allow tens of thousands of protesters to gather on the National Mall and to broadcast their slogans and speeches to the world via C-SPAN.;Thomas Frank;society
Psychotherapy theory turns it all on you: you are the one who is wrong. If a kid is having trouble or is discouraged, the problem is not just inside the kid it's also in the system, the society.;James Hillman;society
Genuine equality between the sexes can only be realized in the process of the socialist transformation of society as a whole.;Mao Zedong;society
When you understand your obligations to God then you can understand your obligations to society.;H. Rap Brown;society
I honestly don't know, but if America continues to refuse to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions, I see a bleak future not only for American society, but for the world as a whole. This is a global problem that is not going away, and the United States is an obstacle to solving it.;Peter Singer;society
I'm looking forward to the day when America will mature to the point that we are a color-blind society. I'm not so sure that in politics that will ever be reality, because politics has a way of separating us based on skin color.;J. C. Watts;society
It is time for the world, the hemisphere and the region to make sure that relevant institutions of civil society and relevant laws are embedded in the mechanisms of governance.;Baldwin Spencer;society
Government is force, pure and simple. There's no way to sugar-coat that. And because government is force, it will attract the worst elements of society - people who want to use government to avoid having to earn their living and to avoid having to persuade others to accept their ideas voluntarily.;Harry Browne;society
It is the mission of the next Conservative Government to build the Responsible Society.;William Hague;society
It's not fair that women look in the mirror and feel disgust because of what society has made them believe.;Jessica Simpson;society
Well, the first thing is that truth and power for me form an antithesis, an antagonism, which will hardly ever be resolved. I can define in fact, can simplify the history of human society, the evolution of human society, as a contest between power and freedom.;Wole Soyinka;society
I've been in and out of Wall Street since 1949, and I've never seen the type of animosity between government and Wall Street. And I'm not sure where it comes from, but I suspect it's got to do with a general schism in this society which is really becoming ever more destructive.;Alan Greenspan;society
We have a market-driven society so obsessed with buying and selling and obsessed with power and pleasure and property.;Cornel West;society
How a society channels male aggression is one of the greatest questions as to whether that society will survive. That's why I am not against violence in the media, I am against the glorification of immoral violence.;Dennis Prager;society
Liberals tend to put the onus of your success on society and conservatives on you and your family.;Dennis Prager;society
Opponents of capital punishment argue that the state has no right to take a murderer's life. Apparently, one fact that abolitionists forget or overlook is that the state is acting not only on behalf of society, but also on behalf of the murdered person and the murdered person's family.;Dennis Prager;society
Artists are going to be the metronome of this society.;Yoko Ono;society
It matters enormously to a successful democratic society like ours that we have three branches of government, each with some independence and some control over the other two. That's set out in the Constitution.;Sandra Day O'Connor;society
Thus, anybody who follows this nature and gives way its states will be led into quarrels and conflicts, and go against the conventions and rules of society, and will end up a criminal.;Xun Zi;society
If you have to put someone on a pedestal, put teachers. They are society's heroes.;Guy Kawasaki;society
It's long been accepted as fact that the availability of family planning services saves lives. Where women have access to these services, children and families are healthier, and society at large benefits.;Martha Plimpton;society
Can someone within that society walk into the town square and say what they want without fear of being punished for his or her views? If so, then that society is a free society. If not, it is a fear society.;Natan Sharansky;society
Ideology... is indispensable in any society if men are to be formed, transformed and equipped to respond to the demands of their conditions of existence.;Louis Althusser;society
We should be concerned not only about the health of individual patients, but also the health of our entire society.;Benjamin Carson;society
There is so much potential out there in young people and they aren't getting the right information or being encouraged in the right ways. This is our duty as a society.;Benjamin Carson;society
Well, we ought to be stirred, even to tears, by society's ills.;George McGovern;society
I've come to realize that protecting freedom of choice in our everyday lives is essential to maintaining a healthy civil society.;George McGovern;society
The importance that our society attaches to sport is incredible. After all, is football a game or a religion? The people of this country have allowed sports to get completely out of hand.;Howard Cosell;society
Just like my father, I've always loved education. In school I was a member of the honor society.;Barbra Streisand;society
As musicians and artists, it's important we have an environment - and I guess when I say environment, I really mean the industry, that really nurtures these gifts. Oftentimes, the machine can overlook the need to take care of the people who produce the sounds that have a lot to do with the health and well-being of society.;Lauryn Hill;society
When I was working, and when I was making substantial amounts of money, I always filed and paid my taxes. This only stopped, when it was necessary to withdraw from society, in order to guarantee the safety and well-being of myself and my family.;Lauryn Hill;society
Deep down, the US, with its space, its technological refinement, its bluff good conscience, even in those spaces which it opens up for simulation, is the only remaining primitive society.;Jean Baudrillard;society
The historic ascent of humanity, taken as a whole, may be summarized as a succession of victories of consciousness over blind forces - in nature, in society, in man himself.;Leon Trotsky;society
At the same, we need to remain sensitive to the reality that we are still an African society in which the majority of the people and communities live under severe deprivations and afflictions that are no fault of theirs.;Ibrahim Babangida;society
It is a strange fact that freedom and equality, the two basic ideas of democracy, are to some extent contradictory. Logically considered, freedom and equality are mutually exclusive, just as society and the individual are mutually exclusive.;Thomas Mann;society
To work in architecture you are so much involved with society, with politics, with bureaucrats. It's a very complicated process to do large projects. You start to see the society, how it functions, how it works. Then you have a lot of criticism about how it works.;Ai Weiwei;society
Justice must always question itself, just as society can exist only by means of the work it does on itself and on its institutions.;Michel Foucault;society
The truth is, I think we are a self-less society, not a selfish society. Because we're so busy now.;Phil McGraw;society
The spirit of truth and the spirit of freedom - these are the pillars of society.;Henrik Ibsen;society
Propaganda in the ordinary sense of the term plays a less important part in a consumer society, where people greet all official pronouncements with suspicion.;Christopher Lasch;society
In an individualistic culture, the narcissist is God's gift to the world. In a collectivist society, the narcissist is God's gift to the collective.;Christopher Lasch;society
There are 10-20 times more male comics than female comics it's something to do with the social structure of society.;Jo Brand;society
American society is a sort of flat, fresh-water pond which absorbs silently, without reaction, anything which is thrown into it.;Henry Adams;society
These groups within a society can he distinguished according as to whether, like an army or an orchestra, they function as a single body or whether they are united merely to defend their common interests and otherwise function as separate individuals.;Herbert Read;society
When the fabric of society is so rigid that it cannot change quickly enough, adjustments are achieved by social unrest and revolutions.;John Boyd Orr;society
For a long time, society put obstacles in the way of women who wanted to enter the sciences.;Sally Ride;society
It's upsetting to be a man in our society.;David Mamet;society
In modern society, where most people live in cities, and where both needs and wishes are absolved through the same remote agency - money - the distinction between wishes and needs has altogether vanished.;James Buchan;society
No one can live entirely on their own, nor can any country or society exist in isolation.;Daisaku Ikeda;society
If you let society and your peers define who you are, you're the less for it.;Hugh Hefner;society
We've been trained since kindergarten: Be nice, be kind, share, put on a smile. So we're conditioned to squash our natural selfish instincts, and that's the right thing for society.;Bryan Cranston;society
What we do as a society is seek simple answers.;Dean Koontz;society
I belong to the generation of workers who, born in the villages and hamlets of rural Poland, had the opportunity to acquire education and find employment in industry, becoming in the course conscious of their rights and importance in society.;Lech Walesa;society
Boy's natural play is rough and tumble play, it's the universal play of little boys. And it's very different from aggression. And we are a society that's failing to understand the distinction.;Christina Hoff Sommers;society
How many of you have broken no laws this month? That's the kind of society I want to build. I want a guarantee - with physics and mathematics, not with laws - that we can give ourselves real privacy of personal communications.;John Gilmore;society
Trinidad may seem complex, but to anyone who knows it, it is a simple, colonial, philistine society.;V. S. Naipaul;society
You've got all these books on self help, getting to know yourself, doing the right thing, eating the so-called right foods, even down to what books you have on your shelves. People are encouraged to look to themselves first as opposed to being a part of society.;Samantha Morton;society
We can now have action movies with two stars where one might be African American and one might be Asian American. One of them doesn't have to be white, and the other one doesn't have to be the ethnic sidekick. We're way over that. And I think it's happening in society, too.;Roger Ebert;society
The only way of living in a free society is to feel that you have the right to say and do stuff.;Salman Rushdie;society
The response of anybody interested in liberty is that we all have a say and the ability to have an argument is exactly what liberty is, even though it may never be resolved. In any authoritarian society the possessor of power dictates, and if you try and step outside he will come after you.;Salman Rushdie;society
Who has suffered? The families of the dead, no doubt. But a greater loss was inflicted on Pakistan because, as I said, we lost the pillars of our society.;Pervez Musharraf;society
I don't think homosexuality is a choice. Society forces you to think it's a choice, but in fact, it's in one's nature. The choice is whether one expresses one's nature truthfully or spends the rest of one's life lying about it.;Marlo Thomas;society
The right combination is between a free economy and social policy that addresses the needs of society and creates equal opportunity.;Benjamin Netanyahu;society
Companies that pollute should be taxed so that a product's cost to society is reflected in the price of that product.;Eliot Spitzer;society
After 25-plus years as a lawyer, prosecutor, and defense attorney, I have developed a deep appreciation for both the wisdom of the law and the role that jurists play in framing the rights and responsibilities that define our society.;Eliot Spitzer;society
I have long said there are three distinct groups under the GOP's tent: theological warriors, who want to impose their social views on the rest of society Tea Party zealots, who say with a straight face that they want the government to get out of their Medicare and remnants of the pro-business moderates.;Eliot Spitzer;society
As more people rely on government programs, the harder it becomes to conduct the necessary reforms to preserve them to help our society's most vulnerable.;Jim DeMint;society
I am willing to compete on my merits and on my character - not with the color of my skin. We talk about being a color-blind society, but I don't think the political process could actually handle that.;J. C. Watts;society
I applaud the American Cancer Society for all they do to eradicate smoking. Their local, state and national efforts help to discourage young people from taking up this deadly habit and the resources they provide have helped numerous smokers quit.;Allyson Schwartz;society
I give away something up to $500 million a year throughout the world promoting Open Society. My foundations support people in the country who care about an open society. It's their work that I'm supporting. So it's not me doing it.;George Soros;society
My definition of a decent society is one that first of all takes care of its losers, and protects its weak.;John le Carre;society
If you ask an economist what's driven economic growth, it's been major advances in things that mattered - the mechanization of farming, mass manufacturing, things like that. The problem is, our society is not organized around doing that.;Larry Page;society
I think being different, going against the grain of society is the greatest thing in the world.;Elijah Wood;society
The crucial question one comes back to is the examination without that experience is meaningless. And I think it's true that society is becoming more and more passive, less and less fired up with enthusiasm, in many spheres.;Peter Hammill;society
The 1960s were about releasing ourselves from conventional society and freeing ourselves.;Yoko Ono;society
We're going to raise a lot of money for cancer awareness, give some to the American Cancer Society and hopefully make a big difference.;LL Cool J;society
Our lifetime may be the last that will be lived out in a technological society.;Arthur C. Clarke;society
War is the supreme drama of a completely mechanized society.;Lewis Mumford;society
Women are not the richer sex. Women are not equal in society.;Erica Jong;society
Long before we understand ourselves through the process of self-examination, we understand ourselves in a self-evident way in the family, society and state in which we live.;Hans-Georg Gadamer;society
You can't have a United States if you are telling some folks that they can't get on the train. There is a cracking point where a society collapses.;Bruce Springsteen;society
But, actually, so many of the clerics that I've met, particularly the Church of England clerics, are people of such extraordinary smugness and arrogance and conceitedness who are extraordinarily presumptuous about the significance of their position in society.;Rowan Atkinson;society
