When I won in 2003, never in my wildest dreams did I ever think I would win Wimbledon and have my kids seeing me lift the trophy, so this is pretty surreal. And yeah, I was almost shocked in the moment that it all came together so nicely.;Roger Federer;dreams
Dream study impacts culture. We are put in touch with the inner poet who dreams. We hear our inner, subjective response to the outer world. That helps spiritualize our lives.;Henry Reed;dreams
Freud published The Interpretation of Dreams in 1900. It introduced the notion that there existed certain predictable and identifiable processes by which dreams were formed.;Henry Reed;dreams
It is easier to learn to interpret dreams if you have a reason to use them for something constructive. You apply your dream insights to making constructive changes in your life.;Henry Reed;dreams
People are learning to feel more comfortable hearing one another's dreams. It used to be that if you told a dream in public, someone had to make a joke to relieve the tension introduced by that alternative reality.;Henry Reed;dreams
People don't think their dreams amount to much, but when I ask them to examine them for common themes, they surprise themselves at how accurate they are! They see that their dreams have value.;Henry Reed;dreams
The usual comment from psychologists and psychiatrists was that it's best not to encourage people to look at their dreams because they are liable to stir up problems for themselves.;Henry Reed;dreams
Not only the priceless heritage of our fathers, of our seamen, of our Empire builders is being thrown away in a war that serves no British interests - but our alliance leader Stalin dreams of nothing but the destruction of that heritage of our fathers?;John Amery;dreams
That's what noir feels like to me. It feels like some kind of recurring dream, with very strong archetypes operating. You know, the guilty girl being pursued, falling, all kinds of stuff that we see in our dreams all the time.;Brian De Palma;dreams
I always wanted to be a Californian. In my wildest dreams, I always liked California - it's the place where oranges grows on trees! Fruit just falls off the trees.;Eric Burdon;dreams
You can't censor people's dreams.;Robyn Hitchcock;dreams
I thin many people's deviant behavior starts with dreams because dreams are so non-linear... as if there's an assumption that everything has to be linear or has to be plotted.;Robyn Hitchcock;dreams
Dreams are a scientific fact.;Robyn Hitchcock;dreams
It is an everlasting desire to make my dreams come true. And it's getting to the point now where it's like, come on I want my dreams to come true so that I can get on with the rest of my life. Sometimes I think about the rest of my life when I'm done.;Picabo Street;dreams
One of my dreams in life is to do fund-raising for the youth.;Picabo Street;dreams
Anderson Cooper every night dreams about getting my job permanently really.;Regis Philbin;dreams
So, I think that Marilyn, what she gave the world, and in many ways Kennedy too, was that they had dreams and they didn't allow anybody to take away their dreams.;Sally Kirkland;dreams
It's weird to say, but every time I look at my daughter and I see this little living breathing thing that came from me, that represents all of the hopes and dreams that I would want for her, I see a miracle.;Josh Gad;dreams
My dreams are of water. And my nightmares.;Siouxsie Sioux;dreams
You have to work hard for what you want to achieve and you have to set goals and dreams and really go for them.;Natalie du Toit;dreams
I'm thinking of slowing down on modeling and branching out to other things. I want to pursue some new and old dreams and start making them happen.;Chanel Iman;dreams
You cannot live to please everyone else. You have to edify, educate and fulfill your own dreams and destiny, and hope that whatever your art is that you're putting out there, if it's received, great, I respect you for receiving it. If it's not received, great, I respect you for not.;Octavia Spencer;dreams
I was always a closet lover of acting. My mom was very practical. She never, ever restricted our dreams, always told us we could do or be anything. Then I said, 'Maybe I want to be an actor'. And she said, 'Maybe not that'.;Octavia Spencer;dreams
My career was full of struggles and dreams, disappointments and peaks and valleys. But there was no Twitter, no Facebook or TMZ. Young actors could make mistakes and not become the focus of tabloids.;Ricky Schroder;dreams
It is great good health to believe, as the Hindus do, that there are 33 million gods and goddesses in the world. It is great good health to want to understand one's dreams. It is great good health to desire the ambiguous and paradoxical.;Clive Barker;dreams
In opposition to this detachment, he finds an image of man which contains within itself man's dreams, man's illness, man's redemption from the misery of poverty - poverty which can no longer be for him a sign of the acceptance of life.;Salvatore Quasimodo;dreams
Don't let your dreams be dreams.;Jack Johnson;dreams
It was taunted as reality. It was dangled as a carrot. In terms of people's hopes and dreams, to say that that is less of a reality than the daily grind they find themselves in is maybe not correct.;Martin Mull;dreams
Screenplays I didn't really care about, journalism, travel books, getting my writer friends to write about their dreams or something. I just determined to write the books I had to write.;Kazuo Ishiguro;dreams
I enjoy making solo albums because over the years it's evolved into more of a genuine personal expression of story-telling and day dreams, and I work in a way that has more control.;Bruce Dickinson;dreams
We can escape the commonplace only by manipulating it, controlling it, thrusting it into our dreams or surrendering it to the free play of our subjectivity.;Raoul Vaneigem;dreams
Ever since we were little, we were so on fire for our dreams. We never let anyone blow our flames out.;Kelly Rowland;dreams
I am not ridiculing verbal mechanisms, dreams, or repressions as origins of poetry all three of them and more besides may have a great deal to do with it.;Allen Tate;dreams
I love to work with the younger kids who are trying to live out their dreams, if in fact that's what they plan on doing after college to take the next step. A very select few have that opportunity so when you do have the opportunity you know, those guys take advantage of it.;Roger Clemens;dreams
College baseball, I love it. I love to work with the younger kids who are trying to live out their dreams, if in fact that's what they plan on doing after college to take the next step.;Roger Clemens;dreams
My childhood dreams were focused on being part of the effort to make humanity a multiplanetary species.;Peter Diamandis;dreams
We control the content of our dreams.;Thom Gunn;dreams
I can have my goals, and I can have my dreams. My goal is to make the finals and improve my position. I want to run all decent races. I don't want to look back and say I ran a terrible race.;Oscar Pistorius;dreams
We in the majority have worked hard to empower people to create opportunities, to make jobs, to do things that turn America into a place where people can achieve their dreams.;Robin Hayes;dreams
My hero's, my dreams, and my future lie in Yankee Stadium and they can't take that from me.;Derek Jeter;dreams
Field of Dreams is the only movie - and I saw it in the theater - on an afternoon when I was on location somewhere, and there were like 12 people in the theater. I was just so devastated I couldn't get out of my seat. And I sat and watched it a second time.;Paul Reiser;dreams
Maybe the body learns from dreams. Maybe the muscles, the neutrons, revitalize.;Michael Zaslow;dreams
Here's what I see all across this great city - people working together to make Boston a better place to live and to raise children, to grow and pursue dreams.;Thomas Menino;dreams
Men act out like they're horrified by marriage, but when they find the woman of their dreams, they love it.;Rachel Hunter;dreams
The hoary joke in the literary world, based on 'Dreams From My Father,' was that if things had worked out differently for Barack Obama, he could have made it as a writer.;James Fallows;dreams
Well, my thoughts about California are kind of mythological. To me, as well as being a real place, it's a place where people go to find something - to find happiness or to realize their dreams. So it has that kind of quality of heroism and heartache, and Australia has that, as well.;Colin Hay;dreams
America is not just a democracy, it represents a certain culture of competitive mobility and personality aspirations, politics is not merely a clash of interests, but a clash of dreams.;David Brooks;dreams
I knew I wanted to do something creative. I didn't think I'd have the luxury of doing something like that, because I didn't know anyone who had pursued anything they really adored, but I had dreams for singing or writing.;Lana Del Rey;dreams
I still marvel at how God turns dreams into reality.;Martha Reeves;dreams
I worshipped Berry Gordy for the creative dreams he had made come true.;Martha Reeves;dreams
So we see Edward as a young man on the road and he meets a giant and he brings the giant to a circus where he meets a Miss Calloway. He sees the woman of his dreams and I am the only one who knows who she is.;Danny DeVito;dreams
Never let your dreams go away.;Mike Piazza;dreams
Politics are beautiful. They enable a community to live collectively with one another. It's not about stabbing each other in the back it's about enabling people to reach their dreams and pursue happiness.;Ben Nicholson;dreams
I've got heaps of dreams.;Abbie Cornish;dreams
And they were writing scripts where Christine had hit the glass ceiling. And I always thought Christine would never hit the glass ceiling. I thought her dreams would take her. Maybe her dreams wouldn't take her where she wanted, but she still had her dreams.;Sharon Gless;dreams
Dreams say what they mean, but they don't say it in daytime language.;Gail Godwin;dreams
You've got to have dreams to keep you going.;Steve Waugh;dreams
I'm very ambitious. I live in reality but I have dreams I want to fulfill - I want to be a director, and I've already started my own production company. But I also have a measure of success that I keep to myself. It's something very personal to me.;Alex Pettyfer;dreams
When I was a kid, I have two dreams. I want to be a baseball player. Hometown, Hiroshima, has a Japanese baseball franchise team called Hiroshima Carps. You know, and then I want to be a sushi chef. I want to make own restaurant - sushi restaurant.;Masaharu Morimoto;dreams
People with disabilities have abilities too and that is what this course is all about - making sure those abilities blossom and shine so that all the dreams you have can come true.;Mary McAleese;dreams
If our dreams were more regular, more connected, more stable, they would also have more practical importance for us.;Ernst Mach;dreams
When I grew up, I only had two dreams. One was to be a cowboy and another was to be in the military. I grew up extremely patriotic and riding horses.;Chris Kyle;dreams
Humanity needs dreams to be able to survive the miseries of daily existence, even if only for an instant.;Oscar Niemeyer;dreams
One of the things I've started doing lately is tracking my dreams. I feel like there's a lot of information there and you can really bring those emotions to the situations that may feel mundane or familiar. That gives them new life and gives you a new relationship with it - if that makes any sort of sense.;Jennifer Carpenter;dreams
I wanted to raise the voice of a lot of the people that I knew growing up, and this was, for the most part, poor people who had extraordinary dreams but also very amazing obstacles.;Edwidge Danticat;dreams
My mother dreamed dreams for Joaquin and for me long before we could dream them for ourselves.;Julian Castro;dreams
I have actual dreams of Bruce Springsteen calling me up on stage to wear a bandanna and play rhythm guitar next to Little Steven.;Tom Perrotta;dreams
Sexual dreams aren't usually about sex.;Pamela Stephenson;dreams
He's dreaming with his eyes open, and those that dream with their eyes open are dangerous, for they do not know when their dreams come to an end.;Hugo Pratt;dreams
We had common interests in the beauty of the French language. We both had a tremendous love of jazz. We shared dreams of getting married and having a family, living in the country, leading an idyllic life.;David Amram;dreams
Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so you shall become. Your vision is the promise of what you shall one day be your ideal is the prophecy of what you shall at last unveil.;James Lane Allen;dreams
Thanking you once more, I want to wish you the best of luck for your future life and to conclude by saying to you: Dream your dreams and may they come true!;Felix Bloch;dreams
'Dreams From My Father' reveals more about Obama than is usually known about political leaders until after they're dead. Perhaps more than it intends, it shows his mind working, in real time, sentence by sentence, in what feels like a private audience with the reader.;Jonathan Raban;dreams
The only book by a modern president that bears serious comparison with Obama's 'Dreams From My Father' is Jimmy Carter's short campaign autobiography, 'Why Not the Best?,' published in 1975.;Jonathan Raban;dreams
When you stop having dreams and ideals - well, you might as well stop altogether.;Marian Anderson;dreams
Here Fashion is a despot, and no one dreams of evading its dictates.;Marguerite Gardiner;dreams
If you were to ask my agent, they would confirm this: I'm drawn to locations. What really drew me to 'The 4400,' aside from the fact that it was sci-fi, was the fact that it was shot in the city of my dreams: Vancouver.;Billy Campbell;dreams
There has been enough suffering in our country, there has been enough of children whose dreams die before they have a chance to grow and there has been enough of our elders who, having served their nation, are forced into indignity in their old age.;John Agyekum Kufuor;dreams
Just really, really believe in what you're trying to do. Don't let people alter that. Let people advise you and lead you down paths to make smart business decisions. But trust your instinct and trust that overwhelming drive that made you put all your dreams and everything on the line.;Luke Bryan;dreams
Let your dreams outgrow the shoes of your expectations.;Ryunosuke Satoro;dreams
I was working at the store on the Sony studios in Culver City. And I was literally holding a shirt when they came in and told me I'd got the part! It just shows dreams do come true.;Derek Luke;dreams
Then I was working in a store in Newark, New Jersey, and I saw an actor in person, and I got so excited. My whole day changed. That's when I decided to challenge myself to make my dreams become a reality.;Derek Luke;dreams
I want to still be singing at 70 years old. I want to be open to the dreams I haven't even dreamed up.;Fantasia Barrino;dreams
I would love to spend all my time writing to you I'd love to share with you all that goes through my mind, all that weighs on my heart, all that gives air to my soul phantoms of art, dreams that would be so beautiful if they could come true.;Luigi Pirandello;dreams
Don't think your dreams don't come true, because they do. You'd better be careful what you wish for. And I truly and honestly - one day I am doing the 'Beaver' show and I said, 'This is the show I have always wanted to do.';Barbara Billingsley;dreams
You've got to have a dream... if you don't have any big dreams, nothing happens.;Ian Rush;dreams
Man is firmly convinced that he is awake in reality he is caught in a net of sleep and dreams which he has unconsciously woven himself.;Gustave Meyrink;dreams
Have you ever wondered why young people take to music like fish to water? Maybe it's because music is fun. Plan and simple. It opens up their minds to dream great dreams about where they can go and what they can do when they get older.;Isaac Hayes;dreams
It's not like I had big dreams to go to California and become an actor. I loved doing my shows at school and community theater, and I probably would have settled in New York because it was closer. I was going to go to NYU.;Christine Taylor;dreams
Looking back 25 years later, what I may say is that the facts have been far better than the dreams. In the long course of cell life on this earth it remained, for our age for our generation, to receive the full ownership of our inheritance.;Albert Claude;dreams
I can't comprehend that I'm in the film of 'Les Miserables.' It's one of those dreams I thought would be unattainable for someone like me, who came from nowhere.;Samantha Barks;dreams
I was so lucky to have parents who supported me, 100%, with whatever I was doing, both financially and emotionally. Having that they made my life so much easier. Instead of becoming a bartender and trying to survive while trying to pursue your dreams, I didn't have to worry about that aspect. I could just pursue my dreams.;Cam Gigandet;dreams
It's not my job to dream your dreams. It's my job to make your dreams become a reality.;Blanche Lincoln;dreams
My dream life is just to go back to my job full-time. And be with my family. You know, regular dreams, common dreams that everyone has.;Carla Bruni;dreams
Real shapes and real patterns are things you would observe in nature, like the marks on the back of a cobra's hood or the markings on a fish or a lizard. Imaginary shapes are just that, symbols that come to a person in dreams or reveries and are charged with meaning.;Jim Woodring;dreams
What are the Democrats, the party of Jim Matheson, telling them? The message of the Democrats is that the Amercian dream is over. 'The government is all you have. Give up your dreams, and the government will save you, the government will heal you, the government will be your hope and change.' We know here in Utah, none of that is true.;Mia Love;dreams
The percentage you're paying is too high priced While you're living beyond all your means And the man in the suit has just bought a new car From the profit he's made on your dreams.;Steve Winwood;dreams
I have my own production company called Urban Dreams.;Chaske Spencer;dreams
Each has its lesson for our dreams in sooth, come they in shape of demons, gods, or elves, are allegories with deep hearts of truth that tell us solemn secrets of ourselves.;Henry Timrod;dreams
