Don't throw petals on the floor if they have no meaning. I would rather have a fun, casual relationship than have someone pretending they're completely in love with me.;Ashley Greene;relationship
I've always believed in people's capacity for goodness. I still believe that people are good. What I'm not so trusting about anymore is their relationship to their own goodness.;Anne Hathaway;relationship
The relationship between talent and management is uneasy, at best.;Jessica Savitch;relationship
When you look at Japanese traditional architecture, you have to look at Japanese culture and its relationship with nature. You can actually live in a harmonious, close contact with nature - this very unique to Japan.;Tadao Ando;relationship
I cannot imagine having a physical relationship with a woman. I have not done that. But I really love women.;Catherine Deneuve;relationship
I had the classic 40 meltdown. I did. It's embarrassing. It was pretty funny. But then I recovered. To me, it was like a second adolescence. Hormonally, my body was changing, my mind was changing, and so my relationship to myself and the world around me came to this assault of finiteness.;Keanu Reeves;relationship
I found the offer of a knighthood something that I couldn't possibly accept. I found it to be somehow squalid, a knighthood. There's a relationship to government about knights.;Harold Pinter;relationship
I do not think that Mulder trusts any one other than Scully. He s very solitary. She is the only one who takes him seriously. I don t know if they re in love. In a way, their relationship is deeper than that, because they cannot live without each other.;David Duchovny;relationship
It is better to have a relationship with someone who cheats on you than with someone who does not flush the toilet.;Uma Thurman;relationship
We're getting so pulled in by computers and technology, and our kids have their face in the computers all day. The human relationship is being diminished by this.;Lenny Kravitz;relationship
My brother and I had a really privileged relationship with my parents... They treated us like adults.;Henry Louis Gates;relationship
I have a love-hate relationship with white silk.;Alan Rickman;relationship
The relationship between a manufacturer and his advertising agency is almost as intimate as the relationship between a patient and his doctor. Make sure that you can life happily with your prospective client before you accept his account.;David Ogilvy;relationship
My parents are artists in their world, in the world of modern artists, you are supposed to just go into your studio and tune everything out, and your entire relationship with your work is supposed to be a super private one. That was the way to do it and you weren't deeply truly artistic if that wasn't the way you were engaging the press.;Lena Dunham;relationship
The behavior of men to the lower animals, and their behavior to each other, bear a constant relationship.;Herbert Spencer;relationship
Music was your real passion, this thing you held dear even above family. It was this relationship that never betrayed you. Once it became your job - this thing that was highly visible, this thing that became about commerce - that's when you were holding onto music like it was a palm tree in a hurricane.;Eddie Vedder;relationship
The film depends on the audience's belief in this relationship.;Ralph Fiennes;relationship
There's the theory that nudity doesn't really make something sexy the characters and their relationship make it sexy.;Tim Robbins;relationship
It does not seem to me that the steps which would be needed to make Britain - and others - more comfortable in their relationship in the European Union are inherently so outlandish or unreasonable.;David Cameron;relationship
There was always a love-hate relationship with New York in the rest of the country, but I made them feel more love than hate.;Ed Koch;relationship
The attack on ObamaCare was that Congress does not have the power under the Commerce Clause to force a private citizen into a private contractual relationship. If such a thing is permitted to stand, the anti-ObamaCare forces argue, there will be no limit to Congress's power in the future.;John Podhoretz;relationship
A lot of people over time have had this kind of pattern in their relationship with Bill Clinton. You first meet him and you're overwhelmed by his talent. He's so energetic and articulate and full of ideas and he calls himself a congenital optimist and that optimism is contagious.;Dee Dee Myers;relationship
The only time a relationship is good is when you really love them.;Leighton Meester;relationship
I think at some stage, I would love to have another child. I would love to settle into a relationship that was really important to me. I actually am not good at the balance at that.;Nicole Kidman;relationship
Even as a child I had a strong relationship with yearning and desire. And loss. Those things spoke to me.;Nicole Kidman;relationship
North Americans as a whole need to embrace having clothes altered to their body. I hear it all the time: why do the Europeans always look so good? They have a relationship with their tailor and spend the time and money to make their clothes look their best.;Michael Kors;relationship
Fame does lead to money, which I don't have a close relationship with. I'm the kind of guy who never sees the money - it all goes somewhere else. I don't understand it, I don't like to deal with it. I have a fear of not having it, because I grew up without it.;David Duchovny;relationship
Family life was wonderful. The streets were bleak. The playgrounds were bleak. But home was always warm. My mother and father had a great relationship. I always felt 'safe' there.;Robert Cormier;relationship
I'm so happy now. I love that I'm in a relationship right now... I want a life... The past five years or so I've found my groove and my balance.;Kelly Clarkson;relationship
But you know, I have a pretty good relationship with the press and the paparazzi. It's just when they step over the line that, you know, enough's enough.;Elton John;relationship
I love my dad and we have a very good relationship now.;Norah Jones;relationship
I'm a real relationship person - contrary to public perception. I'm either in one or I'm not.;Sienna Miller;relationship
Doing Saturday Night Live definitely affects my relationship with my girlfriend and with my family, because you feel so much pressure to do well that night. But I think everyone's grown to accept that and so they give me my space at the show.;Adam Sandler;relationship
I feel like you don't know if someone's equipped for a romantic relationship until they're out of their twenties.;Lena Dunham;relationship
I believe that his death and resurrection transformed humanity's relationship with God.;Timothy Radcliffe;relationship
Individual psychotherapy - that is, engaging a distressed fellow human in a disciplined conversation and human relationship - requires that the therapist have the proper temperament and philosophy of life for such work. By that I mean that the therapist must be patient, modest, and a perceptive listener, rather than a talker and advice-giver.;Thomas Szasz;relationship
Pop stardom is not very compelling. I'm much more interested in a relationship between performer and audience that is of equals. I came up through folk music, and there's no pomp and circumstance to the performance. There's no, like, 'I'll be the rock star, you be the adulating fan.';Ani DiFranco;relationship
When Tony was madly in love with me, his relationship with Vanessa Redgrave was ending.;Jeanne Moreau;relationship
Although we were never pals and occasionally butted heads, my relationship with Clinton and his wife, Hillary, made me a better journalist.;Ron Fournier;relationship
Having been an educator for so many years I know that all a good teacher can do is set a context, raise questions or enter into a kind of a dialogic relationship with their students.;Godfrey Reggio;relationship
So after the Lewinsky scandal, everything changed, and we moved from using the Bible to address the moral issues of our time, which were social, to moral issues of our time that were very personal. I have continued that relationship up until the present.;Tony Campolo;relationship
Red Letter Christians believe in the doctrines of the Apostle's Creed, are convinced that the Scriptures have been inspired by the Holy Spirit, and make having a personal transforming relationship with the resurrected Christ the touchtone of their faith.;Tony Campolo;relationship
My relationship with my mom is really the single most profound relationship that I've ever had in my life.;Mindy Kaling;relationship
In finding love, I think it's important to be patient. In being in a relationship, I think it's important to be honest, to communicate, to respect and trust, and to strive to give more than you take.;Kina Grannis;relationship
Unfenced by law, the unmarried lover can quit a bad relationship at any time. But you - the legally married person who wants to escape doomed love - may soon discover that a significant portion of your marriage contract belongs to the State, and that it sometimes takes a very long while for the State to grant you your leave.;Elizabeth Gilbert;relationship
I'm so happy to be in a committed relationship.;Adam Lambert;relationship
The whole of science, and one is tempted to think the whole of the life of any thinking man, is trying to come to terms with the relationship between yourself and the natural world. Why are you here, and how do you fit in, and what's it all about.;David Attenborough;relationship
There was a time in the marriage when I could no longer look at myself in a mirror, couldn't feel I was a nice person. A bad relationship can do that, can make you doubt everything good you ever felt about yourself.;Dionne Warwick;relationship
I'm not really a relationship expert but ...I'm an expert on manhood and what men think.;Steve Harvey;relationship
I think if you're in a committed relationship, unless you have some sort of an understanding, monogamy is something that should exist.;Jennifer Lopez;relationship
The United States and Israel have a unique relationship based on our mutual commitment to democracy, freedom, and peace. Therefore, just as our commitment to these principles must be steadfast, so must our support for Israel.;John Boehner;relationship
What works in a relationship of very public people is not making the relationship public - keeping it as personal as it can be. It's the only way it is real.;Salma Hayek;relationship
You can educate yourself right out of a relationship with God.;Tammy Faye Bakker;relationship
My relationship with everyone in Jamaica is good.;Usain Bolt;relationship
I think you grow wherever God plants you. I hope I'm growing as a person of faith, as a Christian. That should be our number one objective this journey of life. That all starts with a personal intimate relationship with Christ and then being in prayer every single day about all of those things - being tenacious about it.;J. C. Watts;relationship
The decision to kiss for the first time is the most crucial in any love story. It changes the relationship of two people much more strongly than even the final surrender because this kiss already has within it that surrender.;Emil Ludwig;relationship
Sometimes you could be in an unhappy relationship you are very much in love with someone, but it's making you unhappy and you think things can change and you can work it out.;Vanessa Paradis;relationship
People's view of cancer will change when they have their own relationship with cancer, which everyone will, at some point.;Laura Linney;relationship
When you're in a relationship you want it to work. My parents did, I did. But we are not taught how to make it work.;Erykah Badu;relationship
Marriage is a very sacred institution and should not be degraded by allowing every other type of relationship to be made equivalent to it.;Benjamin Carson;relationship
I can't cultivate a relationship with my child if it's between takes. I tried that on a movie and realized, 'This is not going to work.' It will work some of the year, but not 12 months a year.;Katherine Heigl;relationship
What students lack in school is an intellectual relationship or conversation with the teacher.;William Glasser;relationship
In no relationship at the top of any walk of life is it always easy, least of all in politics which matters so much and which is conducted in such a piercing spotlight.;Tony Blair;relationship
I've only recently realized that I have a radically different relationship with my parents than a lot of people.;Lena Dunham;relationship
Which is, I'm an optimist that two people can be together to work out their conflicts. And that commitment, I think, might be what love is, because they both grow from their relationship.;Garry Shandling;relationship
Just about every children's book in my local bookstore has an animal for its hero. But then, only a few feet away in the cookbook section, just about every cookbook includes recipes for cooking animals. Is there a more illuminating illustration of our paradoxical relationship with the nonhuman world?;Jonathan Safran Foer;relationship
Jews have a special relationship to books, and the Haggadah has been translated more widely, and reprinted more often, than any other Jewish book. It is not a work of history or philosophy, not a prayer book, user's manual, timeline, poem or palimpsest - and yet it is all these things.;Jonathan Safran Foer;relationship
When a person goes into a relationship emotionally needy, they are not going to have discernment in choosing people.;Jennifer O'Neill;relationship
Film music should have the same relationship to the film drama that somebody's piano playing in my living room has on the book I am reading.;Igor Stravinsky;relationship
Doctrinal rightness and rightness of ecclesiastical position are important, but only as a starting point to go on into a living relationship - and not as ends in themselves.;Francis Schaeffer;relationship
I've always been the long-term relationship, go-home-and-meet-mom girl.;Sophia Bush;relationship
I like to write with people I have a relationship with otherwise it's kind of scary, and you hold back because you don't want to pour your guts out to someone you never met.;Miranda Lambert;relationship
There was no relationship between a wedding dress and fashion. There was no good taste, either. I realized that I could make an impression in terms of changing and readdressing the whole industry of bridal.;Vera Wang;relationship
The main thing experience has taught me is that one has to sort of hone their relationship to time, you know.;John Frusciante;relationship
We can realise a lasting peace and transform the East-West relationship to one of enduring co-operation.;George H. W. Bush;relationship
I always knew I wanted kids, but when my mom passed away I was like, 'I want a bunch of kids. I want three kids or four kids, and I want to have that relationship again.' I can't bring my mom back, but I can have children.;Mindy Kaling;relationship
Not to be weird, but I still have an ongoing relationship with my mom, even though she passed away, and I've been surprised at how much I've been able to convey to her. Now I sound like a total weirdo, but that's true.;Mindy Kaling;relationship
Getting over someone is a grieving process. You mourn the loss of the relationship, and that's only expedited by 'Out of sight, out of mind.' But when you walk outside and see them on a billboard or on TV or on the cover of a magazine, it reopens the wound. It's a high-class problem, but it's real.;Hank Azaria;relationship
Mine is just a simple old human story - of one person trying, with great rigor and discipline, to comprehend her personal relationship with divinity.;Elizabeth Gilbert;relationship
Look, you've got a generation of people coming along who are going to form their own new relationship with the idea of supporting the causes that they care about or changing the world. And these people are not going to do it the way our parents do it.;Edward Norton;relationship
The most important thing as a leader is your relationship with God.;Manny Pacquiao;relationship
For hundreds of millions of Americans who believe in God, prayer is our bridge between Earth and Heaven, our way of opening our hearts to the Lord. Through this intimate relationship we find peace and guidance.;Nick Rahall;relationship
The relationship between commitment and doubt is by no means an antagonistic one. Commitment is healthiest when it's not without doubt but in spite of doubt.;Rollo May;relationship
For me, I'm not a jealous person. That's just not my thing. You have to have trust in your relationship.;Fergie;relationship
There's a lot about the character. It doesn't always happen, but there are some characters you really create a relationship with, almost as if they were your friend. And you never get into their heads again or think like them.;Salma Hayek;relationship
The relationship between Israel and the United States is a bond of - it's just a very powerful bond. It was, it is, and will be and will continue to be.;Benjamin Netanyahu;relationship
I have a very long relationship with America. My mother grew up there and I felt to some extent that I partly belong there. I was schooled there briefly for about a year.;Colin Firth;relationship
I have my ethics and morals. I have my anchor point of what is right and wrong in real life, but I'm not afraid to entertain any and every aspect of personality in relationship to creating a character.;Corin Nemec;relationship
The establishment wonders why we can't get more of the black vote. It's because it's not doing the things necessary to establish a deeper relationship with the black community. Most black people don't think alike. Most black people just vote alike.;J. C. Watts;relationship
Our first scene is sort of a reunion between the X-Men characters, which establishes everyone's relationship to one another, sort of like a recap for all those who have forgotten since the last movie.;Shawn Ashmore;relationship
We should never denigrate any other culture but rather help people to understand the relationship between their own culture and the dominant culture. When you understand another culture or language, it does not mean that you have to lose your own culture.;Edward T. Hall;relationship
That was always my frustration with so many of these shows, because design is not an ambush... it's a relationship. You have to know how people move and live and work to be able to design for them.;Genevieve Gorder;relationship
I met my grandfather just before he died, and it was the first time that I had seen Dad with a relative of his. It was interesting to see my own father as a son and the body language and alteration in attitude that comes with that, and it sort of changed our relationship for the better.;Christian Bale;relationship
What we have now is doctors who are actually better technically at what they're doing in their specialty than 30 or 40 years ago, but we lost the relationship, when the doctor would look people in the eye and say, 'I care about you. We can do this together.';Mehmet Oz;relationship
I hope that anyone I worked with wouldn't exploit our relationship.;Laura Linney;relationship
On a level of simple personal survival, understanding and forgiveness are crucial... whether in an intimate personal relationship or on a global level.;Edward Albert;relationship
Most people like to read about intrigue and spies. I hope to provide a metaphor for the average reader's daily life. Most of us live in a slightly conspiratorial relationship with our employer and perhaps with our marriage.;John le Carre;relationship
Selfishness, narcissism, being uncomfortable in your own skin, not feeling connected to the world around you, feeling dislocated from family and youth, having a strange relationship with your childhood - all those things feel really true to me.;Jason Reitman;relationship
Film's hard when you don't have any relationship with the director at all and you just show up. Then you really are just a gun for hire.;Philip Seymour Hoffman;relationship
