Also, in a funny way, if you have been happily married there are no unresolved areas, nothing to prove to yourself after the other dies.;Nigella Lawson;funny
People often ask me how I make things funny. I don't make things funny.;Richard Russo;funny
If you work at comedy too laboriously, you can kill what's funny in the joke.;Richard Russo;funny
For some reason and I don't know why, but I don't think that I'm funny in California. So I always want to do my movies east somewhere.;Kevin James;funny
I took 'P.S. I Love You' thinking it was going to be a little funny, and I ended up crying every day on that film.;Hilary Swank;funny
I think 'Saturday Night Live', starting in the 1970s, really gave women an outlet to be funny. A lot of those women went on to have film careers, from Kristen Wiig now to Tina Fey and Gilda Radner.;Emma Stone;funny
I write about wounds, the eternal treasons of life. It's not very funny, but it's sincere. My commitment is to sincerity.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;funny
When I was doing ensemble theater and comedy work, I felt I had some talents. But when I started doing my shows in Berkeley and found that I could be funny on my own, I was shocked.;Whoopi Goldberg;funny
Memory is funny. Once you hit a vein the problem is not how to remember but how to control the flow.;Tobias Wolff;funny
People just don't laugh when their family is violated, and you don't shrug it off. You band together and you defend together. It's a funny, primitive instinct.;Phillip Noyce;funny
There's always something funny about men chasing women.;David Spade;funny
I don't know who the hell Paul Lynde is, or why he's funny, and I prefer it to be a mystery to me.;Paul Lynde;funny
Politicians... talk in generalities and lies, and I think they've caused all our grief. They're so awful, they're really funny. I hate thinking this because my dad loved politics.;Paul Lynde;funny
As soon as I realized you could be funny as a job, that was the job I wanted.;Seth Rogen;funny
I think when you do comedy, you play by a different set of rules. No one really wants you to be in that good shape. Being in good shape implies a level of vanity that isn't necessarily funny.;Seth Rogen;funny
To me, what separates a funny movie from a good movie is something personal.;Seth Rogen;funny
I can't watch other people doing comedy. As soon as somebody starts being funny I have to turn off because it upsets me. I get comedy indigestion. I just hate anybody else being funny. That's my job.;Jenny Eclair;funny
As a five-year-old in Berlin in 1965, I didn't know that funny women existed. It wasn't until I got back to England that I realised women could be funny.;Jenny Eclair;funny
Leno, Conan. They are both really funny. They really know how to land one.;Jimmy Fallon;funny
Straight men just can't imagine the bliss of being in a relationship with someone who finds farting as funny as they do.;Graham Norton;funny
We live in a funny time. If you don't go corporate, you can't compete. You're relegated as irrelevant. People used to admire that.;Ethan Hawke;funny
You can't teach somebody how to be funny. You're either funny, or you ain't.;Denis Leary;funny
The things that make me angry still make me angry. George Carlin is 67, and he's still as funny as he's ever been, and he's still angry. And that makes me feel good, because I feel like if I stick around long enough, I'll still be able to work.;Denis Leary;funny
The fact that the Kardashians could be more popular than a show like 'Mad Men' is disgusting. It's a super disgusting part of our culture, but I still find it funny to make a joke about it.;Jonah Hill;funny
'Funny People' is my favorite performance of myself to date. Even though it's a comedy and there are serious moments, I really felt like Leo felt like a real person. It didn't feel like I was playing myself. Whether it's a comedy or drama, I just try to make it as realistic as possible.;Jonah Hill;funny
I don't want to be the one to break it to you, but the future ain't that funny.;Albert Brooks;funny
Twitter, to me, works if you're funny. Twitter doesn't work as a promotional tool unless you do it very, very, very occasionally.;Albert Brooks;funny
I've been to many funerals of funny people, and they're some of the funniest days you'll ever have, because the emotions run high.;Albert Brooks;funny
I think a lot of times on TV we see caricatures - that's what's funny.;Mayim Bialik;funny
I love being a dad, it keeps me fit and inspired and children are so funny. They always supply you with acting material!;Wesley Snipes;funny
It's funny how most activists are pacifists.;Craig Bruce;funny
I've always been part of comedy. One of the things about our family was that if we were reasonably funny with each other, particularly my two brothers and myself, when my father was upset with something you'd want to make sure in some way you made him laugh. Because when he didn't laugh, you were in trouble!;Leslie Nielsen;funny
So what I do now is to pre-empt that by making the up into a virtue, and telling funny stories about how crap I am before people have a chance to notice it for themselves and think maybe I haven't realised.;Emily Mortimer;funny
If you think something's funny, go with that. Most comedians pull jokes from a place of honesty.;Olivia Munn;funny
Funny is funny is funny.;Bob Newhart;funny
I really don't know what makes a comedian. I think it's a family background and environment. Yet if you put the same ingredients in another person, he may never utter a funny line.;Bob Newhart;funny
You can go to a play that is enjoyable because it's funny, and then on the next night you can go to a play that's enjoyable because it's 'disturbing.';Wallace Shawn;funny
I don't happen to have a sense of humor personally, so I don't know what's funny about a character... This happens to be a feature of my life generally.;Wallace Shawn;funny
I was making my living from a joke about my appearance that I didn't understand, and in a way still don't, because when I look in a mirror it doesn't seem funny to me.;Wallace Shawn;funny
For some reason, people find me funny. It's quite hard to define why a thought is funny. It's even harder to define why a person would be funny. It's a word that I can't define at all. But whether I know quite what it is or not, I seem to be it.;Wallace Shawn;funny
We all know funny people who can't get it down on the page - even funny writers who can't get it down on the page.;Calvin Trillin;funny
If it's inappropriate to write about, if there's nothing funny about it, then it's not funny.;Calvin Trillin;funny
It's funny how a chubby kid can just be having fun, and people call it entertainment!;Garth Brooks;funny
Sometimes, comics will make the observation that it's not jokes that are funny, it's characters that are funny. And isn't that true! That's why I always kill jokes. I'm terrible at them, because I get the joke right, but I can't get the character right, and it just goes down like a lead balloon.;David Mitchell;funny
I would call it a comedy variety show. We have some people just doing straight standup. We usually try to have one musical act of sort. So its just people being funny in different ways, not just sketch, not just standup, not just characters, all of those things.;Todd Barry;funny
Animals are sentient, intelligent, perceptive, funny and entertaining. We owe them a duty of care as we do to children.;Michael Morpurgo;funny
Strange questions are the more interesting ones. Children by and large don't try to trip you up... they want to find out how you do this funny thing that you do... if they've loved a story they love to know how it started.;Michael Morpurgo;funny
It's so funny, because right now I'm very tired and my brains a little dead, I tend to get very focused and serious. So, I'm probably coming off a lot more like Scully right now.;Gillian Anderson;funny
I tend to play characters that I can infuse with certain kinds of humour. Even the baddest guy can be funny in his own particular way. I want the audience to engage with the character on some deeper level so that they leave the cinema still thinking about him.;Samuel L. Jackson;funny
It's a required part of your film history to know who Woody is. His movies are so wonderful, and not just funny but so insightful about human behavior.;Scarlett Johansson;funny
I have no idea what I'm going to say when I stand up to give a toast. But I do know that anything I say I find funny.;Don Rickles;funny
You know what's funny to me? Attitude.;Don Rickles;funny
Some people say funny things, but I say things funny.;Don Rickles;funny
We are supposed to enjoy the good stuff now, while we can, with the people we love. Life has a funny way of teaching us that lesson over and over again.;Sheena Easton;funny
I also think if you're an actor and you can improvise, when you go on an audition and you can improvise you're just a genius. If you can, you know, take a Tide commercial and you can just say one funny line that's not in the commercial they think you're a genius.;Amy Poehler;funny
Most of the gaffes I've made have not been funny - they've been stupid.;Jim Lehrer;funny
My little dog, he did not get ill. It is so funny that people get ill on a boat and dogs do not.;Anna Held;funny
Who knew Rob Lowe was funny? On 'Parks and Rec,' we've got some of the funniest comedy writers, some of the funniest comedians in the world working there. And if anything, we don't just effuse to one another and be like, 'Oh, Rob Lowe's really funny,' if he wasn't.;Chris Pratt;funny
The American audience has really opened up to women being A.) funny and B.) kinda crude. 'Bridesmaids' is R-rated, and I think it was a major coup for women to have an R-rated comedy that did really well. Same as 'Bad Teacher.';Chris Pratt;funny
It's interesting - I always thought when I was doing more melodramatic stuff like 'Everwood' that the directors were constantly reeling me in and stopping me from being funny.;Chris Pratt;funny
The key is just to ignore the pain, because physical comedy only works if you see someone get hurt and they aren't actually hurt. If someone gets hit in the face with a bat, falls down, and gets back up, it's funny. If they stay down and their jaw is wired shut in the next scene, it's really tragic and weird. You have to pretend it doesn't hurt.;Chris Pratt;funny
It's a funny relationship that makeup artists have. I always feel kind of like a dentist. People look at me and think of pain.;Rick Baker;funny
I love Charlie, Billy Burke's character. Writing for him is so spectacular, he's so funny and wry and every scene he's in he just takes. There's a scene in 'Eclipse' where Bella tells him she's a virgin, and it's the funniest, most awkward scene I've ever seen on film.;Melissa Rosenberg;funny
It's funny how I use social media because I don't use it to promote my restaurants that much. I use it for social issues and I think that's what it's for. I do a few things - I mess around with music a lot because that's a passion of mine. If something strikes me and I want to share it, I do.;Tom Colicchio;funny
He is very dry but also very funny... I think people tend to feel odd when I do my act. Unless you are an ironic person, it's not a good place for you to be.;Colin Quinn;funny
You know, the funny thing about Lorne and that show is that, you can go over one million things, but in a business of bean counters, he still likes to laugh at small things and creates a show around it.;Colin Quinn;funny
Everybody's funny in different ways.;Colin Quinn;funny
Marie Antoinette was funny, I'm sure she was just misinterpreted. You know the 'Let them eat cake' line. She seems like she was kind of funny, like a Chelsea Handler or Kathy Griffin type.;Colin Quinn;funny
You can't make everybody laugh. You gotta just do what you think is funny. Just be obstreperous to everybody.;Colin Quinn;funny
You know how it is with writing. You just write what you want to write. There's no way to predict what is good or bad. You just do what you think is funny, and either it works or you're finished. It's impossible to predict anything.;Colin Quinn;funny
I've dated some women who have turned me on to some funny things that are strange for men to actually do, but these things have become part of my process. I think the things I do for my appearance help make me look better. I even colour my hair because I like how it makes me look.;Ryan Seacrest;funny
I'm terrible at practical jokes. I do them too well, so they're not funny. I end up saying, 'Oh, no, I'm joking, I'm joking.';Anna Torv;funny
Everybody's funny if you love them.;Anna Torv;funny
People don't realize that I'm really funny and I'm an excellent bridge player.;Sheryl Crow;funny
People say funny things all the time during really serious moments in life.;Mark Ruffalo;funny
I had a very funny family.;Zach Braff;funny
I think I would say 'The King's Speech' is surprisingly funny, in fact the audiences in London, Toronto, LA, New York commented there's more laughter in this film than in most comedies, while it is also a moving tear-jerker with an uplifting ending.;Tom Hooper;funny
The funny thing is that I write and I act a lot about being Jewish, but I don't really think about it as a regular person.;Liev Schreiber;funny
It's funny, when people talk about the 70s I can tell you the year of every album but when it comes to the later efforts I can't remember the exact years, it's funny isn't it?;Steve Hackett;funny
I've always found it easier to be funny than to be serious.;Molly Ivins;funny
And the funny thing is, I've always been an optimist - it's practically a congenital disorder with me.;Molly Ivins;funny
It's funny how intimate it feels to get a text.;Sophie Ellis Bextor;funny
I knew exactly what to do on Alien, it was funny.;Ridley Scott;funny
I come more to Scotland than I ever used to, so I feel more connected to it, more part of the zeitgeist. You know when you realize you have a choice and I'm choosing my homeland. It's funny: when you get older these things creep up to you.;Alan Cumming;funny
It's funny, because when you're younger you're in a rush to be 18 or 21 or whatever. But then you hit 30. And now, the days go by like hours. You think, 40, man, this could be the halfway point. It could be the three-quarters point, you know? Who knows?;Mark Wahlberg;funny
I'm one of those hovering mothers and I know it's really important to have an independent child, so I'm trying to back off, but it's hard. I love him so much, and he's so funny and cute to me.;Selma Blair;funny
I actually was class clown, but I don't know how that happened because I've never been considered an outwardly funny person-as the people in this room will attest.;Janeane Garofalo;funny
I actually was class clown, but I don't know how that happened because I've never been considered an outwardly funny person.;Janeane Garofalo;funny
Comedy is surprises, so if you're intending to make somebody laugh and they don't laugh, that's funny.;Norm MacDonald;funny
Scream was great for what it was. For a horror film, it was intelligent, it was funny, it took a laugh at itself.;Neve Campbell;funny
When I was a kid, I wanted to be serious, like Daniel Day-Lewis. No one really dreams of being a comic actor, do they? Now I realise how stupid that is - and it's because comic acting isn't taken seriously enough. It's a discipline. You know instantly - either you're funny and getting the laughs, or you're not.;Chris O'Dowd;funny
I think there's something in the fact that it's hard to be good looking and funny. You have to have an oddball quality people have to sympathise with you to find you funny.;Chris O'Dowd;funny
One of the things I like about acting is that, in a funny way, I come back to myself.;Bill Murray;funny
For a Catholic kid in parochial school, the only way to survive the beatings - by classmates, not the nuns - was to be the funny guy.;George A. Romero;funny
It's sort of an action flick. You can't be that funny trying to steal diamonds.;Anthony Anderson;funny
I do find comedy difficult. I don't know why. Maybe I think about it too much. There's a tremendous amount of pressure to be funny.;Michelle Pfeiffer;funny
I think sometimes my humor is extremely dry, and a lot of times I would say things that I thought were very funny but... I have a reputation of - people think of me as a very fundamentalist, humorless fellow.;Ian MacKaye;funny
I don't dismiss the music that I was involved with, I don't think it was a joke, I don't think it was funny or a phase, I don't think it was just something I was doing back then, to me it was who I am. It connects all the way through. I don't distance myself from any of it.;Ian MacKaye;funny
Even as a kid I was never the generator of humor, but I always knew who was funny, who to hang out with.;Andrew Stanton;funny
