Architecture theory is very interesting.;David Byrne;architecture
Today's developer is a poor substitute for the committed entrepreneur of the last century for whom the work of architecture represented a chance to celebrate the worth of his enterprise.;Arthur Erickson;architecture
Rationalism is the enemy of art, though necessary as a basis for architecture.;Arthur Erickson;architecture
When you look at Japanese traditional architecture, you have to look at Japanese culture and its relationship with nature. You can actually live in a harmonious, close contact with nature - this very unique to Japan.;Tadao Ando;architecture
I would have liked maybe to be in architecture or painting, something connected to the fine arts.;Catherine Deneuve;architecture
The principle of the Gothic architecture is infinity made imaginable.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;architecture
Consider the momentous event in architecture when the wall parted and the column became.;Louis Kahn;architecture
Architecture and building is about how you get around the obstacles that are presented to you. That sometimes determines how successful you'll be: How good are you at going around obstacles?;Jeremy Renner;architecture
I could have been an architect, but I don't think I'd have been very happy. Nearly all modern architecture is a silly game as far as I can see.;Roger Waters;architecture
I see music as fluid architecture.;Joni Mitchell;architecture
Architecture doesn't come from theory. You don't think your way through a building.;Arthur Erickson;architecture
Does an architecture to assuage the spirit have a place?;Arthur Erickson;architecture
The new architecture of transparency and lightness comes from Japan and Europe.;Arthur Erickson;architecture
The way of architecture is the quiet voice that underlies it and has guided it from the beginning.;Arthur Erickson;architecture
Vitality is radiated from exceptional art and architecture.;Arthur Erickson;architecture
We are stymied by regulations, limited choice and the threat of litigation. Neither consultants nor industry itself provide research which takes architecture forward.;Arthur Erickson;architecture
To work in architecture you are so much involved with society, with politics, with bureaucrats. It's a very complicated process to do large projects. You start to see the society, how it functions, how it works. Then you have a lot of criticism about how it works.;Ai Weiwei;architecture
If architecture is frozen music then music must be liquid architecture.;Quincy Jones;architecture
To create architecture is to put in order. Put what in order? Function and objects.;Le Corbusier;architecture
I probably spent the first 20 years of my life wanting to be as American as possible. Through my 20s, and into my 30s, I began to become aware of how so much of my art and architecture has a decidedly Eastern character.;Maya Lin;architecture
I left science, then I went into art, but I approach things very analytically. I choose to pursue both art and architecture as completely separate fields rather than merging them.;Maya Lin;architecture
The process I go through in the art and the architecture, I actually want it to be almost childlike. Sometimes I think it's magical.;Maya Lin;architecture
In art or architecture your project is only done when you say it's done. If you want to rip it apart at the eleventh hour and start all over again, you never finish. I was one of those crazy creatures.;Maya Lin;architecture
I loved logic, math, computer programming. I loved systems and logic approaches. And so I just figured architecture is this perfect combination.;Maya Lin;architecture
Art is very tricky because it's what you do for yourself. It's much harder for me to make those works than the monuments or the architecture.;Maya Lin;architecture
In my early 20s I was so miserable doing construction, I wanted something that paid money. I liked nice stuff. I liked cars and architecture, and things that cost money. I wanted to not swing a hammer, and make money... and not do stuff that was dirty. I attempted to get into comedy. I started to do stand-up, but I wasn't very good at it.;Adam Carolla;architecture
I'm drawn to furniture design as complete architecture on a minor scale.;Brad Pitt;architecture
The British political system and the whole clapped out Westminster architecture, and the language that we use about politics, it's completely unsustainable. You either decide to be part of that transition to do something different. Or you cling to old certainties.;Nick Clegg;architecture
I got into this little habit of architecture and building. I designed a house in Colorado and one in Hawaii. The idea is supposed to be build and sell - but then I can never bring myself to sell them.;Trey Parker;architecture
The only job that was ever of interest to me other than filmmaking is architecture.;Christopher Nolan;architecture
I would like my architecture to inspire people to use their own resources, to move into the future.;Tadao Ando;architecture
Any architectural project we do takes at least four or five years, so increasingly there is a discrepancy between the acceleration of culture and the continuing slowness of architecture.;Rem Koolhaas;architecture
Architecture, of all the arts, is the one which acts the most slowly, but the most surely, on the soul.;Ernest Dimnet;architecture
In architecture the idea degenerated. Design allows a more direct and pleasurable route.;Charles Eames;architecture
Post-Modernism was a reaction against Modernism. It came quite early to music and literature, and a little later to architecture. And I think it's still coming to computer science.;Larry Wall;architecture
Liquid architecture. It's like jazz - you improvise, you work together, you play off each other, you make something, they make something. And I think it's a way of - for me, it's a way of trying to understand the city, and what might happen in the city.;Frank Gehry;architecture
I see the Beijing National Stadium as an architectural project. I accepted Herzog and De Meuron's invitation to collaborate on the design, and our proposal won the competition. From beginning to end, I stayed with the project. I am committed to fostering relationships between a city and its architecture.;Ai Weiwei;architecture
The building of the architecture of a novel - the craft of it - is something I never tire of.;John Irving;architecture
I strive for an architecture from which nothing can be taken away.;Helmut Jahn;architecture
It's my goal to make a building as immaterial as possible. Architecture is a very material thing. It takes a lot of resources, so why not eliminate what you don't need as long as you're able to achieve the same result?;Helmut Jahn;architecture
The American attitude towards efficiency and execution should always underlie architecture.;Helmut Jahn;architecture
The architecture profession has lost a lot of its integrity, especially in the USA. The general architect here has no scruples, no ambitions.;Helmut Jahn;architecture
I'd like to do a lot of things - whether in design or architecture or business.;Caroline Wozniacki;architecture
So what we have tried to do in our later buildings is to try to be completely consistent, as a painter is consistent or as a sculptor is consistent. Architecture also must be very consistent.;Minoru Yamasaki;architecture
Japanese architecture is very much copied in this country and in Europe.;Minoru Yamasaki;architecture
If you examine this, I think that you will find that it's the mechanics of Japanese architecture that have been thought of as the direct influence upon our architecture.;Minoru Yamasaki;architecture
If a building becomes architecture, then it is art.;Arne Jacobsen;architecture
Victorian architecture in the United States was copied straight from England.;Stephen Gardiner;architecture
The logic of Palladian architecture presented an aesthetic formula which could be applied universally.;Stephen Gardiner;architecture
The English light is so very subtle, so very soft and misty, that the architecture responded with great delicacy of detail.;Stephen Gardiner;architecture
The Egyptian contribution to architecture was more concerned with remembering the dead than the living.;Stephen Gardiner;architecture
Of all the lessons most relevant to architecture today, Japanese flexibility is the greatest.;Stephen Gardiner;architecture
Georgian architecture respected the scale of both the individual and the community.;Stephen Gardiner;architecture
French architecture always manages to combine the most magnificent underlying themes of architecture like Roman design, it looks to the community.;Stephen Gardiner;architecture
Japanese traditional architecture is created based on these conditions. This is the reason you have a very high degree of connection between the outside and inside in architecture.;Tadao Ando;architecture
The speed of change makes you wonder what will become of architecture.;Tadao Ando;architecture
Without this spirit, Modernist architecture cannot fully exist. Since there is often a mismatch between the logic and the spirit of Modernism, I use architecture to reconcile the two.;Tadao Ando;architecture
Italy is full of historical buildings. And Europe holds a great history of philosophy from Greece until today. I read all those books and see these buildings, and I think of where I stand when I design my architecture.;Tadao Ando;architecture
All those involved in the construction of an architectural design, from the architect to the builder, have an attachment to the architecture, although it's difficult to quantify the attachment.;Tadao Ando;architecture
Japanese architecture is traditionally based on wooden structures that need renovating on a regular basis.;Tadao Ando;architecture
Spiritual space is lost in gaining convenience. I saw the need to create a mixture of Japanese spiritual culture and modern western architecture.;Tadao Ando;architecture
People can inhabit anything. And they can be miserable in anything and ecstatic in anything. More and more I think that architecture has nothing to do with it. Of course, that's both liberating and alarming.;Rem Koolhaas;architecture
Until the Eighties, Oslo was a rather boring town, but it's changed a lot, and is now much more cosmopolitan. If I go downtown, I visit the harbour to see the tall ships and the ferries, and to admire the modern architecture such as the Opera House or the new Astrup Fearnley Museum on the water's edge.;Jo Nesbo;architecture
Every time a student walks past a really urgent, expressive piece of architecture that belongs to his college, it can help reassure him that he does have that mind, does have that soul.;Louis Kahn;architecture
I believe very strongly, and have fought since many years ago - at least over 30 years ago - to get architecture not just within schools, but architecture talked about under history, geography, science, technology, art.;Richard Rogers;architecture
My house is my refuge, an emotional piece of architecture, not a cold piece of convenience.;Luis Barragan;architecture
We all love musical architecture there's no doubt about that.;Levon Helm;architecture
Architecture in general is frozen music.;Friedrich von Schelling;architecture
Painting, sculpture and architecture are finished, but the art habit continues.;Robert Smithson;architecture
Bridges are perhaps the most invisible form of public architecture.;Bruce Jackson;architecture
Look, architecture has a lot of places to hide behind, a lot of excuses. 'The client made me do this.' 'The city made me do this.' 'Oh, the budget.' I don't believe that anymore.;Frank Gehry;architecture
In fact, it will be very easy to climb the building because of its shape and architecture.;Alain Robert;architecture
Charles was very intent to use his years as Prince of Wales to make his mark while he still had freedom of maneuver that he wouldn't have as King. The first subject he really went for was architecture. It made an impact.;Anthony Holden;architecture
It was the drawing that led me to architecture, the search for light and astonishing forms.;Oscar Niemeyer;architecture
I search for surprise in my architecture. A work of art should cause the emotion of newness.;Oscar Niemeyer;architecture
Trying to describe something musical is like dancing to architecture, it's really difficult.;Robert Palmer;architecture
Of the individual poems, some are more lyric and some are more descriptive or narrative. Each poem is fixed in a moment. All those moments written or read together take on the movement and architecture of a narrative.;Marilyn Hacker;architecture
I don't know why I've always been so captivated by architecture.;Tim Gunn;architecture
The two elements the traveler first captures in the big city are extra human architecture and furious rhythm. Geometry and anguish.;Federico Garcia Lorca;architecture
But I absolutely believe that architecture is a social activity that has to do with some sort of communication or places of interaction, and that to change the environment is to change behaviour.;Thom Mayne;architecture
Architecture is inhabited sculpture.;Constantin Brancusi;architecture
And when an architect has designed a house with large windows, which is a necessity today in order to pull the daylight into these very deep houses, then curtains come to play a big role in architecture.;Arne Jacobsen;architecture
I don't see that any buildings should be excluded from the term architecture, as long as they are done properly.;Arne Jacobsen;architecture
If architecture had nothing to do with art, it would be astonishingly easy to build houses, but the architect's task - his most difficult task - is always that of selecting.;Arne Jacobsen;architecture
In addressing a task, one almost always has several possible options, sometimes only a few, and they may all be practical and functional. But they lack the aesthetic aspect that raises it to architecture.;Arne Jacobsen;architecture
If architecture is, as is sometimes said, music set in concrete, then football and basketball may be said to be creativity embodied in team sports.;Michael Mandelbaum;architecture
The architecture of a story can be a little bit different if it's a true story.;Joel Coen;architecture
Chicago is known for good steaks, expensive stores and beautiful architecture. Unfortunately, the Windy City also enjoys a reputation for corrupt politics, violent crime, and some of the strictest gun control laws anywhere in the country.;Bob Barr;architecture
We think of enterprise architecture as the process we use for fully describing and mapping business functionality and business requirements and relating them to information systems requirements.;Tony Scott;architecture
Escape from the architecture ghetto is one of the major drivers and has been from the very beginning.;Rem Koolhaas;architecture
The intellectual force of the West is still dominant, but other cultures are getting stronger. I expect that we will develop a new way of thinking in architecture and urban planning, and that less will be based on our models.;Rem Koolhaas;architecture
People kind of tend to mystify design and architecture by suggesting you need to train.;Marc Newson;architecture
I mean, certainly writing, painting, photography, dance, architecture, there is an aspect of almost every art form that is useful and that merges into film in some way.;Sydney Pollack;architecture
I could be happy doing something like architecture. It would involve another couple of years of graduate school, but that's what I studied in college. That's what I always wanted to do.;Parker Stevenson;architecture
My interest in architecture has always been sculptural. Most of my photography is of architecture.;Parker Stevenson;architecture
Architecture is a science arising out of many other sciences, and adorned with much and varied learning by the help of which a judgment is formed of those works which are the result of other arts.;Marcus V. Pollio;architecture
Of course I know very little about architecture, and the older I get the less I know.;Richard Rogers;architecture
Architecture is about public space held by buildings.;Richard Rogers;architecture
Architecture is a slow business, and city planning even slower.;Richard Rogers;architecture
