I've written for every medium except poetry, at which I suck.;J. Michael Straczynski;poetry
Poetry is what we turn to in the most emotional moments of our life - when a beloved friend dies, when a baby is born or when we fall in love.;Erica Jong;poetry
Only in dreams, in poetry, in play do we sometimes arrive at what we were before we were this thing that, who knows, we are.;Julio Cortazar;poetry
You know, bad poetry I wrote in high school can still be found on the Internet, and, you know, there's a Web log of our college newspaper. You know, there's so many different stages of my creative development are sort of on-record if somebody were to choose to look for them.;Lena Dunham;poetry
It's something we, guys, have all done. Made tapes for girls, trying to impress them, to meet them on a shared plane of aesthetics. Read them someone else's poetry because they do poetry better than you could do it, because you're too awkward to do it.;John Cusack;poetry
You know, people speak in poetry all the time. They just don't realize it.;Sherman Alexie;poetry
I always wrote poetry and stuff like that, so putting songs together wasn't that spectacular.;Amy Winehouse;poetry
Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully on canvas or write wonderful poetry. I like making deals, preferably big deals. That's how I get my kicks.;Edward Koch;poetry
Poetry is not an expression of the party line. It's that time of night, lying in bed, thinking what you really think, making the private world public, that's what the poet does.;Allen Ginsberg;poetry
One difference between poetry and lyrics is that lyrics sort of fade into the background. They fade on the page and live on the stage when set to music.;Stephen Sondheim;poetry
The cloning of humans is on most of the lists of things to worry about from Science, along with behaviour control, genetic engineering, transplanted heads, computer poetry and the unrestrained growth of plastic flowers.;Lewis Thomas;poetry
When I was younger, I felt it was my duty to wake people up. I thought poetry was asleep. I thought rock 'n' roll was asleep.;Patti Smith;poetry
I came into music because I thought the presentation of poetry wasn't vibrant enough. So I merged improvised poetry with basic rock chords.;Patti Smith;poetry
What I wanted to do in rock 'n roll was merge poetry with sonic scapes, and the two people who had contributed so much to that were Jimi Hendrix and Jim Morrison.;Patti Smith;poetry
Poetry is so vital to us until school spoils it.;Russell Baker;poetry
Anticipating that most poetry will be worse than carrying heavy luggage through O'Hare Airport, the public, to its loss, reads very little of it.;Russell Baker;poetry
I think there are things in my story that have helped my creativity. Your father being killed, for instance, is one of the best things that could happen to a kid if he's going to write poetry or songs.;Roger Waters;poetry
Poetry is a political act because it involves telling the truth.;June Jordan;poetry
Money is a kind of poetry.;Wallace Stevens;poetry
Everything is complicated if that were not so, life and poetry and everything else would be a bore.;Wallace Stevens;poetry
My films are an extension of my poetry, using the white screen like the white page to be filled with images.;James Broughton;poetry
Poetry for me is as much a spiritual practice as sexual ecstasy is.;James Broughton;poetry
You pick up loads of baggage with your first record with reaction to it from fans and critics. So I went to Ireland by myself for a couple of weeks with my guitar. I read lots of poetry, I read Patti Smith's autobiography and started words and phrases and then songs started to take shape.;Ellie Goulding;poetry
Poetry is the language we speak in the most terrifying or ecstatic passages of our lives. But the very word poetry scares people. They think of their grade school teachers reciting 'Hiawatha' and they groan.;Erica Jong;poetry
I thought to spend my declining years writing poetry and teaching - but that won't pay the Bergdorf's bill. I think I'll move to somewhere life is cheaper.;Erica Jong;poetry
The flower is the poetry of reproduction. It is an example of the eternal seductiveness of life.;Jean Giraudoux;poetry
You know, in my music career there was a moment where the irony was just so heavy. There were people in my audience that were the reason I developed neuroses. These people that tortured my life were using my art, my poetry, as fuel for them, to torture other people.;Fred Durst;poetry
Poetry is adolescence fermented, and thus preserved.;Jose Ortega y Gasset;poetry
The subject of Finnish poetry ought to have a special interest for the Japanese student, if only for the reason that Finnish poetry comes more closely in many respects to Japanese poetry than any other form of Western poetry.;Lafcadio Hearn;poetry
But every great scripture, whether Hebrew, Indian, Persian, or Chinese, apart from its religious value will be found to have some rare and special beauty of its own and in this respect the original Bible stands very high as a monument of sublime poetry and of artistic prose.;Lafcadio Hearn;poetry
Poetry and music are very good friends. Like mommies and daddies and strawberries and cream - they go together.;Nikki Giovanni;poetry
It's always a combination of physics and poetry that I find inspiring. It's hard to wrap your head around things like the Hubble scope.;Tom Hanks;poetry
Solitude gives birth to the original in us, to beauty unfamiliar and perilous - to poetry. But also, it gives birth to the opposite: to the perverse, the illicit, the absurd.;Thomas Mann;poetry
I want to promote poetry to the point where you got all the baldhead kids running around doing poetry, getting the music out of the way and having only words, the spoken word, and then see what happens.;Russell Simmons;poetry
Poetry lies its way to the truth.;John Ciardi;poetry
If a poem is not memorable, there's probably something wrong. One of the problems of free verse is that much of the free verse poetry is not memorable.;Robert Morgan;poetry
Maybe it is something to do with age, but I have become fonder of poetry than of prose.;Aung San Suu Kyi;poetry
Living here on Earth, we breathe the rhythms of a universe that extends infinitely above us. When resonant harmonies arise between this vast outer cosmos and the inner human cosmos, poetry is born.;Daisaku Ikeda;poetry
When I arrived at Columbia, I gave up acting and became interested in all things French. French poetry, French history, French literature.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;poetry
There is something about poetry beyond prose logic, there is mystery in it, not to be explained but admired.;Edward Young;poetry
Colloquial poetry is to the real art as the barber's wax dummy is to sculpture.;Ezra Pound;poetry
If food is poetry, is not poetry also food?;Joyce Carol Oates;poetry
Poetry is really a way of sharing feelings and ideas.;Caroline Kennedy;poetry
The biggest problem is people are afraid of poetry, think they can't understand it or that it will be boring.;Caroline Kennedy;poetry
I never thought I'd be doing poetry books. I never really studied poetry. But the first one I did was after my mother died, and I realized that people sort of think and talk about her style and fashion, but in fact, what made her the person she was was really her love of reading and ideas.;Caroline Kennedy;poetry
My dad is a Jack Nicholson lookalike and a frustrated performer, my mother's into reading and poetry. I suppose the thing I owe them most is my confidence.;Michael Sheen;poetry
I've written poetry since I was in the first grade, and it wasn't until I was a little bit older that I realized poetry could be put to music and become a song.;Jordin Sparks;poetry
Rap is poetry set to music. But to me it's like a jackhammer.;Bette Midler;poetry
With several different kinds of poetry to choose from, a man would decide that he would like best to be an epic poet, and he would set out, in conscious determination, on an epic poem.;Lascelles Abercrombie;poetry
Most people read poetry listening for echoes because the echoes are familiar to them. They wade through it the way a boy wades through water, feeling with his toes for the bottom: The echoes are the bottom.;Wallace Stevens;poetry
In poetry, you must love the words, the ideas and the images and rhythms with all your capacity to love anything at all.;Wallace Stevens;poetry
If poetry should address itself to the same needs and aspirations, the same hopes and fears, to which the Bible addresses itself, it might rival it in distribution.;Wallace Stevens;poetry
When I was in college, I used to write little ditties and short stories and poetry for my friends. Writing a book is another thing. It is so much different from my traditional day of dirty fingernails and greasy hair and hot pans.;Mario Batali;poetry
For my part, if I consider poetry as an object, I maintain that it is born of the necessity of adding a vocal sound (speech) to the hammering of the first tribal music.;Eugenio Montale;poetry
Perhaps no person can be a poet, or even enjoy poetry, without a certain unsoundness of mind.;Thomas B. Macaulay;poetry
I was one of those dark, quiet kids that wrote poetry.;Rick Springfield;poetry
Stylized acting and direction is to realistic acting and direction as poetry is to prose.;Elia Kazan;poetry
The library was open for one hour after school let out. I hid there, looking at art books and reading poetry.;Lynda Barry;poetry
A theology should be like poetry, which takes us to the end of what words and thoughts can do.;Karen Armstrong;poetry
In fact, in lyric poetry, truthfulness becomes recognizable as a ring of truth within the medium itself.;Seamus Heaney;poetry
Poetry is always slightly mysterious, and you wonder what is your relationship to it.;Seamus Heaney;poetry
Poetry is like a bird, it ignores all frontiers.;Yevgeny Yevtushenko;poetry
My mother asked me what I wanted for my birthday, so I said I wanted to read poetry with her.;Guy Johnson;poetry
An age which is incapable of poetry is incapable of any kind of literature except the cleverness of a decadence.;Raymond Chandler;poetry
My subject is War, and the pity of War. The Poetry is in the pity.;Wilfred Owen;poetry
So it is in poetry. All we ask is that the mood recorded shall impress us as having been of the kind that exhausts the imaginative capacity if it fails to do this the failure will announce itself either in prose or in insignificant verse.;John Drinkwater;poetry
In my late teenage years, I developed a real passion for it, and wrote a lot of poetry.;Danielle Steel;poetry
Poetry is the exquisite expression of exquisite expressions.;Joseph Roux;poetry
It takes most men five years to recover from a college education, and to learn that poetry is as vital to thinking as knowledge.;Brooks Atkinson;poetry
A lot happens by accident in poetry.;Howard Nemerov;poetry
I think there was a revolution in poetry, associated chiefly with Eliot and Pound but maybe it is of the nature of revolutions or of the nature of history that their innovations should later come to look trivial or indistinguishable from technical tricks.;Howard Nemerov;poetry
I've never read a political poem that's accomplished anything. Poetry makes things happen, but rarely what the poet wants.;Howard Nemerov;poetry
Marriage - a book of which the first chapter is written in poetry and the remaining chapters in prose.;Beverley Nichols;poetry
The world is full of poetry. The air is living with its spirit and the waves dance to the music of its melodies, and sparkle in its brightness.;James Gates Percival;poetry
I like the beauty of Faulkner's poetry. But I don't like his themes, not at all.;Manuel Puig;poetry
Poetry is simply the most beautiful, impressive, and widely effective mode of saying things.;Matthew Arnold;poetry
As for how criticism of Keats' poetry relates to criticism of my own work, I'll leave that for others to decide.;Jane Campion;poetry
I have to admit that I had a lot of problems with poetry.;Jane Campion;poetry
And, I mean, I think poetry does need to be met to some extent, especially, I guess, 19th century poetry, and for me, it's just been so worth the effort. It's like I'm planting a garden in my head.;Jane Campion;poetry
Poetry is rather an approach to things, to life, than it is typographical production.;Joseph Brodsky;poetry
Written poetry is worth reading once, and then should be destroyed. Let the dead poets make way for others.;Antonin Artaud;poetry
Poetry is the deification of reality.;Edith Sitwell;poetry
While also, importantly, not wanting to dumb it down or pretend the days of 'difficult' poetry are over, because we live in a pluralist culture and there's room for 'difficult' poetry alongside rap and everything else. And poetry won't be for everyone, but everyone should have the choice.;Andrew Motion;poetry
I'm not a great poetry fan.;Rupert Everett;poetry
I try to show what it is about language and music that enthralls, because I think those are the two elements of poetry.;Rita Dove;poetry
Have you ever heard a good joke? If you've ever heard someone just right, with the right pacing, then you're already on the way to poetry. It's about using words in very precise ways and using gesture.;Rita Dove;poetry
Instead of trying to come up and pontificate on what literature is, you need to talk with children, to teachers, and make sure they get poetry in the curriculum early.;Rita Dove;poetry
There are distinct duties of a poet laureate. I plan a reading series at the Library of Congress and advise the librarian. The rest is how I want to promote poetry.;Rita Dove;poetry
I was apprehensive. I feared every time I talked about poetry, it would be filtered through the lens of race, sex, and age.;Rita Dove;poetry
I see a resurgence of interest in poetry. I am less optimistic about the prospects for the arts when it comes to federal funding.;Rita Dove;poetry
The poetry that sustains me is when I feel that, for a minute, the clouds have parted and I've seen ecstasy or something.;Rita Dove;poetry
By the general process of epic poetry, I mean the way this form of art has constantly responded to the profound needs of the society in which it was made.;Lascelles Abercrombie;poetry
Epic poetry exhibits life in some great symbolic attitude. It cannot strictly be said to symbolize life itself, but always some manner of life.;Lascelles Abercrombie;poetry
If epic poetry is a definite species, the sagas do not fall within it.;Lascelles Abercrombie;poetry
That is to say, epic poetry has been invented many times and independently but, as the needs which prompted the invention have been broadly similar, so the invention itself has been.;Lascelles Abercrombie;poetry
The reason can only be this: heroic poetry depends on an heroic age, and an age is heroic because of what it is, not because of what it does.;Lascelles Abercrombie;poetry
Traditional matter must be glorified, since it would be easier to listen to the re-creation of familiar stories than to quite new and unexpected things the listeners, we must remember, needed poetry chiefly as the re-creation of tired hours.;Lascelles Abercrombie;poetry
Rap is poetry to music, like beatniks without beards and bongos.;David Lee Roth;poetry
I really enjoy English and poetry and writing classes.;Taylor Momsen;poetry
