Use your gifts faithfully, and they shall be enlarged practice what you know, and you shall attain to higher knowledge.;Matthew Arnold;knowledge
Very few beings really seek knowledge in this world. Mortal or immortal, few really ASK. On the contrary, they try to wring from the unknown the answers they have already shaped in their own minds.;Anne Rice;knowledge
My musical knowledge is so bad it's embarrassing. When composers discuss music with someone as primitive as myself, they have to talk about it in terms of senses and emotion, rather than keys and tempo.;Jane Campion;knowledge
My advice to women in general: Even if you're doing a nine-to-five job, treat yourself like a boss. Not arrogant, but be sure of what you want - and don't allow people to run anything for you without your knowledge.;Nicki Minaj;knowledge
The knowledge of the realm of death makes it possible for the shaman to move freely back and forth and mediate these journeys for other people.;Stanislav Grof;knowledge
Imagine a world in which every single person on the planet is given free access to the sum of all human knowledge. That's what we're doing.;Jimmy Wales;knowledge
I think it's a mistake to treat different realms of knowledge as if they are some how fundamentally the same.;Jimmy Wales;knowledge
Have you heard of this new thing called the internet? It's giving people new expectations. It's allowing them to become their own expert. Knowledge lies anxious at their fingertips. Gloss over the truth in your advertising and you'll quickly be dismissed as a poser.;Roy H. Williams;knowledge
In order to the existence of such a ministry in the Church, there is requisite an authority received from God, and consequently power and knowledge imparted from God for the exercise of such ministry and where a man possesses these, although the bis.;John Wycliffe;knowledge
Once we know of atrocities we cannot remain silent, and knowledge inevitably leads to an urge to protect the innocent.;Azar Nafisi;knowledge
All wish to possess knowledge, but few, comparatively speaking, are willing to pay the price.;Juvenal;knowledge
A man can only attain knowledge with the help of those who possess it. This must be understood from the very beginning. One must learn from him who knows.;George Gurdjieff;knowledge
One of the greatest joys known to man is to take a flight into ignorance in search of knowledge.;Robert Staughton Lynd;knowledge
Security... it's simply the recognition that changes will take place and the knowledge that you're willing to deal with whatever happens.;Harry Browne;knowledge
Purity is not imposed upon us as though it were a kind of punishment, it is one of those mysterious but obvious conditions of that supernatural knowledge of ourselves in the Divine, which we speak of as faith. Impurity does not destroy this knowledge, it slays our need for it.;Georges Bernanos;knowledge
The shortest and surest way of arriving at real knowledge is to unlearn the lessons we have been taught, to mount the first principles, and take nobody's word about them.;Henry Bolingbroke;knowledge
The mathematical facts worthy of being studied are those which, by their analogy with other facts, are capable of leading us to the knowledge of a physical law.;Henri Poincare;knowledge
There's a period of life when we swallow a knowledge of ourselves and it becomes either good or sour inside.;Pearl Bailey;knowledge
I not only wanted to showcase lyrical skills but also continue to drop knowledge on the hiphop community. I'm looking to elevate through my music, and through my music I educate.;Talib Kweli;knowledge
You make knowledge relevant to life and you make it important for children to learn things that will really relate to things going on in their lives, and not abstract.;Talib Kweli;knowledge
The secret of improved plant breeding, apart from scientific knowledge, is love.;Luther Burbank;knowledge
You can do one of two things. You can bury you head in the sand and believe what everyone tells you - that you will always be that young, that thin and that fabulous. Or you can use all the things you have - talent, contacts, knowledge - and do something different.;Cat Deeley;knowledge
The knowledge of the theory of logic has no tendency whatever to make men good reasoners.;Thomas B. Macaulay;knowledge
To that class we may leave it to refine the vernacular dialects of the country, to enrich those dialects with terms of science borrowed from the Western nomenclature, and to render them by degrees fit vehicles for conveying knowledge to the great mass of the population.;Thomas B. Macaulay;knowledge
The age we live in is a busy age in which knowledge is rapidly advancing towards perfection.;Jeremy Bentham;knowledge
The understanding of art depends finally upon one's willingness to extend one's humanity and one's knowledge of human life.;Ralph Ellison;knowledge
The art and science of asking questions is the source of all knowledge.;Thomas Berger;knowledge
There is no knowledge, no light, no wisdom that you are in possession of, but what you have received it from some source.;Brigham Young;knowledge
So I think it is common knowledge that Hitchcock had fantasies or whatever you want to call them about his leading ladies.;Tippi Hedren;knowledge
It's much more interesting to watch someone who is ill-equipped to solve their problem fight to solve their problem than wallow in the knowledge that they're ill-equipped to solve their problems.;John Hawkes;knowledge
You go to college not only for the latest knowledge but also to meet people from different backgrounds. That's the genius of the American higher-education system compared with the Europeans'. We don't simply skim the elite.;Donna Shalala;knowledge
The world does not look to us in the Arab world out of a healthy desire for knowledge.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;knowledge
The most important seed I can sow in this life is my children, and the love and knowledge that I can bestow upon them and the help I can give them.;Steven Seagal;knowledge
Wisdom is the knowledge of good and evil, not the strength to choose between the two.;John Cheever;knowledge
There is no greater impediment to the advancement of knowledge than the ambiguity of words.;Thomas Reid;knowledge
No part of the world can be truly understood without a knowledge of its garment of vegetation, for this determines not only the nature of the animal inhabitants but also the occupations of the majority of human beings.;Ellsworth Huntington;knowledge
Real-life people are often the hardest to play, people that you recreate who have actually lived, because you have to live up to people's knowledge of those characters.;Derek Jacobi;knowledge
Knowledge is power, if you know it about the right person.;Ethel Watts Mumford;knowledge
With all the knowledge and skill acquired in thousands of flights in the last ten years, I would hardly think today of making my first flight on a strange machine in a twenty-seven mile wind, even if I knew that the machine had already been flown and was safe.;Orville Wright;knowledge
You should not ask questions without knowledge.;W. Edwards Deming;knowledge
Lack of knowledge... that is the problem.;W. Edwards Deming;knowledge
But the scientific importance of a change in knowledge of fact consists precisely in j its having consequences for a system of theory.;Talcott Parsons;knowledge
From all this it follows what the general character of the problem of the development of a body of scientific knowledge is, in so far as it depends on elements internal to science itself.;Talcott Parsons;knowledge
It is probably safe to say that all the changes of factual knowledge which have led to the relativity theory, resulting in a very great theoretical development, are completely trivial from any point of view except their relevance to the structure of a theoretical system.;Talcott Parsons;knowledge
It is that of increasing knowledge of empirical fact, intimately combined with changing interpretations of this body of fact - hence changing general statements about it - and, not least, a changing a structure of the theoretical system.;Talcott Parsons;knowledge
The hypothesis may be put forward, to be tested by the s subsequent investigation, that this development has been in large part a matter of the reciprocal interaction of new factual insights and knowledge on the one hand with changes in the theoretical system on the other.;Talcott Parsons;knowledge
The implications of these considerations justify the statement that all empirically verifiable knowledge even the commonsense knowledge of everyday life - involves implicitly, if not explicitly, systematic theory in this sense.;Talcott Parsons;knowledge
The past is a source of knowledge, and the future is a source of hope. Love of the past implies faith in the future.;Stephen Ambrose;knowledge
In a world in which the total of human knowledge is doubling about every ten years, our security can rest only on our ability to learn.;Nathaniel Branden;knowledge
On the basis of biological, sociological, and historical knowledge, we should recognize that the individual self is subject to death or decay, but the sum total of individual achievement, for better or worse, lives on in the immortality of The Larger.;Hu Shih;knowledge
I had a non-existent knowledge of Queen Victoria's early years. Like everyone else, I thought of her as an old lady dressed in black. My mom had told me about her, though, that she had a very loving relationship with Albert, that they had lots of kids, and that he died young.;Emily Blunt;knowledge
We have a hunger of the mind which asks for knowledge of all around us, and the more we gain, the more is our desire the more we see, the more we are capable of seeing.;Maria Mitchell;knowledge
Hitherto I have courted Truth with a kind of Romantick Passion, in spite of all Difficulties and Discouragements: for knowledge is thought so unnecessary an Accomplishment for a Woman, that few will give themselves the Trouble to assist us in the Attainment of it.;Mary Astell;knowledge
We all agree that its fit to be as Happy as we can, and we need no Instructor to teach us this Knowledge, 'tis born with us, and is inseparable from our Being, but we very much need to be Inform'd what is the true Way to Happiness.;Mary Astell;knowledge
Adam knew Eve his wife and she conceived. It is a pity that this is still the only knowledge of their wives at which some men seem to arrive.;F. H. Bradley;knowledge
There's no such thing is aging, but maturing and knowledge. It's beautiful, I call that beauty.;Celine Dion;knowledge
Our problem, from the point of view of psychology and from the point of view of genetic epistemology, is to explain how the transition is made from a lower level of knowledge to a level that is judged to be higher.;Jean Piaget;knowledge
To express the same idea in still another way, I think that human knowledge is essentially active.;Jean Piaget;knowledge
I thought they may have presumed too much knowledge of certain things for people who are not comedians. Like Montreal. A comic understands what it is and its importance, but someone else may not know about it.;Todd Barry;knowledge
Imagine someone holding forth on biology whose only knowledge of the subject is 'The Book of British Birds,' and you have a rough idea of what it feels like to read Richard Dawkins on theology.;Terry Eagleton;knowledge
To my knowledge, I was the first guy really to do what I do. And then later on different comedians started trying doing it.;Don Rickles;knowledge
Real knowledge, like everything else of value, is not to be obtained easily. It must be worked for, studied for, thought for, and, more that all, must be prayed for.;Thomas Arnold;knowledge
I fantasize about going back to high school with the knowledge I have now. I would shine. I would have a good time, I would have a girlfriend. I think that's where a lot of my pain comes from. I think I never had any teenage years to go back to.;Spalding Gray;knowledge
Books minister to our knowledge, to our guidance, and to our delight, by their truth, their uprightness, and their art.;George Henry Lewes;knowledge
The minuses of celebrity include having to live with security and the knowledge that you may be stalked.;Enya;knowledge
The general knowledge of time on the island depends, curiously enough, on the direction of the wind.;John Millington Synge;knowledge
If you desire information on some point of law, you are not likely to ponder over the ponderous tomes of legal writers in order to obtain the knowledge you seek, by your own unaided efforts.;Felix Adler;knowledge
A quest for knowledge is not a war with faith spirituality is not usually an infelicitous amalgam of superstition and philistinism and moral relativism, taken outside midfield, leads inexorably both to heresy and to secular wickedness, which are often identical.;Conrad Black;knowledge
The greater the step forward in knowledge, the greater is the one taken backward in search of wisdom.;Stephen Gardiner;knowledge
You cannot simply put something new into a place. You have to absorb what you see around you, what exists on the land, and then use that knowledge along with contemporary thinking to interpret what you see.;Tadao Ando;knowledge
Without a knowledge of mythology much of the elegant literature of our own language cannot be understood and appreciated.;Thomas Bulfinch;knowledge
With our knowledge of modern-day genetics, we realize that it was possible for God to place the potential for all people throughout history into the genes of Adam and Eve when He created them.;Walter Lang;knowledge
This persistence as private firms continued because it ensured the maximum of anonymity and secrecy to persons of tremendous public power who dreaded public knowledge of their activities as an evil almost as great as inflation.;Carroll Quigley;knowledge
Knowledge of other people's beliefs and ways of thinking must be used to build bridges, not to create conflicts.;Kjell Magne Bondevik;knowledge
The Founders believed liberty came directly from God. With their knowledge of Scripture, they knew each child was made in the image of God. That is why everyone had dignity, value and worth.;Gary Bauer;knowledge
Heroes to me are guys that sit in libraries. They absorb knowledge and then the risks they take are calculated on the basis of the courage it took to become replete with knowledge.;William Hurt;knowledge
I gained direct knowledge of the life of the poor in big towns: I have lived the narrowing mechanism of its conditioning and feared it.;Ella Maillart;knowledge
The courage of a soldier is heightened by his knowledge of his profession.;Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus;knowledge
If information and knowledge are central to democracy, they are conditions for development.;Kofi Annan;knowledge
Knowledge is a weapon. I intend to be formidably armed.;Terry Goodkind;knowledge
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.;Frank Herbert;knowledge
Many people make the mistake of confusing information with knowledge. They are not the same thing. Knowledge involves the interpretation of information. Knowledge involves listening.;Henning Mankell;knowledge
I noticed a lot of guitar players neglected the rhythm part of rhythm guitar and decided I would try to focus in that. As my skill and knowledge of the instrument grew, I found lead started to come naturally. Sometimes I play guitar like a frustrated drummer. Ha ha!;Hal Sparks;knowledge
Basically I was a rebel growing up. I got kicked out of six schools. But I don't think that it makes you less of an intellect. You know, if you ever crave knowledge, there's always a library.;Michelle Rodriguez;knowledge
The thing with film and theater is that you always know the story so you can play certain cues in each scene with the knowledge that you know where the story's going to end and how it's going to go. But on television nobody knows what's going to happen, even the writers.;Alan Cumming;knowledge
The real difference between a man's scientific judgments about himself and the judgment of others about him is he has added sources of knowledge.;Edward Thorndike;knowledge
It has been a privilege to pursue knowledge for its own sake and to see how it might help mankind in more practical ways.;Paul Nurse;knowledge
I was one of the first generations to watch television. TV exposes people to news, to information, to knowledge, to entertainment. How is it bad?;Tom Clancy;knowledge
Exclusively oral cultures are unencumbered by dead knowledge, dead facts. Libraries, on the other hand, are full of them.;Huston Smith;knowledge
Fine art is knowledge made visible.;Gustave Courbet;knowledge
Anything that gives us new knowledge gives us an opportunity to be more rational.;Herbert Simon;knowledge
Do you remember when you found out you wouldn't live forever? People don't talk about this, but everybody had to go through it because you're not born with that knowledge.;David Cronenberg;knowledge
His knowledge of books had in some degree diminished his knowledge of the world.;William Shenstone;knowledge
This required the development of a view which allowed one to integrate research with belief, thing with person, fact with aesthetics, knowledge with application of knowledge.;Kenneth L. Pike;knowledge
An excessive knowledge of Marxism is a sign of a misspent youth.;John McCarthy;knowledge
Mediocre men often have the most acquired knowledge.;Claude Bernard;knowledge
Human dignity is better served by embracing knowledge.;John Charles Polanyi;knowledge
Scientia is knowledge. It is only in the popular mind that it is equated with facts.;John Charles Polanyi;knowledge
Others think it the responsibility of scientists to coerce the rest of society, because they have the power that derives from special knowledge.;John Charles Polanyi;knowledge
