I think the worst and most insidious procrastination for me is research. I will be looking for some bit of fact or figure to include in the novel, and before I know, I've wasted an entire morning delving into that subject matter without a word written.;James Rollins;morning
When I wake up in the morning, I just can't get started until I've had that first, piping hot pot of coffee. Oh, I've tried other enemas.;Emo Philips;morning
These flowers, which were splendid and sprightly, waking in the dawn of the morning, in the evening will be a pitiful frivolity, sleeping in the cold night's arms.;Pedro Calderon de la Barca;morning
My heart is singing for joy this morning! A miracle has happened! The light of understanding has shone upon my little pupil's mind, and behold, all things are changed!;Anne Sullivan;morning
I still, at hotel rooms, I do this one sort of not-so-cool thing: continually shoving my room service tray in front of someone else's door. Because I don't want the remnants. I don't want to be caught, like, being like the pig that I was at two in the morning.;Drew Barrymore;morning
To simply wake up every morning a better person than when I went to bed.;Sidney Poitier;morning
The less I behave like Whistler's mother the night before, the more I look like her the morning after.;Tallulah Bankhead;morning
I don't have to wait until the next morning to regret something I did that was kinda dumb.;Bobby Knight;morning
I've just finished my 20th book this past year and I'm working on my 21st book about the Middle East right now that I'll finish this year. And I get up early in the morning and when I get tired of the computer and tired of doing research, I walk 20 steps out to my woodshop and I either build furniture or paint paintings. I'm an artist too.;Jimmy Carter;morning
Fashion should be something that in the morning, when you open your window, you say, 'Oh fantastic, sun!' Then you take your shower, you say, 'OK fantastic, which colour I wear today because I feel happy?' This should be fashion.;Roberto Cavalli;morning
Every night when I go to bed, I hope that I may never wake again, and every morning renews my grief.;Franz Schubert;morning
I'm very happy with the way I look. I wake up some morning, catch myself in the bathroom mirror, and go, 'hey girl, you're alright'. But on the other hand, I find the website stuff, and the polls, something completely removed from my own personal life. You can't take anything like that too seriously, otherwise you'd end up in the loony bin.;Cameron Diaz;morning
One morning, just like 9/11, there's going to be a disaster. I have yet to see the United Nations do anything effective with either Iran or North Korea.;Newt Gingrich;morning
By Thursday morning, we'd gotten over the worst of it.;William Scranton;morning
I woke up this morning, and I still don't believe I won the Daytona 500.;Dale Earnhardt;morning
Swallow a toad in the morning and you will encounter nothing more disgusting the rest of the day.;Nicolas Chamfort;morning
I obviously take a lot of pride in what I do on the football field, because that has the ability to influence a lot of people. That puts smiles on people's faces. That gives people a pep in their step on Monday morning when they go back to work.;Drew Brees;morning
Autumn arrives in early morning, but spring at the close of a winter day.;Elizabeth Bowen;morning
I'm a very early riser, and I don't like to miss that beautiful early morning light.;David Hockney;morning
I draw flowers every day and send them to my friends so they get fresh blooms every morning.;David Hockney;morning
In the morning, I practice 15 minutes of yoga.;Vivienne Westwood;morning
There are pros and cons of experience. A con is that you can't look at the business with a fresh pair of eyes and as objectively as if you were a new CEO. Fire yourself on a Friday night and come in on Monday morning as if a search firm put you there as a turn-around leader. Can you be objective and make the bold change?;Andrea Jung;morning
Most of the time I spend when I get up in the morning is trying to figure out what is going to happen.;Madeleine Albright;morning
You know, I looked at my face in the mirror this morning, and I like being old. My face has more content and when I train in the gym now, I am not training to be strong or handsome - just better than I was yesterday. These days the race is just against myself.;Jean Claude Van Damme;morning
Every morning I wake up and thank God.;Aaron Neville;morning
I usually decide what to wear in the morning, but sometimes, I'll have a favorite coat or sweater or shoes, and I'll wear them everyday for a week!;Cameron Russell;morning
Making love in the morning got me through morning sickness. I found I could be happy and throw up at the same time.;Pamela Anderson;morning
I'm not an employee who goes to the office every morning at the same time. Then, vacations are needed.;Karl Lagerfeld;morning
I saw how many people were poor and how many kids my age went to school hungry in the morning, which I don't think most of my contemporaries in racially segregated schools in the South thought very much about at the time.;Charles Kuralt;morning
Your computer needn't be the first thing your see in the morning and the last thing you see at night.;Simon Mainwaring;morning
Acting is invigorating. But I don't analyse it too much. It's like a dog smelling where it's going to do its toilet in the morning.;Liam Neeson;morning
I do believe at the end of the night when you're with your family, the character gets hung up on the door like a coat, and is there to be taken on the next morning.;Liam Neeson;morning
As far as I'm concerned, the entire reason for becoming a writer is not having to get up in the morning.;Neil Gaiman;morning
You can't be as old as I am without waking up with a surprised look on your face every morning: 'Holy Christ, whaddya know - I'm still around!' It's absolutely amazing that I survived all the booze and smoking and the cars and the career.;Paul Newman;morning
It's wonderful to have the most important thing in the world there first thing in the morning. And especially in this business, where the opportunity to think everything is about you is there every day, now I really know that it isn't all about me.;Kate Beckinsale;morning
It didn't matter what you look like. You don't have to get up at 5:30 in the morning and there's a lot to be said for that. Corpse Bride can just play all my parts from now on and I'll just do the voice.;Helena Bonham Carter;morning
This morning, I went to wipe my hands on a tea towel, and while I was using it, it seemed like it felt a bit light. I unfolded it and realized my daughter had cut little bits out of it to make frocks for her dolls!;Emma Thompson;morning
It's a privilege to serve the poor, to be servants of noble Africans, but I better belong in the rehearsal room or in the studio with my band. That's where I want to be and I still wake up in the morning with melodies in my head.;Bono;morning
I've been keeping a diary for thirty-three years and write in it every morning. Most of it's just whining, but every so often there'll be something I can use later: a joke, a description, a quote. It's an invaluable aid when it comes to winning arguments. 'That's not what you said on February 3, 1996,' I'll say to someone.;David Sedaris;morning
I pray every night before I go to sleep and every morning when I wake up.;Demi Lovato;morning
Do you know how many calories are in butter and cheese and ice cream? Would you get your dog up in the morning for a cup of coffee and a donut?;Jack LaLanne;morning
But I try to steal other moments. Sometimes I get up very early in the morning and enjoy a quiet house and cup of tea before the craziness begins. Other times, I'll take a quick walk on the beach. You can find peace in a few minutes.;Cindy Crawford;morning
I'm actually one of those people who get up energetic in the morning.;Elizabeth Edwards;morning
I was taught that to create anything you had to believe in failure, simply because you had to be prepared to go through an idea without any fear. Failure, you learned, as I did in art school, to be a wonderful thing. It allowed you to get up in the morning and take the pillow off your head.;Malcolm Mclaren;morning
I became a musician so I wouldn't have to get up at 6 in the morning.;Norah Jones;morning
My father-in-law gets up at 5 o'clock in the morning and watches the Discovery Channel. I don't know why there's this big rush to do this.;Jeff Foxworthy;morning
Let me tell you, it is still morning in America. It just happens to be kind of a head pounding, hung over for four hours in America - and it's shaping up to be a nasty day, but its still morning in America.;Glenn Beck;morning
I was in Washington, D.C., on the morning show, by the time I was 18, programming a station by 19, No. 1 in the mornings. I think I was making, I don't know, a quarter of a million dollars by the time I was 25.;Glenn Beck;morning
You won't see me in a better mood than 4:00 in the morning on my way to work.;Christina Ricci;morning
I'm always in bed by 11 or 12 and people laugh all the time - they want me to hang out until two in the morning, but n-n-no, I need my nine hours.;Christina Ricci;morning
We, the people. Manifest Destiny. Conceived in liberty. Fear itself. Ask not. Morning in America. United we stand. Yes, we can. In times of great change and tumult, presidents seek to inspire beleaguered Americans by reminding them of their national identity.;Ron Fournier;morning
I hear that 5 o'clock whistle in my mind like Fred Flintstone and I have to stop. I'm also not much of a morning writer. I have a sweet spot from about 11am to 4pm. But I really work during that time.;Diablo Cody;morning
I am never at my best in the early morning, especially a cold morning in the Yorkshire spring with a piercing March wind sweeping down from the fells, finding its way inside my clothing, nipping at my nose and ears.;James Herriot;morning
I wake up in the morning, I do a little stretching exercises, pick up the horn and play.;Herb Alpert;morning
If you're the village blacksmith and a model T comes along, you better become a mechanic. People's lives are better when they get news online versus having to wait for the morning paper. It's a lot more efficient, a lot more real time, a lot less waste.;Marc Andreessen;morning
If I want to get work done, that's usually about 3 in the morning.;Marc Andreessen;morning
I see myself at 7:30 in the morning and it's not too pretty.;Rod Stewart;morning
I like being in movies that have a great story. I'm not so interested in being a Hollywood star. It's a job, you know. When you wake up at six in the morning every day for a week, it feels like hard work.;Kristen Stewart;morning
'Not again!' I thought to myself this morning, as news trickled out that John McCain was set to pick Alaska governor Sarah Palin as his running mate. Not again, because too often women are promoted for the wrong reasons, and then blamed when things don't go right.;Dee Dee Myers;morning
Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse. Murphy's First Corollary If you tell the boss you were late for work because you had a flat tire, the next morning you will have a flat tire.;George Edward Woodberry;morning
I can't tell you enough about cinnamon. Cinnamon is an awesome spice to use and it goes great with something like apples in the morning or in a mixture of fruit or in your oatmeal or even in your cereal.;Emeril Lagasse;morning
My favorite meal would have to be good old-fashioned eggs, over easy, with bacon. Many others, but you can't beat that on a Sunday morning, especially with a cup of tea.;Gary Oldman;morning
No man knows till he has suffered from the night how sweet and dear to his heart and eye the morning can be.;Bram Stoker;morning
I love the smell of shampoo on a girl's hair. You can walk past someone and be like, 'Wow, you took a shower this morning, didn't you? Because you smell lovely.';Jensen Ackles;morning
When I travel, I like to take advantage of room service. I'm really into eggs Benedict in the morning.;Jenny McCarthy;morning
There is a one woman in China that claimed she paid $50 to get my e-mail address. It was pretty shocking. I got one this morning from Scotland. A girl's requesting a signed photo of me.;Michael Phelps;morning
First of all, let me say, 1:15 in the morning, for 20,000 people to still be here, I wasn't the winner, tennis was. That's awesome. I don't know if I've ever felt so good here before.;Andre Agassi;morning
In the morning we received some very thin coffee. For lunch we had potato soup with a few pieces of meat in it, in the evening we had a very thin meat soup with some potatoes in it.;Leon Askin;morning
I woke up one morning to find I was famous. I bought a white Rolls-Royce and drove down Sunset Boulevard, wearing dark specs and a white suit, waving like the Queen Mum.;Peter O'Toole;morning
I am not a morning person. I like to sleep in.;Martha Plimpton;morning
I try to make films that I find exciting. It makes me want to get out of bed at five in the morning, have my make-up done and play for the rest of the day.;Kristin Scott Thomas;morning
Making films can be absolutely fantastic, but it can also be incredibly dull. You spend the whole day sitting by yourself in your trailer and then you get called to deliver one sentence - then you're told to come back and do it again at 5:30 the following morning.;Kristin Scott Thomas;morning
What's the first thing I do when I wake up in the morning? Wish I hadn't.;Steven Patrick Morrissey;morning
I drink a bucket of white tea in the morning. I read about this tea of the Emperor of China, which is supposedly the tea of eternal youth. It's called Silver Needle. It's unbelievably expensive, but I get it on the Web.;Antonio Banderas;morning
It was really like waking up one morning and going, Wow, I enjoy being with this person more than anybody else in my life, and it just turned out to be mutual.;Brian Austin Green;morning
I have never been bored an hour in my life. I get up every morning wondering what new strange glamorous thing is going to happen and it happens at fairly regular intervals.;William Allen White;morning
Get up tomorrow early in the morning, and earlier than you did today, and do the best that you can. Always stay near me, for tomorrow I will have much to do and more than I ever had, and tomorrow blood will leave my body above the breast.;Joan of Arc;morning
I'd hate to be a teetotaler. Imagine getting up in the morning and knowing that's as good as you're going to feel all day.;Dean Martin;morning
I get up early in the morning, 4 o'clock, and I sit at my desk and what I do is just dream. After three or four hours, that's enough. In the afternoon, I run.;Haruki Murakami;morning
Somebody said to me this morning, 'To what do you attribute your longevity?' I don't know. I mean, I couldn't have planned my life out better. By all accounts I should be dead! The abuse I put my body through: the drugs, the alcohol, the lifestyle I've lived the last 30 years!;Ozzy Osbourne;morning
Training is full-on. Some days I really don't want to get out of bed and hit that track again. Sunday and Monday morning sessions are always horrible. But who really looks forward to going to work on a Monday morning?;Jessica Ennis;morning
I'll never forget one morning I walked in and I had a hell of a bruise - it had been a difficult night the night before - and a client said to me, 'Good God, Vidal, what happened to your face?' And I said, 'Oh, nothing, madam, I just fell over a hairpin.';Vidal Sassoon;morning
I should just put it bluntly, because we're all sort of friends here now - it's exceedingly likely that my greatest success is behind me. Oh, so Jesus, what a thought! You know that's the kind of thought that could lead a person to start drinking gin at nine o'clock in the morning, and I don't want to go there.;Elizabeth Gilbert;morning
There's nothing in the world more silent than the telephone the morning after everybody pans your play. It won't ring from room service your mother won't be calling you. If the phone has not rung by 8 in the morning, you're dead.;David Mamet;morning
'Old times' never come back and I suppose it's just as well. What comes back is a new morning every day in the year, and that's better.;George Edward Woodberry;morning
There is a fundamental situation in which the country has reached rock bottom, that a mother can't send her children out of the house in the morning. The country has reached rock bottom and this needs to be changed.;Benjamin Netanyahu;morning
Sometimes, getting up in the morning and brishing your teath is the hardest part of the day - it all just hurts.;Tom Brady;morning
You lie awake at 3 in the morning thinking of story ideas. You're online at 8 a.m. on a Sunday or midnight on a Wednesday. It's a job that you never push aside.;James Daly;morning
Each morning my characters greet me with misty faces willing, though chilled, to muster for another day's progress through the dazzling quicksand the marsh of blank paper.;John Updike;morning
You always say 'I'll quit when I start to slide', and then one morning you wake up and realize you've done slid.;Sugar Ray Robinson;morning
I'm not one of those writers I learned about who get up in the morning, put a piece of paper in their typewriter machine and start writing. That I've never understood.;Wole Soyinka;morning
When I first broke through, there was only NBC, CBS and ABC, and they had news in the morning and in the evening - there wasn't no 24-hour news.;Dick Gregory;morning
If you do cardio one day and the next day you can do weights, do it that way. If you need to do it at night or in the morning, do it that way. Whatever you need to get it done, just get it done.;LL Cool J;morning
Every Wednesday, my husband and I have a study group with our friends. I attend church. We try to devote time in the morning, say a prayer.;Carrie Underwood;morning
I wake up every morning happy for where I am in life. It's not all about the cooking, but the fact that I can contribute by using my influence to help people all over the country. In the last two years, my partners and I have fed more than 10 million hungry people by bringing meat to food banks.;Paula Deen;morning
In order to have good fried chicken, you should wash and season the bird the morning you're preparing it for dinner. Don't wait and do it right before you start cooking. Throw it in the refrigerator, seasoned, that morning, and give it a chance to soak up all the salt and pepper and goodness.;Paula Deen;morning
Yes, there's such a thing as luck in trial law but it only comes at 3 o'clock in the morning. You'll still find me in the library looking for luck at 3 o'clock in the morning.;Louis Nizer;morning
It is not time for mirth and laughter, the cold, gray dawn of the morning after.;George Ade;morning
I write when I'm inspired, and I see to it that I'm inspired at nine o'clock every morning.;Peter De Vries;morning
