We're giving our freedoms away. The American experiment was about freedom. Freedom to be stupid, freedom to fail, freedom to succeed.;Glenn Beck;freedom
Children should have enough freedom to be themselves - once they've learned the rules.;Anna Quindlen;freedom
'Freedom from fear' could be said to sum up the whole philosophy of human rights.;Dag Hammarskjold;freedom
Freedom of speech includes the freedom to offend people.;Brad Thor;freedom
Heresy is another word for freedom of thought.;Graham Greene;freedom
We do not commonly see in a tax a diminution of freedom, and yet it clearly is one.;Herbert Spencer;freedom
Freedom is the recognition of necessity.;Friedrich Engels;freedom
There is no such thing as a little freedom. Either you are all free, or you are not free.;Walter Cronkite;freedom
The right to be let alone is indeed the beginning of all freedoms.;William O. Douglas;freedom
When we lose the right to be different, we lose the privilege to be free.;Charles Evans Hughes;freedom
I chose America as my home because I value freedom and democracy, civil liberties and an open society.;George Soros;freedom
Freedom is contagious. That's why despots fear it so much.;Bill Owens;freedom
Free speech carries with it some freedom to listen.;Warren E. Burger;freedom
I need this wild life, this freedom.;Zane Grey;freedom
Freedom is never easily won, but once established, freedom lasts, spreads and chokes out tyranny.;Trent Lott;freedom
Freedom of the press is not an end in itself but a means to the end of achieving a free society.;Felix Frankfurter;freedom
Coercion, after all, merely captures man. Freedom captivates him.;Robert McNamara;freedom
Freedom is the right to one's dignity as a man.;Archibald MacLeish;freedom
Human beings crave freedom at their core.;John Ensign;freedom
The link between my experience as an entrepreneur and that of a politician is all in one word: freedom.;Silvio Berlusconi;freedom
We should favor innovation and freedom over regulation.;George Allen;freedom
The very idea of freedom incites fear in the hearts of terrorists across the world.;Elizabeth Dole;freedom
Friends can help each other. A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel. Or, not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is.;Jim Morrison;freedom
Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle. And so we must straighten our backs and work for our freedom. A man can't ride you unless your back is bent.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;freedom
Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn't pass it to our children in the bloodstream. It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same.;Ronald Reagan;freedom
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.;Jim Morrison;freedom
Expose yourself to your deepest fear after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.;Jim Morrison;freedom
If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter.;George Washington;freedom
Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor it must be demanded by the oppressed.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;freedom
All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.;Winston Churchill;freedom
Our greatest happiness does not depend on the condition of life in which chance has placed us, but is always the result of a good conscience, good health, occupation, and freedom in all just pursuits.;Thomas Jefferson;freedom
Between stimulus and response there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response. In our response lies our growth and our freedom.;Viktor E. Frankl;freedom
Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves.;Abraham Lincoln;freedom
The sweltering summer of the Negro's legitimate discontent will not pass until there is an invigorating autumn of freedom and equality.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;freedom
The best road to progress is freedom's road.;John F. Kennedy;freedom
Freedom makes a huge requirement of every human being. With freedom comes responsibility. For the person who is unwilling to grow up, the person who does not want to carry is own weight, this is a frightening prospect.;Eleanor Roosevelt;freedom
The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission.;John F. Kennedy;freedom
Israel was not created in order to disappear - Israel will endure and flourish. It is the child of hope and the home of the brave. It can neither be broken by adversity nor demoralized by success. It carries the shield of democracy and it honors the sword of freedom.;John F. Kennedy;freedom
It is by the goodness of God that in our country we have those three unspeakably precious things: freedom of speech, freedom of conscience, and the prudence never to practice either of them.;Mark Twain;freedom
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it.;Kevyn Aucoin;freedom
Freedom lies in being bold.;Robert Frost;freedom
In giving freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to the free - honorable alike in what we give and what we preserve. We shall nobly save, or meanly lose, the last best hope of earth.;Abraham Lincoln;freedom
Conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth.;John F. Kennedy;freedom
The most important kind of freedom is to be what you really are. You trade in your reality for a role. You give up your ability to feel, and in exchange, put on a mask.;Jim Morrison;freedom
Freedom is the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.;George Orwell;freedom
True individual freedom cannot exist without economic security and independence. People who are hungry and out of a job are the stuff of which dictatorships are made.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;freedom
China has to go along with world trends. That's democracy, liberty, individual freedom. China sooner or later has to go that way. It cannot go backward.;Dalai Lama;freedom
Punk is musical freedom. It's saying, doing and playing what you want. In Webster's terms, 'nirvana' means freedom from pain, suffering and the external world, and that's pretty close to my definition of Punk Rock.;Kurt Cobain;freedom
It does not take a majority to prevail... but rather an irate, tireless minority, keen on setting brushfires of freedom in the minds of men.;Samuel Adams;freedom
There is no easy walk to freedom anywhere, and many of us will have to pass through the valley of the shadow of death again and again before we reach the mountaintop of our desires.;Nelson Mandela;freedom
Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom.;George Washington Carver;freedom
In the long history of the world, only a few generations have been granted the role of defending freedom in its hour of maximum danger. I do not shrink from this responsibility - I welcome it.;John F. Kennedy;freedom
Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you're a man, you take it.;Malcolm X;freedom
Freedom is never dear at any price. It is the breath of life. What would a man not pay for living?;Mahatma Gandhi;freedom
Most people do not really want freedom, because freedom involves responsibility, and most people are frightened of responsibility.;Sigmund Freud;freedom
I am involved in a freedom ride protesting the loss of the minority rights belonging to the few remaining earthbound stars. All we demanded was our right to twinkle.;Marilyn Monroe;freedom
Violent means will give violent freedom. That would be a menace to the world and to India herself.;Mahatma Gandhi;freedom
The path we have chosen for the present is full of hazards, as all paths are. The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission.;John F. Kennedy;freedom
I am interested in anything about revolt, disorder, chaos-especially activity that seems to have no meaning. It seems to me to be the road toward freedom... Rather than starting inside, I start outside and reach the mental through the physical.;Jim Morrison;freedom
If we don't believe in freedom of expression for people we despise, we don't believe in it at all.;Noam Chomsky;freedom
I am a Republican, a black, dyed in the wool Republican, and I never intend to belong to any other party than the party of freedom and progress.;Frederick Douglass;freedom
A hero is someone who understands the responsibility that comes with his freedom.;Bob Dylan;freedom
I'm interested in anything about revolt, disorder, chaos, especially activity that appears to have no meaning. It seems to me to be the road toward freedom.;Jim Morrison;freedom
We cannot expect that all nations will adopt like systems, for conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth.;John F. Kennedy;freedom
I believe there are more instances of the abridgement of freedom of the people by gradual and silent encroachments by those in power than by violent and sudden usurpations.;James Madison;freedom
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.;George Orwell;freedom
Americans are so enamored of equality that they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom.;Alexis de Tocqueville;freedom
Every human has four endowments- self awareness, conscience, independent will and creative imagination. These give us the ultimate human freedom... The power to choose, to respond, to change.;Stephen Covey;freedom
It is cruel, you know, that music should be so beautiful. It has the beauty of loneliness of pain: of strength and freedom. The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love. The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony.;Benjamin Britten;freedom
The revelation of thought takes men out of servitude into freedom.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;freedom
Freedom means you are unobstructed in living your life as you choose. Anything less is a form of slavery.;Wayne Dyer;freedom
What is ominous is the ease with which some people go from saying that they don't like something to saying that the government should forbid it. When you go down that road, don't expect freedom to survive very long.;Thomas Sowell;freedom
Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will.;Nelson Mandela;freedom
Well, if crime fighters fight crime and fire fighters fight fire, what do freedom fighters fight? They never mention that part to us, do they?;George Carlin;freedom
I think my first album opened a lot of doors for me to push the freedom of speech to the limit.;Eminem;freedom
Nothing has been purchased more dearly than the little bit of reason and sense of freedom which now constitutes our pride.;Friedrich Nietzsche;freedom
Responsibility is the price of freedom.;Elbert Hubbard;freedom
A free press can, of course, be good or bad, but, most certainly without freedom, the press will never be anything but bad.;Albert Camus;freedom
A free America... means just this: individual freedom for all, rich or poor, or else this system of government we call democracy is only an expedient to enslave man to the machine and make him like it.;Frank Lloyd Wright;freedom
Let freedom reign. The sun never set on so glorious a human achievement.;Nelson Mandela;freedom
The framers of our Constitution meant we were to have freedom of religion, not freedom from religion.;Billy Graham;freedom
Communists have always played an active role in the fight by colonial countries for their freedom, because the short-term objects of Communism would always correspond with the long-term objects of freedom movements.;Nelson Mandela;freedom
If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom.;Robert Frost;freedom
The only certain freedom's in departure.;Robert Frost;freedom
I am just absolutely convinced that the best formula for giving us peace and preserving the American way of life is freedom, limited government, and minding our own business overseas.;Ron Paul;freedom
Where globalization means, as it so often does, that the rich and powerful now have new means to further enrich and empower themselves at the cost of the poorer and weaker, we have a responsibility to protest in the name of universal freedom.;Nelson Mandela;freedom
Without freedom, no art art lives only on the restraints it imposes on itself, and dies of all others.;Albert Camus;freedom
I think of a hero as someone who understands the degree of responsibility that comes with his freedom.;Bob Dylan;freedom
Every tyrant who has lived has believed in freedom for himself.;Elbert Hubbard;freedom
Religious liberty is the first freedom in our Constitution. And whether the cause is justice for the persecuted, compassion for the needy and the sick, or mercy for the child waiting to be born, there is no greater force for good in the nation than Christian conscience in action.;Mitt Romney;freedom
I believe in a religion that believes in freedom. Any time I have to accept a religion that won't let me fight a battle for my people, I say to hell with that religion.;Malcolm X;freedom
Without culture, and the relative freedom it implies, society, even when perfect, is but a jungle. This is why any authentic creation is a gift to the future.;Albert Camus;freedom
Men are never really willing to die except for the sake of freedom: therefore they do not believe in dying completely.;Albert Camus;freedom
Only free men can negotiate prisoners cannot enter into contracts. Your freedom and mine cannot be separated.;Nelson Mandela;freedom
There is no such thing as part freedom.;Nelson Mandela;freedom
We, the People, recognize that we have responsibilities as well as rights that our destinies are bound together that a freedom which only asks what's in it for me, a freedom without a commitment to others, a freedom without love or charity or duty or patriotism, is unworthy of our founding ideals, and those who died in their defense.;Barack Obama;freedom
Freedom from effort in the present merely means that there has been effort stored up in the past.;Theodore Roosevelt;freedom
You can have peace. Or you can have freedom. Don't ever count on having both at once.;Robert A. Heinlein;freedom
I live in America. I have the right to write whatever I want. And it's equaled by another right just as powerful: the right not to read it. Freedom of speech includes the freedom to offend people.;Brad Thor;freedom
