A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs. It's jolted by every pebble on the road.;Henry Ward Beecher;humor
Everything human is pathetic. The secret source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow. There is no humor in heaven.;Mark Twain;humor
A sense of humor... is needed armor. Joy in one's heart and some laughter on one's lips is a sign that the person down deep has a pretty good grasp of life.;Hugh Sidey;humor
The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow there is no humor in Heaven.;Mark Twain;humor
You can turn painful situations around through laughter. If you can find humor in anything, even poverty, you can survive it.;Bill Cosby;humor
Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he is not a sense of humor to console him for what he is.;Francis Bacon;humor
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time.;Steven Wright;humor
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.;W. C. Fields;humor
The secret to humor is surprise.;Aristotle;humor
There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God.;Bill Cosby;humor
When humor goes, there goes civilization.;Erma Bombeck;humor
Alimony is like buying hay for a dead horse.;Groucho Marx;humor
A well-developed sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to your steps as you walk the tightrope of life.;William Arthur Ward;humor
My computer beat me at checkers, but I sure beat it at kickboxing.;Emo Philips;humor
A sense of humor is a major defense against minor troubles.;Mignon McLaughlin;humor
Humor is reason gone mad.;Groucho Marx;humor
Like a welcome summer rain, humor may suddenly cleanse and cool the earth, the air and you.;Langston Hughes;humor
Humor is perhaps a sense of intellectual perspective: an awareness that some things are really important, others not and that the two kinds are most oddly jumbled in everyday affairs.;Christopher Morley;humor
Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious.;Peter Ustinov;humor
A taste for irony has kept more hearts from breaking than a sense of humor, for it takes irony to appreciate the joke which is on oneself.;Jessamyn West;humor
Humor is laughing at what you haven't got when you ought to have it.;Langston Hughes;humor
Humor is emotional chaos remembered in tranquility.;James Thurber;humor
Wit - the salt with which the American humorist spoils his intellectual cookery by leaving it out.;Ambrose Bierce;humor
Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it.;E. B. White;humor
Humor brings insight and tolerance. Irony brings a deeper and less friendly understanding.;Agnes Repplier;humor
Humor is just another defense against the universe.;Mel Brooks;humor
Wit is the lowest form of humor.;Alexander Pope;humor
Humor is richly rewarding to the person who employs it. It has some value in gaining and holding attention, but it has no persuasive value at all.;John Kenneth Galbraith;humor
Humor is one of the best ingredients of survival.;Aung San Suu Kyi;humor
A humorist is a person who feels bad, but who feels good about it.;Don Herold;humor
A sense of humor is the ability to understand a joke - and that the joke is oneself.;Clifton Paul Fadiman;humor
A pun is the lowest form of humor, unless you thought of it yourself.;Doug Larson;humor
Humor is something that thrives between man's aspirations and his limitations. There is more logic in humor than in anything else. Because, you see, humor is truth.;Victor Borge;humor
If you could choose one characteristic that would get you through life, choose a sense of humor.;Jennifer Jones;humor
A laugh is a surprise. And all humor is physical. I was always athletic, so that came naturally to me.;Chevy Chase;humor
Humour is the weapon of unarmed people: it helps people who are oppressed to smile at the situation that pains them.;Simon Wiesenthal;humor
Humor is a serious thing. I like to think of it as one of our greatest earliest natural resources, which must be preserved at all cost.;James Thurber;humor
In conversation, humor is worth more than wit and easiness more than knowledge.;George Herbert;humor
Humor is everywhere, in that there's irony in just about anything a human does.;Bill Nye;humor
Gags die, humor doesn't.;Jack Benny;humor
All I know about humor is that I don't know anything about it.;Fred Allen;humor
Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing.;Allen Klein;humor
Humor is the affectionate communication of insight.;Leo Rosten;humor
You can't study comedy it's within you. It's a personality. My humor is an attitude.;Don Rickles;humor
Comedy has to be based on truth. You take the truth and you put a little curlicue at the end.;Sid Caesar;humor
Humor does not diminish the pain - it makes the space around it get bigger.;Allen Klein;humor
Humor is the instinct for taking pain playfully.;Max Eastman;humor
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun.;Flip Wilson;humor
What a strange world this would be if we all had the same sense of humor.;Bernard Williams;humor
Comedy, we may say, is society protecting itself - with a smile.;J. B. Priestley;humor
The satirist shoots to kill while the humorist brings his prey back alive and eventually releases him again for another chance.;Peter De Vries;humor
I have a fine sense of the ridiculous, but no sense of humor.;Edward Albee;humor
There seems to be no lengths to which humorless people will not go to analyze humor. It seems to worry them.;Robert Benchley;humor
Humor distorts nothing, and only false gods are laughed off their earthly pedestals.;Agnes Repplier;humor
Humor is by far the most significant activity of the human brain.;Edward de Bono;humor
The more I live, the more I think that humor is the saving sense.;Jacob August Riis;humor
One doesn't have a sense of humor. It has you.;Larry Gelbart;humor
When a thought takes one's breath away, a grammar lesson seems an impertinence.;Thomas W. Higginson;humor
I think the next best thing to solving a problem is finding some humor in it.;Frank A. Clark;humor
Puns are a form of humor with words.;Guillermo Cabrera Infante;humor
This I conceive to be the chemical function of humor: to change the character of our thought.;Lin Yutang;humor
Nothing is so galling to a people not broken in from the birth as a paternal, or in other words a meddling government, a government which tells them what to read and say and eat and drink and wear.;Thomas W. Higginson;humor
There is no defense against adverse fortune which is so effectual as an habitual sense of humor.;Thomas W. Higginson;humor
Great men are rarely isolated mountain peaks they are the summits of ranges.;Thomas W. Higginson;humor
Humor is merely tragedy standing on its head with its pants torn.;Irvin S. Cobb;humor
Through humor, you can soften some of the worst blows that life delivers. And once you find laughter, no matter how painful your situation might be, you can survive it.;Bill Cosby;humor
Humor is the first of the gifts to perish in a foreign tongue.;Virginia Woolf;humor
Humor must not professedly teach and it must not professedly preach, but it must do both if it would live forever.;Mark Twain;humor
A woman has to be intelligent, have charm, a sense of humor, and be kind. It's the same qualities I require from a man.;Catherine Deneuve;humor
In truth, politeness is artificial good humor, it covers the natural want of it, and ends by rendering habitual a substitute nearly equivalent to the real virtue.;Thomas Jefferson;humor
There is a thin line that separates laughter and pain, comedy and tragedy, humor and hurt.;Erma Bombeck;humor
Anybody with a sense of humor is going to put on my album and laugh from beginning to end.;Eminem;humor
Don't wish me happiness - I don't expect to be happy it's gotten beyond that, somehow. Wish me courage and strength and a sense of humor - I will need them all.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;humor
I think I have always had a little humor.;Marilyn Monroe;humor
Good humor is a tonic for mind and body. It is the best antidote for anxiety and depression. It is a business asset. It attracts and keeps friends. It lightens human burdens. It is the direct route to serenity and contentment.;Grenville Kleiser;humor
Humor is the most engaging cowardice.;Robert Frost;humor
I met Woz when I was 13, at a friend's garage. He was about 18. He was, like, the first person I met who knew more electronics than I did at that point. We became good friends, because we shared an interest in computer and we had a sense of humor. We pulled all kinds of pranks together.;Steve Jobs;humor
Dad needs to show an incredible amount of respect and humor and friendship toward his mate so the kids understand their parents are sexy, they're fun, they do things together, they're best friends. Kids learn by example. If I respect Mom, they're going to respect Mom.;Tim Allen;humor
Humor has been the balm of my life, but it's been reserved for those close to me, not part of the public Lana.;Lana Turner;humor
I think people are sexy when they have a sense of humor, when they are smart, when they have some sense of style, when they are kind, when they express their own opinions, when they are creative, when they have character.;Suzanne Vega;humor
There are men so philosophical that they can see humor in their own toothaches. But there has never lived a man so philosophical that he could see the toothache in his own humor.;H. L. Mencken;humor
Being a Hot Mom means being respected as a mom and a woman. And, the key to being a Hot Mom is having a sense of humor about yourself and all the crazy situations that arise.;Jami Gertz;humor
The overwhelming majority of Americans are possessed of two great qualities a sense of humor and a sense of proportion.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;humor
Be strong, believe in freedom and in God, love yourself, understand your sexuality, have a sense of humor, masturbate, don't judge people by their religion, color or sexual habits, love life and your family.;Madonna Ciccone;humor
True humor springs not more from the head than from the heart. It is not contempt its essence is love. It issues not in laughter, but in still smiles, which lie far deeper.;Thomas Carlyle;humor
The problem with having a sense of humor is often that people you use it on aren't in a very good mood.;Lou Holtz;humor
Humor has justly been regarded as the finest perfection of poetic genius.;Thomas Carlyle;humor
Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he isn't. A sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is.;Horace Walpole;humor
One of the things that binds us as a family is a shared sense of humor.;Ralph Fiennes;humor
Good humor is the health of the soul, sadness is its poison.;Lord Chesterfield;humor
A sense of humor keen enough to show a man his own absurdities will keep him from the commission of all sins, or nearly all, save those worth committing.;Samuel Butler;humor
Women, as they grow older, rely more and more on cosmetics. Men, as they grow older, rely more and more on a sense of humor.;George Jean Nathan;humor
Humor has bailed me out of more tight situations than I can think of. If you go with your instincts and keep your humor, creativity follows. With luck, success comes, too.;Jimmy Buffett;humor
I think the scariest person in the world is the person with no sense of humor.;Michael J. Fox;humor
Any man who has had the job I've had and didn't have a sense of humor wouldn't still be here.;Harry S. Truman;humor
Honest good humor is the oil and wine of a merry meeting, and there is no jovial companionship equal to that where the jokes are rather small and laughter abundant.;Washington Irving;humor
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.;William Makepeace Thackeray;humor
Humor does not rescue us from unhappiness, but enables us to move back from it a little.;Mason Cooley;humor
Having a sense of humor has served me more than it has hurt me - just in the sense that it has allowed me to keep my sanity.;Dee Dee Myers;humor
