Poetry is the record of the best and happiest moments of the happiest and best minds.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;best
I think the best thing for you to do is just live your life. Live a life that's worth living, one where you do what you want to do, pursue your passions. That way, if you meet someone, they'll be joining a life that's already really good.;Dan Savage;best
It's easy to get wrapped up in sharing everyday life with a partner. It's fun to get lost in love and romance. It's the best. But holding on to yourself while doing that is the most important thing.;Brittany Murphy;best
Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why.;Henry Van Dyke;best
I think my best work is when I'm kind of in charge.;Chris Rock;best
I think the best place to work in football is England.;Jose Mourinho;best
My siblings are my best friends.;America Ferrera;best
Grow old with me! The best is yet to be.;Robert Browning;best
Progress however, of the best kind, is comparatively slow. Great results cannot be achieved at once and we must be satisfied to advance in life as we walk, step by step.;Samuel Smiles;best
The best time to make friends is before you need them.;Ethel Barrymore;best
When we have done our best, we should wait the result in peace.;John Lubbock;best
Studies show that children best flourish when one mom and one dad are there to raise them.;John Boehner;best
If you want to be the best, you have to do things that other people aren't willing to do.;Michael Phelps;best
A visitor from Mars could easily pick out the civilized nations. They have the best implements of war.;Herbert V. Prochnow;best
I will give you the best I have.;George C. Marshall;best
I just try to do the best job I possibly can - put the blinders on, go to work and be the best you can possibly be. Once you have done everything that you possibly can - you've put forth your greatest effort - then I can live with whatever's next.;Bill Parcells;best
The best director is the one you don't see.;Billy Wilder;best
Every job is good if you do your best and work hard. A man who works hard stinks only to the ones that have nothing to do but smell.;Laura Ingalls Wilder;best
There is small risk a general will be regarded with contempt by those he leads, if, whatever he may have to preach, he shows himself best able to perform.;Xenophon;best
Letting your mind play is the best way to solve problems.;Bill Watterson;best
I have the best husband in the world. He's very involved.;Heidi Klum;best
It is often said that second thoughts are best. So they are in matters of judgment but not in matters of conscience.;John Henry Newman;best
I think if you give your best as a parent, then that's all you can do.;Heidi Klum;best
He is the best man who, when making his plans, fears and reflects on everything that can happen to him, but in the moment of action is bold.;Herodotus;best
Going online and asking questions is the best way to learn.;Tom Felton;best
I have to live with both my selves as best I may.;Brigitte Bardot;best
There are times when even the best manager is like the little boy with the big dog, waiting to see where the dog wants to go so he can take him there.;Lee Iacocca;best
I put on the best live show, the absolute best live show I can possibly can.;Kesha;best
Some of my best friends are Venture Capitalists, but let's face it, a hamster with Alzheimer's could make those kind of numbers. It's great work if you can get it.;Scott Adams;best
I don't have the best body in the world, but I know for a fact that I have a really good voice.;Kesha;best
Most of those who make collections of verse or epigram are like men eating cherries or oysters: they choose out the best at first, and end by eating all.;Nicolas Chamfort;best
Work is like the rest of life. The best parts are free.;Scott Adams;best
I'm married to my best friend!;Miranda Lambert;best
Italians know about human nature - they understand human nature perhaps better than anyone else does. They know that people are weak and greedy and lazy and dishonest and they just try to make the best of it to work around it.;Donna Leon;best
The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure.;B. C. Forbes;best
Yeah, I try to be the best example I can be for young girls just as far as my person goes - just to uphold a good image.;Miranda Lambert;best
Life is best when you are in love.;Michael Moriarty;best
I think that Phil Kaufman is one of the best directors that I have come across.;Clive Owen;best
Home is the place we love best and grumble the most.;Billy Sunday;best
My 'fear' is my substance, and probably the best part of me.;Franz Kafka;best
A huge part of acting in movies is appetite. You do your best work when you've got a lot of appetite and you really want to embrace something. When you get tired, you don't have that hunger.;Clive Owen;best
Man's wisdom is his best friend folly his worst enemy.;William Temple;best
The cat could very well be man's best friend but would never stoop to admitting it.;Doug Larson;best
The will to work of everyone in the country is the best guarantee of national survival.;Bhumibol Adulyadej;best
You need only reflect that one of the best ways to get yourself a reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go about repeating the very phrases which our founding fathers used in the struggle for independence.;Charles A. Beard;best
Disney has the best casting. If he doesn't like an actor he just tears him up.;Alfred Hitchcock;best
I already gave my best. I have no regrets at all.;William Hung;best
One of my favorite activities as a teen-ager was to watch television over the phone with my best friend.;Susan Orlean;best
Testing oneself is best when done alone.;Jimmy Carter;best
I don't think there's anybody in America who thinks my personality is best suited to being Number Two.;Chris Christie;best
The heart of the jealous knows the best and most satisfying love, that of the other's bed, where the rival perfects the lover's imperfections.;Djuna Barnes;best
I don't want to tell President Obama how to make a speech. He's a much better speech maker than I am. But I think always to tell the truth in a sometimes blatant way, even though it might be temporarily unpopular, is the best approach.;Jimmy Carter;best
Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies. If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, that's beautiful.;Rashida Jones;best
Patriotism is best exemplified through auto-critique. When you're willing to stand up within the group and say, 'It is wrong for Black people to be anti-Semitic,' or 'It is wrong for America to discriminate against persons of African descent and made them slaves and based its wealth upon free labor,' it's crucial to say that.;Henry Louis Gates;best
Example is the best precept.;Aesop;best
I was in the bath at the time, and my dad came running in and said, 'Guess who they want to play Harry Potter!?' and I started to cry. It was probably the best moment of my life.;Daniel Radcliffe;best
For me, the best times are always going to be the most intense, the ones with the highest highs and the lowest lows.;Fiona Apple;best
The best thing you can do is find a person who loves you for exactly what you are.;Diablo Cody;best
I was just doing my job in the ring and doing my best to make people happy.;Manny Pacquiao;best
The best form of government is that which is most likely to prevent the greatest sum of evil.;James Monroe;best
Do the best that you can in the place where you are, and be kind.;Scott Nearing;best
If being an attractive woman got you attention for directing, then the entire 'best director' category would be comprised of models. To me, that is just the most ludicrous connection that you could make.;Diablo Cody;best
I wanna change the game in way where I'm not knocking nobody out of the way, not claiming to be the best at this or that, but just doing wonders with the gift I've been given.;Anthony Hamilton;best
I don't think I ever got the hang of the writers' room. I love collaborating with people, but I really do my best work alone, and I think I would want to - if I did something again, I think I'd want to take total ownership the way Aaron Sorkin or David Kelley does.;Diablo Cody;best
Speaking of Twitter, I don't even know if I composed a blog entry in 2009, as I was too busy parceling my every thought into cute 140-character sound bites. I used to only worry about being pithy for a living now some of my best lines are wasted on a free app!;Diablo Cody;best
The best way to begin genuine bipartisanship to make America stronger is to work together on the real crises facing our country, not to manufacture an artificial crisis to serve a special interest agenda out of touch with the needs of Americans.;John F. Kerry;best
The best way to deal with that is to live in a fully conscious, compassionate, loving way. Don't wait until you're on your deathbed to recognize that this is the only way to live.;Morrie Schwartz;best
The best player I ever played with was Dennis Johnson.;Larry Bird;best
I get a lot of the ideas when I'm resting - either when I'm meditating or getting some kind of work done on my back, like physical therapy or acupuncture. That's where I get my best ideas, maybe because I'm balancing my body.;Katy Perry;best
One of the best parts of growing older? You can flirt all you like since you've become harmless.;Liz Smith;best
Once you are labeled 'the best' you want to stay up there, and you can't do it by loafing around.;Larry Bird;best
I'm either going to go completely mental, completely bankrupt, or have the best success of my life.;Katy Perry;best
One of the best things for a woman to hear is that she is sexy.;Scarlett Johansson;best
Recruitment and retention are critical to sustain our Armed Forces with the best men and women willing to stand in the gap and make huge sacrifices to ensure our freedom.;Zack Wamp;best
What I love best in life is new starts.;Karl Lagerfeld;best
I've found the best way is to not be scared of the attention but to be grateful for it and open to it. It makes my days better rather than being annoyed that people want my attention.;Brandon Routh;best
Democracy functions best when we have an active citizenry.;Rick Perry;best
God gave us the gift of life it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.;Voltaire;birthday
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.;Oprah Winfrey;birthday
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me.;Jim Valvano;birthday
I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity.;Eleanor Roosevelt;birthday
The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance.;Brian Tracy;birthday
Every year on your birthday, you get a chance to start new.;Sammy Hagar;birthday
All the world is birthday cake, so take a piece, but not too much.;George Harrison;birthday
Thirty was so strange for me. I've really had to come to terms with the fact that I am now a walking and talking adult.;C. S. Lewis;birthday
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you are?;Satchel Paige;birthday
I remember when the candle shop burned down. Everyone stood around singing 'Happy Birthday.';Steven Wright;birthday
Presents don't really mean much to me. I don't want to sound mawkish, but - it was the realization that I have a great many people in my life who really love me, and who I really love.;Gabriel Byrne;birthday
You know you're getting old when you get that one candle on the cake. It's like, 'See if you can blow this out.';Jerry Seinfeld;birthday
A gift consists not in what is done or given, but in the intention of the giver or doer.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;birthday
For my birthday I got a humidifier and a de-humidifier... I put them in the same room and let them fight it out.;Steven Wright;birthday
You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.;Bob Hope;birthday
A friend never defends a husband who gets his wife an electric skillet for her birthday.;Erma Bombeck;birthday
I wanted to buy a candle holder, but the store didn't have one. So I got a cake.;Mitch Hedberg;birthday
The way I see it, you should live everyday like its your birthday.;Paris Hilton;birthday
It is lovely, when I forget all birthdays, including my own, to find that somebody remembers me.;Ellen Glasgow;birthday
There are three hundred and sixty-four days when you might get un-birthday presents, and only one for birthday presents, you know.;Lewis Carroll;birthday
The only thing better than singing is more singing.;Ella Fitzgerald;birthday
It was on my fifth birthday that Papa put his hand on my shoulder and said, 'Remember, my son, if you ever need a helping hand, you'll find one at the end of your arm.';Sam Levenson;birthday
