Your chances of success in any undertaking can always be measured by your belief in yourself.;Robert Collier;success
So much of a professional athlete's success depends upon not necessarily the play itself but how he deals with... always saying how you deal with good, is just as important as how you deal with bad.;Brett Favre;success
The secret of success is sincerity.;Jean Giraudoux;success
But no nation can base its survival and development on luck and prayers alone while its leadership fritters away every available opportunity for success and concrete achievement.;Ibrahim Babangida;success
And in reality, I don't think it's a real documentary. It's more a story of her life. It's a story of survival. It's a story of the time in which she lived. The story of success and failure.;Maximilian Schell;success
Success is following the pattern of life one enjoys most.;Al Capp;success
For marriage to be a success, every woman and every man should have her and his own bathroom. The end.;Catherine Zeta-Jones;success
I've had great success being a total idiot.;Jerry Lewis;success
The film is not a success until it makes money. It's only good when there's a dollar figure attached to the box office.;John Cusack;success
No one ever attains success by simply doing what is required of him.;Charles Kendall Adams;success
They thought I was a success as soon as I started paying the bills.;Mahalia Jackson;success
The hardest thing to find in life is balance - especially the more success you have, the more you look to the other side of the gate. What do I need to stay grounded, in touch, in love, connected, emotionally balanced? Look within yourself.;Celine Dion;success
My father was an immigrant who literally walked across Europe to get out of Russia. He fought in World War I. He was wounded in action. My father was a great success even though he never had money. He was a very determined man, a great role model.;Arlen Specter;success
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.;Gary Player;success
I feel lucky because I was a nerd, which I talk about in the book, but I had academic success, so through that, because that's what my parents put a great deal of value on, I had a great childhood because I sort of fulfilled the expectations of being good at school.;Mindy Kaling;success
My success just evolved from working hard at the business at hand each day.;Johnny Carson;success
The road to success is filled with women pushing their husbands along.;Thomas R. Dewar;success
Sometimes success will get in the way of maturity - at least temporarily.;Ricky Williams;success
Anytime you play a team sport, the success of the team really makes everything better. It's nice.;Ricky Williams;success
I had a lot of success from the start. I never really was tested for long periods of time. I got my first professional job while I was a senior in college. I signed with the William Morris Agency before I graduated.;Denzel Washington;success
Which is - you know, like check it out, I'm pretty young, I'm only about 40 years old. I still have maybe another four decades of work left in me. And it's exceedingly likely that anything I write from this point forward is going to be judged by the world as the work that came after the freakish success of my last book, right?;Elizabeth Gilbert;success
I should just put it bluntly, because we're all sort of friends here now - it's exceedingly likely that my greatest success is behind me. Oh, so Jesus, what a thought! You know that's the kind of thought that could lead a person to start drinking gin at nine o'clock in the morning, and I don't want to go there.;Elizabeth Gilbert;success
When somebody has an enormous success in this culture, people start asking two questions, which are 'What are you doing now?' and 'How are you going to beat that?' And I have to say, I love the assumption that your intention is to beat yourself constantly - that you're in battle against yourself.;Elizabeth Gilbert;success
My career started young and I was really ambitious, and then I had success and I hung out with people who were much older. I think I might have been temporally misplaced, so I thought I was 40. It was a premature midlife crisis.;Elizabeth Gilbert;success
The only success worth one's powder was success in the line of one's idiosyncrasy... what was talent but the art of being completely whatever one happened to be?;Henry James;success
I believe success is preparation, because opportunity is going to knock on your door sooner or later but are you prepared to answer that?;Omar Epps;success
You'll never convince me there is a hopeless situation or there is any finality in any success or any failure.;Carlos Ghosn;success
The manic pursuit of success cost me everything I could love: my wife, my three children, some friends I would have liked to grow old with.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;success
The success of the Rat Pack or the Clan was due to the camaraderie, the three guys who work together and kid each other and love each other.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;success
Real success is not on the stage, but off the stage as a human being, and how you get along with your fellow man.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;success
Everyone has determination - it's a question of how you use it. Hers is based on power and success and conquering she doesn't care what she has to do or who gets hurt in the process. In that way we're very, very different.;Dannii Minogue;success
A lot of football success is in the mind. You must believe you are the best and then make sure that you are.;Bill Shankly;success
Muslims must believe that all power, success and victory comes from God alone.;Abu Bakar Bashir;success
Once you have a lot of success, you become a target in many ways.;Jennifer Lopez;success
Without Arthur's voice, I never would have enjoyed that success.;Paul Simon;success
A tragic irony of life is that we so often achieve success or financial independence after the chief reason for which we sought it has passed away.;Ellen Glasgow;success
There's not an instruction manual on how to deal with success, so you just have to rely on having great friends and a good team.;Bryan Adams;success
Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.;Mike Ditka;success
The Occupy movement needs an organizing principle, and - just as the Tea Party did - it needs some actual measures of success. Choose one candidate whose agenda is squarely within that of the movement and make his or her electoral success a focal point.;Eliot Spitzer;success
In the end, you make your reputation and you have your success based upon credibility and being able to provide people who are really hungry for information what they want.;Brit Hume;success
You've got to ask! Asking is, in my opinion, the world's most powerful - and neglected - secret to success and happiness.;Percy Ross;success
Despite the success cult, men are most deeply moved not by the reaching of the goal but by the grandness of the effort involved in getting there - or failing to get there.;Max Lerner;success
My college degree was in theater. But the real reason, if I have any success in that milieu, so to speak, is because I spent a lot of years directing, I spent a lot of years behind the camera.;Alton Brown;success
Real success is being totally indulgent about your own trip. You put your blinders on about the garbage and go full speed ahead.;Betsey Johnson;success
Do something you really like, and hopefully it pays the rent. As far as I'm concerned, that's success.;Tom Petty;success
Success is more dangerous than failure, the ripples break over a wider coastline.;Graham Greene;success
Nearly all monster stories depend for their success on Jack killing the Giant, Beowulf or St. George slaying the Dragon, Harry Potter triumphing over the basilisk. That is their inner grammar, and the whole shape of the story leads towards it.;A. N. Wilson;success
I think you can have moderate success by copying something else, but if you really want to knock it out of the park, you have to do something different and take chances.;Lee Ann Womack;success
As you walk in God's divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life.;Joseph Prince;success
I didn't have a whole lot of success getting dates, I was always a bit of a geek.;Jim Davis;success
Success is the sweetest revenge.;Vanessa Williams;success
You can never be comfortable with your success, you've got to be paranoid you're going to lose it.;Lou Gerstner;success
Success needs no explanation. Failure does not have one that matters.;Jesse Jackson;success
It sounds cliche, but success is your friends, your family, what you do, and if you're happy when you wake up.;Michael Pitt;success
Success on any major scale requires you to accept responsibility... in the final analysis, the one quality that all successful people have... is the ability to take on responsibility.;Michael Korda;success
The only thing I can say about having this type of success is that you can get yourself in trouble because basically the world is set open for you. People will say yes to anything you ask, so it's basically down to you and what you want or need.;Bruce Springsteen;success
Your success story is a bigger story than whatever you're trying to say on stage. Success makes life easier. It doesn't make living easier.;Bruce Springsteen;success
It takes two to make a marriage a success and only one to make it a failure.;Herbert Samuel;success
The first principle of success is desire - knowing what you want. Desire is the planting of your seed.;Robert Collier;success
Don't be afraid of failure be afraid of petty success.;Maude Adams;success
Because after my first year I had a lot of success, took everybody by storm, came back the next year thought it was easy and didn't have near the season I had the previous year. It was kind of a wake-up call. And so, life goes on.;Brett Favre;success
Married couples who work together to build and maintain a business assume broad responsibilities. Not only is their work important to our local and national economies, but their success is central to the well-being of their families.;Melissa Bean;success
Hip-hop is more about attaining wealth. People respect success. They respect big. They don't even have to like your music. If you're big enough, people are drawn to you.;Jay-Z;success
True leadership lies in guiding others to success. In ensuring that everyone is performing at their best, doing the work they are pledged to do and doing it well.;Bill Owens;success
Modesty should be typical of the success of a champion.;Major Taylor;success
I will not be discouraged by failure I will not be elated by success.;Joseph Barber Lightfoot;success
Follow your passion. Nothing - not wealth, success, accolades or fame - is worth spending a lifetime doing things you don't enjoy.;Jonathan Sacks;success
Everybody loves success, but they hate successful people.;John McEnroe;success
By far the most important factor in the success or failure of any school, far more important than tests or standards or business-model methods of accountability, is simply attracting the best-educated, most exciting young people into urban schools and keeping them there.;Jonathan Kozol;success
There is never just one thing that leads to success for anyone. I feel it always a combination of passion, dedication, hard work, and being in the right place at the right time.;Lauren Conrad;success
Philanthropy is the thing that I am really excited about, and having success means I can do more.;will.i.am;success
There is no scientific answer for success. You can't define it. You've simply got to live it and do it.;Anita Roddick;success
The secret to success is to own nothing, but control everything.;Nelson Rockefeller;success
It's the quality of the ordinary, the straight, the square, that accounts for the great stability and success of our nation. It's a quality to be proud of. But it's a quality that many people seem to have neglected.;Gerald R. Ford;success
We do not celebrate people who have made success out of serious hard work.;Iain Duncan Smith;success
Kids are meant to believe that their stepping stone to massive money is 'The X Factor.' Luck is great, but most of life is hard work. We do not celebrate people who have made success out of serious hard work.;Iain Duncan Smith;success
The problem with being British... I don't know if it's me being British or being raised a strict Catholic, but you never really enjoy success.;Danny Boyle;success
When humor can be made to alternate with melancholy, one has a success, but when the same things are funny and melancholic at the same time, it's just wonderful.;Francois Truffaut;success
Success makes you less intimidated by things.;Nate Silver;success
People still don't appreciate how ephemeral success is.;Nate Silver;success
I think that the entertainment industry itself has a history of chasing success. Any time a hit product comes out, all the other companies start chasing after that success and trying to recreate it by putting out similar products.;Shigeru Miyamoto;success
It would be a joy for me if someone who was working with me became a big success.;Shigeru Miyamoto;success
In America, as opposed to the old country, success was based on merit.;Rand Paul;success
But I like not these great success of yours for I know how jealous are the gods.;Herodotus;success
I think the measure of your success to a certain extent will be the amount of things written about you that aren't true.;Cybill Shepherd;success
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.;George A. Sheehan;success
I haven't deliberately set out to play the blonde bombshell in my movies. In fact, it's probably been quite the opposite. After the success of The Mask, I wasn't offered all that many blonde bombshell parts, to be honest. I think people believed from the beginning that I could actually walk and talk at the same time.;Cameron Diaz;success
Yes I have made a lot of money and I have a lot of respect, my films have done well, and I know there are loads of loads of people who look up to me and really love me. I really just thought this is like a strange dream. I have never thought this is a success - I don't have a standard.;Shahrukh Khan;success
All of us are born for a reason, but all of us don't discover why. Success in life has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself. It's what you do for others.;Danny Thomas;success
My own early experiences in war led me to suspect the value of discipline, even in that sphere where it is so often regarded as the first essential for success.;Herbert Read;success
When people stand up and talk about the great success that the EU has been, I'm not sure anybody saying it really believes it themselves anymore.;Nigel Farage;success
I didn't have any success in show business until I was 30 to 31 years of age.;Adam Carolla;success
The NFL has been an amazing page in this chapter of my life. I pray that all successive adventures offer me the same potential for growth, success and most importantly fun.;Ricky Williams;success
As my father used to tell me, the only true sign of success in life is being able to do for a living that which makes you happy.;Al Yankovic;success
Am I coasting on some early success? Yeah. It was a good lucky break for me. But I would rather earn my way back again than simply conform to what people are expecting.;Liz Phair;success
One goes through school, college, medical school and one's internship learning little or nothing about goodness but a good deal about success.;Ashley Montagu;success
The secrets of success are a good wife and a steady job. My wife told me.;Howard Nemerov;success
Hollywood... a city I was to come back to time and again, in sickness and in health, in success and in failure, with anticipation and with dread.;Dirk Benedict;success
But I think it's more normal for my team to have no success than it is to win two consecutive European cups.;Jose Mourinho;success
