To photograph truthfully and effectively is to see beneath the surfaces and record the qualities of nature and humanity which live or are latent in all things.;Ansel Adams;nature
In our nature, however, there is a provision, alike marvelous and merciful, that the sufferer should never know the intensity of what he endures by its present torture, but chiefly by the pang that rankles after it.;Nathaniel Hawthorne;nature
All nature is but art unknown to thee.;Alexander Pope;nature
For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for Nature cannot be fooled.;Richard P. Feynman;nature
Man has demonstrated that he is master of everything except his own nature.;Henry Miller;nature
If you don't know how to die, don't worry Nature will tell you what to do on the spot, fully and adequately. She will do this job perfectly for you don't bother your head about it.;Michel de Montaigne;nature
I look at an ant and I see myself: a native South African, endowed by nature with a strength much greater than my size so I might cope with the weight of a racism that crushes my spirit.;Miriam Makeba;nature
Nature is relentless and unchangeable, and it is indifferent as to whether its hidden reasons and actions are understandable to man or not.;Galileo Galilei;nature
Habit is a second nature which prevents us from knowing the first, of which it has neither the cruelties nor the enchantments.;Marcel Proust;nature
Man is by nature competitive, combative, ambitious, jealous, envious, and vengeful.;Arthur Keith;nature
You may drive out nature with a pitchfork, yet she'll be constantly running back.;Horace;nature
When man lives under government, he is fallen, his worth is gone, and his nature tarnished.;Adam Weishaupt;nature
What is government itself but the greatest of all reflections on human nature? If men were angels, no government would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary.;James Madison;nature
Covetousness is both the beginning and the end of the devil's alphabet - the first vice in corrupt nature that moves, and the last which dies.;Michel de Montaigne;nature
Let us permit nature to have her way. She understands her business better than we do.;Michel de Montaigne;nature
Psychology keeps trying to vindicate human nature. History keeps undermining the effort.;Mason Cooley;nature
It was a Greek tragedy. Nixon was fulfilling his own nature. Once it started it could not end otherwise.;Henry A. Kissinger;nature
It is the nature, and the advantage, of strong people that they can bring out the crucial questions and form a clear opinion about them. The weak always have to decide between alternatives that are not their own.;Dietrich Bonhoeffer;nature
And out of darkness came the hands that reach thro' nature, moulding men.;Alfred Lord Tennyson;nature
Nowadays the rage for possession has got to such a pitch that there is nothing in the realm of nature, whether sacred or profane, out of which profit cannot be squeezed.;Desiderius Erasmus;nature
The three great elemental sounds in nature are the sound of rain, the sound of wind in a primeval wood, and the sound of outer ocean on a beach.;Henry Beston;nature
Our ideas must be as broad as Nature if they are to interpret Nature.;Arthur Conan Doyle;nature
The rain began again. It fell heavily, easily, with no meaning or intention but the fulfilment of its own nature, which was to fall and fall.;Helen Garner;nature
Nature is my manifestation of God. I go to nature every day for inspiration in the day's work. I follow in building the principles which nature has used in its domain.;Frank Lloyd Wright;nature
Our most intimate friend is not he to whom we show the worst, but the best of our nature.;Nathaniel Hawthorne;nature
Slave to no sect, who takes no private road, But looks through Nature up to Nature's God.;Alexander Pope;nature
Extremes in nature equal ends produce In man they join to some mysterious use.;Alexander Pope;nature
Behold the child, by Nature's kindly law pleased with a rattle, tickled with a straw.;Alexander Pope;nature
If people think nature is their friend, then they sure don't need an enemy.;Kurt Vonnegut;nature
What is a scientist after all? It is a curious man looking through a keyhole, the keyhole of nature, trying to know what's going on.;Jacques Yves Cousteau;nature
England has always been disinclined to accept human nature.;E. M. Forster;nature
'Healing,' Papa would tell me, 'is not a science, but the intuitive art of wooing nature.';W. H. Auden;nature
Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function.;Garrison Keillor;nature
Nature, more of a stepmother than a mother in several ways, has sown a seed of evil in the hearts of mortals, especially in the more thoughtful men, which makes them dissatisfied with their own lot and envious of another s.;Desiderius Erasmus;nature
All my life through, the new sights of Nature made me rejoice like a child.;Marie Curie;nature
If men and women are to understand each other, to enter into each other's nature with mutual sympathy, and to become capable of genuine comradeship, the foundation must be laid in youth.;Havelock Ellis;nature
It is the nature of babies to be in bliss.;Deepak Chopra;nature
Our founders got it right when they wrote in the Declaration of Independence that our rights come from nature and nature's God, not from government.;Paul Ryan;nature
I think that if people are instructed about anything, it should be about the nature of cruelty. And about why people behave so cruelly to each other. And what kind of satisfactions they derive from it. And why there is always a cost, and a price to be paid.;Richard Russo;nature
They are much to be pitied who have not been given a taste for nature early in life.;Jane Austen;nature
Human nature is so well disposed towards those who are in interesting situations, that a young person, who either marries or dies, is sure of being kindly spoken of.;Jane Austen;nature
Every man wants a woman to appeal to his better side, his nobler instincts, and his higher nature - and another woman to help him forget them.;Helen Rowland;nature
Human society sustains itself by transforming nature into garbage.;Mason Cooley;nature
A poet ought not to pick nature's pocket. Let him borrow, and so borrow as to repay by the very act of borrowing. Examine nature accurately, but write from recollection, and trust more to the imagination than the memory.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;nature
It is impossible to imagine a more complete fusion with nature than that of the Gypsy.;Franz Liszt;nature
The artist produces for the liberation of his soul. It is his nature to create as it is the nature of water to run down the hill.;W. Somerset Maugham;nature
Airplane travel is nature's way of making you look like your passport photo.;Al Gore;nature
Of moral purpose I see no trace in Nature. That is an article of exclusively human manufacture and very much to our credit.;Thomas Huxley;nature
If a man cannot do brain work without stimulants of any kind, he had better turn to hand work it is an indication on Nature's part that she did not mean him to be a head worker.;Thomas Huxley;nature
If we can find God only as he is revealed in nature we have no moral God.;Reinhold Niebuhr;nature
I think politicians get hamstrung by the nature of politics when the private sector can really do great things.;Henry Rollins;nature
Human nature is evil, and goodness is caused by intentional activity.;Xun Zi;nature
I sit astride life like a bad rider on a horse. I only owe it to the horse's good nature that I am not thrown off at this very moment.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;nature
Creativity is the ability to introduce order into the randomness of nature.;Eric Hoffer;nature
The Amen of nature is always a flower.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;nature
Art, as far as it is able, follows nature, as a pupil imitates his master thus your art must be, as it were, God's grandchild.;Dante Alighieri;nature
Fear not, we are of the nature of the lion, and cannot descend to the destruction of mice and such small beasts.;Elizabeth I;nature
There are worlds of experience beyond the world of the aggressive man, beyond history, and beyond science. The moods and qualities of nature and the revelations of great art are equally difficult to define we can grasp them only in the depths of our perceptive spirit.;Ansel Adams;nature
Reason is a supple nymph, and slippery as a fish by nature. She had as leave give her kiss to an absurdity any day, as to syllogistic truth. The absurdity may turn out truer.;David Herbert Lawrence;nature
Men have an extraordinarily erroneous opinion of their position in nature and the error is ineradicable.;W. Somerset Maugham;nature
No speech can stain what is noble by nature.;Sophocles;nature
The stars shall fade away, the sun himself Grow dim with age, and nature sink in years, But thou shalt flourish in immortal youth, Unhurt amidst the wars of elements, The wrecks of matter, and the crush of worlds.;Joseph Addison;nature
There is not so variable a thing in nature as a lady's head-dress.;Joseph Addison;nature
Mutability of temper and inconsistency with ourselves is the greatest weakness of human nature.;Joseph Addison;nature
Men may change their climate, but they cannot change their nature. A man that goes out a fool cannot ride or sail himself into common sense.;Joseph Addison;nature
Everything in excess is opposed to nature.;Hippocrates;nature
Whatever is received is received according to the nature of the recipient.;Thomas Aquinas;nature
You don't have to call it God or Jesus. That's religious humbug to a lot of people, but you've gotta believe that nature and spiritual things surround us. That is what put us here! I thank the universe for that every day of my life.;Jack LaLanne;nature
What nature delivers to us is never stale. Because what nature creates has eternity in it.;Isaac Bashevis Singer;nature
The mastery of nature is vainly believed to be an adequate substitute for self mastery.;Reinhold Niebuhr;nature
I think that in today's world, by nature, we are all self-centered. And that often leads to selfishness.;Gary Chapman;nature
To be happy, we must be true to nature and carry our age along with us.;William Hazlitt;nature
Gossip is nature's telephone.;Sholom Aleichem;nature
Man is the unnatural animal, the rebel child of nature, and more and more does he turn himself against the harsh and fitful hand that reared him.;H. G. Wells;nature
By nature's kindly disposition most questions which it is beyond a man's power to answer do not occur to him at all.;George Santayana;nature
As human beings, we are endowed with freedom of choice, and we cannot shuffle off our responsibility upon the shoulders of God or nature. We must shoulder it ourselves. It is our responsibility.;Arnold J. Toynbee;nature
To be perfectly just is an attribute of the divine nature to be so to the utmost of our abilities, is the glory of man.;Joseph Addison;nature
The chief ingredients in the composition of those qualities that gain esteem and praise, are good nature, truth, good sense, and good breeding.;Joseph Addison;nature
Nature has not got two voices, you know, one of them condemning all day what the other commands.;Marquis de Sade;nature
The science of the mind can only have for its proper goal the understanding of human nature by every human being, and through its use, brings peace to every human soul.;Alfred Adler;nature
The perfect joys of heaven do not satisfy the cravings of nature.;William Hazlitt;nature
The humblest painter is a true scholar and the best of scholars the scholar of nature.;William Hazlitt;nature
Poetry is the universal language which the heart holds with nature and itself. He who has a contempt for poetry, cannot have much respect for himself, or for anything else.;William Hazlitt;nature
What we observe is not nature itself, but nature exposed to our method of questioning.;Werner Heisenberg;nature
Corruption is nature's way of restoring our faith in democracy.;Peter Ustinov;nature
I have never felt salvation in nature. I love cities above all.;Michelangelo;nature
There is no God, Nature sufficeth unto herself in no wise hath she need of an author.;Marquis de Sade;nature
By nature all men are equal in liberty, but not in other endowments.;Thomas Aquinas;nature
I have lived long enough to satisfy both nature and glory.;Julius Caesar;nature
But human nature dictates that there will always be cheaters. That's inevitable. Where there's money involved and glory, there are going to be people that cheat, and there will always be ways to cheat.;David Millar;nature
I'm very competitive by nature. And I like to be the underdog - It's the best way to win. To come from behind and win is a great feeling!;Zac Efron;nature
Sensual love deceives one as to the nature of heavenly love it could not do so alone, but since it unconsciously has the element of heavenly love within it, it can do so.;Franz Kafka;nature
Such is the nature of men, that howsoever they may acknowledge many others to be more witty, or more eloquent, or more learned yet they will hardly believe there be many so wise as themselves.;Thomas Hobbes;nature
All is disgust when a man leaves his own nature and does what is unfit.;Sophocles;nature
Every girl should use what Mother Nature gave her before Father Time takes it away.;Laurence J. Peter;nature
My illness has taught me something about the nature of humanity, love, brotherhood and relationships that I never understood, and probably never would have. So, from that standpoint, there is some truth and good in everything.;Lee Atwater;nature
Whenever nature leaves a hole in a person's mind, she generally plasters it over with a thick coat of self-conceit.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;nature
It would be against all nature for all the Negroes to be either at the bottom, top, or in between. We will go where the internal drive carries us like everybody else. It is up to the individual.;Zora Neale Hurston;nature
The truth is in nature, and I shall prove it.;Paul Cezanne;nature
