I don't look on poetry as closed works. I feel they're going on all the time in my head and I occasionally snip off a length.;John Ashbery;poetry
What does that represent? There was never any question in plastic art, in poetry, in music, of representing anything. It is a matter of making something beautiful, moving, or dramatic - this is by no means the same thing.;Fernand Leger;poetry
Poetry must be made by all and not by one.;Comte de Lautreamont;poetry
So much of my poetry begins with something that I can describe in visual terms, so thinking about distance, thinking about how life begins and what might be watching us.;Tracy K. Smith;poetry
Poetry criticism at its worst today is mean in spirit and spiteful in intent, as if determined to inflict the wound that will spur the artist to new heights if it does not cripple him or her.;David Lehman;poetry
The older I've got the less I find myself going back and re-reading or really reading new fiction or poetry.;Reynolds Price;poetry
To feel most beautifully alive means to be reading something beautiful, ready always to apprehend in the flow of language the sudden flash of poetry.;John Andrew Holmes;poetry
Poetry is a sort of homecoming.;Paul Celan;poetry
Women who are inclined to write poetry at all are inspired by being mad at something.;Amy Clampitt;poetry
Poetry is an art, and chief of the fine art the easiest to dabble in, the hardest in which to reach true excellence.;Edmund Clarence Stedman;poetry
Poetry is an art, the easiest to dabble in, but the hardest to reach true excellence.;J. G. Stedman;poetry
For a poet to depict a poet in poetry is a hazardous experiment in regarding one's own trade a sense of humour and a little wholesome cynicism are not amiss.;Edward Dowden;poetry
That's the way it is with poetry: When it is incomprehensible it seems profound, and when you understand it, it is only ridiculous.;Galway Kinnell;poetry
Who writes poetry imbibes honey from the poisoned lips of life.;William Rose Benet;poetry
Music has a poetry of its own, and that poetry is called melody.;Joshua Logan;poetry
Poetry is like making a joke. If you get one word wrong at the end of a joke, you've lost the whole thing.;W. S. Merwin;poetry
I could no more define poetry than a terrier can define a rat.;Alfred Edward Housman;poetry
I wrote The Green Eye of the Little Yellow God in five hours, but I had it all planned out. It isn't poetry and it does not pretend to be, but it does what it sets out to do.;J. Milton Hayes;poetry
I'm looking for a guy who makes you want to dance and write poetry all day long.;Angela Sarafyan;poetry
Poetry is a matter of life, not just a matter of language.;Lucille Clifton;poetry
Some say they see poetry in my paintings I see only science.;Georges Seurat;poetry
I didn't want to deal in poetry. I got rid of that after a few months.;Tom Wesselmann;poetry
For me, poetry is always a search for order.;Elizabeth Jennings;poetry
All good poetry is forged slowly and patiently, link by link, with sweat and blood and tears.;Alfred Douglas;poetry
I don't know a better preparation for life than a love of poetry and a good digestion.;Zona Gale;poetry
For there is a sound reasoning upon all flowers. For flowers are peculiarly the poetry of Christ.;Christopher Smart;poetry
Poetry asks people to have values, form opinions, care about some other part of experience besides making money and being successful on the job.;Toi Derricotte;poetry
Poetry uses the hub of a torque converter for a jello mold.;Diane Glancy;poetry
He fertilizes a phrase or a line of poetry for weeks and then gives birth to it in a speech.;John Colville;poetry
I write poetry in order to live more fully.;Judith Rodriguez;poetry
Let us not seek the Republican answer or the Democratic answer, but the right answer. Let us not seek to fix the blame for the past. Let us accept our own responsibility for the future.;John F. Kennedy;politics
Suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were a member of Congress but I repeat myself.;Mark Twain;politics
One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors.;Plato;politics
If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand.;Milton Friedman;politics
It is enough that the people know there was an election. The people who cast the votes decide nothing. The people who count the votes decide everything.;Joseph Stalin;politics
It is better to be violent, if there is violence in our hearts, than to put on the cloak of nonviolence to cover impotence.;Mahatma Gandhi;politics
The modern conservative is engaged in one of man's oldest exercises in moral philosophy that is, the search for a superior moral justification for selfishness.;John Kenneth Galbraith;politics
I am extraordinarily patient, provided I get my own way in the end.;Margaret Thatcher;politics
If you have ten thousand regulations you destroy all respect for the law.;Winston Churchill;politics
Healthy citizens are the greatest asset any country can have.;Winston Churchill;politics
The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed (and hence clamorous to be led to safety) by menacing it with an endless series of hobgoblins, all of them imaginary.;H. L. Mencken;politics
Democracy is when the indigent, and not the men of property, are the rulers.;Aristotle;politics
Politics is not a game. It is an earnest business.;Winston Churchill;politics
Whenever a man has cast a longing eye on offices, a rottenness begins in his conduct.;Thomas Jefferson;politics
The good news is that, according to the Obama administration, the rich will pay for everything. The bad news is that, according to the Obama administration, you're rich.;P. J. O'Rourke;politics
Principles have no real force except when one is well-fed.;Mark Twain;politics
A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who, however, has never learned how to walk forward.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;politics
If voting changed anything, they'd make it illegal.;Emma Goldman;politics
If you have always believed that everyone should play by the same rules and be judged by the same standards, that would have gotten you labeled a radical 60 years ago, a liberal 30 years ago and a racist today.;Thomas Sowell;politics
If the United States of America or Britain is having elections, they don't ask for observers from Africa or from Asia. But when we have elections, they want observers.;Nelson Mandela;politics
Always vote for principle, though you may vote alone, and you may cherish the sweetest reflection that your vote is never lost.;John Quincy Adams;politics
A fool and his money are soon elected.;Will Rogers;politics
In this world of sin and sorrow there is always something to be thankful for as for me, I rejoice that I am not a Republican.;H. L. Mencken;politics
I have no ambition to govern men it is a painful and thankless office.;Thomas Jefferson;politics
Politics have no relation to morals.;Niccolo Machiavelli;politics
Those who stand for nothing fall for anything.;Alexander Hamilton;politics
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did.;Newt Gingrich;politics
If we don't believe in freedom of expression for people we despise, we don't believe in it at all.;Noam Chomsky;politics
The Democrats are the party that says government will make you smarter, taller, richer, and remove the crabgrass on your lawn. The Republicans are the party that says government doesn't work and then they get elected and prove it.;P. J. O'Rourke;politics
Inflation is as violent as a mugger, as frightening as an armed robber and as deadly as a hit man.;Ronald Reagan;politics
My brother Bob doesn't want to be in government - he promised Dad he'd go straight.;John F. Kennedy;politics
The darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis.;Dante Alighieri;politics
Politics has become so expensive that it takes a lot of money even to be defeated.;Will Rogers;politics
Life without liberty is like a body without spirit.;Khalil Gibran;politics
Politicians also have no leisure, because they are always aiming at something beyond political life itself, power and glory, or happiness.;Aristotle;politics
I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts.;Will Rogers;politics
A free America... means just this: individual freedom for all, rich or poor, or else this system of government we call democracy is only an expedient to enslave man to the machine and make him like it.;Frank Lloyd Wright;politics
Only government can take perfectly good paper, cover it with perfectly good ink and make the combination worthless.;Milton Friedman;politics
Hell, I never vote for anybody, I always vote against.;W. C. Fields;politics
A healthy democracy requires a decent society it requires that we are honorable, generous, tolerant and respectful.;Charles W. Pickering;politics
I have been thinking that I would make a proposition to my Republican friends... that if they will stop telling lies about the Democrats, we will stop telling the truth about them.;Adlai E. Stevenson;politics
A leader in the Democratic Party is a boss, in the Republican Party he is a leader.;Harry S. Truman;politics
Politics: A strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles. The conduct of public affairs for private advantage.;Ambrose Bierce;politics
There ain't no answer. There ain't gonna be any answer. There never has been an answer. That's the answer.;Gertrude Stein;politics
Conservatism has had from its inception vigorously positive, intellectually rigorous agenda and thinking. That agenda should have in my three pillars: strengthen the economy, strengthen our security, and strengthen our families.;Mitt Romney;politics
Conservative, n: A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as distinguished from the Liberal who wishes to replace them with others.;Ambrose Bierce;politics
Whenever men take the law into their own hands, the loser is the law. And when the law loses, freedom languishes.;Robert Kennedy;politics
We would all like to vote for the best man but he is never a candidate.;Kin Hubbard;politics
When bad men combine, the good must associate else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.;Edmund Burke;politics
Ninety percent of the politicians give the other ten percent a bad reputation.;Henry A. Kissinger;politics
A liberal is a man or a woman or a child who looks forward to a better day, a more tranquil night, and a bright, infinite future.;Leonard Bernstein;politics
Any American who is prepared to run for president should automatically, by definition, be disqualified from ever doing so.;Gore Vidal;politics
Bad politicians are sent to Washington by good people who don't vote.;William E. Simon;politics
We hang the petty thieves and appoint the great ones to public office.;Aesop;politics
I love power. But it is as an artist that I love it. I love it as a musician loves his violin, to draw out its sounds and chords and harmonies.;Napoleon Bonaparte;politics
In politics the middle way is none at all.;John Adams;politics
You want a friend in Washington? Get a dog.;Harry S. Truman;politics
The successful revolutionary is a statesman, the unsuccessful one a criminal.;Erich Fromm;politics
Conservatives are not necessarily stupid, but most stupid people are conservatives.;John Stuart Mill;politics
Instead of giving a politician the keys to the city, it might be better to change the locks.;Doug Larson;politics
Tradition means giving votes to the most obscure of all classes, our ancestors. It is the democracy of the dead. Tradition refuses to submit to that arrogant oligarchy who merely happen to be walking around.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;politics
There are many men of principle in both parties in America, but there is no party of principle.;Alexis de Tocqueville;politics
All the president is, is a glorified public relations man who spends his time flattering, kissing, and kicking people to get them to do what they are supposed to do anyway.;Harry S. Truman;politics
A diplomat is a person who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you actually look forward to the trip.;Caskie Stinnett;politics
The person who has nothing for which he is willing to fight, nothing which is more important than his own personal safety, is a miserable creature and has no chance of being free unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself.;John Stuart Mill;politics
'Tis the business of little minds to shrink but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.;Thomas Paine;politics
When buying and selling are controlled by legislation, the first things to be bought and sold are legislators.;P. J. O'Rourke;politics
He who knows how to flatter also knows how to slander.;Napoleon Bonaparte;politics
I would remind you that extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice! And let me remind you also that moderation in the pursuit of justice is no virtue.;Barry Goldwater;politics
