Growing up in New York has influenced my style so much, and I have an amazing relationship with my stylist, Estee Stanley. We have so much fun with the whole process. She picks out dresses, I try things on and play dress up, and we get creative to see what works.;Lea Michele;relationship
In marriage, compromise nurtures the relationship.;Tim Allen;relationship
I just want to have a great relationship with my child and have a great family dynamic.;Tori Spelling;relationship
I believe wholeheartedly in marriage. I don't exclusively mean a marriage with a legal contract, but any relationship that constitutes a marriage because of the quality of their relationship.;Helen Reddy;relationship
I'm very pleased with being a part of the Bean Pole family. It's a relationship that makes sense to me. I'm very pleased to have my name associated with Bean Pole Jeans.;Wentworth Miller;relationship
I wanted to deal with someone's idea of their relationship.;Charlie Kaufman;relationship
The history of the relationship between comedy and swimming is short indeed. Of course it is always funny when someone falls into water, but that's about it.;Arthur Smith;relationship
Driving a cab is not really a nurturing type of relationship. You take people and they tip you, they may not tip you, you don't know their names, they don't care about you, you don't care about them.;Pam Grier;relationship
The better you know yourself, the better your relationship with the rest of the world.;Toni Collette;relationship
I am single and not looking to be in a relationship.;Chris Evans;relationship
I enjoy the Web site a lot and I like being able to talk to my readers. I've always had a very close relationship with them.;Anne Rice;relationship
It's a luxury to be able to tell a long form story. I love novels, and I love to have a long relationship with characters.;Jane Campion;relationship
You know, sex is actually not so original as the way people love or the stories behind each relationship, which is what you remember. Sex is sex in the end.;Jane Campion;relationship
I'm in a happy relationship, me and my ex are on really good terms, my kid and I are in a good spot.;Robert Downey, Jr.;relationship
It is true that women tend to be more identified with their bodies because in this crazy world, both men and women measure women's value as human beings in relationship to their physical appearance.;Andrew Cohen;relationship
I've stepped more into my womanhood, I'm a mother now, I'm having a beautiful relationship as a wife and as a friend.;Alicia Keys;relationship
I just want my relationship to be more for myself rather than a public statement.;Cynthia Nixon;relationship
Yes, I was in love with my husband at first sight and still am. We have the most solid relationship.;Catherine Zeta-Jones;relationship
The beliefs concerning reincarnation have great ethical impact on human life and our relationship to the world.;Stanislav Grof;relationship
I'd think,'In a relationship, we should never have his kind of fight.' Then, instead of figuring out how to make it work, I looked for a way to get out of it. The truth is, you shouldn't be married if your that kind of person.;George Clooney;relationship
I'm a better person in a relationship, and I'm a happier person. I need to come home at the end of the day and have it not be about me and my freaking hair and makeup and character motivations anymore. And I think my work is more inspired when home is safe and sound and solid, because what I do for a living is so bananas and so insecure.;Ginnifer Goodwin;relationship
I married him for a green card. We had a really great, caring relationship it just obviously wasn't right for me.;Portia de Rossi;relationship
My father and I had a good relationship, it was very relaxed. He had a lot of humour. He looked a little bit like me, although he had no beard. He had the appearance of a very elegant British-looking man.;Michael Haneke;relationship
Ah, the bond between English boys and California girls. For those of us who aren't either, it's a bond that fascinates and mystifies. So much of the world's favorite music comes out of that relationship.;Rob Sheffield;relationship
I mean, the trouble with some of the kind of relationship movies I've done, is there's only so many ways you can shoot a conversation. I was really tired of talking heads.;Lawrence Kasdan;relationship
You don't have to buy from anyone. You don't have to work at any particular job. You don't have to participate in any given relationship. You can choose.;Harry Browne;relationship
I don't know what my version of a relationship or marriage is yet, because the typical model seems a little broken to me.;Michelle Williams;relationship
I am trying to inspire people to just take control of their oral health, because if we don't take care of our oral health, it affects so many different aspects of our lives. If your smile and mouth is not together, it affects your relationship, your self-esteem, your health.;Sherri Shepherd;relationship
If I'm in a relationship, that girl gets showered with letters from the road. I pour my heart into it.;Jason Mraz;relationship
In my relationship, I was giving myself away to make the relationship better, but in actuality, wasn't doing better by doing that. I became less of a man.;Jason Mraz;relationship
Every president needs to deal with the permanent government of the country, and the permanent government of the country is Wall Street oligarchs and corporate plutocrats and the questions becomes what is the relationship between that president and Wall Street.;Cornel West;relationship
When you're rich and famous you are the dominant force in a relationship, even if you try hard not to be. I've talked of sacrificing everything for Fleetwood Mac, but I realize now that it is simply the only thing I've ever wanted to do.;Stevie Nicks;relationship
In a relationship you want to treat people the way you want to be treated.;Bradley Cooper;relationship
If you're doing an interview, you need conversational tension. After you talk to them, you're not going to have a relationship with them, they're not going to like you, they're not going to be your friend.;Chuck Klosterman;relationship
This book is about physics and its about physics and its relationship with mathematics and how they seem to be intimately related and to what extent can you explore this relationship and trust it.;Roger Penrose;relationship
Relationships are so much a rerun of our parental relationships. We're rerunning the relationship they were in together and we're rerunning the relationship we had with them with our lover.;Kenny Loggins;relationship
Success is hard in general for most women. We now have such busy lives, and we're told we can do everything - you know, we can have the relationship and the marriage and the kids and the career.;Cat Deeley;relationship
I'd say to any woman, get out of that bad relationship that's turning you into a shell of your former self. Learn from it and get out. Then wait enjoy yourself and your friends because, when what you want comes along, you'll spot it.;Cat Deeley;relationship
We cannot have that relationship if we only dictate or threaten and condemn those who disagree.;Zbigniew Brzezinski;relationship
Sometimes I think the world is divided into those who have a comfortable relationship with power and those who have a naturally adversarial relationship with power.;Arundhati Roy;relationship
Divorce is so common and accepted in America that beating myself up over it may sound ridiculous. But I was raised to believe that divorce wasn't an option to me, divorce equaled failure. I wasn't able to change that equation until I found myself in the right relationship.;Trisha Yearwood;relationship
You know, it's possible for two humans to be in a relationship without there needing to be some public reason for that relationship.;Chris Martin;relationship
For me, writing is a love-hate relationship.;Larry Wall;relationship
Poetry is above all a concentration of the power of language, which is the power of our ultimate relationship to everything in the universe.;Adrienne Rich;relationship
I have no problem with it. I don't look on homosexuality as an aberration. It's just they way they're born, and how could any relationship between two people in a committed relationship be wrong, regardless of gender?;Andrea Thompson;relationship
If my career continues along its current arc, people will probably look at me and see a writer who is obsessed with the relationship between rich and poor and with how the rich somehow or other always manage to betray the poor, even when they don't mean to.;Richard Russo;relationship
The relationship between the public and the artist is complex and difficult to explain. There is a fine line between using this critical energy creatively and pandering to it.;Andy Goldsworthy;relationship
Just me onstage with a mike having an intimate relationship with the audience. I don't get nervous for that. I just get excited.;Kevin James;relationship
I'm not a good father and they're not children any more the eldest is in his fifties. My relationship with their mothers broke down and, because of what the law was, they went with their mothers and were imbued with their mothers' morality in life and they were not my people any more.;Wilbur Smith;relationship
Poetry is a form of mathematics, a highly rigorous relationship with words.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;relationship
You know, women are as promiscuous as men and yet, of course, people are inhibited from having an affair or a relationship because the real-world consequences are a drag.;Lee Child;relationship
Daddy loves you, but he smacks you, and he can shout at you and smash things, but Daddy still loves you. So when you get into a relationship with someone who does all of that, why would it be unusual?;Trisha Goddard;relationship
I did learn one great lesson from a past relationship, and that was to never talk about relationships in print again because I'd rather live my private life than read about it.;Brittany Murphy;relationship
Well, I've had a long standing relationship with Gatorade and they've been very, very good to me. And I believe in their products, I really do. I've used them for many, many years.;Bill Parcells;relationship
There is no relationship between the gestures and what an orchestra will do.;James Levine;relationship
My family gave me values that have sustained me through situations that would challenge any person. My personal relationship with the Lord inspires me in all I do.;Kathy Ireland;relationship
I've written a few songs that have to do with being in a relationship, the bad and the good.;Victoria Justice;relationship
You know when you have a good relationship with someone when you are just perfectly happy to be quiet and just hang out and do nothing.;Victoria Justice;relationship
I'd say that if you had a strained relationship with your mom, for whatever reason, the best thing to do is be open with each other, talk it over, try and work it out somehow as opposed to just putting a wall up and pushing them away.;Victoria Justice;relationship
I'm not a relationship expert. I'm an expert on manhood.;Steve Harvey;relationship
To pass from estrangement from God to be a son of God is the basic fact of conversion. That altered relationship with God gives you an altered relationship with yourself, with your brother man, with nature, with the universe.;E. Stanley Jones;relationship
Most people have a passive relationship with music and clothes, with culture. But music was my first contact with anything creative. Music is it, as far as I'm concerned.;Martin Freeman;relationship
Straight men just can't imagine the bliss of being in a relationship with someone who finds farting as funny as they do.;Graham Norton;relationship
I always say I'd rather be miserable by myself than unhappy in a relationship.;Graham Norton;relationship
My relationship to reality has been so utterly skewed for so long that I don't even notice it any more. It's just my reality.;Ethan Hawke;relationship
I certainly wanted to maintain some sense of mystery about Picard and that's why we never allowed certain situations to fully evolve, like the relationship between Picard and Beverly Crusher.;Patrick Stewart;relationship
It's like a garden: Whatever you water the most will do the best. At some point, you decide whether you'll water your career or your relationship more.;Jewel;relationship
I am President of the UN created University for Peace, which has a strong commitment to the relationship between peace, security and the environment. I meet with young people around the world and I always come away enthused and encouraged.;Maurice Strong;relationship
It's one thing to have a relationship, to lay your hands on it, and another to make it continue and last. That's something I haven't talked about much in my comic strips, and it's certainly something I'm interested in.;Lynda Barry;relationship
This week, the world gathers in Beijing for the 2008 Olympic games. This is the extraordinary moment China has been dreaming of for 100 years. People have been longing for this moment, because it symbolises a turning point in China's relationship with the outside world.;Ai Weiwei;relationship
If you go into a relationship expecting someone else to fill you up, you're doomed right off.;Jennifer O'Neill;relationship
Nothing reinforces a professional relationship more than enjoying success with someone.;Harold Ramis;relationship
Then there is the further question of what is the relationship of thinking to reality. As careful attention shows, thought itself is in an actual process of movement.;David Bohm;relationship
I have to be in a relationship where I can say what I feel even if it's wrong - so we can work through it.;Bethenny Frankel;relationship
I had a non-existent knowledge of Queen Victoria's early years. Like everyone else, I thought of her as an old lady dressed in black. My mom had told me about her, though, that she had a very loving relationship with Albert, that they had lots of kids, and that he died young.;Emily Blunt;relationship
The players wanted more money, higher salary caps and they didn't have that family relationship we felt with the players. Mentally, the players were more businesslike.;Guy Lafleur;relationship
I use God in my songs a lot but I don't have a relationship. I don't know what that means.;Dave Matthews;relationship
Clearly, once the student is no longer a student the possibilities of relationship are enlarged.;Marilyn Hacker;relationship
Every relationship has its own language. It takes a long time to evolve and read one another. Just as it's true for people, it's also true on a national or cultural level.;David Mitchell;relationship
Hopefully each film can be given a musical voice of its own, which is not to say that the instrumentation is always unique, but that the relationship between the sound and the image is unique.;Carter Burwell;relationship
I'm an awfully loyal friend. Once I've started a relationship with someone, it's like they are syrup and I'm a pancake. Their syrup gets into my pancake, so to speak.;Warren Farrell;relationship
Men are fair, and they have learned not to personalize anger - they can disagree with you and argue to the bone, but afterward they still consider you a nice person with whom the underlying human relationship need not be altered.;Warren Farrell;relationship
I'm certainly not the first person to be in a relationship with a younger man, but somehow I was plucked out as a bit of a poster girl.;Demi Moore;relationship
I have had a love-hate relationship with my body.;Demi Moore;relationship
I think she definitely has. I think, um, her and Mulder's relationship has become more equal. And, I think she has become stronger and more independent over the seasons.;Gillian Anderson;relationship
I don't really know how to relate to a long-term day-in day-out kind of comfortable relationship.;Diane Lane;relationship
It's a funny relationship that makeup artists have. I always feel kind of like a dentist. People look at me and think of pain.;Rick Baker;relationship
I don't like my men to be too ornate. I like them to stand back and let their women shine, and they should really wear the pants in the relationship.;Eva Mendes;relationship
An organization's reason for being, like that of any organism, is to help the parts that are in relationship to each other, to be able to deal with change in the environment.;Kevin Kelly;relationship
I think our strength is this strong relationship we have all together.;Guy Forget;relationship
The Web is now philosophical engineering. Physics and the Web are both about the relationship between the small and the large.;Tim Berners-Lee;relationship
The relationship between reader and characters is very difficult. It is even more peculiar than the relationship between the writer and his characters.;Guillermo Cabrera Infante;relationship
What I do believe is that there is always a relationship between writing and reading, a constant interplay between the writer on the one hand and the reader on the other.;Guillermo Cabrera Infante;relationship
If there's no relationship with a father who's absent, nobody talks about it.;Charles Rangel;relationship
We must honestly face our relationship with Great Britain.;Wendell Willkie;relationship
My personal belief is that you carry your own water in a relationship. If you see a girl and you think she's hot, that's a very human reaction, but you don't go and tell your spouse that, you know? So in one way it's how you behave.;Mark Ruffalo;relationship
I have a great relationship with my parents. I have not been on lithium.;Zach Braff;relationship
Why should a great and powerful nation like the United States allow its relationship with more than a billion Muslims around the world to be defined by the narrow hatred and nihilistic actions of an exceptionally small minority of Muslims?;John O. Brennan;relationship
American cinema tends to express a patriotic relationship to national identity on a regular basis.;Tom Hooper;relationship
