There are so many things to think about when you make an album. Like, who am I trying to impress? Am I going to get respect, critical acclaim? Or am I going to sell lots of records?;Ellie Goulding;respect
Economics is a subject that does not greatly respect one's wishes.;Nikita Khrushchev;respect
Plus, you know, when I was young, there was a lot of respect for clowning in rock music - look at Little Richard. It was a part of the whole thing, and I always also believed that it released the audience.;Bruce Springsteen;respect
Coaches will eventually notice a great attitude, and they respect that.;Heather O'Reilly;respect
Every once in a while, you live long enough to get the respect that people didn't want to give while you were trying to become a senior citizen.;Gil Scott-Heron;respect
Hip-hop is more about attaining wealth. People respect success. They respect big. They don't even have to like your music. If you're big enough, people are drawn to you.;Jay-Z;respect
Picasso is a character that has pursued me for a long time and I always rejected. He deserves a lot of respect because I am from Malaga, and I was born four blocks from where he was born.;Antonio Banderas;respect
I have no confidence issues with the impact or the quality of the music. No one in hip-hop, before this point and to this point, with all due respect, has done this.;Mos Def;respect
But every great scripture, whether Hebrew, Indian, Persian, or Chinese, apart from its religious value will be found to have some rare and special beauty of its own and in this respect the original Bible stands very high as a monument of sublime poetry and of artistic prose.;Lafcadio Hearn;respect
I've had the greatest respect for my work in this country by Americans. Critics have no brains.;Jerry Lewis;respect
Jews have deep respect for the Queen and the royal family. We say a prayer for them every Sabbath in synagogue. We recite a special blessing on seeing the Queen.;Jonathan Sacks;respect
Let them hate me, provided they respect my conduct.;Tiberius;respect
I've been involved with violent movies, and then I've also said at a certain point, 'I can't take it anymore. Please cut it.' You know, you've got to respect the filmmaker, and it's a really tough issue.;Harvey Weinstein;respect
I remember I read this harsh review about my show, and one of my friends told me that this was the exact same stuff people said about Madonna. And it's like, she didn't care. Madonna just came out and was herself. I respect that a lot.;Britney Spears;respect
Renown? I've already got more of it than those I respect, and will never have as much as those for whom I feel contempt.;Jean Rostand;respect
There is no excuse for perjury - never, never, never. There is truth, and the truth demands respect.;Kenneth Starr;respect
We must believe in the power of education. We must respect just laws. We must love ourselves, our old and or young, our women as well as our men.;Arthur Ashe;respect
I didn't want to be a writer, but I became one. And now I have many readers, in many countries. I think that's a miracle. So I think I have to be humble regarding this ability. I'm proud of it and I enjoy it, and it is strange to say it this way, but I respect it.;Haruki Murakami;respect
I have always admired and had enormous respect for Elizabeth Taylor. She was not only an incredible actress but an amazing woman as well.;Lindsay Lohan;respect
When men and women are able to respect and accept their differences then love has a chance to blossom.;John Gray;respect
We need to respect choices that women make.;Ann Romney;respect
Yes I have made a lot of money and I have a lot of respect, my films have done well, and I know there are loads of loads of people who look up to me and really love me. I really just thought this is like a strange dream. I have never thought this is a success - I don't have a standard.;Shahrukh Khan;respect
Being a monarchist - saying that one small group is born more worthy of respect than another - is just as warped and strange as being a racist.;Julie Burchill;respect
I respect and empathize with reporters and editors who must compete in today's environment. And I know full well that when I've been covering campaigns, which I still do, I've made my mistakes and have been far from perfect.;Dan Rather;respect
All I ever seek from good deeds is a measure of respect.;Walter Annenberg;respect
I have respect for beer.;Russell Crowe;respect
The Apology opened the opportunity for a new relationship based on mutual respect and mutual responsibility between Indigenous and non-Indigenous Australia. Because without mutual respect and mutual responsibility, the truth is we can achieve very little.;Kevin Rudd;respect
In the mean time I worship God, laying every wrong action under an interdict which I endeavour to respect, and I loathe the wicked without doing them any injury.;Giacomo Casanova;respect
I refuse to step inside the ring and fight like a gladiator against my own. I'm not playing that game. Any woman who has survived a year or more of making music has my undying respect.;Shirley Manson;respect
If Milosevic is to be tried, he has to be tried by a proper court, an impartial, properly constituted court which has international respect.;Harold Pinter;respect
I've got no respect for any young man who won't join the colors.;Nathan Bedford Forrest;respect
I love Bono. I really respect what he has done for Africa and how he has used his fame to do good in the world. I hope I can do half as much in my life.;Alicia Keys;respect
Golf is game of respect and sportsmanship we have to respect its traditions and its rules.;Jack Nicklaus;respect
All due respect and trying to be as modest as I can be, I am a dancer. But I don't think I would be on 'Dancing with the Stars,' mainly because I would be too shy.;Al Pacino;respect
We've become much more casual and much more relaxed in social interactions, where there was a formality and maybe a kind of respect at that time that doesn't exist now.;Radha Mitchell;respect
We went online to surrogacy agencies. We interviewed lots of people - and I have to say, with all due respect, some of them were freaks. I was very leery of the process the whole way through.;Christopher Meloni;respect
You couldn't pay me enough to be a law enforcement officer. Their job is a tough job. You have to solve people's problems, you have to baby-sit people, you have to always be doing this cat-and-mouse game with the bad guys. My respect for them is immense.;Christopher Meloni;respect
If Copenhagen were a person, that person would be generous, beautiful, elderly, but with a flair. A human being that has certain propensities for quarrelling, filled with imagination and with appetite for the new and with respect for the old - somebody who takes good care of things and of people.;Connie Nielsen;respect
I don't think there's anything they can say about me that I haven't said about myself already. And I would be an absolute total liar, and my fans would not respect me, if I said that my life and my marriage are perfect. But we absolutely love each other we have fun together - it's great.;Mary J. Blige;respect
Psychology is as important as substance. If you treat people with respect, they will go out of their way to accommodate you. If you treat them in a patronizing way, they will go out of their way to make your life difficult.;Mohamed ElBaradei;respect
Having two daughters changed my perspective on a lot of things, and I definitely have a newfound respect for women. And I think I finally became a good and real man when I had a daughter.;Mark Wahlberg;respect
Since narcissism is fueled by a greater need to be admired than to be liked, psychologists might use that fact as a therapeutic lever - stressing to patients that being known as a narcissist will actually cause them to lose the respect and social status they crave.;Jeffrey Kluger;respect
You can be cool and at the same time respect your woman, who will hopefully become your wife, who will hopefully become the mother of your kids. America needs to get back to family values.;Martin Lawrence;respect
There is in us a lyric germ or nucleus which deserves respect it bids a man to ponder or create and in this dim corner of himself he can take refuge and find consolations which the society of his fellow creatures does not provide.;Norman Douglas;respect
Appellant constituted a legitimate class of one, and this provides a basis for Congress's decision to proceed with dispatch with respect to his materials.;William J. Brennan, Jr.;respect
A child is owed the greatest respect if you have ever have something disgraceful in mind, don't ignore your son's tender years.;Juvenal;respect
I have always striven to raise the voice of hope for a world where hate gives way to respect and oppression to liberation.;Theodore Bikel;respect
It's difficult to love someone you don't respect, which is hard to remember when you're having an argument.;Mehmet Oz;respect
I know people that I respect and admire and look up to who have had extra-marital affairs.;Gwyneth Paltrow;respect
Like many people in Britain, I have an affectionate respect for the Queen, and am surprised that I should be having such republican thoughts.;A. N. Wilson;respect
I really have a great deal of humility in that department, and a great deal of respect for people who spend their lives learning how to make these amazing preparations.;Ted Allen;respect
Just as the process of repealing national alcohol prohibition began with individual states repealing their own prohibition laws, so individual states must now take the initiative with respect to repealing marijuana prohibition laws.;George Soros;respect
The only theism worthy of our respect believes in God not because of the way the world is made but in spite of that. The only theism that is no less profound than the Buddha's atheism is that represented in the Bible by Job and Jeremiah.;Walter Kaufmann;respect
I just feel like if I do good work, then people should respect me for the work I do.;Scott Caan;respect
It's a paradox to be an actress, living in the city, taking planes all the time, trying to find the right balance in this life, which is not so eco-friendly, and still try to respect the environment.;Marion Cotillard;respect
I think we need to significantly reduce the regulatory burden on the private sector. The Obama administration is doing the opposite. They're loading on more and more regulation on the private respect to how the economy functions.;Dick Cheney;respect
We need to have a pro-growth policy put in place that offers people hope and offers the opportunity for businesses to expand and for them to have confidence in what the world is going to look like for the next two or three or four years with respect to economic policy.;Dick Cheney;respect
Before you, I engage myself to serve my country with the devotion and the exemplary that this post demands. I understand responsibilities of the job and, as such, I give a republican salute to Nicolas Sarkozy who has led France for 5 years and who deserves all of our respect.;Francois Hollande;respect
I want the French people to respect values that allow each individual to practice his or her faith, but in the frame of our common rules of secularism.;Francois Hollande;respect
I am for a clear distinction between public and private life. I believe private matters should be regulated in private and I have asked those close to me to respect this.;Francois Hollande;respect
The United Nations will be at the heart of our international activities. France will assume its full responsibilities at the Security Council by putting its status at the service of peace, respect for human rights and development.;Francois Hollande;respect
I have the absolute utmost respect for soap opera actors now. They work harder than any actor I know in any other medium. And they don't get very much approbation for it.;Joan Collins;respect
Not just Christians and Jews, but also Muslims, Buddhists, Hindus and the followers of many other religions believe in values like peace, respect, tolerance and dignity. These are values that bring people together and enable us to build responsible and solid communities.;Alcee Hastings;respect
My sisters and mom raised me to respect women and open doors for them.;Milo Ventimiglia;respect
That's the most important thing to me - that if I'm gonna spend however long it takes to make a movie, give up 14 hours a day for however many weeks or months, then it's very important for me to know that I'm working with people who I respect and enjoy and that we're going for something together.;Brad Pitt;respect
You treat a kid with respect and as an adult you talk to them as if they're smart people. But you don't throw at them the trappings of adulthood and you know, the darker stuff.;Dave Eggers;respect
I think almost every writer in the world would hope that books would be always talked about with respect and civility and depth and seriousness.;Dave Eggers;respect
I have respect for what other people believe. What I believe in my own life is that it's a search for how I can do things better, whether it's being a better man or a better father or finding ways for myself to improve.;Tom Cruise;respect
I still think that movies are amazing I respect actors and directors.;Joaquin Phoenix;respect
There is only one thing I respect in so-called Broadway actors... and that is their competitive sense.;Elia Kazan;respect
Boldness and decision command, often even in evil, the respect and concurrence of mankind.;Robert Dale Owen;respect
Respect and fear are two different things.;Jane Smiley;respect
The thing about Republicans is that they don't care so much about respect, but they love fear, at least in others.;Jane Smiley;respect
I've been a critic of the antiglobalization movement, and they've been a critic of me, but the one thing I respect about the movement is their authentic energy. These are not people who don't care about the world.;Thomas Friedman;respect
The country that owns green, that dominates that industry, is going to have the most energy security, national security, economic security, competitive companies, healthy population and, most of all, global respect.;Thomas Friedman;respect
You have to respect your parents. They are giving you an at-bat. If you're an entrepreneur and go into the family business, you want to grow fast. Patience is important. But respect the other party... My dad and I pulled it off because we really respect each other.;Gary Vaynerchuk;respect
We hope President Obama will now respect the will of the people, change course, and commit to making the changes they are demanding. To the extent he is willing to do this, we are ready to work with him.;John Boehner;respect
It's easy to see why pitchers respect McGwire. If you hit behind him, they're saying that they don't respect you. You have to change their thinking.;Eric Davis;respect
Among those who are satisfactory in this respect it is desirable to have represented as great a diversity of intellectual tradition, social milieu and personal character as possible.;Talcott Parsons;respect
It's hard for women who make a lot of money and make decisions all day long, then they have to come home and be 'Stupid Sally.' Men need respect, and they need to know that they can lead in the relationship, so even if they don't make the most money they need to be able to call the shots.;Patti Stanger;respect
With respect to the environment in our state and our state's future - in addition to water which is very important here - I think it is crucial for him to make a sincere commitment to energy efficiency, fuel efficiency, by helping us to produce those cars of the future.;Jennifer Granholm;respect
I have a lot of respect for marriage.;Dominic Monaghan;respect
I don't think socialism, and I don't think warmness and respect are necessarily bad words.;Dave Matthews;respect
Of course, Einstein was a very great scientist indeed, and I have enormous respect for him, and great admiration for the discoveries he made. But he was very committed to a view of the objectivity of the physical world.;John Polkinghorne;respect
I cannot consistently, with self respect, do other than I have, namely, to deliberately violate an act which seems to me to be a denial of everything which ideally and in practice I hold sacred.;Roger Nash Baldwin;respect
I listen to them freely and with all the respect merited by their intelligence, their character, their knowledge, reserving always my incontestable right of criticism and censure.;Mikhail Bakunin;respect
Where the people possess no authority, their rights obtain no respect.;George Bancroft;respect
One's nativity is not of his own choosing, but whatever it may be, it is entitled to respect and all nations have honorable place in the world's family.;Paul Harris;respect
Olympism seeks to create a way of life based on the joy found in effort, the educational value of a good example and respect for universal fundamental ethical principles.;Pierre de Coubertin;respect
It comes down to the way you treat people. When you treat people with dignity and respect all the time, you can work through anything.;John Bacon;respect
I respect someone's right to privacy and I want them to know it.;Terry Gross;respect
We were a family who had come from nothing and now we had respect from French people of all sorts.;Zinedine Zidane;respect
I think it's important for artists to work together. It's great for fans to see, like, Ludacris came out to our show in Atlanta and kinda made a surprise appearance there, it shows a mutual respect for what each other does.;Jason Aldean;respect
To live your life well, and have respect for what came before or after - there's a strong respect for that in African culture.;Anna Deavere Smith;respect
I don't think I look up to any players. Obviously you respect everyone.;Wayne Rooney;respect
My mom was a teacher - I have the greatest respect for the profession - we need great teachers - not poor or mediocre ones.;Condoleezza Rice;respect
If you don't respect me you're not gonna get that respect back.;David Hasselhoff;respect
I always remember having a healthy respect for my grandmother.;Prince William;respect
If your partner wants to be private, you have to respect that.;Billie Jean King;respect
