The little things, I can obey. But the big things - how we think, what we value - those you must choose yourself. You can't let anyone - or any society - determine those for you.;Morrie Schwartz;society
No good is ever done to society by the pictorial representation of its diseases.;John Ruskin;society
What you're seeing with Occupy Wall Street and the others are people who are unhappy and they're directing their unhappiness now toward Wall Street and toward those they think are doing too well in our society.;Colin Powell;society
In much of society, research means to investigate something you do not know or understand.;Neil Armstrong;society
The practice of patience toward one another, the overlooking of one another's defects, and the bearing of one another's burdens is the most elementary condition of all human and social activity in the family, in the professions, and in society.;Lawrence G. Lovasik;society
The people I respect most behave as if they were immortal and as if society was eternal.;E. M. Forster;society
Solitude is as needful to the imagination as society is wholesome for the character.;James Russell Lowell;society
The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens.;Alexis de Tocqueville;society
I have an intense dislike for artificial society. In France, one could lead a free life - to do what one wanted to do without interference or criticism from one's neighbors.;Robert W. Service;society
When the people become involved in their government, government becomes more accountable, and our society is stronger, more compassionate, and better prepared for the challenges of the future.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;society
We need to shift from an economic organizing principle for human civilization, to a humanitarian organizing principle. Making money more important than your own children is a pathological way for an individual to run their affairs, and it's a pathological way for a society to run its affairs.;Marianne Williamson;society
I'm also interested in the modern suggestion that you can have a combination of love and sex in a marriage - which no previous society has ever believed.;Alain de Botton;society
I'm not one of those who wants to purge our society of our Christian history.;Richard Dawkins;society
The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through.;Alexis de Tocqueville;society
The amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius, mental vigor, and moral courage it contained. That so few now dare to be eccentric marks the chief danger of the time.;John Stuart Mill;society
The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society.;Edward Bernays;society
The baby boomers are getting older, and will stay older for longer. And they will run right into the dementia firing range. How will a society cope? Especially a society that can't so readily rely on those stable family relationships that traditionally provided the backbone of care?;Terry Pratchett;society
Men of genius are often dull and inert in society as the blazing meteor, when it descends to earth, is only a stone.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;society
Let him who expects one class of society to prosper in the highest degree, while the other is in distress, try whether one side of the face can smile while the other is pinched.;Thomas Fuller;society
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.;William Makepeace Thackeray;society
Hip-hop reflects the truth, and the problem is that hip-hop exposes a lot of the negative truth that society tries to conceal. It's a platform where we could offer information, but it's also an escape.;Busta Rhymes;society
We live in a society obsessed with public opinion. But leadership has never been about popularity.;Marco Rubio;society
Professionalism is not sportsmanship. If you don't succeed, you won't be in your profession for long. In our society, it's not about good or bad. It's about who's on top.;Chili Davis;society
Society is now one polished horde, formed of two mighty tries, the Bores and Bored.;Lord Byron;society
Nothing seems at first sight less important than the outward form of human actions, yet there is nothing upon which men set more store: they grow used to everything except to living in a society which has not their own manners.;Alexis de Tocqueville;society
Individual versus group selection results in a mix of altruism and selfishness, of virtue and sin, among the members of a society.;E. O. Wilson;society
Racism is beyond common sense and has no place in our society.;Steven Patrick Morrissey;society
Human rights commissions, as they are evolving, are an attack on our fundamental freedoms and the basic existence of a democratic society... It is in fact totalitarianism. I find this is very scary stuff.;Stephen Harper;society
One of the marks of a truly vigorous society is the ability to dispense with passion as a midwife of action - the ability to pass directly from thought to action.;Eric Hoffer;society
We have to talk about liberating minds as well as liberating society.;Angela Davis;society
Society cares for the individual only so far as he is profitable.;Simone de Beauvoir;society
In a free society, government reflects the soul of its people. If people want change at the top, they will have to live in different ways. Our major social problems are not the cause of our decadence. They are a reflection of it.;Cal Thomas;society
Travel and society polish one, but a rolling stone gathers no moss, and a little moss is a good thing on a man.;John Burroughs;society
Human society sustains itself by transforming nature into garbage.;Mason Cooley;society
I believe we can continue the Great Society while we fight in Vietnam.;Lyndon B. Johnson;society
He who stands aloof runs the risk of believing himself better than others and misusing his critique of society as an ideology for his private interest.;Theodor Adorno;society
The reason why men enter into society is the preservation of their property.;John Locke;society
We are special because we've been united not by a common race or ethnicity. We're bound together by common values. That family is the most important institution in society. That almighty God is the source of all we have.;Marco Rubio;society
The individual is not accountable to society for his actions in so far as these concern the interests of no person but himself.;John Stuart Mill;society
Society is like the air, necessary to breathe but insufficient to live on.;George Santayana;society
Disturbances in society are never more fearful than when those who are stirring up the trouble can use the pretext of religion to mask their true designs.;Denis Diderot;society
The gift of loneliness is sometimes a radical vision of society or one's people that has not previously been taken into account.;Alice Walker;society
All partisan movements add to the fullness of our understanding of society as a whole. They never detract or, in any case, one must not allow them to do so. Experience adds to experience.;Alice Walker;society
A brain is a society of very small, simple modules that cannot be said to be thinking, that are not smart in themselves. But when you have a network of them together, out of that arises a kind of smartness.;Kevin Kelly;society
If we wish to preserve a free society, it is essential that we recognize that the desirability of a particular object is not sufficient justification for the use of coercion.;Friedrich August von Hayek;society
Even if society dictates that men and women should behave in certain ways, it is fathers and mothers who teach those ways to children not just in the words they say, but in the lives they lead.;Augustus Y. Napier;society
We have entered an age in which education is not just a luxury permitting some men an advantage over others. It has become a necessity without which a person is defenseless in this complex, industrialized society. We have truly entered the century of the educated man.;Lyndon B. Johnson;society
An emancipated society, on the other hand, would not be a unitary state, but the realization of universality in the reconciliation of differences.;Theodor Adorno;society
Who ever hears of fat men heading a riot, or herding together in turbulent mobs? No - no, your lean, hungry men who are continually worrying society, and setting the whole community by the ears.;Washington Irving;society
Women are the real architects of society.;Cher;society
Society attacks early, when the individual is helpless.;B. F. Skinner;society
What I work hard at doing is staying on a path of being kind and showing and proving that I'm a good person to society. That's hard. The talent, that's a gift. I just came here like that.;Erykah Badu;society
To love our neighbor as ourselves is such a truth for regulating human society, that by that alone one might determine all the cases in social morality.;John Locke;society
The only part of the conduct of any one, for which he is amenable to society, is that which concerns others. In the part which merely concerns himself, his independence is, of right, absolute. Over himself, over his own body and mind, the individual is sovereign.;John Stuart Mill;society
Our society is illuminated by the spiritual insights of the Hebrew prophets. America and Israel have a common love of human freedom, and they have a common faith in a democratic way of life.;Lyndon B. Johnson;society
The concept of the 'good ol' days' must be one of our society's biggest delusions, top reasons for depression, as well as most often used excuse for lack of success.;Bo Bennett;society
The only hope of socialism resides in those who have already brought about in themselves, as far as is possible in the society of today, that union between manual and intellectual labor which characterizes the society we are aiming at.;Simone Weil;society
There is one, and only one, thing in modern society more hideous than crime namely, repressive justice.;Simone Weil;society
I believe if there is any place left where the humanity is still visible, it can not be anywhere else than in an Islamic society. Time would come when the world would be obliged to accept this reality.;Jermaine Jackson;society
Once the fabric of a just society is undone, it takes generations to weave it back together.;Deepak Chopra;society
Political tyranny is nothing compared to the social tyranny and a reformer who defies society is a more courageous man than a politician who defies Government.;B. R. Ambedkar;society
Racism is taught in our society, it is not automatic. It is learned behavior toward persons with dissimilar physical characteristics.;Alex Haley;society
The Internet: transforming society and shaping the future through chat.;Dave Barry;society
A society that has more justice is a society that needs less charity.;Ralph Nader;society
Similarly, thought is a system. That system not only includes thought and feelings, but it includes the state of the body it includes the whole of society - as thought is passing back and forth between people in a process by which thought evolved from ancient times.;David Bohm;society
When an individual is protesting society's refusal to acknowledge his dignity as a human being, his very act of protest confers dignity on him.;Bayard Rustin;society
As long as you have a system that is based on the rational that if you are making money you are thereby making a contribution to society, these financial rogue practices will continue.;David Korten;society
There would be no society if living together depended upon understanding each other.;Eric Hoffer;society
But we have created a society that does not allow opportunities for those people to take care of themselves because we have denied them those opportunities.;Muhammad Yunus;society
Everyone in society should be a role model, not only for their own self-respect, but for respect from others.;Barry Bonds;society
It is impossible, in our condition of Society, not to be sometimes a Snob.;William Makepeace Thackeray;society
The most unpardonable sin in society is independence of thought.;Emma Goldman;society
A work of art has no importance whatever to society. It is only important to the individual.;Vladimir Nabokov;society
The society of dead authors has this advantage over that of the living: they never flatter us to our faces, nor slander us behind our backs, nor intrude upon our privacy, nor quit their shelves until we take them down.;Charles Caleb Colton;society
Dreams can become a reality when we possess a vision that is characterized by the willingness to work hard, a desire for excellence, and a belief in our right and our responsiblity to be equal members of society.;Janet Jackson;society
No power in society, no hardship in your condition can depress you, keep you down, in knowledge, power, virtue, influence, but by your own consent.;William Ellery Channing;society
In many ways, when you're a Nobel peace laureate, you have an obligation to humankind, to society.;Desmond Tutu;society
Sometimes the most positive thing you can be in a boring society is absolutely negative.;Johnny Rotten;society
Society, being codified by man, decrees that woman is inferior she can do away with this inferiority only by destroying the male's superiority.;Simone de Beauvoir;society
I'm interested in that drive, that rush to judgment, that is so prevalent in our society.We all know that pleasurable rush that comes from condemning, and in the short term it's quite a satisfying thing to do, isn't it?;J. K. Rowling;society
No matter what a woman's appearance may be, it will be used to undermine what she is saying and taken to individualize - as her personal problem - observations she makes about the beauty myth in society.;Naomi Wolf;society
Militant feminists are pro-choice because it's their ultimate avenue of power over men. And believe me, to them it is a question of power. It is their attempt to impose their will on the rest of society, particularly on men.;Rush Limbaugh;society
Society cannot share a common communication system so long as it is split into warring factions.;Bertolt Brecht;society
To conclude that women are unfitted to the task of our historic society seems to me the equivalent of closing male eyes to female facts.;Lyndon B. Johnson;society
There is pleasure in the pathless woods, there is rapture in the lonely shore, there is society where none intrudes, by the deep sea, and music in its roar I love not Man the less, but Nature more.;George Byron;society
A commercial society whose members are essentially ascetic and indifferent in social ritual has to be provided with blueprints and specifications for evoking the right tone for every occasion.;Marshall McLuhan;society
There is nothing more fearful for the average person in our society than to stand before a group of people and speak.;Charles R. Swindoll;society
A goose flies by a chart which the Royal Geographical Society could not mend.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;society
All the United States, it is a society that is split like to the bottom, that had very poor people in the country that is one of the wealthiest countries.;Desmond Tutu;society
People who own property feel a sense of ownership in their future and their society. They study, save, work, strive and vote. And people trapped in a culture of tenancy do not.;Henry Louis Gates;society
If we try to engineer outcomes, if we overturn tradition to make everyone the same, we ruin society. If we upset tradition to allow for an equal shot at the starting gate, everyone wins, except for the charlatans and would be dictators.;Ben Stein;society
I am certain no one sets out to be cruel, but our treatment of the elderly ill seems to have no philosophy to it. As a society, we should establish whether we have a policy of life at any cost.;Terry Pratchett;society
Tremendous amounts of talent are lost to our society just because that talent wears a skirt.;Shirley Chisholm;society
Technological society has succeeded in multiplying the opportunities for pleasure, but it has great difficulty in generating joy.;Pope Paul VI;society
Well I believe in the desirability of an optimal society.;Tom Stoppard;society
If you look at any Muslim society and you make a scale of how developed they are, and how successful the economy is, it's a straight line. It depends on how much they emancipate their women.;Christopher Hitchens;society
Politics I conceive to be nothing more than the science of the ordered progress of society along the lines of greatest usefulness and convenience to itself.;Woodrow Wilson;society
A junkie is someone who uses their body to tell society that something is wrong.;Stella Adler;society
What strikes me is the fact that in our society, art has become something which is only related to objects, and not to individuals, or to life.;Michel Foucault;society
