Imagination is the only key to the future. Without it none exists - with it all things are possible.;Ida Tarbell;imagination
Usually I say I have no imagination.;Jose Padilha;imagination
Imagination, the traitor of the mind, has taken my solitude and slain it.;Robinson Jeffers;imagination
As a bookish child in Calcutta, I used to thrill to the adventures of bad girls whose pursuit of happiness swept them outside the bounds of social decency. Tess of the d'Urbervilles, Emma Bovary and Anna Karenina lived large in my imagination. The naughty girls of Hollywood films flirted and knew how to drive.;Bharati Mukherjee;imagination
I loved the world of imagination.;R. A. Salvatore;imagination
People who think my books are autobiographical, which they're not, credit me with having a much better memory than I do. I do, however, have a powerful imagination.;Curtis Sittenfeld;imagination
I had been a reporter for 15 years when I set out to write my first novel. I knew how to research an article or profile a subject - skills that I assumed would be useless when it came to fiction. It was from my imagination that the characters in my story would emerge.;Amy Waldman;imagination
Imagination, it turns out, is a great deal like reporting in your own head. Here is a paradox of fiction-writing. You are crafting something from nothing, which means, in one sense, that none of it is true. Yet in the writing, and perhaps in the reading, some of a character's actions or lines are truer than others.;Amy Waldman;imagination
Although Bill Finger literally typed the scripts in the early days, he wrote the scripts from ideas that we mutually collaborated on. Many of the unique concepts and story twists also came from my own fertile imagination.;Bob Kane;imagination
When one paints an ideal, one does not need to limit one's imagination.;Ellen Key;imagination
Nature uses human imagination to lift her work of creation to even higher levels.;Luigi Pirandello;imagination
When you are young your imagination is so clear.;Nina Blackwood;imagination
I mean, it's fine when you're a kid and someone runs into the playground and goes, 'I've got this great game of pretend,' and you play... As an actor, getting to play, getting to use your imagination and be childish - it is weird but it's wonderful.;Max Irons;imagination
An art aims, above all, at producing something beautiful which affects not our feelings but the organ of pure contemplation, our imagination.;Eduard Hanslick;imagination
People can't just listen to the music and have their own imagination and take them where they wanna go.;Ann Wilson;imagination
I love costumes. I love getting dressed up because it really helps my imagination make the leap to believe that I am who I say I am.;Alessandro Nivola;imagination
It's just a way of trying to get to a third thing that's not particular to any quote-unquote genre. It's been great for me it's really opened me up and gotten me to use that part of my imagination. It's very scary in a lot of ways, and just as exciting.;Charlie Hunter;imagination
I guess what I've learned is that there are no boundaries when it comes to imagination. It's limitless.;Cliff Martinez;imagination
She has no imagination and that means no compassion.;Michael Foot;imagination
To them though, not to us, we were just a catalyst for their imagination.;Donald Sutherland;imagination
To put up a show is to face life's injustices with one of the few weapons available to a desperate and brave people, their imagination.;Luigi Barzini;imagination
I have learned the art of filling in your lines with your visuals and your movies and your imagination.;Daphne Zuniga;imagination
I definitely gravitate towards quality genre projects and genre of any kind whether it's science fiction, horror or really anything. I'm just drawn to quality. I don't think 'Darkness Falls' is horror there isn't any gore by any stretch of the imagination.;Emma Caulfield;imagination
It's a wonderful thing working with young actors. I know a lot of people don't like working with children. I actually adore it, because you watch their imagination open up and you watch them start to learn this job that I've been doing for so long. They come with such a lack of cynicism.;Michelle Forbes;imagination
We didn't have television until I was about eight years old, so it was either the movies or radio. A lot of radio drama. That was our television, you know. We had to use our imagination. So it was really those two things, and the comics, that I immersed myself in as a child.;Jessica Hagedorn;imagination
Grandchildren have taught me how important the future is. I try to look through their eyes and envision what's in their imagination. What's the world going to look like when they're my age? That really does take a huge imagination.;Richard Lugar;imagination
Catastrophes are often stimulated by the failure to feel the emergence of a domain, and so what cannot be felt in the imagination is experienced as embodied sensation in the catastrophe.;William Irwin Thompson;imagination
George has only got to ring me. His imagination is so wonderful, I'd do any character he might create.;Peter Mayhew;imagination
I don't know if Jim was a major part of that or not. He is one of a small group of real storytellers. He has enormous imagination and ability to write. I'm glad he's coming back. It's going to be good for the show.;Matthew Ashford;imagination
No film has captivated my imagination more than 'King Kong.' I'm making movies today because I saw this film when I was 9 years old.;Peter Jackson;imagination
Enthusiasm is that temper of the mind in which the imagination has got the better of the judgment.;William Warburton;imagination
If there is a book that the script came from you have to read it, you have to see what you can get out of it: mood, back story and things that may not even be in the film. They kick off your imagination and broaden the character, I think.;Miranda Otto;imagination
Regardless of who originally made it popular, any hit song becomes a challenge to the ingenuity and imagination of other musicians and performers.;Les Baxter;imagination
Most people have no imagination. If they could imagine the sufferings of others, they would not make them suffer so. What separated a German mother from a French mother?;Ernst Toller;imagination
I had this wild imagination. I was never me. All my childhood photos, I'm in fancy dress, playing a Russian refuge or Marvelous Mad Madam Mim.;Juno Temple;imagination
I was brought up in a very open, rural countryside in the middle of nowhere. There were no cell phones. If your lights went out, you were lit by candlelight for a good four days before they can get to you. And so, my imagination was crazy.;Juno Temple;imagination
I'm only interested in fiction that in some way or other voices the very imagination which is conceiving it.;John C. Hawkes;imagination
I like photographs which leave something to the imagination.;Fay Godwin;imagination
Being an actor in movies is a lot about the power of your imagination and making the circumstance real to you so the audience will feel that it's real.;Joel Kinnaman;imagination
Anyone who said he wasn't afraid during the civil rights movement was either a liar or without imagination. I was scared all the time. My hands didn't shake but inside I was shaking.;James L. Farmer, Jr.;imagination
As an actor I think sometimes producers need a little bit of encouragement to see you in a particular role, they may not have as much imagination as you would expect.;Steve Kanaly;imagination
Death? Why this fuss about death? Use your imagination, try to visualize a world without death! Death is the essential condition of life, not an evil.;Charlotte Perkins Gilman;imagination
Innovation is this amazing intersection between someone's imagination and the reality in which they live. The problem is, many companies don't have great imagination, but their view of reality tells them that it's impossible to do what they imagine.;Ron Johnson;imagination
It is the work of fancy to enlarge, but of judgment to shorten and contract and therefore this must be as far above the other as judgment is a greater and nobler faculty than fancy or imagination.;Robert South;imagination
In The Touch, the love scenes are the same as they were in The Thorn Birds or anything else I've ever written. I find a way of saying that either it was heaven or hell but in a way that still leaves room for the reader to use their own imagination.;Colleen McCullough;imagination
If they want to talk about aliens and anything like that... that's part of the gift God gave us. That's what makes life exciting. We're pretty stuck, you know. What gives flight to our life is our imagination.;Michael Moriarty;imagination
Censorship is never over for those who have experienced it. It is a brand on the imagination that affects the individual who has suffered it, forever.;Nadine Gordimer;imagination
There's not one major greatest influence on my career. It would be film and great artists and great imagineers - Jim Henson, Walt Disney, Charlie Chaplin, people who understand the joy of the imagination.;Zac Posen;imagination
My mother was making $135 a week, but she had resilience and imagination. She might take frozen vegetables, cook them with garlic, onion and Spam, and it would taste like a four-star dinner.;Andre Dubus III;imagination
There's no environment. Use your imagination. There's no fourth wall, whether it's the first time you've told this story about her life, or the sixth time.;Jill Clayburgh;imagination
I guess something that I've noticed from American acts who had success in touring is more of an explanation as to their music. Which is I think quite funny. I think British acts might like to leave more to the imagination - maybe a bit more obscure perhaps - a bit more shy.;Ben Lovett;imagination
There are two worlds: the world we can measure with line and rule, and the world that we feel with our hearts and imagination.;Leigh Hunt;imagination
Imagination is as vital to any advance in science as learning and precision are essential for starting points.;Percival Lowell;imagination
People know that they're going to see something which is entertaining but challenging as well because of the form it's in. It's dance theatre and it requires you to use your imagination - it's not straight forward.;Matthew Bourne;imagination
Every day the eye is subject to a thousand tiny shocks as a thousand industries compete for the eye-kick, the visual hook that will lock the consumer into product for that crucial second where the tiny - or not so tiny - leap of the imagination is made.;Graham Joyce;imagination
But the greatest thing about music is putting it out there for people to figure out. You want the listener to find the song on their own. If you give too much away, it takes away from the imagination.;Diana Krall;imagination
Suddenly the whole imagination of writing and editorial and newspaper and all these presumptions about who am I reading this, and who else other people may be, and all that, it's so grimly brutal!;Robert Creeley;imagination
I certainly know there are people in positions of power in the business who lack imagination and, perhaps as a result of that, think of me as 'David'. But I wouldn't really want to work with those people, you know?;Michael C. Hall;imagination
Fantasies are more than substitutes for unpleasant reality they are also dress rehearsals, plans. All acts performed in the world begin in the imagination.;Barbara Grizzuti Harrison;imagination
I'm not claiming that football is the nation's salvation in this area, but it's one of them, one little thing that apparently has captured the imagination of a large sector of our society. But when football can't be a relatively pure outlet, a fun thing, then it hurts itself.;Pete Rozelle;imagination
A man to carry on a successful business must have imagination. He must see things as in a vision, a dream of the whole thing.;Charles M. Schwab;imagination
The fashions of the ages vary in this direction and that, but they vary for the most part from a central road which was struck out by the imagination of Greece.;Gilbert Murray;imagination
But there is so much more to do for the city we love... a Dallas with roads as strong as our businesses, parks as beautiful as our children, a downtown as tall as our imagination.;Laura Miller;imagination
Because of my faith and my imagination, I was able to enjoy my childhood, even though it was tough.;Donna Brazile;imagination
The imagination is the golden pathway to everywhere.;Terence McKenna;imagination
Doing 'White Collar,' quite often my character goes undercover, so therein lies the compounding of the imagination. I get to play Peter Burke and then someone else when Peter Burke goes undercover.;Tim DeKay;imagination
Richard Hugo taught me that anyone with a desire to write, an ear for language and a bit of imagination could become a writer. He also, in a way, gave me permission to write about northern Montana.;James Welch;imagination
The Polar Express is about faith, and the power of imagination to sustain faith. It's also about the desire to reside in a world where magic can happen, the kind of world we all believed in as children, but one that disappears as we grow older.;Chris Van Allsburg;imagination
But who can paint like Nature? Can imagination boast, amid its gay creation, hues like hers?;James Thomson;imagination
I think it's fun to play with worlds that you can add a lot of your own imagination to. With 'True Blood,' you're not limited by anything, there are just leaps and bounds of the imagination you can take with these characters.;Deborah Ann Woll;imagination
When we had to do book reports, I would pick a book that no one read and just make it up and turn that in. I got praised for my imagination.;Ahmet Zappa;imagination
The capacity you're thinking of is imagination without it there can be no understanding, indeed no fiction.;William Trevor;imagination
I'd love to play more challenging roles, characters that would stretch my comfort zone and imagination.;Isabelle Fuhrman;imagination
I don't think that people should wear dresses two sizes too small. I just think that sexiness is better left to the imagination. It's just more tasteful.;Rachel Zoe;imagination
You know, working as an actor, I'm always working within my own imagination.;Charles Keating;imagination
What I love most about animation is, it's a team sport, and everything we do is about pure imagination.;Jeffrey Katzenberg;imagination
It takes great skill to tell a compelling story in under 60 seconds. These five directors have mastered the format, using their talent, craft and imagination to provide us with some of the most innovative filmmaking out there today.;Michael Apted;imagination
I've got research, I have my own life experience I can apply, and I have my imagination.;Chris Cooper;imagination
Be drawn to the visual arts for it can expand your imagination.;Barbara Januszkiewicz;imagination
I always know exactly where my stories take place, which gives me something certain so I can use my imagination for the other stuff. I worry though, who wants to keep reading stories about Kalamazoo?;Bonnie Jo Campbell;imagination
With the world as it now presents itself, there is something perverse, and probably dysfunctional, about a person who stays in the same house for 40 years. What about the expanding family syndrome, the school-lottery migration, the property portfolio neurosis? Have you no imagination?;Iain Sinclair;imagination
When I was on my own in a hotel room in Romania, I had the imagination to keep myself occupied.;Rhona Mitra;imagination
We can live with lots of things, but we can't live without imagination, we can't live without hope.;Ariel Dorfman;imagination
Writing a novel is not merely going on a shopping expedition across the border to an unreal land: it is hours and years spent in the factories, the streets, the cathedrals of the imagination.;Janet Frame;imagination
I think reading is important for a variety of things. I mean, first of all, it's a way to get information and find out what's going on in the world. But also, it helps your imagination.;Breckin Meyer;imagination
I think we're all a little afraid of the dark. If you lived in the country, as I did, there's nothing quite like country dark, which was really black. And as a child, your imagination runs wild.;Malcolm McDowell;imagination
Poetry proceeds from the totality of man, sense, imagination, intellect, love, desire, instinct, blood and spirit together.;Jacques Maritain;imagination
My imagination is my polestar I steer by that.;Clive Barker;imagination
A child who has never fantasized about having other parents is seriously lacking in imagination.;Fred G. Gosman;imagination
You expect far too much of a first sentence. Think of it as analogous to a good country breakfast: what we want is something simple, but nourishing to the imagination.;Larry McMurtry;imagination
Now, I'm a failed political consultant. But sometimes fiction has a way of capturing people's imagination in a way that non-fiction doesn't. Conservatives typically haven't written much fiction - specifically political thrillers - over the years to educate, inspire and mobilize people on issues of great import, but we ought to.;Joel C. Rosenberg;imagination
When you believe in what you're doing and use your imagination and initiative, you can make a difference.;Samuel Dash;imagination
And, as I have said, it's made me think twice about the imagination. If the spirits aren't external, how astonishing the mediums become! Victor Hugo said of his voices that they were like his own mental powers multiplied by five.;James Merrill;imagination
When it came to political power, blacks need not apply. Add to this steaming stew the growing tensions over the Vietnam War and the movement for civil rights, and you had plenty of elements to fire the imagination of a novice journalist.;Andrea Mitchell;imagination
Further, for once, I like the idea that people who think I'm a constant voice for the furthering of the imagination have to see that interest in a more materialistic fashion.;Peter Sotos;imagination
It takes as much imagination to create debt as to create income.;Leonard Orr;imagination
But in a 24-hour day, the 25th hour is also the impossible hour, an hour that doesn't exist, that can only be created by the imagination.;David Benioff;imagination
I was a wild, mischievous kid, and I had tremendous imagination. Any experience I had, I'd try to reenact it.;Adrien Brody;imagination
The loss of liberty which must attend being a wife was of all things the most horrible to my imagination.;Sarah Fielding;imagination
