Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses.;Ann Landers;friendship
If we listened to our intellect, we'd never have a love affair. We'd never have a friendship. We'd never go into business, because we'd be cynical. Well, that's nonsense. You've got to jump off cliffs all the time and build your wings on the way down.;Ray Bradbury;friendship
Friendship often ends in love but love in friendship - never.;Charles Caleb Colton;friendship
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day.;John Wooden;friendship
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune to keep him is a blessing.;Baltasar Gracian;friendship
Peace and friendship with all mankind is our wisest policy, and I wish we may be permitted to pursue it.;Thomas Jefferson;friendship
Friendship with ones self is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.;Eleanor Roosevelt;friendship
Friendship is but another name for an alliance with the follies and the misfortunes of others. Our own share of miseries is sufficient: why enter then as volunteers into those of another?;Thomas Jefferson;friendship
Eros will have naked bodies Friendship naked personalities.;C. S. Lewis;friendship
Peace, commerce and honest friendship with all nations entangling alliances with none.;Thomas Jefferson;friendship
True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation.;George Washington;friendship
A friendship that like love is warm A love like friendship, steady.;Thomas Moore;friendship
True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks.;St. Jerome;friendship
A woman may very well form a friendship with a man, but for this to endure, it must be assisted by a little physical antipathy.;Friedrich Nietzsche;friendship
Love is a friendship set to music.;Joseph Campbell;friendship
The two most misused words in the entire English vocabulary are love and friendship. A true friend would die for you, so when you start trying to count them on one hand, you don't need any fingers.;Larry Flynt;friendship
All lasting business is built on friendship.;Alfred A. Montapert;friendship
Friendship is the shadow of the evening, which increases with the setting sun of life.;Jean de La Fontaine;friendship
Friendship, like the immortality of the soul, is too good to be believed.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;friendship
Perfect friendship is the friendship of men who are good, and alike in excellence for these wish well alike to each other qua good, and they are good in themselves.;Aristotle;friendship
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.;Hubert H. Humphrey;friendship
Friendship is essentially a partnership.;Aristotle;friendship
Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship.;Marilyn Monroe;friendship
Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship.;Lord Byron;friendship
A tree is known by its fruit a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.;Saint Basil;friendship
False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports.;Richard Burton;friendship
I had three chairs in my house one for solitude, two for friendship, three for society.;Henry David Thoreau;friendship
I think it's important to have closure in any relationship that ends - from a romantic relationship to a friendship. You should always have a sense of clarity at the end and know why it began and why it ended. You need that in your life to move cleanly into your next phase.;Jennifer Aniston;friendship
Friendship is a plant of slow growth and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity before it is entitled to the appellation.;George Washington;friendship
Depth of friendship does not depend on length of acquaintance.;Rabindranath Tagore;friendship
Friendship, like credit, is highest when it is not used.;Elbert Hubbard;friendship
The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;friendship
How can sincerity be a condition of friendship? A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing.;Albert Camus;friendship
It may happen sometimes that a long debate becomes the cause of a longer friendship. Commonly, those who dispute with one another at last agree.;Elbert Hubbard;friendship
Friendship is two-sided. It isn't a friend just because someone's doing something nice for you. That's a nice person. There's friendship when you do for each other. It's like marriage - it's two-sided.;John Wooden;friendship
One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, indignation and compassion.;Simone de Beauvoir;friendship
Dad needs to show an incredible amount of respect and humor and friendship toward his mate so the kids understand their parents are sexy, they're fun, they do things together, they're best friends. Kids learn by example. If I respect Mom, they're going to respect Mom.;Tim Allen;friendship
There is something in the unselfish and self-sacrificing love of a brute, which goes directly to the heart of him who has had frequent occasion to test the paltry friendship and gossamer fidelity of mere Man.;Edgar Allan Poe;friendship
There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child.;Henry Ward Beecher;friendship
The essence of true friendship is to make allowance for another's little lapses.;David Storey;friendship
The Bush Administration's failure to be consistently involved in helping Israel achieve peace with the Palestinians has been both wrong for our friendship with Israel, as well as badly damaging to our standing in the Arab world.;Barack Obama;friendship
What I cannot love, I overlook. Is that real friendship?;Anais Nin;friendship
Friendship is the marriage of the soul, and this marriage is liable to divorce.;Voltaire;friendship
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.;Elie Wiesel;friendship
It is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend his faults. So to love a man that you cannot bear to see a stain upon him, and to speak painful truth through loving words, that is friendship.;Henry Ward Beecher;friendship
True friendship is like sound health the value of it is seldom known until it is lost.;Charles Caleb Colton;friendship
What sweetness is left in life, if you take away friendship? Robbing life of friendship is like robbing the world of the sun. A true friend is more to be esteemed than kinsfolk.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;friendship
Friendship is a pretty full-time occupation if you really are friendly with somebody. You can't have too many friends because then you're just not really friends.;Truman Capote;friendship
Marriage: A friendship recognized by the police.;Robert Louis Stevenson;friendship
If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love.;Michel de Montaigne;friendship
However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;friendship
What men have called friendship is only a social arrangement, a mutual adjustment of interests, an interchange of services given and received it is, in sum, simply a business from which those involved propose to derive a steady profit for their own self-love.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;friendship
Don't flatter yourself that friendship authorizes you to say disagreeable things to your intimates. The nearer you come into relation with a person, the more necessary do tact and courtesy become.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;friendship
Friendship is Love without his wings!;Lord Byron;friendship
Laughter is not a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is the best ending for one.;Henry Ward Beecher;friendship
Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious.;Thomas Aquinas;friendship
I have a loyalty that runs in my bloodstream, when I lock into someone or something, you can't get me away from it because I commit that thoroughly. That's in friendship, that's a deal, that's a commitment. Don't give me paper - I can get the same lawyer who drew it up to break it. But if you shake my hand, that's for life.;Jerry Lewis;friendship
Fan the sinking flame of hilarity with the wing of friendship and pass the rosy wine.;Charles Dickens;friendship
Loyalty and friendship, which is to me the same, created all the wealth that I've ever thought I'd have.;Ernie Banks;friendship
People come in and out of our lives, and the true test of friendship is whether you can pick back up right where you left off the last time you saw each other.;Lisa See;friendship
Sympathy constitutes friendship but in love there is a sort of antipathy, or opposing passion. Each strives to be the other, and both together make up one whole.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;friendship
If we are to judge of love by its consequences, it more nearly resembles hatred than friendship.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;friendship
Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.;Anton Chekhov;friendship
In friendship as well as love, ignorance very often contributes more to our happiness than knowledge.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;friendship
Opposition is true friendship.;William Blake;friendship
Friendship is like money, easier made than kept.;Samuel Butler;friendship
Even in the common affairs of life, in love, friendship, and marriage, how little security have we when we trust our happiness in the hands of others!;William Hazlitt;friendship
Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;friendship
Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship.;Epicurus;friendship
Friendship, like love, is destroyed by long absence, though it may be increased by short intermissions.;Samuel Johnson;friendship
Love is friendship set on fire.;Jeremy Taylor;friendship
True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one's self, and in the next, from the friendship and conversation of a few select companions.;Joseph Addison;friendship
Caring for but never trying to own may be a further way to define friendship.;William Glasser;friendship
If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, sir, should keep his friendship in a constant repair.;Samuel Johnson;friendship
The fact is, with every friendship you make, and every bond of trust you establish, you are shaping the image of America projected to the rest of the world. That is so important. So when you study abroad, you're actually helping to make America stronger.;Michelle Obama;friendship
No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth.;Robert Southey;friendship
My parents, and librarians along the way, taught me about the space between words about the margins, where so many juicy moments of life and spirit and friendship could be found. In a library, you could find miracles and truth and you might find something that would make you laugh so hard that you get shushed, in the friendliest way.;Anne Lamott;friendship
Friendship increases in visiting friends, but in visiting them seldom.;Francis Bacon;friendship
If one of two lovers is loyal, and the other jealous and false, how may their friendship last, for Love is slain!;Marie de France;friendship
There is a scarcity of friendship, but not of friends.;Thomas Fuller;friendship
No matter what message you are about to deliver somewhere, whether it is holding out a hand of friendship, or making clear that you disapprove of something, is the fact that the person sitting across the table is a human being, so the goal is to always establish common ground.;Madeleine Albright;friendship
To be capable of steady friendship or lasting love, are the two greatest proofs, not only of goodness of heart, but of strength of mind.;William Hazlitt;friendship
The greatest sweetener of human life is Friendship. To raise this to the highest pitch of enjoyment, is a secret which but few discover.;Joseph Addison;friendship
The feeling of friendship is like that of being comfortably filled with roast beef love, like being enlivened with champagne.;Samuel Johnson;friendship
Do not keep on with a mockery of friendship after the substance is gone - but part, while you can part friends. Bury the carcass of friendship: it is not worth embalming.;William Hazlitt;friendship
Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does.;Jane Austen;friendship
Real friendship, like real poetry, is extremely rare - and precious as a pearl.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;friendship
I have long enjoyed the friendship and companionship of Republicans because I am by instinct a teacher, and I would like to teach them something.;Woodrow Wilson;friendship
Bad faith likes discourse on friendship and loyalty.;Mason Cooley;friendship
One friend in a lifetime is much, two are many, three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.;Henry Adams;friendship
To want friendship is a great fault. Friendship ought to be a gratuitous joy, like the joys afforded by art or life.;Simone Weil;friendship
The friendship that can cease has never been real.;St. Jerome;friendship
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected.;Charles Lamb;friendship
All those who offer an opinion on any doubtful point should first clear their minds of every sentiment of dislike, friendship, anger or pity.;Sallust;friendship
General benevolence, but not general friendship, made a man what he ought to be.;Jane Austen;friendship
Moral science is better occupied when treating of friendship than of justice.;Thomas Aquinas;friendship
But it all comes down to friendship, treating people right.;Ernie Banks;friendship
Few things tend more to alienate friendship than a want of punctuality in our engagements. I have known the breach of a promise to dine or sup to break up more than one intimacy.;William Hazlitt;friendship
It is difficult to obtain the friendship of a cat. It is a philosophical animal... one that does not place its affections thoughtlessly.;Theophile Gautier;friendship
