Beauty, like ice, our footing does betray Who can tread sure on the smooth, slippery way: Pleased with the surface, we glide swiftly on, And see the dangers that we cannot shun.;John Dryden;beauty
Filipinos want beauty. I have to look beautiful so that the poor Filipinos will have a star to look at from their slums.;Imelda Marcos;beauty
I have been overcome by the beauty and richness of our life together, those early mornings setting out, those evenings gleaming with rivers and lakes below us, still holding the last light.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;beauty
I was always reading those beauty magazines and wanting to become this unattainable thing.;Jennifer Aniston;beauty
I love Rauschenberg. I love that he created a turning point in visual history, that he redefined the idea of beauty, that he combined painting, sculpture, photography, and everyday life with such gall, and that he was interested in, as he put it, 'the ability to conceive failure as progress.';Jerry Saltz;beauty
Abstraction brings the world into more complex, variable relations it can extract beauty, alternative topographies, ugliness, and intense actualities from seeming nothingness.;Jerry Saltz;beauty
In such ugly times, the only true protest is beauty.;Phil Ochs;beauty
During the 80s and 90s, we all became consumed with ourselves. In the 21st century, we've come back to simpler times. People are struggling economically and this has forced them to scale back the material aspects of their lives and realise the beauty of finding the simple joy in being with the people we love.;Julia Roberts;beauty
Beauty attracts us men but if, like an armed magnet it is pointed, beside, with gold and silver, it attracts with tenfold power.;Jean Paul;beauty
So much has been said and sung of beautiful young girls, why doesn't somebody wake up to the beauty of old women.;Harriet Beecher Stowe;beauty
In LA, where I live, it's all about perfectionism. Beauty is now defined by your bones sticking out of your decolletage. For that to be the standard is really perilous for women.;Alanis Morissette;beauty
Beauty is now defined by your bones sticking out of your decolletage. For that to be the standard is really perilous for women.;Alanis Morissette;beauty
Beauty will be convulsive or will not be at all.;Andre Breton;beauty
The pleasure we derive from the representation of the present is due, not only to the beauty it can be clothed in, but also to its essential quality of being the present.;Charles Baudelaire;beauty
This is the beauty of the Qur'an: it asks you to reflect and reason, and not to worship the sun or moon but the One who has created everything. The Qur'an asks man to reflect upon the sun and moon and God's creation in general.;Cat Stevens;beauty
Poetry lifts the veil from the hidden beauty of the world, and makes familiar objects be as if they were not familiar.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;beauty
Obscenity, which is ever blasphemy against the divine beauty in life, is a monster for which the corruption of society forever brings forth new food, which it devours in secret.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;beauty
Everybody know, I don't do no promoting. I don't ever have to promote nothing, that's the beauty of Lil Wayne.;Lil Wayne;beauty
Whenever, at a party, I have been in the mood to study fools, I have always looked for a great beauty: they always gather round her like flies around a fruit stall.;Jean Paul;beauty
The first show I ever did, singing and dancing, was 'Beauty and the Beast.' I was playing Gaston. Gaston has red tights, knee high boots, and it's very physical. I had headaches every day for two months.;Hugh Jackman;beauty
A bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty and a boy forever.;Helen Rowland;beauty
Beauty and brains, pleasure and usability - they should go hand in hand.;Donald Norman;beauty
Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies. If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, that's beautiful.;Rashida Jones;beauty
The key to education is the experience of beauty.;Friedrich Schiller;beauty
Blues and soul and jazz music has so much pain, so much beauty of raw emotion and passion.;Christina Aguilera;beauty
Today I see beauty everywhere I go, in every face I see, in every single soul.;Kevyn Aucoin;beauty
Aging has a wonderful beauty and we should have respect for that.;Eartha Kitt;beauty
There are as many kinds of beauty as there are habitual ways of seeking happiness.;Charles Baudelaire;beauty
The study of beauty is a duel in which the artist cries with terror before being defeated.;Charles Baudelaire;beauty
Beauty is the sole ambition, the exclusive goal of Taste.;Charles Baudelaire;beauty
Swift speedy time, feathered with flying hours, Dissolves the beauty of the fairest brow.;Lord Chesterfield;beauty
Beauty is that which is simultaneously attractive and sublime.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;beauty
I slept and dreamt that life was beauty I woke and found that life was duty.;George Byron;beauty
It's not some great work of beauty and love to be a rock-and-roll singer.;Robert Plant;beauty
The absence of flaw in beauty is itself a flaw.;Havelock Ellis;beauty
The true beauty of music is that it connects people. It carries a message, and we, the musicians, are the messengers.;Roy Ayers;beauty
Walk on a rainbow trail walk on a trail of song, and all about you will be beauty. There is a way out of every dark mist, over a rainbow trail.;Robert Motherwell;beauty
I have always known what I wanted, and that was beauty... in every form.;Joan Crawford;beauty
Liturgy is like a strong tree whose beauty is derived from the continuous renewal of its leaves, but whose strength comes from the old trunk, with solid roots in the ground.;Pope Paul VI;beauty
Beauty is merciless. You do not look at it, it looks at you and does not forgive.;Nikos Kazantzakis;beauty
People often say that 'beauty is in the eye of the beholder,' and I say that the most liberating thing about beauty is realizing that you are the beholder. This empowers us to find beauty in places where others have not dared to look, including inside ourselves.;Salma Hayek;beauty
Beauty opened all the doors it got me things I didn't even know I wanted, and things I certainly didn't deserve.;Janice Dickinson;beauty
Soon I realized that if beauty equalled forgiveness, I was never going to be forgiven.;Kevyn Aucoin;beauty
By its very nature the beautiful is isolated from everything else. From beauty no road leads to reality.;Hannah Arendt;beauty
For all of nature's wonder and beauty, it is also hostile and unpredictable.;Liam Neeson;beauty
Beauty, whether moral or natural, is felt, more properly than perceived.;David Hume;beauty
Accuracy is, in every case, advantageous to beauty, and just reasoning to delicate sentiment. In vain would we exalt the one by depreciating the other.;David Hume;beauty
Filipinos don't wallow in what is miserable and ugly. They recycle the bad into things of beauty.;Imelda Marcos;beauty
Depression opens the door to beauty of some kind.;James Hillman;beauty
Somehow a bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty and a boy forever.;Helen Rowland;beauty
Beauty is not something you can count on. Usually, when people say you are beautiful, it is when there is a harmony between the inside and the outside.;Emmanuelle Beart;beauty
Pay attention to the beauty surrounding you.;Anne Lamott;beauty
I'm not ugly, but my beauty is a total creation.;Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel;beauty
The beauty one can find in art is one of the pitifully few real and lasting products of human endeavor.;Paul Getty;beauty
Only when inspired to go beyond consciousness by some extraordinary insight does beauty manifest unexpectedly.;Arthur Erickson;beauty
I think exercise tests us in so many ways, our skills, our hearts, our ability to bounce back after setbacks. This is the inner beauty of sports and competition, and it can serve us all well as adult athletes.;Peggy Fleming;beauty
Ugliness is in a way superior to beauty because it lasts.;Serge Gainsbourg;beauty
I've never had any illusions about being a lead actor in films, because lead actors have to be of a certain kind. Apart from the beauty of looks and figure, which I cannot claim to have, there's just a particular kind of ordinary-Joe quality that a film star needs to have.;Stephen Fry;beauty
Let me tell you something - being thought of as a beautiful woman has spared me nothing in life. No heartache, no trouble. Love has been difficult. Beauty is essentially meaningless and it is always transitory.;Halle Berry;beauty
Beauty when unadorned is adorned the most.;St. Jerome;beauty
The 1990s, after the reign of terror of academic vandalism, will be a decade of restoration: restoration of meaning, value, beauty, pleasure, and emotion to art and restoration of art to its audience.;Camille Paglia;beauty
I believe that history has shape, order, and meaning that exceptional men, as much as economic forces, produce change and that passe abstractions like beauty, nobility, and greatness have a shifting but continuing validity.;Camille Paglia;beauty
Younger women have no problem in reconciling beauty with ambitions as a professional woman.;Camille Paglia;beauty
It seems like the chaos of this world is accelerating, but so is the beauty in the consciousness of more and more people.;Anthony Kiedis;beauty
I'm tired of all this nonsense about beauty being skin deep. That's deep enough. What do you want, an adorable pancreas?;Jean Kerr;beauty
Sometimes the beauty is easy. Sometimes you don't have to try at all. Sometimes you can hear the wind blow in a handshake. Sometimes there's poetry written right on the bathroom wall.;Ani DiFranco;beauty
A horse is a thing of beauty... none will tire of looking at him as long as he displays himself in his splendor.;Xenophon;beauty
I wasn't afraid of getting old, because I was never a great beauty.;Shirley MacLaine;beauty
Beauty is but the sensible image of the Infinite. Like truth and justice it lives within us like virtue and the moral law it is a companion of the soul.;George Bancroft;beauty
What matters poverty? What matters anything to him who is enamoured of our art? Does he not carry in himself every joy and every beauty?;Sarah Bernhardt;beauty
The pain passes, but the beauty remains.;Auguste Renoir;beauty
I always find beauty in things that are odd and imperfect - they are much more interesting.;Marc Jacobs;beauty
There is no racial or ethnic involvement in Thanksgiving, and people who may be very distant from the Christian system can see the beauty and the positive spirit that comes from the holiday.;John Clayton;beauty
But the gravest difficulty, and perhaps the most important, in poetry meant solely for recitation, is the difficulty of achieving verbal beauty, or rather of making verbal beauty tell.;Lascelles Abercrombie;beauty
You fall into my arms. You are the good gift of destruction's path, When life sickens more than disease. And boldness is the root of beauty. Which draws us together.;Boris Pasternak;beauty
Beyond the beauty, the sex, the titillation, the surface, there is a human being. And that has to emerge.;Jeanne Moreau;beauty
Most women are dissatisfied with their appearance - it's the stuff that fuels the beauty and fashion industries.;Annie Lennox;beauty
When I look at the majority of my own songs they really came from my own sense of personal confusion or need to express some pain or beauty - they were coming from a universal and personal place.;Annie Lennox;beauty
I mean, no one asks beauty secrets of me, or 'What size do you wear?' or 'Who's your couturier?' They ask me about really deep things and I love that.;Shirley MacLaine;beauty
Beauty is grace and confidence. I've learned to accept and appreciate what nature gave me.;Lindsay Lohan;beauty
I would rather be adorned by beauty of character than jewels. Jewels are the gift of fortune, while character comes from within.;Plautus;beauty
The truth, the absolute truth, is that the chief beauty for the theatre consists in fine bodily proportions.;Sarah Bernhardt;beauty
The human face is the organic seat of beauty. It is the register of value in development, a record of Experience, whose legitimate office is to perfect the life, a legible language to those who will study it, of the majestic mistress, the soul.;Eliza Farnham;beauty
It seems to me that the natural world is the greatest source of excitement the greatest source of visual beauty the greatest source of intellectual interest. It is the greatest source of so much in life that makes life worth living.;David Attenborough;beauty
Beauty is only skin deep, but it's a valuable asset if you're poor or haven't any sense.;Vernon Howard;beauty
There is little premium in poetry in a world that thinks of Pound and Whitman as a weight and a sampler, not an Ezra, a Walt, a thing of beauty, a joy forever.;Anna Quindlen;beauty
Death is the mother of Beauty hence from her, alone, shall come fulfillment to our dreams and our desires.;Wallace Stevens;beauty
The fame that goes with wealth and beauty is fleeting and fragile intellectual superiority is a possession glorious and eternal.;Sallust;beauty
I didn't appreciate the young woman that I was, or my young beauty, because I was so obsessed with the fact that I felt fat. It's never good to add to anybody else's suffering. It's an important topic to really get the gravity and the importance of - dealing with dignity.;Margaret Cho;beauty
A lot of punk rock is not going to be in the mainstream. It's below the radar. The beauty of it is that you're not supposed to always know. It's subterranean.;Billie Joe Armstrong;beauty
It's such a diversion to be constantly thinking of better ways I can teach people math that my hunger is for that really, for new ways of translating the beauty of it.;Danica McKellar;beauty
My beauty secret is absolutely no sun.;Vivienne Westwood;beauty
Standards of beauty are arbitrary. Body shame exists only to the extent that our physiques don't match our own beliefs about how we should look.;Martha Beck;beauty
Because, if one is writing novels today, concentrating on the beauty of the prose is right up there with concentrating on your semi-colons, for wasted effort.;Neil Gaiman;beauty
As soon as beauty is sought not from religion and love, but for pleasure, it degrades the seeker.;Annie Dillard;beauty
Beauty is an outward gift which is seldom despised, except by those to whom it has been refused.;Edward Gibbon;beauty
Beauty is often worse than wine intoxicating both the holder and beholder.;John Zimmerman;beauty
All the freaky people make the beauty of the world.;Michael Franti;beauty
I like to embrace natural beauty. I try to get at least 8 hours of sleep, drinking a lot of water and exercising.;Tia Mowry;beauty
