My nickname for my mom was 'The Compass.';Dane Cook;mom
Well, you know, I was raised by a 1970s feminist. My mom had a consciousness-raising group. I used to sit at the top of the stairs and listen to them.;Ayelet Waldman;mom
Grades were important in our house. I was reading by two. My mom would sit there and read with me, read with me, read with me. It was wonderful.;Fergie;mom
When I was growing up, my mother was always a friend to my siblings and me (in addition to being all the other things a mom is), and I was always grateful for that because I knew she was someone I could talk to and joke with, and argue with and that nothing would ever harm that friendship.;Marlo Thomas;mom
Dinner 'conversation' at the Cohens' meant my sister, mom, and I relaying in brutal detail the day's events in a state of amplified hysteria, while my father listened to his own smooth jazz station in his head.;Andy Cohen;mom
If you go from a structure where you have the support and that partner and that construction of a family and that's broken apart, I think that's probably a lot harder than always being a single mom and having the father being a support in another area.;Bridget Moynahan;mom
Ever since I was a little kid, I've felt comfortable in a suit. It all started when my mom bought me a three-piece Pierre Cardin suit. I wore that thing everywhere. Eventually I realized I was going to be the kid who got beat up in school, but I kept wearing it.;Paul Feig;mom
I was blessed, because I come from a family where they knock you down before you float away. I have a lot of brothers who just make sure we have our feet on the ground, and my mom is a rock star. She is an amazing mother.;Kellan Lutz;mom
I spend my afternoons painting and working on my Open Hearts jewelry line for Kay Jewelers. I designed an image of a heart that isn't completely closed. My mom always told me to live with an open heart - when life gets tough, you should go out and help someone else.;Jane Seymour;mom
What does good in bed mean to me? When I'm sick and I stay home from school propped up with lots of pillows watching TV and my mom brings me soup - that's good in bed.;Brooke Shields;mom
My mom passed away a day before high school started, and her dream was for me to be a full rock and roll guy, and play drums in a band.;Travis Barker;mom
My mom listened to the Beatles and Elvis, a lot of different types of music.;Travis Barker;mom
My mom died when I was 16. I had a rough childhood, you know what I mean, but it made me strong.;Travis Barker;mom
My mom was scared of the old Times Square so I was never allowed to go. Now I'm scared of the new Times Square, so I still never go.;Padma Lakshmi;mom
I'm an immigrant kid who came to America from India when I was very young and grew up in New York City with a single mom and really was influenced by all of those immigrant cultures bumping up against each other.;Padma Lakshmi;mom
I never Tweet about my daughter. Never. I just want to be respectful of her privacy. My job as a mom is to know when to open my mouth and when not to.;Padma Lakshmi;mom
I think I'm a really hands-on mom.;Brooke Burke;mom
When I was a new mom, I used to think that life was going to be balanced, and I strived for that. But life is crazy!;Brooke Burke;mom
My mom was a ventriloquist and she always was throwing her voice. For ten years I thought the dog was telling me to kill my father.;Wendy Liebman;mom
Wigs have always been a part of my life and have become a staple accessory in my closet. I can remember being a little girl and hearing all the commotion in my house from my mom, aunts and grandmother when picking out their wigs for the day. It was such a good time for them and part of their everyday beauty routine.;Sherri Shepherd;mom
My mom passed away at 41 from diabetes. And I'm 42, thank you. I didn't want to do that to my son. So any time I was at the gym, that thing that helped me do that last squat was my son calling some other woman mommy. And that would just give me that extra oomph to do that last squat. I want to be around for him.;Sherri Shepherd;mom
I don't spend a lot of time online. My mother's really good at picking out if she sees a really great review, and she'll forward it to me. She's like my little Internet filter. It's always nice to see something going up if I want to find something on Nathan Fillion, I do know where to look, but I've got a nice little delivery system in my mom.;Nathan Fillion;mom
I listened to the radio, so I was influenced by everyone from Michael Jackson to Milli Vanilli. But thankfully my dad had a collection of Cat Stevens albums while my mom was listening to jazz.;Jason Mraz;mom
I like to write and draw and paint, and my mom's an artist, so I think I get caught up in thinking, 'I'm afraid it's gonna be bad,' and it's hard for me to start sometimes.;Kristen Wiig;mom
We never had a bathtub. Mom would bathe me in the wooden or tin washtub in the kitchen, or in a big lard can.;Ethel Waters;mom
Mom was the greatest influence of my childhood. She wanted to save me from the vice, lust, and drinking that was all about me.;Ethel Waters;mom
Mom never quit on me. My only regret is that she didn't live long enough to share some of the money and comforts my work in show business has brought me.;Ethel Waters;mom
In her whole life Mom never earned more than five or six dollars a week. Being without a husband, it was hard for her to find any place at all for us to live.;Ethel Waters;mom
That's the hardest thing about being a mom. You want to be cool, and you want them to like you all the time, but you can't always have that. You're gonna have times where you have to say no, and you won't be the most popular person in the house.;Martina McBride;mom
My mom used to have a lot of European cinema playing in the house, so I'd catch bits and pieces of films.;Mia Wasikowska;mom
Being a mom's so empowering and incredible. I'm one of those people who believes that life brings things to you at a certain time for a certain reason, and if you just go with it, that's where the best moments come from.;Ashlee Simpson;mom
I think my mom put it best. She said, 'Little girls soften their daddy's hearts.';Paul Walker;mom
I love my mom and dad.;Taylor Momsen;mom
Postpartum depression is a very real and very serious problem for many mothers. It can happen to a first time mom or a veteran mother. It can occur a few days... or a few months after childbirth.;Richard J. Codey;mom
My mom didn't let me play video games growing up, so now I do. Gaming gives me a chance to just let go, blow somebody up and fight somebody from another dimension. It's all escapism.;Wayne Brady;mom
This is the place where anybody - like an African American kid raised by a single mom - can be president.;Jennifer M. Granholm;mom
You can be good at technology and like fashion and art. You can be good at technology and be a jock. You can be good at technology and be a mom. You can do it your way, on your terms.;Marissa Mayer;mom
I slept with my mom until I was 16 years old.;Jennifer Hudson;mom
If I could be a third of the woman that my mom is and have a third of the strength that she has, then I will have done good by this life.;Brittany Murphy;mom
It's always been my mom and I against the world.;Brittany Murphy;mom
I always wanted to be a young mom, but generations of women have worked so hard so we can have a career and wait to have children. So I say carpe diem - take advantage of that.;Brittany Murphy;mom
Home is where my mom is.;Brittany Murphy;mom
A company that pays attention to the family unit is a successful company. We don't isolate the family. We don't make rides that say, 'Hey mom, dad, you go sit on the bench.';Michael Eisner;mom
I grew up in Marcy Projects in Brooklyn, and my mom and pop had an extensive record collection, so Michael Jackson and Stevie Wonder and all of those sounds and souls of Motown filled the house.;Jay-Z;mom
He was doing - Ray was designing the clothes for my mom's show from California. And one of the first appearances I ever made on television was on my mother's show and Ray and Bob did the clothes for that. It has been a long time.;Liza Minnelli;mom
Sinatra was just one of Mom's friends.;Lorna Luft;mom
My mom is not trying to live vicariously through me.;Victoria Justice;mom
I was almost 8 years old when I was watching a kid on a TV commercial, and I told my mom that I wanted to do the same thing. She said that I would need to get an agent and that she would research it.;Victoria Justice;mom
I'd say that if you had a strained relationship with your mom, for whatever reason, the best thing to do is be open with each other, talk it over, try and work it out somehow as opposed to just putting a wall up and pushing them away.;Victoria Justice;mom
My mom's a social worker, and my dad works in non-profit organisations.;Seth Rogen;mom
For now I'm just enjoying being a mom. I don't want to be more famous and more rich. I want to be a good mom.;Jewel;mom
My mom was truly an iconic figure, a great journalist and a pioneering woman who died at 54 of cancer without ever having revealed to viewers that she was ill.;David Frum;mom
My mom didn't want me to go to college. She didn't want me to read - when I read, I may as well have been holding a pineapple.;Lynda Barry;mom
My beloved Mom and Pop always rated tops with each other, and that's the way it will always be.;Ethel Merman;mom
Mom claimed that I could carry a tune at 2 or 3 years of age. Maybe she was a little prejudiced.;Ethel Merman;mom
Mom and Pop were proud of my popularity, but from their point of view, show business was no way to make a living.;Ethel Merman;mom
My mom was a professional. My dad and mom met each other in a movie called 'New Faces of 1937.' My mom went under the name Thelma Leeds, and she did a few movies, and she was really a great singer, and when she married my dad and started to have a family, she sang at parties.;Albert Brooks;mom
I had a non-existent knowledge of Queen Victoria's early years. Like everyone else, I thought of her as an old lady dressed in black. My mom had told me about her, though, that she had a very loving relationship with Albert, that they had lots of kids, and that he died young.;Emily Blunt;mom
I'm so proud to represent the people of South Florida. I was so honored when President Obama asked me to serve as chair of the Democratic Party. But there's one job I'm even more proud of, and that's being a mom to my three kids, Rebecca, Jake and Shelby.;Debbie Wasserman Schultz;mom
I have great faith that Heaven's there and I'll see my brothers and my mom and dad when I get there.;Ernie Harwell;mom
My mom was amazing. She believed in me and we were best friends.;Carmen Electra;mom
My mom was a seamstress, and I wish I'd learned to sew because I'm obsessed with 'Project Runway!';Carmen Electra;mom
If I have any talent at all it's from God, and my mom, who was on Capitol Records also.;Garth Brooks;mom
My mom and dad got divorced when I was very young, and growing up in a family where the head of the household wasn't a man made a big difference.;Dave Mustaine;mom
I want to be a fun mom. Not a gasping for air mom.;Mariska Hargitay;mom
Every kid needs to say, 'I want what my mom and dad have.';Josh McDowell;mom
I could never have pictured myself writing a book when I was 25 years old. My mom was an English teacher but I wasn't that way growing up.;Tony Dungy;mom
My mom obviously had a problem.;Dave Pelzer;mom
It's been very hard, after being mostly a mom, to develop an adult life of my own. And not being married anymore, I have to come up with challenges.;Danielle Steel;mom
I grew up painting and playing piano so when I was a little kid I thought I was going to be an artist or a painter but my mom had me taking piano lessons for about 10-12 years as a young kid.;Mike Shinoda;mom
I've never had siblings, I didn't grow up in a big family it was just me and my single mom. And hectic family dysfunction was actually something that I craved.;Emmy Rossum;mom
I grew up in a predominantly Caucasian neighborhood, but my mom is Filipino-Spanish and my dad is Irish.;Shay Mitchell;mom
I look at my father. He is one of my heroes. He is such an incredible, classy man. He was such a great father and such a great husband in so many ways, and we lived through some pretty tough times losing my mom. When I see all that he did, I think, 'Wow, that's a really wonderful man.';Emmanuelle Chriqui;mom
AIDS can destroy a family if you let it, but luckily for my sister and me, Mom taught us to keep going. Don't give up, be proud of who you are, and never feel sorry for yourself.;Ryan White;mom
My parents are wonderful, and I'm really lucky - but my mom has always been almost exclusively a right-brained person.;Brandon Boyd;mom
Also, my mom and family are very important to me and I know that this is not expected.;Christina Milian;mom
I shoplifted. I was about five years old, and I took a candy from a store. We paid for three of them, but I took four, and I went home and cried. My mom took me back, and I paid for the missing piece.;Carrie-Anne Moss;mom
I had to take my makeup off at work every night. I wasn't allowed to do it at home because my mom said that when your work day is done, you're done with work.;Jodie Foster;mom
When you think of couponing, you picture a mom cutting coupons out of the back of the newspaper.;Andrew Mason;mom
I'm a military kid, both parents in the military - Mom did 12 years, Dad did 21, served in two wars. So discipline is something that was huge.;Robert Griffin III;mom
It's fun to play mom. Last I knew I was playing a 17-year-old who graduated.;Selma Blair;mom
I always say I am a realist, and my mom says, 'No, you just have anxiety.';Jessica Chastain;mom
I wanted to perform well for my mom and dad, because in high school, I didn't have a job. My brothers, they worked at Pizza Hut or places like that, but sports, that was my way of giving back.;Junior Seau;mom
All of us kids ended up 'doing Mom.' There are four of us who've tried show business. Five if you insist on counting my sister the nun, who does liturgical dance.;Bill Murray;mom
I was class mom at the preschool one year and I was pretty much asked not to do that again!;Julie Bowen;mom
It was my mom and I against the world. We lived in New York in this bohemian lifestyle where an extended group of artists and photographers were like my aunts and uncles.;Brooke Shields;mom
My parents divorced when I was young but I was brought up in two really loving households. I didn't have a contentious relationship with my mom or dad.;Matt Damon;mom
Country was about character. Country's changed because of monsters like Clear Channel who bought up all the stations and sliced them up into formats. Our demographic is now the soccer mom.;Gary Allan;mom
I have lots of records, quite a collection, actually, that I stole from my mom. I have the original 'Thriller' album and I have a really great 'Elton John's Greatest Hits,' and I also have a N.E.R.D. album. Records sound more original. They have more edge.;Elisha Cuthbert;mom
My mom and dad worked very hard to give me the best chance in - not just in golf but in life. You know, I was an only child, you know, my dad worked three jobs at one stage. My mom worked night shifts in a factory.;Rory McIlroy;mom
Dad and mom would have preferred that I be a doctor, a lawyer, a scientist, or a great humanitarian.;Levon Helm;mom
I think a good mom is an awake mom. At least for me, I've always been a kinder, better person awake than sleep-deprived!;Lisa Loeb;mom
My mom was a great cook and great baker all her life.;Mandy Patinkin;mom
No, my mom kind of led me toward acting. She wanted to be an actress when she was younger. That made me interested in it when I was a kid, because she and I are very close.;Stephen Colbert;mom
For many women, going back to work a few months after having a baby is overwhelming and unmanageable. As strange as it may seem, things get even more difficult for a working mom after the second and third baby arrive. By that time, the romance of being a modern 'superwoman' wears off and reality sets in.;Mika Brzezinski;mom
One of my most sentimental items is my grandmother's engagement ring that my mom gave me a few years ago. It's a Victorian-style setting that's closed in the back, so it doesn't sparkle the way diamonds do now. I wear it as a pendant.;Georgina Chapman;mom
Once you're a mom, always a mom. It's like riding a bike, you never forget.;Taraji P. Henson;mom
My mom was always really healthy and cautious about her diet, so I'm not a big sugar guy.;Paul Walker;mom
My mom's hot. I mean she's old, but my mom's out of control.;Paul Walker;mom
