It's learning how to negotiate to keep both sides happy - whether it's for a multi-million dollar contract or just which show to watch on TV, that determines the quality and enjoyment of our lives.;Leigh Steinberg;learning
I'm nearing the end of the road and still learning.;Mike Wallace;learning
The Tea Party was born out of the disgust many Americans felt early in the financial crisis upon learning that the federal government was even contemplating reducing the principal on some troubled mortgages.;Mark Zandi;learning
Being steeped in the process of learning and exploring keeps me from becoming too nervous. Partly it's about not getting bored.;Renee Fleming;learning
Learning operatic roles is ongoing, and I find that I can learn on the train or subway, during a manicure, getting my hair done, and even while driving if I only look at the score at red lights.;Renee Fleming;learning
It has to be a very specific role for me because of my accent. I can't complain I've been working since I got to LA. But it is hard. I have no training as an actress so I try whatever I do like school, because I'm learning.;Sofia Vergara;learning
Year by year we are learning that in this restless, strenuous American life of ours vacations are essential.;Ellsworth Huntington;learning
He that knew all that learning ever writ, Knew only this - that he knew nothing yet.;Aphra Behn;learning
Whether it's 18 years old or 40 years old, we think we know what's going on. But if you're lucky enough to continue the journey, its amazing how we keep learning how much we didn't know.;Joe Namath;learning
Learning lines is on my mind until I do know them. I'll read the paper or paint the house to keep from starting to memorize. I've never found an easy way.;Paul Lynde;learning
It's not the teaching, it's the learning.;Sly Stone;learning
I loved making Pure Country. It was a great learning experience for me, seeing another part of the entertainment industry.;George Strait;learning
No man is the wiser for his learning it may administer matter to work in, or objects to work upon but wit and wisdom are born with a man.;John Selden;learning
I'm still shy - I'm no good at my children's parent-teacher conferences, and I'm slowly learning how to ask for what I want. But I now know that I have a reserve of courage to draw upon when I really need it. There's nothing that I'm too scared to have a go at.;Emily Mortimer;learning
After you start learning all about the mechanics of piloting a riverboat, you stop seeing all the pretty sunsets and you start thinking about the weather.;John Hartford;learning
After learning the language and culture of the Chinese people, these Jesuits began to establish contacts with the young intellectuals of the country.;Hu Shih;learning
I prefer to think of myself as a musician who is still learning and trying to do something every time out.;Geddy Lee;learning
We believe that if you put in place the mechanisms that allow for personal choice as far as Medicare is concerned, as well as the programs in Medicaid, that we can actually get to a better result and do what most Americans are learning how to do, which is to do more with less.;Eric Cantor;learning
From the time I started school, it was clear to everyone that I wasn't learning at the same pace as other kids.;Carre Otis;learning
So foolish is the heart of man that he ever puts his hope in the future, learning nothing from his past errors and fancying that tomorrow must be better than today.;Mika Waltari;learning
Learning how to improvise really awakened my interest in music.;Carter Burwell;learning
The learning curve is 'The Hobbit' is being shot in 3D.;Andy Serkis;learning
Next year, I hope there will be even more parties, lots of holidays and just having a good time, really. Plus wing-walking, air shows and learning to fly, as they are all things I want to do. I won't be restricted by age.;Carol Vorderman;learning
You should put time into learning your craft. It seems like people want success so quickly, way before they're ready.;Lucinda Williams;learning
In the end, the humanities can only be defended by stressing how indispensable they are and this means insisting on their vital role in the whole business of academic learning, rather than protesting that, like some poor relation, they don't cost much to be housed.;Terry Eagleton;learning
I'm constantly learning, and that is the greatest gift of life in my opinion - to always be learning and growing.;Kristin Chenoweth;learning
Now, for this book I had to learn the world of the Senate, which is really for all that's written about the Senate, an unknowing world and its mores, and the way things work with subcommittees and all. I loved learning about that.;Robert Caro;learning
If you live through the initial stage of fame and get past it, and remember thats not who you are. If you live past that, then you have a hope of maybe learning how to spell the word artist.;Patrick Swayze;learning
I think the most wonderful thing in the world is another chef. I'm always excited about learning new things about food.;Paul Prudhomme;learning
It's not like learning how to hit a curve ball in baseball.;Floyd Abrams;learning
The excitement of learning separates youth from old age. As long as you're learning you're not old.;Rosalyn S. Yalow;learning
I am involved with 'Write Girl,' which is such a great organization, because they go into inner city schools and work with underprivileged girls to pair them up with other writers. And it gets them learning to express themselves and become familiar with their own voice. They have a 100% success ratio getting those girls into college.;Melissa Rosenberg;learning
I think I'm learning to be bolder in my career choices and be more confident in my personal life. I haven't always felt very secure as an individual, but now I feel I certain confidence and sense of self that gets me through the day a lot better than before.;Winona Ryder;learning
This is actually a very important principle that science is learning about large systems like evolution and that futurists are learning about anticipating human society: just because a future scenario is plausible doesn't mean we can get there from here.;Kevin Kelly;learning
Recipes tell you nothing. Learning techniques is the key.;Tom Colicchio;learning
Directors who turn into big babies and shut out criticism stop learning.;Richard King;learning
Churchill was the canny political animal, very devious, bursting with energy and determination, learning as hard as he could.;Lord Mountbatten;learning
I've been learning martial arts since I was 8 years old.;Jet Li;learning
I spend more time learning about Buddhism than English, which is why my English today is still bad.;Jet Li;learning
When I was 8 years old, I knew nothing about martial arts. The coach told me I was talented with learning martial arts, and put me in a school.;Jet Li;learning
Just because you are CEO, don't think you have landed. You must continually increase your learning, the way you think, and the way you approach the organization. I've never forgotten that.;Indra Nooyi;learning
A lot of what I've been learning in the last two years is due to therapy - about my sexuality, why things go wrong, why relationships haven't worked. It isn't anything to do with anybody else it's to do with me.;Boy George;learning
I had decided I wanted to write about food, and I knew the only way to do that is to speak with authority, which meant learning the language and knowing what that experience is like.;Gail Simmons;learning
I view life as a learning experience. It is not so much all about music it is about what happens when you are doing the music.;Michael Schenker;learning
Hollywood and the recording industry argue that current law permits the copying of songs and movies, and sharing them on the Internet. This enables young people to grow up learning how to steal.;Suzanne Fields;learning
Contrary to current cynicism about past golden ages, the abstraction known as 'the intelligent layperson' does exist - in the form of millions of folks with a passionate commitment to continuous learning.;Stephen Jay Gould;learning
The greatest gift that Oxford gives her sons is, I truly believe, a genial irreverence toward learning, and from that irreverence love may spring.;Robertson Davies;learning
As I was coming up, it always seemed like I was learning. If it wasn't from school, it was the 'hood. The influences of the 'hood are very powerful.;Junior Seau;learning
The secret of learning to be sick is this: Illness doesn't make you less of what you were. You are still you.;Tony Snow;learning
I get stubborn and dig in when people tell me I can't do something and I think I can. It goes back to my childhood when I had problems in school because I have a learning disability.;Ann Bancroft;learning
I can't sit down long enough to absorb any kind of learning.;Buddy Rich;learning
Being a geek is all about learning the inventories of things.;Adam Savage;learning
If you look at the opening of 'Private Ryan,' you are so in the point of view of those guys and there is a whole world swirling all around them. You are learning that geography as they are learning it.;Gary Ross;learning
This enemy of peace in the world today is unlike any we have seen in the past, and our military is learning from, and building on, previous successes while carrying peace and freedom into the future.;Mark Kennedy;learning
I brought a Border Collie back home to Vancouver from Wales - where some of my ancestors are from - and needed to challenge him in other ways than just being my pet. So I investigated sheep herding and took a few lessons, and decided I was probably learning more than my dog!;Jane Siberry;learning
Your work is first, learning is first, winning is everything because without it there is nothing.;Orson Scott Card;learning
Learning is the ally, not the adversary of genius... he who reads in a proper spirit, can scarcely read too much.;William Godwin;learning
If anybody wanted to photograph my life, they'd get bored in a day. 'Heres Matt at home learning his lines. Here's Matt researching in aisle six of his local library'. A few hours of that and they'd go home.;Matt Damon;learning
Learning to see waste and systematically eliminate it has allowed lean companies such as Toyota to dominate entire industries. Lean thinking defines value as 'providing benefit to the customer' anything else is waste.;Eric Ries;learning
It is never easy to win but it is a lot easier to win when you play well. The key is winning golf tournaments when you are not playing so well. Managing your game is something that I feel that I am still learning to do.;Rory McIlroy;learning
I thought I was learning about show business. The more painful it was, the more important I thought the experience must be. Hating it, I convinced myself it must be invaluable.;Judy Holliday;learning
I do remember actually learning chords to Beatles songs. I thought they were great songwriters.;Mick Taylor;learning
I'm really enjoying the process of learning to fly. How it will fit into my life down the road - I'm looking forward to discovering that.;Matthew Fox;learning
Also, I'm always learning better and better how to prioritize and how to leave certain things for the next day.;Lisa Loeb;learning
You can learn as much about the history from reading about the present as you can vice versa, that is learning about the present through history, which is what I do for a living.;Ken Burns;learning
The Seinfeld motto: No learning, no hugging.;Julia Louis-Dreyfus;learning
It disturbs me when Obama says in the State of the Union address that he wants to make dropping out of school at 18 illegal, because people learn differently and before there are forms of learning for every type of person in the world, we shouldn't be condemned for leaving.;Ezra Miller;learning
I'm an obsessive hiker and I do it every day for two hours and it really helps me when it comes to learning songs or scripts.;Mandy Patinkin;learning
And where does magic come from? I think that magic's in the learning.;Dar Williams;learning
When we think about online learning, it's such 'early days.' Bill Gates is a wildly smart insightful guy. Yet, even a guy as smart and insightful as that, 30 years ago can say things like,'Who's every going to need more than 640K of memory?';Reed Hastings;learning
I enjoyed studying costume, learning about the corsetry and the historical context of fashion. I never had any real intention of being a costume designer.;Georgina Chapman;learning
Tennis was always sort of a - a learning. It was a vehicle for me to discover a lot about myself. And the things that I sort of discovered at times I not only didn't want to see it for myself but I certainly didn't want millions of people to see it.;Andre Agassi;learning
The main thing that gives me hope is the media. We have radio, TV, magazines, and books, so we have the possibility of learning from societies that are remote from us, like Somalia. We turn on the TV and see what blew up in Iraq or we see conditions in Afghanistan.;Jared Diamond;learning
I'm learning Spanish - I got Rosetta Stone for Christmas.;Karlie Kloss;learning
You have to grow thick skin and that only comes with time and learning.;Karlie Kloss;learning
I am learning to forgive my inner geek, and even value him as a free man.;Kenny Loggins;learning
The trick in life is learning how to deal with it.;Helen Mirren;learning
There's some movies I watch, they're kind of like my anti-anxiety pill, my anti-depressant pill. I watch them at least once or twice a month probably. And I never stop learning from them as a filmmaker.;Mike Mills;learning
I've always been an avid reader. If I don't have a book in the car, I'll stop and pick one up just to have something to read. I don't even remember learning to read.;Janis Ian;learning
I think Russian people are learning that democracy is not an alien thing it's not a western invention.;Garry Kasparov;learning
What keeps you confident in a healthy way is knowing that everyone else around you is going to support you and teach you and you're going to learn from them. I just feel open to learning from people.;Elizabeth Olsen;learning
I used to be so aggressive, but after a while I started learning. It's not that I know how to adapt, but I know all styles of fighting so I can change my style of fighting to whatever it needs to be. That just comes from years of training and a lot of sparring partners.;Marlen Esparza;learning
I think my family and closest friends are learning about my need to withdraw, and I am learning how to restore and store my energy to both serve the community to the best of my ability and to serve my writer's heart.;Sandra Cisneros;learning
Bottom line: if you show a genuine interest in learning about how others became successful, you can open up a world of opportunities.;Armstrong Williams;learning
The country remains dependent on oil. But as we are now learning, oil is becoming increasingly scarce.;Armstrong Williams;learning
My mom had this romantic notion of her children playing classical music. The idea is you learn it when you're still learning language. It's using the same part of the brain.;Andrew Bird;learning
The prudent course is to make an investment in learning, testing and understanding, determine how the new concepts compare to how you now operate and thoughtfully determine how they apply to what you want to achieve in the future.;Dee Hock;learning
My biggest project right now is trying to be a really great mom and learning how to balance family and career. I'm just trying to spend as much time with my family as I can.;Idina Menzel;learning
For me, 'Rent' was all about coming out of myself, finding out who I was, learning the power I could have as a performer.;Idina Menzel;learning
So, for example, if a child is labeled as having a learning disability, it has very concrete consequences for the kinds of services and potentially accommodations that child will get.;Robert Sternberg;learning
I feel like that I'm learning all the time. I'm learning from new artists, from established artists... every time I listen to '70s rock 'n' roll records, I'm learning. And I think that I'm just now starting to get a hold on what I do.;Tim McGraw;learning
I really hope that we'll have a sustainable future on this planet, I really do. So I probably geek out mostly about learning more about how potentially we can hopefully make that happen, hopefully we're not too far lost.;Ellen Page;learning
I spent a lot of time in the school psychologist's office. I didn't apply myself. My mother thought I had learning disabilities.;Roger Goodell;learning
There has to be innate circuitry that does the learning, that creates the culture, that acquires the culture, and that responds to socialization.;Steven Pinker;learning
You have to study your field and you have to find out how other people do it, and you have to keep working and learning and practicing and ultimately, you would be able to do it.;Theodore Sturgeon;learning
I feel like I was writing as I was learning to talk. Writing was always a go-to form of communication. And I knew I could sing from being in tune with the radio.;Frank Ocean;learning
I feel like I was writing as I was learning to talk. Writing was always a go to form of communication.;Frank Ocean;learning
As children, as we learn what things are, we are slowly learning to dismiss them visually. As adults, entirely submerged in words and concepts, we spend almost all of our time thinking and worrying about the past and the future, hardly ever looking at or engaging with the world visually.;Chris Ware;learning
I'm pretty focused on my career, and if it comes down to hanging out with somebody or learning my lines, it's gonna be learning my lines.;Cory Monteith;learning
