Assumptions are the termites of relationships.;Henry Winkler;relationship
I don't need anyone to rectify my existence. The most profound relationship we will ever have is the one with ourselves.;Shirley MacLaine;relationship
Adapt yourself to the things among which your lot has been cast and love sincerely the fellow creatures with whom destiny has ordained that you shall live.;Marcus Aurelius;relationship
Truth is, I'll never know all there is to know about you just as you will never know all there is to know about me. Humans are by nature too complicated to be understood fully. So, we can choose either to approach our fellow human beings with suspicion or to approach them with an open mind, a dash of optimism and a great deal of candour.;Tom Hanks;relationship
A relationship requires a lot of work and commitment.;Greta Scacchi;relationship
I believe that two people are connected at the heart, and it doesn't matter what you do, or who you are or where you live there are no boundaries or barriers if two people are destined to be together.;Julia Roberts;relationship
Blood relatives often have nothing to do with family, and similarly, family is about who you choose to make your life with.;Oliver Hudson;relationship
Relationships based on obligation lack dignity.;Wayne Dyer;relationship
Treasure your relationships, not your possessions.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;relationship
God is more interested in your future and your relationships than you are.;Billy Graham;relationship
I want to be very close to someone I respect and admire and have somebody who feels the same way about me.;Richard Bach;relationship
It isn't necessary to have relatives in Kansas City in order to be unhappy.;Groucho Marx;relationship
You have people come into your life shockingly and surprisingly. You have losses that you never thought you'd experience. You have rejection and you have learn how to deal with that and how to get up the next day and go on with it.;Taylor Swift;relationship
You can never control who you fall in love with, even when you're in the most sad, confused time of your life. You don't fall in love with people because they're fun. It just happens.;Kirsten Dunst;relationship
My view is that marriage is a relationship between a man and a woman. That's the position I've had for some time, and I don't intend to make any adjustments at this point... Or ever, by the way.;Mitt Romney;relationship
Every man sees in his relatives, and especially in his cousins, a series of grotesque caricatures of himself.;H. L. Mencken;relationship
When you start falling for somebody and you can't stop thinking about when you're going to see them again, I love that. Women are beautiful. They deserve to be cherished and respected.;Orlando Bloom;relationship
I love you, and because I love you, I would sooner have you hate me for telling you the truth than adore me for telling you lies.;Pietro Aretino;relationship
The one who loves the least, controls the relationship.;Robert Anthony;relationship
Never assume that the guy understands that you and he have a relationship.;Dave Barry;relationship
Yet, taught by time, my heart has learned to glow for other's good, and melt at other's woe.;Homer;relationship
Be honest, brutally honest. That is what's going to maintain relationships.;Lauryn Hill;relationship
Only the broken-hearted know the truth about love.;Mason Cooley;relationship
We must learn to regard people less in light of what they do or omit to do, and more in the light of what they suffer.;Dietrich Bonhoeffer;relationship
When I got my first television set, I stopped caring so much about having close relationships.;Andy Warhol;relationship
I get along with guys most of my friends are guys. It's easier to trust men sometimes. I only have a few close girlfriends that I trust.;Paris Hilton;relationship
Each relationship nurtures a strength or weakness within you.;Mike Murdock;relationship
Almost all of our relationships begin and most of them continue as forms of mutual exploitation, a mental or physical barter, to be terminated when one or both parties run out of goods.;W. H. Auden;relationship
It is not our purpose to become each other it is to recognize each other, to learn to see the other and honor him for what he is.;Hermann Hesse;relationship
A relationship isn't going to make me survive. It's the cherry on top.;Jennifer Aniston;relationship
Before machines the only form of entertainment people really had was relationships.;Doug Coupland;relationship
It's nice to be with someone, but I don't think you need to be in a relationship to feel complete. That would be really sad.;Kristin Davis;relationship
I love my mom. My mom loves me. We don't have an easy relationship. I don't think we ever will, but I'd rather have a complicated, misunderstood relationship than have no relationship at all.;Tori Spelling;relationship
I'm 31 now. I think I'm beginning to understand what life is, what romance is, and what a relationship means.;Adam Sandler;relationship
I'm done with men... I'm going to be alone. I have no luck with relationships. I don't think I'm made for marriage.;Halle Berry;relationship
In a relationship you have to open yourself up.;Neil LaBute;relationship
I felt a tremendous sadness for men who can't deal with a woman of their own age.;Michael Caine;relationship
Every relationship I've been in, I've overwhelmed the girl. They just can't handle all the love.;Justin Timberlake;relationship
I have stepped off the relationship scene to come to terms with myself. I have spent most of my adult life being 'someone's girlfriend', and now I am happy being single.;Penelope Cruz;relationship
I can't even find someone for a platonic relationship, much less the kind where someone wants to see me naked.;Gilbert Gottfried;relationship
I think you have to know how you feel when you're sad and it's healthy to mourn if a relationship ends.;Leighton Meester;relationship
I am very sad for men and women trapped in any relationship where there is cruelty, dominance, inequity. I long for the liberation of all people.;Jasmine Guy;relationship
I have developed a very strong partiality for the dead: they don't talk back, they don't sue, and they don't have angry relatives.;Ron Chernow;relationship
I was in a relationship with a girl I loved for three years. Where do you go after three years? Then you've got to start thinking about other things, and I'm too young to think about those things.;Shia LaBeouf;relationship
Some people are your relatives but others are your ancestors, and you choose the ones you want to have as ancestors. You create yourself out of those values.;Ralph Ellison;relationship
In human relationships, kindness and lies are worth a thousand truths.;Graham Greene;relationship
If your best friend has stolen your girlfriend, it does become life and death.;Ben Kingsley;relationship
When one has love for God, one doesn't feel any physical attraction to wife, children, relatives and friends. One retains only compassion for them.;Ramakrishna;relationship
I don't think it's necessarily healthy to go into relationships as a needy person. Better to go in with a full deck.;Anjelica Huston;relationship
Maybe the most that you can expect from a relationship that goes bad is to come out of it with a few good songs.;Marianne Faithfull;relationship
For the most part, that message hasn't changed a lot over the years - love is still love, and heartbreak is still heartbreak.;Casey Kasum;relationship
A grandchild is a miracle, but a renewed relationship with your own children is even a greater one.;T. Berry Brazelton;relationship
It is only when we no longer compulsively need someone that we can have a real relationship with them.;Anthony Storr;relationship
Death ends a life, not a relationship.;Jack Lemon;relationship
You show your vulnerability through relationships, and those feelings are your soft spot. You need to have a soft spot.;Victoria Pratt;relationship
God gives us relatives thank God, we can choose our friends.;Addison Mizner;relationship
The easiest kind of relationship for me is with ten thousand people. The hardest is with one.;Joan Baez;relationship
I don't even like to use the word relationship. I don't know what it means.;Ron Silver;relationship
You are not alone with a guy until you are a proper age. You don't go to certain levels with men until you are married or you have a certain relationship.;Daisy Fuentes;relationship
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.;Buddha;relationship
Sister is probably the most competitive relationship within the family, but once the sisters are grown, it becomes the strongest relationship.;Margaret Mead;relationship
If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. And, like any great relationship, it just gets better and better as the years roll on.;Steve Jobs;relationship
Every good relationship, especially marriage, is based on respect. If it's not based on respect, nothing that appears to be good will last very long.;Amy Grant;relationship
Whenever you're in conflict with someone, there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it. That factor is attitude.;William James;relationship
There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage.;Martin Luther;relationship
The game of basketball has been everything to me. My place of refuge, place I've always gone where I needed comfort and peace. It's been the site of intense pain and the most intense feelings of joy and satisfaction. It's a relationship that has evolved over time, given me the greatest respect and love for the game.;Michael Jordan;relationship
The mother-child relationship is paradoxical and, in a sense, tragic. It requires the most intense love on the mother's side, yet this very love must help the child grow away from the mother, and to become fully independent.;Erich Fromm;relationship
You want to believe that there's one relationship in life that's beyond betrayal. A relationship that's beyond that kind of hurt. And there isn't.;Caleb Carr;relationship
When you make the sacrifice in marriage, you're sacrificing not to each other but to unity in a relationship.;Joseph Campbell;relationship
The first test of a truly great man is his humility. By humility I don't mean doubt of his powers or hesitation in speaking his opinion, but merely an understanding of the relationship of what he can say and what he can do.;John Ruskin;relationship
It is of practical value to learn to like yourself. Since you must spend so much time with yourself you might as well get some satisfaction out of the relationship.;Norman Vincent Peale;relationship
Marriage destroyed my relationship with two wonderful men.;Marilyn Monroe;relationship
Ultimately, who you choose to be in a relationship with and what you do in your bedroom is your business.;Eminem;relationship
I think it's important to have closure in any relationship that ends - from a romantic relationship to a friendship. You should always have a sense of clarity at the end and know why it began and why it ended. You need that in your life to move cleanly into your next phase.;Jennifer Aniston;relationship
In my early professional years I was asking the question: How can I treat, or cure, or change this person? Now I would phrase the question in this way: How can I provide a relationship which this person may use for his own personal growth?;Carl Rogers;relationship
There is only one secure foundation: a genuine, deep relationship with Jesus Christ, which will carry you through any and all turmoil. No matter what storms are raging all around, you'll stand firm if you stand on His love.;Charles Stanley;relationship
I'm more of an adventurous type than a relationship type.;Bob Dylan;relationship
So then, the relationship of self to other is the complete realization that loving yourself is impossible without loving everything defined as other than yourself.;Alan Watts;relationship
Peace is not a relationship of nations. It is a condition of mind brought about by a serenity of soul. Peace is not merely the absence of war. It is also a state of mind. Lasting peace can come only to peaceful people.;Jawaharlal Nehru;relationship
A relationship is lovely if you're happy, comfortable in it and you really like the person. I can think of nothing better. But there's nothing worse than having a relationship in which you feel no interest.;Susannah York;relationship
Culture, what you believe, what you value, how you live matters. Now, as fundamental as these principles are, they may become topics of democratic debates from time to time, so it is today with the enduring institution of marriage. Marriage is a relationship between a man and a woman.;Mitt Romney;relationship
I'm quite sensitive to women. I saw how my sister got treated by boyfriends. I read this thing that said when you are in a relationship with a woman, imagine how you would feel if you were her father. That's been my approach, for the most part.;Orlando Bloom;relationship
If the relationship of father to son could really be reduced to biology, the whole earth would blaze with the glory of fathers and sons.;James A. Baldwin;relationship
I really enjoy being single again. I spent a lot of time in a relationship and the nearer we came to the end, the more difficult it got. You don't see things clearly as long as you're still involved.;Dido Armstrong;relationship
However successful you are, there is no substitute for a close relationship. We all need them.;Francesca Annis;relationship
I think in a way, you're doomed, once you can envision something. You're sort of doomed to make it happen. I've found that the moment I can envision leaving a relationship, that's usually the moment that the relationship starts to fall apart.;Chuck Palahniuk;relationship
The formula for achieving a successful relationship is simple: you should treat all disasters as if they were trivialities but never treat a triviality as if it were a disaster.;Quentin Crisp;relationship
There is an inverse relationship between reliance on the state and self-reliance.;William F. Buckley, Jr.;relationship
You don't repair that relationship by sitting down and talking about trust or making promises. Actually, what rebuilds it is living it and doing things differently - and I think that is what is going to make the difference.;Patricia Hewitt;relationship
I might get drunk one day and fall in love or fall over a hooker outside, and I would have consummated a relationship that I couldn't necessarily believe in.;Oliver Reed;relationship
The way I become friends with somebody is a slow process. You can't just spill your guts and tell them everything about yourself and expect them to listen and understand you because you don't know them. It's the same thing with a relationship.;Leighton Meester;relationship
I love to shop after a bad relationship. I don't know. I buy a new outfit and it makes me feel better. It just does. Sometimes I see a really great outfit, I'll break up with someone on purpose.;Rita Rudner;relationship
When you make a commitment to a relationship, you invest your attention and energy in it more profoundly because you now experience ownership of that relationship.;Barbara de Angelis;relationship
Minimalism seems closest to the sophisticated storytelling of movies. Movies have really educated contemporary audiences to be the most intelligent, sophisticated audiences in history. We don't any longer need to have the relationship between one scene and the next explained. We will figure it out ourselves.;Chuck Palahniuk;relationship
When men hear women want a commitment, they think it means commitment to a romantic relationship, but that's not it. It's a commitment to not floating around anymore. I want a guy who is entrenched in his own life. Entrenched is awesome.;Mindy Kaling;relationship
I have to be in a relationship in order to be intimate. I'm not the one-night-stand kind of girl. Despite the rumors.;Kim Kardashian;relationship
My relationship to power and authority is that I'm all for it. People need somebody to watch over them. Ninety-five percent of the people in the world need to be told what to do and how to behave.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;relationship
The person who needs the other person the least in a relationship is the stronger member.;Doug Coupland;relationship
I'm not the type of guy who enjoys one-night stands. It leaves me feeling very empty and cynical. It's not even fun sexually. I need to feel something for the woman and entertain the vain hope that it may lead to a relationship.;Ben Affleck;relationship
