The desire for safety stands against every great and noble enterprise.;Tacitus;great
It is no great art to say something briefly when, like Tacitus, one has something to say when one has nothing to say, however, and none the less writes a whole book and makes truth into a liar - that I call an achievement.;Horace;great
A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.;Isaac Asimov;great
I am blessed to have so many great things in my life - family, friends and God. All will be in my thoughts daily.;Lil' Kim;great
Great events make me quiet and calm it is only trifles that irritate my nerves.;Queen Victoria;great
No great deed is done by falterers who ask for certainty.;George Eliot;great
The great secret that all old people share is that you really haven't changed in seventy or eighty years. Your body changes, but you don't change at all. And that, of course, causes great confusion.;Doris Lessing;great
It is humiliating to remain with our hands folded while others write history. It matters little who wins. To make a people great it is necessary to send them to battle even if you have to kick them in the pants. That is what I shall do.;Benito Mussolini;great
The great person is ahead of their time, the smart make something out of it, and the blockhead, sets themselves against it.;Jean Baudrillard;great
It would be very glamorous to be reincarnated as a great big ring on Liz Taylor's finger.;Andy Warhol;great
You can be fat and love yourself. You can be fat and have a great damn personality. You can be fat and sew your own clothes. But you can't be fat and healthy.;Susan Powter;great
I think Ronald Reagan was one of the great presidents, period, not just recently. I thought he had the demeanor. I thought he had the bearing. I thought he had the thought process.;Donald Trump;great
People might not think that, but the Republicans have all of the cards. And this is the time to get rid of Obamacare. This is the time to make the great deal.;Donald Trump;great
Another thing I like to do is sit back and take in nature. To look at the birds, listen to their singing, go hiking, camping and jogging and running, walking along the beach, playing games and sometimes being alone with the great outdoors. It's very special to me.;Larry Wilcox;great
So Bush certainly wasn't the greatest, and Obama has not done the job. And he's created a lot of disincentive. He's created a lot of great dissatisfaction. Regulations and regulatory is going through the roof. It's almost impossible to get anything done in the country.;Donald Trump;great
Humility is a great quality of leadership which derives respect and not just fear or hatred.;Yousef Munayyer;great
I do have my ducks in line if I want to do it, but I'd love to see the Republicans pick somebody that was going to win and take over this country and frankly, to use the expression, 'Make America great again.';Donald Trump;great
A lot of people feel very good about Mitt Romney and I think he's going to do a great job.;Donald Trump;great
Mitt - what I speak to Mitt Romney about is jobs. What I speak to Mitt Romney about is China, because he's got a great view on China and how they're trying to destroy our country by taking our jobs and making our product and manipulating their currency, so that it makes it almost impossible for our companies to compete.;Donald Trump;great
As the mother of two daughters, I have great respect for women. And I don't ever want to lose that.;Vera Wang;great
It's a great thing when you can show that you've been successful and that you've made a lot of money and that you've employed a lot of people.;Donald Trump;great
I was a great student at a great school, Wharton School of Finance.;Donald Trump;great
Obama has no solutions. Obama has failed the country and its great citizens, and they don't like it when somebody such as myself speaks the truth about this - it hurts too much.;Donald Trump;great
I think, in a way, I invented the term 'fight club' and that these things have always existed, but they never really had a label. Nobody had a language to apply to them. I created that language in two words and I've been paid a great deal of money for inventing two words and labeling something that has always been around.;Chuck Palahniuk;great
To walk around with an ego is a bad thing. To have confidence in yourself is a great thing.;Fred Durst;great
He that hath wife and children hath given hostages to fortune for they are impediments to great enterprises, either of virtue or mischief.;Francis Bacon;great
From a worldly point of view, there is no mistake so great as that of being always right.;Samuel Butler;great
Good is somebody who delivered and allowed the company to overcome obstacles, without leaving a profound impact on its culture. Great is somebody who leads his company to achievements and performance and value that nobody was expecting it had.;Carlos Ghosn;great
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some hire public relations officers.;Daniel J. Boorstin;great
Coffee and smoking are the last great addictions.;Lara Flynn Boyle;great
Families are the compass that guide us. They are the inspiration to reach great heights, and our comfort when we occasionally falter.;Brad Henry;great
Working hard is great, being lazy sometimes is great, but failed potential is the worst.;Campbell Scott;great
It is a great consolation for me to remember that the Lord, to whom I had drawn near in humble and child-like faith, has suffered and died for me, and that He will look on me in love and compassion.;Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart;great
Like all of us in this storm between birth and death, I can wreak no great changes on the world, only small changes for the better, I hope, in the lives of those I love.;Dean Koontz;great
In other words, don't expect to always be great. Disappointments, failures and setbacks are a normal part of the lifecycle of a unit or a company and what the leader has to do is constantly be up and say 'we have a problem, let's go and get it'.;Colin Powell;great
We are continually faced by great opportunities brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems.;Lee Iacocca;great
There is a great deal of unmapped country within us which would have to be taken into account in an explanation of our gusts and storms.;George Eliot;great
When death, the great reconciler, has come, it is never our tenderness that we repent of, but our severity.;George Eliot;great
Duty is the great business of a sea officer all private considerations must give way to it, however painful it may be.;Horatio Nelson;great
Different taste in jokes is a great strain on the affections.;George Eliot;great
Genius at first is little more than a great capacity for receiving discipline.;George Eliot;great
I think one of the great problems we have in the Republican Party is that we don't encourage you to be nasty. We encourage you to be neat, obedient, loyal and faithful and all those Boy Scout words, which would be great around a campfire but are lousy in politics.;Newt Gingrich;great
Rock 'n' roll is ridiculous. It's absurd. In the past, U2 was trying to duck that. Now we're wrapping our arms around it and giving it a great big kiss.;Bono;great
A great source of calamity lies in regret and anticipation therefore a person is wise who thinks of the present alone, regardless of the past or future.;Oliver Goldsmith;great
I was an OK boxer, I wasn't great, I was OK, but I loved the discipline of getting together every Monday, Wednesday and Friday, usually Saturday afternoons too, with a whole bunch of mates and training, very, very hard for about two-and-half hours.;Liam Neeson;great
All of the great leaders have had one characteristic in common: it was the willingness to confront unequivocally the major anxiety of their people in their time. This, and not much else, is the essence of leadership.;John Kenneth Galbraith;great
I went through life like an idiot for a great deal of the time, saying there's nothing I would change. That was a very arrogant thing to say. There's a lot I would change. There are people I would have steered clear of.;Hugh Leonard;great
A great tennis career is something that a 15-year-old normally doesn't have. I hope my example helps other teens believe they can accomplish things they never thought possible.;Maria Sharapova;great
There is no way to be truly great in this world. We are all impaled on the crook of conditioning.;James Dean;great
Anything you cannot relinquish when it has outlived its usefulness possesses you, and in this materialistic age a great many of us are possessed by our possessions.;Peace Pilgrim;great
Lesser artists borrow, great artists steal.;Igor Stravinsky;great
The creations of a great writer are little more than the moods and passions of his own heart, given surnames and Christian names, and sent to walk the earth.;William Butler Yeats;great
The unworthy successor of Peter who desires to benefit from the immeasurable wealth of Christ feels the great need of your assistance, your prayers, your sacrifice, and he most humbly asks this of you.;Pope John Paul II;great
Endurance is the crowning quality, And patience all the passion of great hearts.;James Russell Lowell;great
Great minds are related to the brief span of time during which they live as great buildings are to a little square in which they stand: you cannot see them in all their magnitude because you are standing too close to them.;Arthur Schopenhauer;great
Fortune, which has a great deal of power in other matters but especially in war, can bring about great changes in a situation through very slight forces.;Julius Caesar;great
A grocer is attracted to his business by a magnetic force as great as the repulsion which renders it odious to artists.;Honore de Balzac;great
Small natures require despotism to exercise their sinews, as great souls thirst for equality to give play to their heart.;Honore de Balzac;great
It is the mark of a great man that he puts to flight all ordinary calculations. He is at once sublime and touching, childlike and of the race of giants.;Honore de Balzac;great
The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.;Honore de Balzac;great
The great gift of human beings is that we have the power of empathy.;Meryl Streep;great
When Religion and Royalty are swept away, the people will attack the great, and after the great, they will fall upon the rich.;Honore de Balzac;great
The most characteristic mark of a great mind is to choose some one important object, and pursue it for life.;Anna Letitia Barbauld;great
When you are happy you can forgive a great deal.;Princess Diana;great
Every great person is always being helped by everybody for their gift is to get good out of all things and all persons.;John Ruskin;great
A great architect is not made by way of a brain nearly so much as he is made by way of a cultivated, enriched heart.;Frank Lloyd Wright;great
The great accomplishment of Jobs's life is how effectively he put his idiosyncrasies - his petulance, his narcissism, and his rudeness - in the service of perfection.;Malcolm Gladwell;great
Anarchism is the great liberator of man from the phantoms that have held him captive it is the arbiter and pacifier of the two forces for individual and social harmony.;Emma Goldman;great
A great thing can only be done by a great person and they do it without effort.;John Ruskin;great
It's a great country, where anybody can grow up to be president... except me.;Barry Goldwater;great
Eventually, I think Chicago will be the most beautiful great city left in the world.;Frank Lloyd Wright;great
The essence of America - that which really unites us - is not ethnicity, or nationality or religion - it is an idea - and what an idea it is: That you can come from humble circumstances and do great things.;Condoleezza Rice;great
Any great warrior is also a scholar, and a poet, and an artist.;Steven Seagal;great
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities - brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems.;John W. Gardner;great
Books are the legacies that a great genius leaves to mankind, which are delivered down from generation to generation as presents to the posterity of those who are yet unborn.;Joseph Addison;great
Her angel's face, As the great eye of heaven shined bright, And made a sunshine in the shady place.;Edmund Spenser;great
After people have repeated a phrase a great number of times, they begin to realize it has meaning and may even be true.;H. G. Wells;great
I'm one of the great unemployed looking for the next job. I'm waiting for the right offer. Like anyone, I want something that turns me on inside.;Francesca Annis;great
When a great many people are unable to find work, unemployment results.;Calvin Coolidge;great
Mental health needs a great deal of attention. It's the final taboo and it needs to be faced and dealt with.;Adam Ant;great
A great revolution in just one single individual will help achieve a change in the destiny of a society and, further, will enable a change in the destiny of humankind.;Daisaku Ikeda;great
Great artists are people who find the way to be themselves in their art. Any sort of pretension induces mediocrity in art and life alike.;Margot Fonteyn;great
Wouldn't it be great if we could look forward to a whole world in which no child will be left behind?;Colin Powell;great
The machine does not isolate man from the great problems of nature but plunges him more deeply into them.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;great
Man is not imprisoned by habit. Great changes in him can be wrought by crisis - once that crisis can be recognized and understood.;Norman Cousins;great
The stupid believe that to be truthful is easy only the artist, the great artist, knows how difficult it is.;Willa Cather;great
Self-confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings.;Samuel Johnson;great
You cannot escape the results of your thoughts. Whatever your present environment may be, you will fall, remain or rise with your thoughts, your vision, your ideal. You will become as small as your controlling desire as great as your dominant aspiration.;James Lane Allen;great
I have seen great intolerance shown in support of tolerance.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;great
Traffic was very, very free. It was great.;Jim Capaldi;great
Great nations are simply the operating fronts of behind-the-scenes, vastly ambitious individuals who had become so effectively powerful because of their ability to remain invisible while operating behind the national scenery.;R. Buckminster Fuller;great
I was passionate. I found something that I loved. I could be all alone in a big old skating rink and nobody could get near me and I didn't have to talk to anybody because of my shyness. It was great. I was in my fantasy world.;Dorothy Hamill;great
All architecture is shelter, all great architecture is the design of space that contains, cuddles, exalts, or stimulates the persons in that space.;Philip Johnson;great
I have great hopes that we shall love each other all our lives as much as if we had never married at all.;Lord Byron;great
If you want to become a great chef, you have to work with great chefs. And that's exactly what I did.;Gordon Ramsay;great
I'm working harder than ever now, and I'm putting on my pants the same as I always have. I just get up every day and try to do a little better than the day before, and that is to run a great restaurant with great food, great wine, and great service. That's my philosophy.;Emeril Lagasse;great
Doing is the great thing, for if people resolutely do what is right, they come in time to like doing it.;John Ruskin;great
It is impossible, as impossible as to raise the dead, to restore anything that has ever been great or beautiful in architecture. That which I have insisted upon as the life of the whole, that spirit which is given only by the hand and eye of the workman, can never be recalled.;John Ruskin;great
I hope it is true that a man can die and yet not only live in others but give them life, and not only life, but that great consciousness of life.;Jack Kerouac;great
