To be at ease is better than to be at business. Nothing really belongs to us but time, which even he has who has nothing else.;Baltasar Gracian;business
Politics is the art of preventing people from busying themselves with what is their own business.;Paul Valery;business
We cannot make events. Our business is wisely to improve them.;Samuel Adams;business
No man is a success in business unless he loves his work.;Florence Scovel Shinn;business
Creative ideas flourish best in a shop which preserves some spirit of fun. Nobody is in business for fun, but that does not mean there cannot be fun in business.;Leo Burnett;business
I don't want to get into the 'who's a hostage-taker' discussion here, but what is the estate tax? It's a double tax on death. Economists will tell you that it's really not a tax that soaks the rich, but it's a tax on capital that deprives business investment and therefore job creation.;Paul Ryan;business
Mom was 50 when my Dad died. She got on a bus every weekday for years, and rode 40 miles each morning to Madison. She earned a new degree and learned new skills to start her small business. It wasn't just a new livelihood. It was a new life.;Paul Ryan;business
Design must reflect the practical and aesthetic in business but above all... good design must primarily serve people.;Thomas J. Watson;business
I don't really count myself as a very sophisticated businessperson. I'm a creative artist. All I know from business I've picked up along the way.;Mick Jagger;business
The business aspect is one of the most important things about having a music career, because every choice you make in a management meeting affects your life a year-and-a-half from now.;Taylor Swift;business
Engineering, medicine, business, architecture and painting are concerned not with the necessary but with the contingent - not with how things are but with how they might be - in short, with design.;Herbert Simon;business
Unlike a lot of actors, my father encouraged all his kids to go into show business.;Jeff Bridges;business
It is awfully important to know what is and what is not your business.;Gertrude Stein;business
It is easier for women to succeed in business, the arts, and politics in America than in Europe.;Hedy Lamarr;business
A strategy is something like, an innovative new product globalization, taking your products around the world be the low-cost producer. A strategy is something you can touch you can motivate people with be number one and number two in every business. You can energize people around the message.;Jack Welch;business
But let me tell you what happens when regulations go too far, when they seem to exist only for the purpose of justifying the existence of a regulator. It kills the people trying to start a business.;Marco Rubio;business
When you're eight years old nothing is your business.;Lenny Bruce;business
The music business is motivated by money. Music is motivated by energy and feelings.;Erykah Badu;business
I never really studied business in school. I kind of wish I had, but how boring is that?;Mick Jagger;business
I'm in show business... I want to hang out with Janet Jackson, not Jesse Jackson.;Chris Rock;business
The successful man is the one who finds out what is the matter with his business before his competitors do.;Roy L. Smith;business
My dream of politics all my life has been that it is the common business, that it is something we owe to each other to understand and discuss with absolute frankness.;Woodrow Wilson;business
Sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is. Know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world. Love what you do or don't do it.;Mark Cuban;business
Negro banks, as a rule, have failed because the people, taught that their own pioneers in business cannot function in this sphere, withdrew their deposits.;Carter G. Woodson;business
Nowadays it seems more and more like the 'business' in 'show business' is underlined, and there are campaigns, and it's all part of getting people in to see the movies.;Jeff Bridges;business
Whatever I do, it's my business. It's not my job to parent America.;Christina Aguilera;business
You know, I think the film business is its own worst enemy because it sells movies on DVD footage and 'behind the scenes,' and now it's a real struggle trying to keep storylines and plotlines a secret.;Daniel Craig;business
No community values entrepreneurship and small business more than the Hispanic community.;Marco Rubio;business
I think all women in Hollywood are known as sex symbols. That's what our purpose is in this business. You're merchandised, you're a product. You're sold and it's based on sex. But that's okay. I think women should be empowered by that, not degraded.;Megan Fox;business
I'm trying to build a strong business. I want to create new stars, new shows and new products for my audience and create a legacy that outlives me. There are so many other ways I want to reach women besides doing a talk show.;Tyra Banks;business
Government's role should be only to keep the playing field level, and to work hand in hand with business on issues such as employment. But beyond this, to as great an extent as possible, it should get the hell out of the way.;Jesse Ventura;business
I never hurt nobody but myself and that's nobody's business but my own.;Billie Holiday;business
I was brought up in the modern world of all the luxury and the highlight of show business. I was born into a Christian home.;Cat Stevens;business
I suppose that by being absent from the music business, it appeared that I just dropped out, but really I never did. I was continuously working and doing various things.;Cat Stevens;business
A satisfied customer is the best business strategy of all.;Michael LeBoeuf;business
It can be hard in this business, especially when you're very young, to figure out who you can and can't trust.;Christina Aguilera;business
It's been a joy to be a part of other people's journey, to be able to inspire and be a part of new singers coming up in this business.;Christina Aguilera;business
Baseball just a came as simple as a ball and bat. Yet, as complex as the American spirit it symbolizes. A sport, a business and sometimes almost even a religion.;Ernie Harwell;business
For me, my business is my business and my house is my house. I don't want the public in my house.;Heidi Klum;business
I'm not a kid. You don't get in this business for anonymity. It's not like I have posters of myself on the wall, but at the same time, I'm kind of ready for a little bit of it, but I worry for my little one, and my family - their privacy. That's what I'm more protective of.;Hugh Jackman;business
I'm a mad lover of sport. You cannot say a bad word to me about sports. So I know business is involved and I know it can be cynical, and, of course, I watch it, but for me it's pure.;Hugh Jackman;business
At the end of drama school, I made a contract with myself: I'd try acting for five years. I was 26. I had already spent eight years working in restaurants and gas stations. So I had seen enough small businesses to understand that that's what acting is: a small business.;Hugh Jackman;business
I'm not into business at all.;Freddie Mercury;business
Well, there's different shades of Hollywood, sure. I mean, I'm working in this business but I'm not Hollywood.;Shia LaBeouf;business
The comic book world is a tough business.;Shia LaBeouf;business
Obamacare has got everyone on edge. I mean, small business - men and women or big business are sitting out there saying we have no idea what this is going to cost, but we know it's going to cost us and cost us a lot.;Rick Perry;business
When I've gone back to work, it's always with that sense of inevitability. That may be a complete delusion, but it's the one that I need to get out of bed and go about my business. That sense that I can't avoid this thing. I better just get on with it.;Daniel Day-Lewis;business
After a while of getting jerked around, you realize what the business is really made up of.;Tori Amos;business
People assume that all artists make for terrible business people, but I'm in complete charge of my own career.;Tori Amos;business
There's a side to this industry that nurtures divas who can't write. It's a big business.;Tori Amos;business
There is no substitute for accurate knowledge. Know yourself, know your business, know your men.;Lee Iacocca;business
A guy named Charlie Beacham was my first mentor at Ford. He taught me the importance of the dealers, and he rubbed my nose in the retail business.;Lee Iacocca;business
It is one of my sources of happiness never to desire a knowledge of other people's business.;Dolley Madison;business
I can take more punishment than anyone in the business.;Ric Flair;business
What I learned is that in business you must make decisions based on facts, not react with your heart.;Mario Andretti;business
I like to combine the dramatic emotional warmth of strings with the grooves and body business of drums and bass.;David Byrne;business
I traveled the state of Florida for two years campaigning. I have never met a job creator who told me that they were waiting for the next tax increase before they started growing their business. I've never met a single job creator who's ever said to me I can't wait until government raises taxes again so I can go out and create a job.;Marco Rubio;business
You know who a complicated tax code kills? The guy or gal trying to start a business out of the spare bedroom of their home. So we've got to simplify our tax code.;Marco Rubio;business
Americans chose a free enterprise system designed to provide a quality of opportunity, not compel a quality of results. And that is why this is only place in the world where you can open up a business in the spare bedroom of your home.;Marco Rubio;business
Barack Obama doesn't believe in free enterprise. He's never going to admit it. For instance, he's never going to come straight out and say, 'If you own a business you didn't build it.' Alright, maybe he will.;Marco Rubio;business
There are pros and cons of experience. A con is that you can't look at the business with a fresh pair of eyes and as objectively as if you were a new CEO. Fire yourself on a Friday night and come in on Monday morning as if a search firm put you there as a turn-around leader. Can you be objective and make the bold change?;Andrea Jung;business
Would you want to do business with a person who was 99% honest?;Sydney Madwed;business
I happened to come along in the music business when there was no trend.;Elvis Presley;business
The business side of film has goofed up so many things, but even that's changing. It happened to the music industry and now it's happening to the film studios. It's crazy what's going on. But artists should have control of their work especially if, as I always say, you never turn down a good idea and never take a bad idea.;David Lynch;business
Some of the greatest actors have turned superheroes into a serious business: Michael Keaton and Jack Nicholson in 'Batman' Ian McKellen and Patrick Stewart, the first venerable knights of the X-Men, who have now passed the baton to Michael Fassbender and James McAvoy.;Tom Hiddleston;business
Run a home like you would a small business and treat it with the same seriousness.;Anthea Turner;business
I know I did the right thing by taking time off to raise my son. But it also came at a price. I turned down many opportunities over the years because I didn't want to leave him for long periods of time. And in Hollywood, as in any business, the calls stop coming when you don't answer.;Arsenio Hall;business
I never get the accountants in before I start up a business. It's done on gut feeling, especially if I can see that they are taking the mickey out of the consumer.;Richard Branson;business
The desire to hit a big home run is dominating the music business.;Billy Corgan;business
I did 13-something years of talking to wrestlers and promoters about why they did certain things and why they booked matches a certain way and what they were thinking and whether they were satisfied with the draw. And I got a lot of insight in the business.;Billy Corgan;business
There is a fundamental shift that social media necessitates in business today - the need to transition from 'Me First' to 'We First' thinking.;Simon Mainwaring;business
The leverage and influence social media gives citizens are rapidly spreading into the business world.;Simon Mainwaring;business
Not since the digital revolution in the early '90s has technology placed such a comprehensive burden on business, employees and individuals to reinvent their business plans, services and products, and themselves to keep pace with the changing marketplace.;Simon Mainwaring;business
Dishonesty in government is the business of every citizen. It is not enough to do your own job. There's no particular virtue in that. Democracy isn't a gift. It's a responsibility.;Dalton Trumbo;business
The business of the advertiser is to see that we go about our business with some magic spell or tune or slogan throbbing quietly in the background of our minds.;Marshall McLuhan;business
We, as conservative intellectuals, should not be in the business of making excuses for bad parliamentary decisions by Republican leaders in Congress.;David Frum;business
I loved photography and everybody said it was a crazy thing to do because in those days nobody made it into the film business. I mean, unless you were related to somebody there was no way in.;George Lucas;business
I don't believe in this business of being behind, better to be in front.;Mel Brooks;business
We're not uncomfortable with it, and we've already been through enough of the music business where I'm not really worried that commercial success is going to in some way - we're already past saving, you know what I mean? It's too late for us.;Jerry Garcia;business
And what most people don't understand is the bulk of business in this country is small business.;Alphonso Jackson;business
Law is not a profession at all, but rather a business service station and repair shop.;Adlai E. Stevenson;business
We mean by 'politics' the people's business - the most important business there is.;Adlai E. Stevenson;business
I am a sensitive writer, actor and director. Talking business disgusts me. If you want to talk business, call my disgusting personal manager.;Sylvester Stallone;business
My compulsion to always be working has become less strong and my current business is purely down to this enormous alimony. If I wasn't doing this I'd be making documentaries about wildlife and other subjects that interest me.;John Cleese;business
After hurting myself like that, I could not go back immediately to racing. I was in no condition, mentally or physically. That helped me to strengthen myself to go through the hard times that were ahead with my business, and to be successful.;Nelson Piquet;business
The chances of a bank going out of business are extremely slim, but it's always a good idea to spread around major sums so every penny is backed by insurance.;Suze Orman;business
Nobody has wrestled everybody in the business like I have, especially not Bret Hart.;Ric Flair;business
The Internet is the Viagra of big business.;Jack Welch;business
I do seem to like to combine the dramatic emotional warmth of strings with the grooves and body business of drums and bass.;David Byrne;business
Artists are notoriously snooty and suspicious of anything coming from the business community.;David Byrne;business
Like sex in Victorian England, the reality of Big Business today is our big dirty secret.;Ralph Nader;business
Really, I have to laugh because there was a whole set of stories that made me sound like the Dragon Lady, you know, 'tough this and tough that.' Then there is this business about 'gooey.' The bottom line is I am a pragmatic idealist.;Madeleine Albright;business
You do have to do business with and to try to influence people you don't agree with, or find disagreeable, so it's important to stress that balance.;William Hague;business
The state has no business in the bedrooms of the nation.;Pierre Trudeau;business
Many people would no more think of entering journalism than the sewage business - which at least does us all some good.;Stephen Fry;business
Business practices and how we treat the planet are also in desperate need of re-humanization.;Simon Mainwaring;business
What today's business reality makes clear is that brands cannot survive in a society that is failing economically, socially, ethically, and morally.;Simon Mainwaring;business
As a speaker, business leader or marketer of any type, the onus is now on each of us to become equally capable of communicating very personally with a seemingly endless number of people connected by social technologies.;Simon Mainwaring;business
In the coming years, if not sooner, social media will become a powerful tool that consumers will aggressively use to influence business attitudes and force companies into greater social responsibility - and, I suggest, move us towards a more sustainable practice of capitalism.;Simon Mainwaring;business
