The disparity between a restaurant's price and food quality rises in direct proportion to the size of the pepper mill.;Bryan Miller;food
One of the glories of New York is its ethnic food, and only McDonald's and Burger King equalize us all.;John Corry;food
More than any other in Western Europe, Britain remains a country where a traveler has to think twice before indulging in the ordinary food of ordinary people.;Joseph Lelyveld;food
If music be the food of love, play on.;William Shakespeare;food
When you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light, for your life, for your strength. Give thanks for your food and for the joy of living. If you see no reason to give thanks, the fault lies in yourself.;Tecumseh;food
I was born with music inside me. Music was one of my parts. Like my ribs, my kidneys, my liver, my heart. Like my blood. It was a force already within me when I arrived on the scene. It was a necessity for me-like food or water.;Ray Charles;food
I cook with wine, sometimes I even add it to the food.;W. C. Fields;food
Even when a person has all of life's comforts - good food, good shelter, a companion - he or she can still become unhappy when encountering a tragic situation.;Dalai Lama;food
Part of the secret of a success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside.;Mark Twain;food
A house is not a home unless it contains food and fire for the mind as well as the body.;Benjamin Franklin;food
There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments.;Chris Rock;food
You know, if I listened to Michael Dukakis long enough, I would be convinced we're in an economic downturn and people are homeless and going without food and medical attention and that we've got to do something about the unemployed.;Ronald Reagan;food
Older people shouldn't eat health food, they need all the preservatives they can get.;Robert Orben;food
Did you ever see the customers in health - food stores? They are pale, skinny people who look half - dead. In a steak house, you see robust, ruddy people. They're dying, of course, but they look terrific.;Bill Cosby;food
Not necessity, not desire - no, the love of power is the demon of men. Let them have everything - health, food, a place to live, entertainment - they are and remain unhappy and low-spirited: for the demon waits and waits and will be satisfied.;Friedrich Nietzsche;food
And what, Socrates, is the food of the soul? Surely, I said, knowledge is the food of the soul.;Plato;food
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.;J. R. R. Tolkien;food
Oh, the tiger will love you. There is no sincerer love than the love of food.;George Bernard Shaw;food
Words do two major things: They provide food for the mind and create light for understanding and awareness.;Jim Rohn;food
We begin to see, therefore, the importance of selecting our environment with the greatest of care, because environment is the mental feeding ground out of which the food that goes into our minds is extracted.;Napoleon Hill;food
It was the Law of the Sea, they said. Civilization ends at the waterline. Beyond that, we all enter the food chain, and not always right at the top.;Hunter S. Thompson;food
I'm at the age where food has taken the place of sex in my life. In fact, I've just had a mirror put over my kitchen table.;Rodney Dangerfield;food
Flowers always make people better, happier, and more helpful they are sunshine, food and medicine for the soul.;Luther Burbank;food
In the richest country in the history of the world, this Obama economy has crushed the middle class. Family income has fallen by $4,000, but health insurance premiums are higher, food prices are higher, utility bills are higher, and gasoline prices have doubled. Today more Americans wake up in poverty than ever before.;Mitt Romney;food
Food, love, career, and mothers, the four major guilt groups.;Cathy Guisewite;food
I believe in using words, not fists. I believe in my outrage knowing people are living in boxes on the street. I believe in honesty. I believe in a good time. I believe in good food. I believe in sex.;Bertrand Russell;food
The term 'serious actor' is kind of an oxymoron, isn't it? Like 'Republican party' or 'airplane food.';Johnny Depp;food
I do not think there is any thrill that can go through the human heart like that felt by the inventor as he sees some creation of the brain unfolding to success... such emotions make a man forget food, sleep, friends, love, everything.;Nikola Tesla;food
Just as the soul fills the body, so God fills the world. Just as the soul bears the body, so God endures the world. Just as the soul sees but is not seen, so God sees but is not seen. Just as the soul feeds the body, so God gives food to the world.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;food
We can't get to the $4 trillion in savings that we need by just cutting the 12 percent of the budget that pays for things like medical research and education funding and food inspectors and the weather service. And we can't just do it by making seniors pay more for Medicare.;Barack Obama;food
There is no way that writers can be tamed and rendered civilized or even cured. The only solution known to science is to provide the patient with an isolation room, where he can endure the acute stages in private and where food can be poked in to him with a stick.;Robert A. Heinlein;food
Your words are my food, your breath my wine. You are everything to me.;Sarah Bernhardt;food
Reminds me of my safari in Africa. Somebody forgot the corkscrew and for several days we had to live on nothing but food and water.;W. C. Fields;food
Food is an important part of a balanced diet.;Fran Lebowitz;food
Put your nose into the Bible everyday. It is your spiritual food. And then share it. Make a vow not to be a lukewarm Christian.;Kirk Cameron;food
I know a man who gave up smoking, drinking, sex, and rich food. He was healthy right up to the day he killed himself.;Johnny Carson;food
Innovations that are guided by smallholder farmers, adapted to local circumstances, and sustainable for the economy and environment will be necessary to ensure food security in the future.;Bill Gates;food
We should all grow our own food and do our own waste processing, we really should.;Bill Gates;food
If you're using first-class land for biofuels, then you're competing with the growing of food. And so you're actually spiking food prices by moving energy production into agriculture.;Bill Gates;food
It's easy to impress me. I don't need a fancy party to be happy. Just good friends, good food, and good laughs. I'm happy. I'm satisfied. I'm content.;Maria Sharapova;food
The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death.;E. M. Forster;food
I have a total irreverence for anything connected with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger, the food cheaper and the old men and old women warmer in the winter and happier in the summer.;Brendan Behan;food
No man will be a sailor who has contrivance enough to get himself into a jail for being in a ship is being in a jail, with the chance of being drowned... a man in a jail has more room, better food, and commonly better company.;Samuel Johnson;food
Let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food.;Hippocrates;food
To say that a work of art is good, but incomprehensible to the majority of men, is the same as saying of some kind of food that it is very good but that most people can't eat it.;Leo Tolstoy;food
Owners of dogs will have noticed that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they will think you are God. Whereas owners of cats are compelled to realize that, if you provide them with food and water and affection, they draw the conclusion that they are God.;Christopher Hitchens;food
I take care of my flowers and my cats. And enjoy food. And that's living.;Ursula Andress;food
I tell my students, it's not difficult to identify with somebody like yourself, somebody next door who looks like you. What's more difficult is to identify with someone you don't see, who's very far away, who's a different color, who eats a different kind of food. When you begin to do that then literature is really performing its wonders.;Chinua Achebe;food
Facts are to the mind what food is to the body.;Edmund Burke;food
A city is a place where there is no need to wait for next week to get the answer to a question, to taste the food of any country, to find new voices to listen to and familiar ones to listen to again.;Margaret Mead;food
Men do not have to cook their food they do so for symbolic reasons to show they are men and not beasts.;Edmund Leach;food
When I get a little money I buy books and if any is left I buy food and clothes.;Desiderius Erasmus;food
The first duty of government is to see that people have food, fuel, and clothes. The second, that they have means of moral and intellectual education.;John Ruskin;food
Money is kind of a base subject. Like water, food, air and housing, it affects everything yet for some reason the world of academics thinks it's a subject below their social standing.;Robert Kiyosaki;food
The food here is terrible, and the portions are too small.;Woody Allen;food
It is the food which you furnish to your mind that determines the whole character of your life.;Emmet Fox;food
Fame is a fickle food upon a shifting plate.;Emily Dickinson;food
The class of citizens who provide at once their own food and their own raiment, may be viewed as the most truly independent and happy.;James Madison;food
Animals that we eat are raised for food in the most economical way possible, and the serious food producers do it in the most humane way possible. I think anyone who is a carnivore needs to understand that meat does not originally come in these neat little packages.;Julia Child;food
Music is the fourth great material want, first food, then clothes, then shelter, then music.;Christian Nestell Bovee;food
We can no more do without spirituality than we can do without food, shelter, or clothing.;Ernest Holmes;food
I do the same exercises I did 50 years ago and they still work. I eat the same food I ate 50 years ago and it still works.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;food
I'd like to be rich. I'd like a lot of money to put into my physicals and to buy food for all my friends.;Syd Barrett;food
The best way to lose weight is to close your mouth - something very difficult for a politician. Or watch your food - just watch it, don't eat it.;Edward Koch;food
Any healthy man can go without food for two days - but not without poetry.;Charles Baudelaire;food
People love their animals so much so that they put little clothes on them and necklaces and booties and things like that. And if you love your animal, then you should feed them something that's not dangerous for them. There's a lot of poisonous stuff that they're putting in a lot of that food, those by-products.;Ellen DeGeneres;food
If we do not permit the earth to produce beauty and joy, it will in the end not produce food, either.;Joseph Wood Krutch;food
On the Continent people have good food in England people have good table manners.;George Mikes;food
Agriculture is now a motorized food industry, the same thing in its essence as the production of corpses in the gas chambers and the extermination camps, the same thing as blockades and the reduction of countries to famine, the same thing as the manufacture of hydrogen bombs.;Martin Heidegger;food
Mankind: A quality of life upgrade is available to each and every one of you. It should give you a quality of life upgrade, which means no drugs, no alcohol, no fast food - unless, of course, it's a mallard.;Ted Nugent;food
If I like a food, I'll eat it, even if I know it's not good for me.;Kim Kardashian;food
Poor, darling fellow - he died of food. He was killed by the dinner table.;Diana Vreeland;food
Amazing that the human race has taken enough time out from thinking about food or sex to create the arts and sciences.;Mason Cooley;food
Wit is the salt of conversation, not the food.;William Hazlitt;food
You define a good flight by negatives: you didn't get hijacked, you didn't crash, you didn't throw up, you weren't late, you weren't nauseated by the food. So you are grateful.;Paul Theroux;food
I do remember how it was to be poor. I do remember that in my early years, we had to grow and raise all of our food, even our animals. And I remember in my early life, we didn't even have electricity. So it was very, very hard times then.;Dolly Parton;food
I say grace. I'm a big believer in grace. I happen to believe in a God that made all the food and so I'm pretty grateful for that and I thank him for that. But I'm also thankful for the people that put the food on the table.;Alton Brown;food
What is food to one man is bitter poison to others.;Lucretius;food
Baking cookies is comforting, and cookies are the sweetest little bit of comfort food. They are very bite-sized and personal.;Sandra Lee;food
We are not hungry... Why foist this food upon us? We don't want to be choked. We have enough.;Robert Mugabe;food
The worst food you'll ever eat will probably be prepared by a 'cook' who calls himself a 'chef.' Mark my words.;Alton Brown;food
If you reject the food, ignore the customs, fear the religion and avoid the people, you might better stay at home.;James A. Michener;food
Is it a coincidence that in 1998, Barack Obama talks about a majority coalition of welfare recipients and in 2012 we got a record number of Americans on food stamps while he's president? I don't think it's a coincidence.;Rush Limbaugh;food
I have always said there is only one thing that can bring our nation down - our dependence on foreign countries for food and energy. Agriculture is the backbone of our economy.;John Salazar;food
I was always a junk food person, still am.;Dolly Parton;food
I've always liked Atlanta. And not just for the strip clubs, but the shopping and the food.;Jon Stewart;food
Christmas is more stressful with present buying and making sure everyone gets included, but Thanksgiving is really not that. I don't ever really get stressed out about the food.;Sandra Lee;food
I know it's not cat food, but what exactly is it that they put inside of tinned ravioli?;Doug Coupland;food
The problem is when that fun stuff becomes the habit. And I think that's what's happened in our culture. Fast food has become the everyday meal.;Michelle Obama;food
President Obama is the most successful food stamp president in American history. I would like to be the most successful paycheck president in American history.;Newt Gingrich;food
If we gave up eating beef we would have roughly 20 to 30 times more land for food than we have now.;James Lovelock;food
For the Nugent family, fast food is a running herbivore.;Ted Nugent;food
Let me be the first to tell you, drinking alcohol is the worst thing to do in cold weather. Hot soup is the best because the process of digesting food helps to warm you up.;Morgan Freeman;food
The passion of the Italian or the Italian-American population is endless for food and lore and everything about it.;Mario Batali;food
I'm working harder than ever now, and I'm putting on my pants the same as I always have. I just get up every day and try to do a little better than the day before, and that is to run a great restaurant with great food, great wine, and great service. That's my philosophy.;Emeril Lagasse;food
I was raised by a single mother who made a way for me. She used to scrub floors as a domestic worker, put a cleaning rag in her pocketbook and ride the subways in Brooklyn so I would have food on the table. But she taught me as I walked her to the subway that life is about not where you start, but where you're going. That's family values.;Al Sharpton;food
God gives every bird its food, but He does not throw it into its nest.;J. G. Holland;food
The secret of food lies in memory - of thinking and then knowing what the taste of cinnamon or steak is.;Jerry Saltz;food
I've often said that the most important thing you can give your children is wings. Because, you're not gonna always be able to bring food to the nest. You're... sometimes... they're gonna have to be able to fly by themselves.;Elizabeth Edwards;food
