Sharing is good, and with digital technology, sharing is easy.;Richard Stallman;technology
Here you have a new technology, and if that technology is going to work, you must allow people to provide central indexes of the data. It's just like a newspaper that publishes classified ads.;David Boies;technology
The proliferation of outlets that digital technology has enabled has itself contributed to the changing nature of what we regard as 'news' and the way in which many citizens perceive politics.;Malcolm Turnbull;technology
Look at countries like China, they are determined to dominate all clean technology areas, putting lots of money into wind, solar, electric vehicles and battery storage. America's political impotence, caused by their terrible partisanship, will see them left behind.;Malcolm Turnbull;technology
We are in an electronic technology age now and it's about time we put away the old stuff.;Monica Edwards;technology
I hope that we can continue this cooperation on other critical issues related to America's future technological competitiveness. We must work together to encourage the creative talents that have made our country the world leader in technology.;Dan Lipinski;technology
We shouldn't build a technology to colour, or grey out, what people say. The media in general is balanced, although there are a lot of issues to be addressed that the media rightly pick up on.;Tim Berners-Lee;technology
With the evolution of technology, kids really need to be computer-savvy.;Ryan Seacrest;technology
I don't know if I've owned a piece of technology that I hated - I don't think I would have owned it then.;Amber Heard;technology
In the face of technology, everything becomes a little atavistic.;Don DeLillo;technology
There's a connection between the advances that are made in technology and the sense of primitive fear people develop in response to it.;Don DeLillo;technology
So if you're a customer today, the same person who came in to demonstrate the technology for you and helped you architect the solution before you bought it is likely going to be leading the team to help you do the implementation.;Sanjay Kumar;technology
What's happened with computer technology is perfectly timed for someone with my set of skills. I tell stories with pictures. What I love about CGI is that if I can think it, it can be put on the screen.;Frank Miller;technology
Technology has a great advantage in that we are capable of creating dinosaurs and show them on the screen even though they are extinct 65 million years. All of a sudden, we have a fantastic tool that is as good as dreams are.;Werner Herzog;technology
Magic and new technology have always walked hand in hand - even back in the days of Robert Houdin.;David Copperfield;technology
I am fascinated by all the new technology that creates places for us to meet in what is called cyberspace. I understand what it must have meant for the rebellions in the 19th century, especially in 1830 and 1848, when the mass circulated newspaper became so important for the spreading of information.;Henning Mankell;technology
Generally, what people tend to underestimate is the cyborg nature of Groupon. We are a company that has the DNA of being both a technology company and a heavily operational company.;Andrew Mason;technology
I'm a futurist. Technology is our way out of almost every problem we have. Technology can create a new sense of community.;Hal Sparks;technology
We can grow crops less expensively because molecular manufacturing technology is inherently low cost.;Ralph Merkle;technology
Readers probably haven't heard much about it yet, but they will. Quantum technology turns ordinary reality upside down.;Michael Crichton;technology
Well, first of all, we now have everybody with the exception of India, Pakistan, and Israel, and I don't think these three countries are going to join by simply providing them an incentive, in terms of technology.;Mohamed ElBaradei;technology
I forced myself to think what is the new concept and it became clear to me that it was risk, not only in technology and ecology, but in life and employment, too.;Ulrich Beck;technology
What is needed now is a transformation of the major systems of production more profound than even the sweeping post-World War II changes in production technology.;Barry Commoner;technology
The age of innocent faith in science and technology may be over.;Barry Commoner;technology
I constantly remind people that crime isn't solved by technology it's solved by people.;Patricia Cornwell;technology
Social media is great, I guess, but it feels like technology is the sapper of innocence.;Chris O'Dowd;technology
For any new technology there is always controversy and there always some fear associated with it. I think that's just the price of being first sometimes.;Hugh Grant;technology
There used to be this country called the Soviet Union it's not there anymore. Our technology was better than theirs.;Tom Clancy;technology
The human condition today is better than it's ever been, and technology is one of the reasons for that.;Tom Clancy;technology
Our industry has invested so much money in technology that perhaps it's time to invest in talent, in people.;Christiane Amanpour;technology
I see technology as being an extension of the human body.;David Cronenberg;technology
Technology is us. There is no separation. It's a pure expression of human creative will. It doesn't exist anywhere else in the universe. I'm rather sure of that.;David Cronenberg;technology
For infrastructure technology, C will be hard to displace.;Dennis Ritchie;technology
Every time somebody tries to go in and reinvent what we do, it always ends up being more about technology and sets, and flash and dash, forgetting the main thing, which is interesting people saying interesting, important things.;Diane Sawyer;technology
I believe very strongly, and have fought since many years ago - at least over 30 years ago - to get architecture not just within schools, but architecture talked about under history, geography, science, technology, art.;Richard Rogers;technology
I don't know technology and engineering. I don't know accounting.;Bernard Ebbers;technology
It's not that we use technology, we live technology.;Godfrey Reggio;technology
Technology has become as ubiquitous as the air we breathe, so we are no longer conscious of its presence.;Godfrey Reggio;technology
All tools have intrinsic politics and technology is the tool of now.;Godfrey Reggio;technology
The respect for human rights, essential if we are to use technology wisely, is not something alien that must be grafted onto science. On the contrary, it is integral to science, as also to scholarship in general.;John Charles Polanyi;technology
Technology is a useful servant but a dangerous master.;Christian Lous Lange;technology
There was a study done in the early 20th century of all the entrepreneurs who entered the automobile industry around the same time as Henry Ford there were something like 500 automotive companies that got funded, had the internal combustion engine, had the technology, and had the vision. Sixty percent of them folded within a couple of years.;Eric Ries;technology
Indiana Jones is very much an old-world kind of hero. He doesn't really have any kind of superpower or rely on any kind of technology to help him out of things.;Jamie Bell;technology
I do not think that there is a reputable scientist on this planet who would advocate using this technology to generate a human child as was just announced.;Robert Lanza;technology
In making certain things easier for people, technology has actually demotivated people from using their brains. We have all these devices that keep us connected, and yet we're more disconnected than ever before. Why is that?;Emilio Estevez;technology
We've lost touch and allowed technology to take precedence over organic nature. But let's not forget that those microchips in our computers came from elements of the earth.;Emilio Estevez;technology
I would absolutely love to go back to the simplicity of the '80s, where there wasn't texting, social media, iPhones, or smartphones. I love the fact that you would go home and check your messages. I'm not well suited to the world of modern technology.;Matthew Rhys;technology
Stone Age. Bronze Age. Iron Age. We define entire epics of humanity by the technology they use.;Reed Hastings;technology
In fact, technology has been the story of human progress from as long back as we know. In 100 years people will look back on now and say, 'That was the Internet Age.' And computers will be seen as a mere ingredient to the Internet Age.;Reed Hastings;technology
About half my work in education is U.S. political reform around school districts and charter schools, and creating more room for entrepreneurial organizations to develop. And about half on technology, which I look at as a global platform.;Reed Hastings;technology
School districts in the US don't adopt technology very quickly.;Reed Hastings;technology
Technology causes problems as well as solves problems. Nobody has figured out a way to ensure that, as of tomorrow, technology won't create problems. Technology simply means increased power, which is why we have the global problems we face today.;Jared Diamond;technology
There's a lot more to see when you're playing and because of the advances in technology it makes room for all kinds of new characters.;Tara Strong;technology
You can alter movie singing so much because you go into the recording studio and, just technology for recording has gotten so good, you can hold out a note and they can combine a note from take 2 and a note from take 8.;Anne Hathaway;technology
The technology available for film-making now is incredible, but I am a big believer that it's all in the story.;Robert Redford;technology
If your goal is anything but profitability - if it's to be big, or to grow fast, or to become a technology leader - you'll hit problems.;Michael Porter;technology
Well, clearly Apple is a role model of the American innovation whereby it produced all these products - iPod, iPhone, iPad - that are really now dominating all the technology arena in the world.;Al-Waleed bin Talal;technology
Technology determines the possibilities of society. It doesn't matter whether you start out from a fascist state or a communist state or a free-market state.;Iain Banks;technology
I think a lot of people are frightened of technology and frightened of change, and the way to deal with something you're frightened of is to make fun of it. That's why science fiction fans are dismissed as geeks and nerds.;Iain Banks;technology
I was always fascinated by engineering. Maybe it was an attempt maybe to get my father's respect or interest, or maybe it was just a genetic love of technology, but I was always trying to build things.;James Cameron;technology
A lot of the work in United States is highly critical of technology. I'm using 15,000 watts of power and 18 different pieces of electronic equipment to say that.;Laurie Anderson;technology
Aereo is the first potentially transformative technology that has the chance to give people access to broadcast television delivered over the Internet to any device, large or small, they desire. No wires, no new boxes or remotes, portable everywhere there's an Internet connection in the world - truly a revolutionary product.;Barry Diller;technology
We can't blame the technology when we make mistakes.;Tim Berners Lee;technology
If we invest in researching and developing energy technology, we'll do some real good in the long run, rather than just making ourselves feel good today. But climate change is not the only challenge of the 21st century, and for many other global problems we have low-cost, durable solutions.;Bjorn Lomborg;technology
People are naming it the Third Wave, the Information Age, etc. but I would say those are basically technological descriptions, and this next shift is not about technology - although obviously it will be influenced and in some cases expressed by technologies.;Paul Hawken;technology
If technology has finally caught up with individual liberty, why would anyone who loves freedom want to rethink that?;Matt Drudge;technology
I have a love/hate relationship with just about all technology in my life. My first typewriter in particular. I had a helluva time putting new ribbon on it.;Eric Stoltz;technology
The growth of technology is such that it is not possible today for a nuclear physicist to switch into medical physics without training. The field is now much more technical. More training is needed to do the job.;John Cameron;technology
I don't want technology to take me so far that I don't have to use my brain anymore. It's like GPS taking over and losing your internal compass. It's always got to be tactile, still organic.;Andrew Bird;technology
Technology has changed the way book publishing works, as it has changed everything else in the world of media.;Bruce Jackson;technology
In the earliest days, this was a project I worked on with great passion because I wanted to solve the Defense Department's problem: it did not want proprietary networking and it didn't want to be confined to a single network technology.;Vinton Cerf;technology
I love the 3D revolution. I love the technology today that continues to push the envelope, continues break the new ground, and continues to raise the bar.;Dwayne Johnson;technology
All this technology has not changed the way NFL Films does business and our process. Yes, with one touch of a button now you reach millions of people but it is still the same approach that my father and I started out with.;Steve Sabol;technology
As sophisticated as the technology gets, the less sophisticated you have to become as an actor.;Brendan Fraser;technology
I've tried to make 'Strictly Ballroom' impossible to date. It does feel a bit '80s but I consciously made sure there was no technology in the movie that could date it.;Baz Luhrmann;technology
I never really did sports growing up. Maybe that's why they intrigue me. The technology that goes into that clothing is steps ahead, so it's always been something I look towards.;Alexander Wang;technology
I know there are lots of positives in the evolution of technology, but I also think it will be responsible for the end of a unique character, of a specific kind of geographical culture. The world is getting so small, and mass production is getting so big. Everything is in danger of becoming the same.;Laura Marling;technology
To expect alien technology to be just a few decades ahead of ours is too incredible to be taken seriously.;Paul Davies;technology
So one begins to wonder what is going to happen to the human race. Technology keeps on advancing with greater and greater power, either for good or for destruction.;David Bohm;technology
With the help of modern technology, I can compose intricate keyboard parts and then I have to go back and learn them in order to perform them properly.;Geddy Lee;technology
Investing in industries and technology for the 21st century generates high-skilled, high-wage jobs for industries of the future.;Jay Inslee;technology
I love that you can have the language between the two worlds of technology and fashion, because I don't think that many designers get to do that.;Stella McCartney;technology
Over the last few years, the world has become a smaller and more integrated place with technology that is leveling the playing field like never before.;Ron Kind;technology
Technology is driving the innovation. Technology is driving the creativity. Technology and the use of that is going to determine our workers' ability to compete in the 21st century global marketplace.;Ron Kind;technology
I have run large organizations, I know what it takes to create a healthy business climate, and I have more experience than Jerry Brown doing that. So it'll be a stark contrast, a career politician vs. someone who has met a payroll, gotten a return on investment, knows how to use technology to do more with less.;Meg Whitman;technology
I got to get the right people in the right job. Because a lot of costs can be taken out in the context of your administration without the legislature.For example, using technology to do more with less. Using technology to fight fraud. Reorganizing and streamlining can be done within the context of the administration.;Meg Whitman;technology
I think we can be the very best place to start a business, to grow a business, to invent a new technology, to change the world, to change the country. But we've got a lot of work to deliver a new California to the people of California.;Meg Whitman;technology
We must learn to balance the material wonders of technology with the spiritual demands of our human race.;John Naisbitt;technology
I suppose that every time there is difficulty. I remember about Space Mountain: It took us ten years before we found the technology that would allow such a ride. And during these ten years, I had a model that I kept, waiting for the technology we needed.;John Hench;technology
Change creates fear, and technology creates change. Sadly, most people don't behave very well when they are afraid.;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
Right now, we have the most complex relationship with technology that we've ever had. Your regular person has more technology in their life now than the whole world had 100 years ago.;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
Robots are interesting because they exist as a real technology that you can really study - you can get a degree in robotics - and they also have all this pop-culture real estate that they take up in people's minds.;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
"These days the technology can solve our problems and then some. Solutions may not only erase physical or mental deficits but leave patients better off than ""able-bodied"" folks. The person who has a disability today may have a superability tomorrow.";Daniel H. Wilson;technology
The goal for many amputees is no longer to reach a 'natural' level of ability but to exceed it, using whatever cutting-edge technology is available. As this new generation sees it, our tools are evolving faster than the human body, so why obey the limits of mere nature?;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
The dissemination of advanced implantable technology will likely be just as ruthlessly democratic as the ailments it is destined to treat. Meaning that, someday soon, we may have a new class of very smart, very fast people - yesterday's disabled and elderly.;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
Sometimes a technology is so awe-inspiring that the imagination runs away with it - often far, far away from reality. Robots are like that. A lot of big and ultimately unfulfilled promises were made in robotics early on, based on preliminary successes.;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
I absolutely believe that a lot of the issues raised in 'Amped' about technology migrating into our bodies are issues that we're really going to deal with soon.;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
In my books the technology that I choose to talk about has to serve the themes. What that means is that I end up having to cut out a lot of cool technology that would be really fun to describe and play with, but which would just confuse everybody. So in 'Amped,' I focus on neural implants.;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
As a society, I think we express our cultural mores through our politics. We're trying constantly to figure out what's OK and what's not OK. And it's hard, because our society is constantly buffeted by gale force winds of technology. Things are always changing.;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
