I wanted to be a teacher. I love children, so I wanted to deal with children. Then I wanted to be a veterinarian. But by the age of ten or eleven, when I opened my mouth and said, 'Oh, God, what's this?' I kind of knew teaching and being a veterinarian were gonna have to wait.;Whitney Houston;age
This is the curse of our age, even the strangest aberrations are no cure for boredom.;Stendhal;age
If repression has indeed been the fundamental link between power, knowledge, and sexuality since the classical age, it stands to reason that we will not be able to free ourselves from it except at a considerable cost.;Michel Foucault;age
But an old age serene and bright, and lovely as a Lapland night, shall lead thee to thy grave.;William Wordsworth;age
Litigation takes the place of sex at middle age.;Gore Vidal;age
The face you have at age 25 is the face God gave you, but the face you have after 50 is the face you earned.;Cindy Crawford;age
The hallmark of our age is the tension between aspirations and sluggish institutions.;John W. Gardner;age
It seems as if an age of genius must be succeeded by an age of endeavour riot and extravagance by cleanliness and hard work.;Virginia Woolf;age
Old age is ready to undertake tasks that youth shirked because they would take too long.;W. Somerset Maugham;age
A woman tells her doctor, 'I've got a bad back.' The doctor says, 'It's old age.' The woman says, 'I want a second opinion.' The doctor says: 'Okay - you're ugly as well.';Tommy Cooper;age
I'm 36 and if I met a woman of my own age and married her, I'd also be marrying her former life, her past. It might be OK for some people - I don't want to judge it or anything - but it's not for me. It would destroy my creativity.;Henry Rollins;age
I believe we should encourage children to sing and play instruments from an early age.;Mick Jagger;age
You should not consider a man's age but his acts.;Sophocles;age
At my age flowers scare me.;George Burns;age
I would go out with women my age, but there are no women my age.;George Burns;age
It is not well to make great changes in old age.;Charles Spurgeon;age
Setting a good example for your children takes all the fun out of middle age.;William Feather;age
You are 27 or 28 right? It is very tough to live at that age. When nothing is sure. I have sympathy with you.;Haruki Murakami;age
The stars shall fade away, the sun himself Grow dim with age, and nature sink in years, But thou shalt flourish in immortal youth, Unhurt amidst the wars of elements, The wrecks of matter, and the crush of worlds.;Joseph Addison;age
Young men soon give, and soon forget, affronts old age is slow in both.;Joseph Addison;age
By all but the pathologically romantic, it is now recognized that this is not the age of the small man.;John Kenneth Galbraith;age
It is not the young people that degenerate they are not spoiled till those of mature age are already sunk into corruption.;Charles de Montesquieu;age
To be happy, we must be true to nature and carry our age along with us.;William Hazlitt;age
Youth cannot know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if they forget what it was to be young.;J. K. Rowling;age
It is the malady of our age that the young are so busy teaching us that they have no time left to learn.;Eric Hoffer;age
I'm at peace with myself and where I am. In the past, I was always looking to see how everybody else was doing. I wasn't competitive, I was comparative. I just wanted to be where everybody else was. Now I've gotten to an age when I am not comparing anymore.;Courteney Cox;age
We of Africa protest that, in this day and age, we should continue to be treated as lesser human beings than other races.;Robert Mugabe;age
Marriage is not about age it's about finding the right person.;Sophia Bush;age
We have entered an age in which education is not just a luxury permitting some men an advantage over others. It has become a necessity without which a person is defenseless in this complex, industrialized society. We have truly entered the century of the educated man.;Lyndon B. Johnson;age
Old age is the verdict of life.;Amelia Barr;age
The passions grafted on wounded pride are the most inveterate they are green and vigorous in old age.;George Santayana;age
Every age can be enchanting, provided you live within it.;Brigitte Bardot;age
It is unthinkable for a Frenchman to arrive at middle age without having syphilis and the Cross of the Legion of Honor.;Andre Gide;age
It is folly for an eminent man to think of escaping censure, and a weakness to be affected with it. All the illustrious persons of antiquity, and indeed of every age in the world, have passed through this fiery persecution.;Joseph Addison;age
There must be a day or two in a man's life when he is the precise age for something important.;Franklin P. Adams;age
It is old age, rather than death, that is to be contrasted with life. Old age is life's parody, whereas death transforms life into a destiny: in a way it preserves it by giving it the absolute dimension. Death does away with time.;Simone de Beauvoir;age
I don't care about age very much.;Chinua Achebe;age
Old age and the passage of time teach all things.;Sophocles;age
I think age is a very high price to pay for maturity.;Tom Stoppard;age
I had used eclectic therapy and behavior therapy on myself at the age of 19 to get over my fear of public speaking and of approaching young women in public.;Albert Ellis;age
Children rarely want to know who their parents were before they were parents, and when age finally stirs their curiosity, there is no parent left to tell them.;Russell Baker;age
Middle age occurs when you are too young to take up golf and too old to rush up to the net.;Franklin P. Adams;age
Old age: I fall asleep during the funerals of my friends.;Mason Cooley;age
Staid middle age loves the hurricane passions of opera.;Mason Cooley;age
Middle age went by while I was mourning for my lost youth.;Mason Cooley;age
In passing, we should note this curious mark of our own age: the only absolute allowed is the absolute insistence that there is no absolute.;Francis Schaeffer;age
It's not catastrophes, murders, deaths, diseases, that age and kill us it's the way people look and laugh, and run up the steps of omnibuses.;Virginia Woolf;age
Not even old age knows how to love death.;Sophocles;age
It's really amazing that in the age of unbelief, as a smart man called it, there isn't even more fraud. After all, with no God, there's no one to ever call you to account, and no accounting at all if you can get away with it.;Ben Stein;age
I think that a man should not live beyond the age when he begins to deteriorate, when the flame that lighted the brightest moment of his life has weakened.;Fidel Castro;age
Temper never mellows with age, and a sharp tongue is the only edged tool that grows keener with constant use.;Washington Irving;age
It is not by the gray of the hair that one knows the age of the heart.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;age
I think the sport of wrestling, which I became involved with at the age of 14... I competed until I was 34, kind of old for a contact sport. I coached the sport until I was 47. I think the discipline of wrestling has given me the discipline I have to write.;John Irving;age
Another belief of mine that everyone else my age is an adult, whereas I am merely in disguise.;Margaret Atwood;age
Age carries all things away, even the mind.;Virgil;age
Age steals away all things, even the mind.;Virgil;age
In fact, my courage and my bravery at a young age was the thing I was bullied for, a kind of 'Who do you think you are?';Lady Gaga;age
A bad manner spoils everything, even reason and justice a good one supplies everything, gilds a No, sweetens a truth, and adds a touch of beauty to old age itself.;Baltasar Gracian;age
As technology advances, it reverses the characteristics of every situation again and again. The age of automation is going to be the age of 'do it yourself.';Marshall McLuhan;age
The excess of our youth are checks written against our age and they are payable with interest thirty years later.;Charles Caleb Colton;age
At the age when Bengali youth almost inevitably writes poetry, I was listening to European classical music.;Satyajit Ray;age
I smoke ten to fifteen cigars a day. At my age I have to hold on to something.;George Burns;age
I'm at the age now where just putting my cigar in its holder is a thrill.;George Burns;age
Age becomes reality when you hear someone refer to that attractive young woman standing next to the woman in the green dress, and you find that you're the one in the green dress.;Lois Wyse;age
Our scientific age demands that we provide definitions, measurements, and statistics in order to be taken seriously. Yet most of the important things in life cannot be precisely defined or measured. Can we define or measure love, beauty, friendship, or decency, for example?;Dennis Prager;age
The nearer people approach old age the closer they return to a semblance of childhood, until the time comes for them to depart this life, again like children, neither tired of living nor aware of death.;Desiderius Erasmus;age
Old age is a special problem for me because I've never been able to shed the mental image I have of myself - a lad of about 19.;E. B. White;age
People until I was 60 would always say they thought I looked younger, which I think, without flattering myself, I did, but I think I certainly have, as George Orwell says people do after a certain age, the face they deserve.;Christopher Hitchens;age
The one thing that unites all human beings, regardless of age, gender, religion or ethnic background, is that we all believe we are above-average drivers.;Dave Barry;age
Why do people talk of the horrors of old age? It's great. I feel like a fine old car with the parts gradually wearing out, but I'm not complaining,... Those who find growing old terrible are people who haven't done what they wanted with their lives.;Martha Gellhorn;age
As winter strips the leaves from around us, so that we may see the distant regions they formerly concealed, so old age takes away our enjoyments only to enlarge the prospect of the coming eternity.;Jean Paul;age
God employs several translators some pieces are translated by age, some by sickness, some by war, some by justice.;John Donne;age
No man was ever so completely skilled in the conduct of life, as not to receive new information from age and experience.;Jonathan Swift;age
Interest is the spur of the people, but glory that of great souls. Invention is the talent of youth, and judgment of age.;Jonathan Swift;age
Invention is the talent of youth, as judgment is of age.;Jonathan Swift;age
I'm very pleased to be here. Let's face it, at my age I'm very pleased to be anywhere.;George Burns;age
I must be more sensible and realize that at my age, illusions are hardly permitted and they will always destroy me.;Paul Cezanne;age
My age and health will never allow me to realize the dream of art I've been pursuing all my life.;Paul Cezanne;age
My husband gave me a necklace. It's fake. I requested fake. Maybe I'm paranoid, but in this day and age, I don't want something around my neck that's worth more than my head.;Rita Rudner;age
From as long as, literally as far back as I can remember I've liked puns, word jokes, I can literally recall looking at a comic at the age of six or seven and I remember what I enjoyed and what it was precisely and how the joke worked.;Tom Stoppard;age
The terror of the atom age is not the violence of the new power but the speed of man's adjustment to it, the speed of his acceptance.;E. B. White;age
I was born in ancient times, at the end of the world, in a patriarchal Catholic and conservative family. No wonder that by age five I was a raging feminist - although the term had not reached Chile yet, so nobody knew what the heck was wrong with me.;Isabel Allende;age
The information encoded in your DNA determines your unique biological characteristics, such as sex, eye color, age and Social Security number.;Dave Barry;age
O love, if I regret the age when one savors you, it is not for the hour of pleasure, but for the one that follows it.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;age
In the television age, the key distinction is between the candidate who can speak poetry and the one who can only speak prose.;Richard M. Nixon;age
Age does not matter if the matter does not age.;Jean Paul;age
I'm well past the age where I'm acceptable. You get to a certain age and you are forbidden access. You're not going to get the kind of coverage that you would like in music magazines, you're not going to get played on radio and you're not going to get played on television. I have to survive on word of mouth.;David Bowie;age
Ours is essentially a tragic age, so we refuse to take it tragically.;David Herbert Lawrence;age
Ours is an excessively conscious age. We know so much, we feel so little.;David Herbert Lawrence;age
Everybody past a certain age, regardless of how they look on the outside, pretty much constantly dreams of being able to escape from their lives.;Doug Coupland;age
One keeps forgetting old age up to the very brink of the grave.;Sidonie Gabrielle Colette;age
In the age of the individual's liquidation, the question of individuality must be raised anew.;Theodor Adorno;age
I ask you to pray for me, for once age has overtaken us, we find consolation only in religion.;Paul Cezanne;age
Today more than ever we need creative minds to address the issues of the age. And one of the most urgent is this: How can humanity know so much, achieve so much, and still fail so many people so badly?;King Abdullah II;age
Women lie about their age men lie about their income.;William Feather;age
A major advantage of age is learning to accept people without passing judgment.;Liz Carpenter;age
The people who live in a golden age usually go around complaining how yellow everything looks.;Randall Jarrell;age
There was no respect for youth when I was young, and now that I am old, there is no respect for age, I missed it coming and going.;J. B. Priestley;age
Everyone knows that by far the happiest and universally enjoyable age of man is the first. What is there about babies which makes us hug and kiss and fondle them, so that even an enemy would give them help at that age?;Desiderius Erasmus;age
