But inspiration? - That's when you come home from abroad and are asked: Well, have you found inspiration? - and fortunately you haven't. But the impressions sink in, of course, and may emerge later: None of us has invented the house that was done many thousands of years ago.;Arne Jacobsen;home
I have two homes in Malibu, a home in Canada that I'm building, and I just love pouring my heart out into this part of my life.;Pamela Anderson;home
The coolest thing, and I have it at home, is a huge Hulk Hogan, normal-sized pinball machine. When people come over they play it for hours. When you hit the bumpers and the bells ring it goes, 'Oh yeah!' The whole time you're playing this machine it's yelling and screaming at you, 'What you gonna do, brother?!' I think that's the coolest.;Hulk Hogan;home
To be honest, I find going out pretty scary and intimidating. Got all those people checking you out, with only one purpose: hooking up. I'm quite the dork, I'd rather sit home and play Scrabble. But that doesn't get you a girl, does it?;Wentworth Miller;home
I think any branding for me is band-related. It's really weird to get used to the exposure, because I am a naturally introverted person, and I'm not exactly social. Occasionally I can get comfortable enough to talk, but I spend a lot of my days not talking, especially when I'm at home and not on tour.;Nate Ruess;home
But for me, I thought you made a record, you got on a bus, went out and played your shows and made a lot of money. That was the way it was supposed to go down. But there's a lot more to it than that. There are a lot of early mornings, late nights, a lot of traveling, a lot of being away from home, being away from your family.;Jason Aldean;home
In principle if I could not have a home I wouldn't. But not having a home would be too difficult procedurally, going from hotel to hotel, the gap of three hours where you're hungry and tired.;Lee Child;home
Reading the play at home, however fulfilling, can never be the vivacious experience that Shakespeare intended.;Arthur Smith;home
I have a little kitchen office at home, where I do all my kids' stuff.;Katey Sagal;home
I think the advent of the Internet gave us all a big boost, because by the time the Internet became mainstream and you could get it in your home, a lot of us were used to dealing in fan culture, writing to magazines or anything at the back of comic books.;Kevin Smith;home
Well, I'm not good with sliminess. I hate the thought of creatures that have slime on them or creatures that leave a slimy trail. At home, the sight of a slug can bring up my breakfast.;Jenny Eclair;home
I think it's really important to give yourself a very big question that you're working on that you can come home to, even if you, you know, are going to have to go without a cup of coffee or even a meal, that that should nourish you.;Anna Deavere Smith;home
I was from such a large family that when I first met my wife, I told her: 'You can go work outside of the house and I'll stay home and continue making my cartoon strips. Maybe I'll make some commercials nearby, you know I'll do anything locally, but I would love to just stay at home and raise the kids like I did when I was growing up.';Robert Rodriguez;home
I made a real specific decision when I came out of school and most artists were writing about home - if you were a woman, you were writing about being a woman - and I decided not to do that, write about what you know. That's not what I do. I went as far away from home as possible in terms of the development of my imagination.;Anna Deavere Smith;home
I love my parents. But I'm almost 28 and it's not fun to be asked, 'What are you doing today? What do you want for dinner? When are you going to be home?' It just makes you feel like a kid. It's this juxtaposition of feeling annoyed and really lucky to have people who love you so much.;Jonah Hill;home
Christianity is not about religion. It's about faith, about being held, about being forgiven. It's about finding joy and finding home.;Bear Grylls;home
I'm always amazed when a pitcher becomes angry at a hitter for hitting a home run off him. When I strike out, I don't get angry at the pitcher, I get angry at myself. I would think that if a pitcher threw up a home run ball, he should be angry at himself.;Willie Stargell;home
I love home cooking, and I'm not a great one for fast food.;Bear Grylls;home
I try and eat really healthy when I'm home, but I certainly don't eat worms and snakes.;Bear Grylls;home
I exercise about 40 minutes a day, and I'll run one day and do circuit training the next day. I live in an area where there are brilliant hills and mountains, so I get a good hill run with my dog. At home, I'll do the circuit training with old weights, along with pull-ups in the trees and that sort of stuff.;Bear Grylls;home
When I'm filming, survival requires movement. You need your energy, and you've got to eat the bad stuff, and survival food is rarely pretty, but you kind of do it. I get in that zone, and I eat the nasty stuff, but I'm not like that when I'm back home.;Bear Grylls;home
Survival requires us to leave our prejudices at home. It's about doing whatever it takes - and ultimately those with the biggest heart will win.;Bear Grylls;home
I only scream and scratch when something's only 'really good' or 'good', I want to be great, or let's go home.;Jeremy Renner;home
Land is the secure ground of home, the sea is like life, the outside, the unknown.;Stephen Gardiner;home
Nice to see your home fans boo you. That's what loyal support is.;Wayne Rooney;home
About 15 years ago I went though a period of a year or so when I just couldn't find anything good. My wife noticed I was having trouble reading menus. I bought some cheap reading glasses in a drug store. I got home and suddenly all these books that weren't good were good.;Richard Russo;home
The American consumer is also the American worker, and if we don't do something to protect our manufacturing base here at home, it is going to be hard to buy any retail goods.;Lindsey Graham;home
I went to the store and bought lady fingers, when I got home I noticed one of the fingers was missing so I went back to the store and the manager was nice enough to give me the finger.;Jay London;home
Brazil is where I belong, the place that feels like home. They love their family, their country and God, and are not afraid to let anybody know it.;Dionne Warwick;home
At home, growing up, we weren't really poor. We had everything we needed, we just didn't have what we wanted.;Barbara Kingsolver;home
He's a good tough producer, yes. But I don't think that he's unreasonable unless he feels threatened. And when somebody's in your home, I think everybody in the home gets threatened.;Liza Minnelli;home
I lived at home till I was 29.;Ray Romano;home
My folks were raised pure prohibitionist. They were very good people, with high moral standards - but very repressed. There was no hugging and kissing in my home.;Hugh Hefner;home
Men can have a huge turnover of sponsorship and still survive a lot better than the women. But the women's ratings are better, at least at home in the United States than in the men's tennis.;Billie Jean King;home
I'd rather rot on my own floor than be found by a bunch of bingo players in a nursing home.;Florence King;home
I read the Odyssey because it was the story of a man who returned home after being absent for more than twenty years and was recognized only by his dog.;Guillermo Cabrera Infante;home
On my visits back home, if they saw that I was getting a big head, they'd let me know right away.;John Ratzenberger;home
Ladies and gentlemen, god bless America - land of the free, home of the brave.;Dave Grohl;home
For President Obama, 'home of the brave' are not just the last words of our national anthem, but also a call to action. This is why the president's policies and our platform include incentives to train and hire our troops returning home. Not only because of our moral responsibility, but because it makes for a stronger, more secure American economy.;Cory Booker;home
It's not about finding a home so much as finding yourself.;Jason Behr;home
I spend plenty of time in London and it doesn't scare me, but it's a lonely place, even if you've got friends there. My job takes me all around the world, meeting lots of interesting people. But I think if I couldn't get home, if I couldn't get back to what I consider my real life I'd be frightened.;Shirley Henderson;home
My wife is the boss at home, and my daughters are the bosses. I am just the worker. We are a very warm family and very happy.;Jet Li;home
Leaving home in a sense involves a kind of second birth in which we give birth to ourselves.;Robert Neelly Bellah;home
Every time I took a long leave from home, I felt as if I were going to conquer the world. Or rather, take possession of what is my birthright, my inheritance.;Ella Maillart;home
But, yeah, I'm really happy when I'm writing. When I'm being creative and when I have something that I can put down. You know, if you go out and you overhear a conversation or you have a thought, you have a receptacle to go home and say, 'Oh, this would be great in this script.' Your antenna's out in a different way, and I love that time.;Josh Radnor;home
I do 280 episodes of TV a year, write 15 recipes for the magazine, and publish an annual book. With all of that, we try to get one weekend a month with Isaboo at our home in the Adirondacks to relax and recharge.;Rachael Ray;home
I live in, literally, the same home when I was swiping my first bank card and wondering if I'd have to put back the Charmin. We still don't have a dishwasher. My mom has done all these gardens so now my house looks like the garden shack in the middle of Versailles.;Rachael Ray;home
I have this extraordinary life during the day, and then I get to come home to my sweet husband who loves to cook with me. I have a nice glass of wine, he has some scotch, we chat, we cook, and we hang out with the dog. I have an absolute dream life.;Rachael Ray;home
Good food and a warm kitchen are what makes a house a home. I always tried to make my home like my mother's, because Mom was magnificent at stretching a buck when it came to decorating and food. Like a true Italian, she valued beautification in every area of her life, and I try to do the same.;Rachael Ray;home
Praying privately in churches, I began to discover that heaven was my true home and also that it was here and now, woven into this life.;Lionel Blue;home
During the Second World War, evacuated to non-Jewish households, I encountered Christianity at home and in school.;Lionel Blue;home
I fantasize about having a manual job where I can come home at night, read a book and not feel responsible for what will happen the next day.;Jodie Foster;home
I came from a broken home, so my mom was a major influence in my life.;Julius Erving;home
I want any excuse to come home. My dad is not a spring chicken any more. If anyone says, 'Go buy a postage stamp in London,' I'll go and do it.;Emily Mortimer;home
I had to learn to dance for 'The Adjustment Bureau' and it was nearly impossible. I turned up with my knees knocking in my leotard and went home and cried my eyes out.;Emily Blunt;home
I hate formal stuff. I love looking like a doll and all that stuff and playing dress up, but when I'm home, sweat pants, t-shirt. When I'm in the studio, sweat pants, t-shirt.;Nicki Minaj;home
The culture is going into a psychological depression. We are concerned about our place in the world, about being competitive: Will my children have as much as I have? Will I ever own my own home? How can I pay for a new car? Are immigrants taking away my white world?;James Hillman;home
I buy records - vinyl. I have a record player at home.;Amber Heard;home
One of the biggest challenges in my job is letting go of the movie once you go home at night, and knowing you can't do anything to your performance once you've laid it on film.;Amber Heard;home
There are no college courses to build up self-esteem or high school or elementary school. If you don't get those values at a early age, nurtured in your home, you don't get them.;T. D. Jakes;home
I love being on stage if I'm not on a set. If I'm at home, I'm usually in my office editing or reconstructing my website or whatever it may be. I just love putting creativity into a performance, so if the right script comes along, and I certainly am reading comedies and dramas now, then I'm ready willing and able to give it a shot.;Dane Cook;home
I do portraits. I usually do live models in a class environment, but I've been painting at home more. I really love the human form, and I love faces. I've tried to do landscapes a few times.;Michelle Pfeiffer;home
I've gone very far, far away, but my character keeps me close to home.;Fran Drescher;home
During the periods in my marriage when I chose to stay home with my kids rather than work as an attorney, it caused me no end of anxiety. Despite the fact that I knew I was contributing to our family by caring for our children, I still felt that my worth was less because I wasn't earning.;Ayelet Waldman;home
Why go for a costly, sickly, mass-produced purebred when shelters are full of one-of-a-kind mixed breeds who are literally dying for a home?;Ingrid Newkirk;home
I am a particular fan of integrative exercise - that is, exercise that occurs in the course of doing some productive activity such as gardening, bicycling to work, doing home improvement projects and so on.;Andrew Weil;home
A beautiful bouquet or a long-lasting flowering plant is a traditional gift for women, but I have recommended that both men and women keep fresh flowers in the home for their beauty, fragrance, and the lift they give our spirits.;Andrew Weil;home
Part of the reason I sort of shot out like a cannon out of Michigan and left home at such an early age is because I had to feel independent.;Madonna Ciccone;home
I know this sounds generic, but I'm so happy to be home with my husband, my family, and my dog.;Fergie;home
Turn up the lights. I don't want to go home in the dark.;O. Henry;home
Divorce is one of the key predictors of poverty for a child growing up in a home that's broken.;Mike Huckabee;home
I support workplace clean air. But a federal ban on smoking would mean that you couldn't smoke in your own home. I don't care what people do in their home.;Mike Huckabee;home
It's like, if you can't focus on a movie for 90 minutes without looking at your phone, then don't go to the movies! You've got some issues, so you should probably stay home and work on those issues, and not distract everyone with lights, and sounds, oh my gosh, the tapping on the screens, it makes me crazy!;Ginnifer Goodwin;home
I'm a better person in a relationship, and I'm a happier person. I need to come home at the end of the day and have it not be about me and my freaking hair and makeup and character motivations anymore. And I think my work is more inspired when home is safe and sound and solid, because what I do for a living is so bananas and so insecure.;Ginnifer Goodwin;home
I will end up with someone in the arts. I am positive. I eat, breathe and sleep acting. And I'll end up with someone who is happy staying at home and having me cook supper. But I also really need to be intellectually challenged and stimulated. I want someone bookish, and someone who is passionate.;Ginnifer Goodwin;home
After spending time with the rescued turkeys at Farm Sanctuary's shelter and seeing how similar they are to my furry companion animals at home, I knew I needed to do everything in my power to protect these friendly and curious birds from the daily pain and suffering they endure on factory farms.;Ginnifer Goodwin;home
When you have the paparazzi hiding in the bushes outside your home, the only thing you can control is how you respond publicly.;Portia de Rossi;home
When I joined Custer I donned the uniform of a soldier. It was a bit awkward at first but I soon got to be perfectly at home in men's clothes.;Calamity Jane;home
My divorce came to me as a complete surprise. That's what happens when you haven't been home in eighteen years.;Lee Trevino;home
You know, you go home and you try on a new mascara, and I guess a male CEO can't do that.;Andrea Jung;home
We talk a lot in our home together about where we're going, what I'm doing.;Melinda Gates;home
At home I've got a very puerile, juvenile sense of humour.;Thom Yorke;home
To the former child migrants, who came to Australia from a home far away, led to believe this land would be a new beginning, when only to find it was not a beginning, but an end, an end of innocence - we apologise and we are sorry. To the mothers who lost the maternal right to love and care for their child - we apologise, and we are sorry.;Malcolm Turnbull;home
My father was always depressed. When he was home and sober, he was mostly in his room.;Sherman Alexie;home
I think it's easiest to teach by example. My dad didn't tell us to work hard we just saw how hard he worked. I know I have shortcomings - like a short fuse - but I've learned you can't come home from a long day of work and snap at the kids.;Chris O'Donnell;home
Imagine if you had baseball cards that showed all the performance stats for your people: batting averages, home runs, errors, ERAs, win/loss records. You could see what they did well and poorly and call on the right people to play the right positions in a very transparent way.;Ray Dalio;home
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.;Albert Einstein;hope
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;hope
None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;hope
My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry to get my work done and try to love somebody and have the courage to accept the love in return.;Maya Angelou;hope
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.;Dalai Lama;hope
I hope to stand firm enough to not go backward, and yet not go forward fast enough to wreck the country's cause.;Abraham Lincoln;hope
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.;Elbert Hubbard;hope
Hope in reality is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torments of man.;Friedrich Nietzsche;hope
Lord save us all from a hope tree that has lost the faculty of putting out blossoms.;Mark Twain;hope
Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul - and sings the tunes without the words - and never stops at all.;Emily Dickinson;hope
This suspense is terrible. I hope it will last.;Oscar Wilde;hope
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for.;Epicurus;hope
Be careful to leave your sons well instructed rather than rich, for the hopes of the instructed are better than the wealth of the ignorant.;Epictetus;hope
