The U. S. Constitution doesn't guarantee happiness, only the pursuit of it. You have to catch up with it yourself.;Benjamin Franklin;happiness
Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties.;Helen Keller;happiness
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.;Democritus;happiness
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come.;Dalai Lama;happiness
Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude.;Denis Waitley;happiness
God cannot give us a happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there. There is no such thing.;C. S. Lewis;happiness
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.;Euripides;happiness
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own... Jealousy is a disease, love is a healthy condition. The immature mind often mistakes one for the other, or assumes that the greater the love, the greater the jealousy.;Robert A. Heinlein;happiness
Money has never made man happy, nor will it, there is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more of it one has the more one wants.;Benjamin Franklin;happiness
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it.;Kevyn Aucoin;happiness
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves.;Victor Hugo;happiness
Many persons have a wrong idea of what constitutes true happiness. It is not attained through self-gratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.;Helen Keller;happiness
Happiness and moral duty are inseparably connected.;George Washington;happiness
The care of human life and happiness, and not their destruction, is the first and only object of good government.;Thomas Jefferson;happiness
But O, how bitter a thing it is to look into happiness through another man's eyes.;William Shakespeare;happiness
I heard a definition once: Happiness is health and a short memory! I wish I'd invented it, because it is very true.;Audrey Hepburn;happiness
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.;George Burns;happiness
The true secret of happiness lies in taking a genuine interest in all the details of daily life.;William Morris;happiness
Happiness is not being pained in body or troubled in mind.;Thomas Jefferson;happiness
Truth is a deep kindness that teaches us to be content in our everyday life and share with the people the same happiness.;Khalil Gibran;happiness
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.;Dale Carnegie;happiness
True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents.;John W. Gardner;happiness
Man falls from the pursuit of the ideal of plan living and high thinking the moment he wants to multiply his daily wants. Man's happiness really lies in contentment.;Mahatma Gandhi;happiness
No one has a right to consume happiness without producing it.;Helen Keller;happiness
Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;happiness
No matter how dull, or how mean, or how wise a man is, he feels that happiness is his indisputable right.;Helen Keller;happiness
Never make friends with people who are above or below you in status. Such friendships will never give you any happiness.;Chanakya;happiness
Since you get more joy out of giving joy to others, you should put a good deal of thought into the happiness that you are able to give.;Eleanor Roosevelt;happiness
God will prepare everything for our perfect happiness in heaven, and if it takes my dog being there, I believe he'll be there.;Billy Graham;happiness
Marriage is the most natural state of man, and... the state in which you will find solid happiness.;Benjamin Franklin;happiness
It is a curious sensation: the sort of pain that goes mercifully beyond our powers of feeling. When your heart is broken, your boats are burned: nothing matters any more. It is the end of happiness and the beginning of peace.;George Bernard Shaw;happiness
Choose your life's mate carefully. From this one decision will come 90 percent of all your happiness or misery.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;happiness
Are you bored with life? Then throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find happiness that you had thought could never be yours.;Dale Carnegie;happiness
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.;Confucius;happiness
We find delight in the beauty and happiness of children that makes the heart too big for the body.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;happiness
Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.;Joseph Addison;happiness
Politicians also have no leisure, because they are always aiming at something beyond political life itself, power and glory, or happiness.;Aristotle;happiness
Different men seek after happiness in different ways and by different means, and so make for themselves different modes of life and forms of government.;Aristotle;happiness
Don't wish me happiness - I don't expect to be happy it's gotten beyond that, somehow. Wish me courage and strength and a sense of humor - I will need them all.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;happiness
A mother's happiness is like a beacon, lighting up the future but reflected also on the past in the guise of fond memories.;Honore de Balzac;happiness
There is no value in life except what you choose to place upon it and no happiness in any place except what you bring to it yourself.;Henry David Thoreau;happiness
The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom.;Plato;happiness
The only thing that could spoil a day was people. People were always the limiters of happiness except for the very few that were as good as spring itself.;Ernest Hemingway;happiness
Money won't buy happiness, but it will pay the salaries of a large research staff to study the problem.;Bill Vaughan;happiness
To find out what one is fitted to do, and to secure an opportunity to do it, is the key to happiness.;John Dewey;happiness
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.;Albert Schweitzer;happiness
Happiness is neither virtue nor pleasure nor this thing nor that but simply growth, We are happy when we are growing.;William Butler Yeats;happiness
The smallest seed of faith is better than the largest fruit of happiness.;Henry David Thoreau;happiness
Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best.;Theodore Isaac Rubin;happiness
I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;happiness
Independence is happiness.;Susan B. Anthony;happiness
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;happiness
We have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it.;George Bernard Shaw;happiness
Never permit a dichotomy to rule your life, a dichotomy in which you hate what you do so you can have pleasure in your spare time. Look for a situation in which your work will give you as much happiness as your spare time.;Pablo Picasso;happiness
I start to think there really is no cure for depression, that happiness is an ongoing battle, and I wonder if it isn't one I'll have to fight for as long as I live. I wonder if it's worth it.;Elizabeth Wurtzel;happiness
Happiness can exist only in acceptance.;George Orwell;happiness
People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;happiness
Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have it depends solely on what you think.;Dale Carnegie;happiness
There is no austerity equal to a balanced mind, and there is no happiness equal to contentment there is no disease like covetousness, and no virtue like mercy.;Chanakya;happiness
There is nothing I fear more than waking up without a program that will help me bring a little happiness to those with no resources, those who are poor, illiterate, and ridden with terminal disease.;Nelson Mandela;happiness
The happiness of this life depends less on what befalls you than the way in which you take it.;Elbert Hubbard;happiness
A man who as a physical being is always turned toward the outside, thinking that his happiness lies outside him, finally turns inward and discovers that the source is within him.;Soren Kierkegaard;happiness
The world is full of a lot of fear and a lot of negativity, and a lot of judgment. I just think people need to start shifting into joy and happiness. As corny as it sounds, we need to make a shift.;Ellen DeGeneres;happiness
There is joy in work. There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something.;Henry Ford;happiness
Be more dedicated to making solid achievements than in running after swift but synthetic happiness.;Abdul Kalam;happiness
Life is essentially a cheat and its conditions are those of defeat the redeeming things are not happiness and pleasure but the deeper satisfactions that come out of struggle.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;happiness
Part of the happiness of life consists not in fighting battles, but in avoiding them. A masterly retreat is in itself a victory.;Norman Vincent Peale;happiness
The word 'happiness' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.;Carl Jung;happiness
No one is in control of your happiness but you therefore, you have the power to change anything about yourself or your life that you want to change.;Barbara de Angelis;happiness
Our object in the construction of the state is the greatest happiness of the whole, and not that of any one class.;Plato;happiness
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is liking what you get.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;happiness
Success in its highest and noblest form calls for peace of mind and enjoyment and happiness which come only to the man who has found the work that he likes best.;Napoleon Hill;happiness
Of course, to have money is just great because you can do what you think is important to you. I always was a rich person because money's not related to happiness.;Paulo Coelho;happiness
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.;Nathaniel Hawthorne;happiness
Wealth, like happiness, is never attained when sought after directly. It comes as a by-product of providing a useful service.;Henry Ford;happiness
We all want to help one another. Human beings are like that. We want to live by each other's happiness, not by each other's misery.;Charlie Chaplin;happiness
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;happiness
The happiness of society is the end of government.;John Adams;happiness
The happiness and peace attained by those satisfied by the nectar of spiritual tranquillity is not attained by greedy persons restlessly moving here and there.;Chanakya;happiness
Happiness is a ball after which we run wherever it rolls, and we push it with our feet when it stops.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;happiness
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;happiness
All you need for happiness is a good gun, a good horse, and a good wife.;Daniel Boone;happiness
It is necessary to the happiness of man that he be mentally faithful to himself. Infidelity does not consist in believing, or in disbelieving, it consists in professing to believe what he does not believe.;Thomas Paine;happiness
The person who seeks all their applause from outside has their happiness in another's keeping .;Dale Carnegie;happiness
The secret of happiness is this: let your interests be as wide as possible, and let your reactions to the things and persons that interest you be as far as possible friendly rather than hostile.;Bertrand Russell;happiness
The greatest happiness is to know the source of unhappiness.;Fyodor Dostoevsky;happiness
The secret to happiness is to face the fact that the world is horrible.;Bertrand Russell;happiness
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.;Henry Ward Beecher;happiness
Action may not bring happiness but there is no happiness without action.;William James;happiness
The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved loved for ourselves, or rather in spite of ourselves.;Victor Hugo;happiness
God isn't compatible with machinery and scientific medicine and universal happiness. You must make your choice. Our civilization has chosen machinery and medicine and happiness.;Aldous Huxley;happiness
The only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open.;Chuck Palahniuk;happiness
There is no greater sorrow than to recall happiness in times of misery.;Dante Alighieri;happiness
The essence of philosophy is that a man should so live that his happiness shall depend as little as possible on external things.;Epictetus;happiness
Happiness is beneficial for the body, but it is grief that develops the powers of the mind.;Marcel Proust;happiness
Money is human happiness in the abstract he, then, who is no longer capable of enjoying human happiness in the concrete devotes himself utterly to money.;Arthur Schopenhauer;happiness
One of the first conditions of happiness is that the link between Man and Nature shall not be broken.;Leo Tolstoy;happiness
For the poison of hatred seated near the heart doubles the burden for the one who suffers the disease he is burdened with his own sorrow, and groans on seeing another's happiness.;Aeschylus;happiness
Happiness? A good cigar, a good meal, a good cigar and a good woman - or a bad woman it depends on how much happiness you can handle.;George Burns;happiness
