Education is a weapon whose effects depend on who holds it in his hands and at whom it is aimed.;Joseph Stalin;education
We can't get to the $4 trillion in savings that we need by just cutting the 12 percent of the budget that pays for things like medical research and education funding and food inspectors and the weather service. And we can't just do it by making seniors pay more for Medicare.;Barack Obama;education
Nature has always had more force than education.;Voltaire;education
Academic qualifications are important and so is financial education. They're both important and schools are forgetting one of them.;Robert Kiyosaki;education
Give a girl an education and introduce her properly into the world, and ten to one but she has the means of settling well, without further expense to anybody.;Jane Austen;education
Talk is by far the most accessible of pleasures. It costs nothing in money, it is all profit, it completes our education, founds and fosters our friendships, and can be enjoyed at any age and in almost any state of health.;Robert Louis Stevenson;education
To accuse others for one's own misfortunes is a sign of want of education. To accuse oneself shows that one's education has begun. To accuse neither oneself nor others shows that one's education is complete.;Epictetus;education
Education is the investment our generation makes in the future.;Mitt Romney;education
The Church is not a gallery for the exhibition of eminent Christians, but a school for the education of imperfect ones.;Henry Ward Beecher;education
The American culture promotes personal responsibility, the dignity of work, the value of education, the merit of service, devotion to a purpose greater than self, and at the foundation, the pre-eminence of family.;Mitt Romney;education
What have I got? No looks, no money, no education. Just talent.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;education
We are faced with the paradoxical fact that education has become one of the chief obstacles to intelligence and freedom of thought.;Bertrand Russell;education
Opportunity expands when there is excellence and choice in education, when taxes are lowered, when every citizen has affordable, portable health insurance and when constitutional freedoms are preserved.;Mitt Romney;education
I am running for president to help create a better future. A future where everyone who wants a job can find one. Where no senior fears for the security of their retirement. An America where every parent knows that their child will get an education that leads them to a good job and a bright horizon.;Mitt Romney;education
The most valuable of all education is the ability to make yourself do the thing you have to do, when it has to be done, whether you like it or not.;Aldous Huxley;education
There are 4 billion cell phones in use today. Many of them are in the hands of market vendors, rickshaw drivers, and others who've historically lacked access to education and opportunity. Information networks have become a great leveler, and we should use them together to help lift people out of poverty and give them a freedom from want.;Hillary Clinton;education
Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is.;Isaac Asimov;education
As people do better, they start voting like Republicans - unless they have too much education and vote Democratic, which proves there can be too much of a good thing.;Karl Rove;education
Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family.;Kofi Annan;education
No group and no government can properly prescribe precisely what should constitute the body of knowledge with which true education is concerned.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;education
Common sense is in spite of, not as the result of education.;Victor Hugo;education
The aim of a college education is to teach you to know a good man when you see one.;William James;education
Let's not leave an educational vacuum to be filled by religious extremists who go to families who have no other option and offer meals, housing and some form of education. If we are going to combat extremism then we must educate those very same children.;Hillary Clinton;education
Travel, in the younger sort, is a part of education in the elder, a part of experience.;Francis Bacon;education
Without education, you are not going anywhere in this world.;Malcolm X;education
Education is that whole system of human training within and without the school house walls, which molds and develops men.;W. E. B. Du Bois;education
At the bottom of education, at the bottom of politics, even at the bottom of religion, there must be for our race economic independence.;Booker T. Washington;education
If you know how to read, you have a complete education about life, then you know how to vote within a democracy. But if you don't know how to read, you don't know how to decide. That's the great thing about our country - we're a democracy of readers, and we should keep it that way.;Ray Bradbury;education
I feel very lucky because of my parents and then my education, the opportunities that I've had, so I would like to continue working to improve lives for others.;Hillary Clinton;education
America believes in education: the average professor earns more money in a year than a professional athlete earns in a whole week.;Evan Esar;education
The aim of education is the knowledge not of facts but of values.;William Ralph Inge;education
An unschooled man who knows how to meditate upon the Lord has learned far more than the man with the highest education who does not know how to meditate.;Charles Stanley;education
I doubt whether classical education ever has been or can be successfully carried out without corporal punishment.;George Orwell;education
Education is the cheap defense of nations.;Edmund Burke;education
Too much of what is called 'education' is little more than an expensive isolation from reality.;Thomas Sowell;education
I add this, that rational ability without education has oftener raised man to glory and virtue, than education without natural ability.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;education
The ultimate goal of the educational system is to shift to the individual the burden of pursing his own education. This will not be a widely shared pursuit until we get over our odd conviction that education is what goes on in school buildings and nowhere else.;John W. Gardner;education
Establishing lasting peace is the work of education all politics can do is keep us out of war.;Maria Montessori;education
Education is the period during which you are being instructed by somebody you do not know, about something you do not want to know.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;education
The paradox of education is precisely this - that as one begins to become conscious one begins to examine the society in which he is being educated.;James A. Baldwin;education
His lack of education is more than compensated for by his keenly developed moral bankruptcy.;Woody Allen;education
Education begins the gentleman, but reading, good company and reflection must finish him.;John Locke;education
The purpose of Compulsory Education is to deprive the common people of their commonsense.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;education
Without education we are in a horrible and deadly danger of taking educated people seriously.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;education
Game shows are designed to make us feel better about the random, useless facts that are all we have left of our education.;Chuck Palahniuk;education
There is no education like adversity.;Benjamin Disraeli;education
To read a newspaper is to refrain from reading something worth while. The first discipline of education must therefore be to refuse resolutely to feed the mind with canned chatter.;Aleister Crowley;education
The first duty of government is to see that people have food, fuel, and clothes. The second, that they have means of moral and intellectual education.;John Ruskin;education
Whenever a youth is ascertained to possess talents meriting an education which his parents cannot afford, he should be carried forward at the public expense.;James Madison;education
Natural ability without education has more often attained to glory and virtue than education without natural ability.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;education
Upon books the collective education of the race depends they are the sole instruments of registering, perpetuating and transmitting thought.;Harry S. Truman;education
Frivolity is inborn, conceit acquired by education.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;education
Education must provide the opportunities for self-fulfillment it can at best provide a rich and challenging environment for the individual to explore, in his own way.;Noam Chomsky;education
If education is always to be conceived along the same antiquated lines of a mere transmission of knowledge, there is little to be hoped from it in the bettering of man's future. For what is the use of transmitting knowledge if the individual's total development lags behind?;Maria Montessori;education
To make your children capable of honesty is the beginning of education.;John Ruskin;education
Education then, beyond all other devices of human origin, is the great equalizer of the conditions of men, the balance-wheel of the social machinery.;Horace Mann;education
Upon the education of the people of this country the fate of this country depends.;Benjamin Disraeli;education
We are born weak, we need strength helpless, we need aid foolish, we need reason. All that we lack at birth, all that we need when we come to man's estate, is the gift of education.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;education
Apply yourself. Get all the education you can, but then, by God, do something. Don't just stand there, make it happen.;Lee Iacocca;education
The education of a man is never completed until he dies.;Robert E. Lee;education
Education is the leading of human souls to what is best, and making what is best out of them.;John Ruskin;education
You know, nothing is more important than education, because nowhere are our stakes higher our future depends on the quality of education of our children today.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;education
Education is indoctrination if you're white - subjugation if you're black.;James A. Baldwin;education
Modern education has devoted itself to the teaching of impudence, and then we complain that we can no longer control our mobs.;John Ruskin;education
The first condition of education is being able to put someone to wholesome and meaningful work.;John Ruskin;education
It makes little difference how many university courses or degrees a person may own. If he cannot use words to move an idea from one point to another, his education is incomplete.;Norman Cousins;education
Positive rights are the right to shelter, the right to education, the right to health care, the right to a living wage. These things are - these are, I would call them, more properly, political rights rather than positive rights. And they are extremely tricky, because now we are dealing with things that are zero sum.;P. J. O'Rourke;education
Education begins at home and I applaud the parents who recognize that they - not someone else - must take responsibility to assure that their children are well educated.;Ernest Istook;education
Education is not the piling on of learning, information, data, facts, skills, or abilities - that's training or instruction - but is rather making visible what is hidden as a seed.;Thomas Moore;education
The very spring and root of honesty and virtue lie in good education.;Plutarch;education
The child who desires education will be bettered by it the child who dislikes it disgraced.;John Ruskin;education
History is a race between education and catastrophe.;H. G. Wells;education
The principle goal of education in the schools should be creating men and women who are capable of doing new things, not simply repeating what other generations have done.;Jean Piaget;education
Education forms the common mind. Just as the twig is bent, the tree's inclined.;Alexander Pope;education
There is a subconscious way of taking violence as a way of expression, as a normality, and it has a lot of effects in the youth in the way they absorb education and what they hope to get out of life.;Salma Hayek;education
Knowledge without education is but armed injustice.;Horace;education
Education, therefore, is a process of living and not a preparation for future living.;John Dewey;education
Anyone who tries to make a distinction between education and entertainment doesn't know the first thing about either.;Marshall McLuhan;education
Segregation has no place in the education system.;Richard Dawkins;education
I am a big believer in education, because when I grew up in Austria - when I grew up in Austria I had a great education. I had great teachers.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;education
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe.;H. G. Wells;education
It is our moral obligation to give every child the very best education possible.;Desmond Tutu;education
Men of polite learning and a liberal education.;Matthew Henry;education
What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to the soul.;Joseph Addison;education
This assumption of Negro leadership in the ghetto, then, must not be confined to matters of religion, education, and social uplift it must deal with such fundamental forces in life as make these things possible.;Carter G. Woodson;education
In true education, anything that comes to our hand is as good as a book: the prank of a page- boy, the blunder of a servant, a bit of table talk - they are all part of the curriculum.;Michel de Montaigne;education
I think art education, especially in this country, which government pretty much ignores, is so important for young people.;Mikhail Baryshnikov;education
Education is not a problem. Education is an opportunity.;Lyndon B. Johnson;education
The education of women is the best way to save the environment.;E. O. Wilson;education
'Tis education forms the common mind just as the twig is bent the tree's inclined.;Alexander Pope;education
The foundation of every state is the education of its youth.;Diogenes;education
What charitable 1 percenters can't do is assume responsibility - America's national responsibilities: the care of its sick and its poor, the education of its young, the repair of its failing infrastructure, the repayment of its staggering war debts.;Stephen King;education
I'm not convinced that women have the education or the sense of their own history enough or that they understand the cruelty of which men are capable and the delight that many men will take in seeing you choose to chain yourself - then they get to say 'See, you did it yourself.';Alice Walker;education
The belief that all genuine education comes about through experience does not mean that all experiences are genuinely or equally educative.;John Dewey;education
As women slowly gain power, their values and priorities are reshaping the agenda. A multitude of studies show that when women control the family funds, they generally spend more on health, nutrition, and education - and less on alcohol and cigarettes.;Dee Dee Myers;education
Men have had every advantage of us in telling their own story. Education has been theirs in so much higher a degree the pen has been in their hands. I will not allow books to prove anything.;Jane Austen;education
Nine tenths of education is encouragement.;Anatole France;education
I am entirely certain that twenty years from now we will look back at education as it is practiced in most schools today and wonder that we could have tolerated anything so primitive.;John W. Gardner;education
Every single major push in education has made it worse and right now it's really bad because everything we've done is de-humanizing education. It's destroying the possibility of the teacher and the student having a warm, friendly, intellectual relationship.;William Glasser;education
