I have three dogs, a cat, fish. I'm a huge animal lover. They're amazing.;Willow Shields;amazing
I definitely look up to Meryl Streep because she's been in so many amazing movies, and I just think that she's one of the greatest actresses out there. I also look up to Jennifer Lawrence, especially knowing her and knowing that she is so awesome and so nice.;Willow Shields;amazing
I love voice over! I just think it is amazing!;Atticus Shaffer;amazing
I feel like I'm really blessed and lucky that I have a very good social life outside of the gym, and I have a really amazing family. My parents are so supportive. I have a younger brother and two younger sisters, and they're really awesome. So I feel like I get the best of both worlds.;Aly Raisman;amazing
Painting is the most magical of mediums. The transcendence is truly amazing to me every time I go to a museum and I see how somebody figured another way to rub colored dirt on a flat surface and make space where there is no space or make you think of a life experience.;Chuck Close;amazing
Turns out, I couldn't catch them - or even get close to them. I realized that sharks are amazing, beautiful animals who have absolutely no interest in checking me out.;Malin Akerman;amazing
There were two things going on: 1) I had already established in my own mind where I wanted to go with the next series, and having James around as a Grey Eminence would have complicated matters. He had had an amazing life and it was time to bid him good-bye.;Raymond E. Feist;amazing
I'm always improving and I want to get better and never hit a plateau. I find it an amazing adventure.;Nigel Kennedy;amazing
I'm overly excited to finally announce this amazing global partnership deal back home with EMI Music. I know I have mentioned doing music in the past but for legal reasons I was not in a position to release any new music.;Melanie Brown;amazing
The best days I have are usually days where I'm out in the woods and something happens, like I see an amazing animal like a fox, or I get a glimpse of a wild pig or something that I never see. Or crazy things happen.;Amy Ray;amazing
I want to be like Tom Cruise from 'The Outsiders' and go on and do amazing movies for a long time.;Ashton Kutcher;amazing
That's double-edged: it's amazing that they're bringing me in and showing people new ideas, and at the same time it's a little hard because seventy percent of the time or even higher I'm not going to get those roles.;Rachel True;amazing
I was so happy that it filmed in New York not only because it's an amazing city, but also because a lot of people across the world somehow started to think about New York as a dangerous place to be and envisioned it as some war zone after that happened.;Alicia Witt;amazing
It's every little girl's dream to have an exact look-alike doll. It's amazing.;Bindi Irwin;amazing
Well, Freddie Mercury is a really huge rock star in my head. I've always thought he was just so tough and such an amazing entertainer, really a contradiction in many ways as well. So he was incredible.;Karen O;amazing
I really enjoyed being Peppy Miller. She was an amazing character and her energy followed me everywhere. When I talk about her I want to be her again.;Berenice Bejo;amazing
I've known Shawn for several years. And he's just an amazing talent. He's a great writer, a marvelous, marvelous guitar player, and plays really good fiddle.;Guy Clark;amazing
It was really amazing. I mean, he'd never mentioned that he played in the symphony, like serious violin playing, not fiddle playing. And he just blew us away.;Guy Clark;amazing
Yoga's an amazing release.;Monica Keena;amazing
My heroes are guys like Tom Hanks, Leonardo DiCaprio, and Matt Damon. These are amazing actors with amazing careers that every actor should aspire to. I'm not saying I'm going to get anywhere close. It's not going to be an easy feat. I'm just in awe of their careers.;Dylan O'Brien;amazing
In grade school I was taught that the United States is a melting pot. People from all over the world come here for freedom and to pursue a better life. They arrive with next to nothing, work incredibly hard, learn a new language and new customs, and in a generation they become an integral part of our amazing nation.;Jeff Hawkins;amazing
The greatest thing about doing this movie was that Chris and I both were involved in folk music in the '60s. I had a group, but I don't think it was at the same level as Chris, because he's an amazing musician.;Eugene Levy;amazing
If you spend enough time in or around Washington, you'll meet amazing people who work for the government.;Judy Woodruff;amazing
For the past 21 years, I've been privileged to be part of an amazing organization called the International Women's Media Foundation.;Judy Woodruff;amazing
And my first film was Carnal Knowledge, another amazing experience, largely because of Mike Nichols, who would tell me you can't do anything wrong because you're doing everything right.;Carol Kane;amazing
I also met, early on Ella Fitzgerald. Her songbooks are some of the most amazing bodies of work.;Johnny Mathis;amazing
The amazing thing is that I'm sane. I'm not bitter. I'm not drugged out. I'm not broke. I'm still married to the same guy. My children don't hate me.;Brenda Lee;amazing
It was really cool to work with Dakota Fanning. I've watched her grow up and I've always loved her films, loved her. It was amazing working with someone who was American as well, because obviously it's going to be a different energy straightaway. We got on really well she's so professional and hardworking.;Kaya Scodelario;amazing
I thought it was amazing to work with authors, to get a manuscript and try to make up a cover for it.;Dick Bruna;amazing
I'm no actor. And I wasn't like George Lucas or Spielberg, making home movies as a teenager, either. But I would go back and watch certain movies again and again. By the time I saw 'The Graduate' I was aware of how these amazing stories could be told.;Nancy Meyers;amazing
I think we love bacon because it has all the qualities of an amazing sensory experience. When we cook it, the sizzling sound is so appetizing, the aroma is maddening, the crunch of the texture is so gratifying and the taste delivers every time.;Alexandra Guarnaschelli;amazing
It's amazing the relationships you forge in a kitchen. When you cooperate in an environment that's hot. Where there's a lot of knives. You're trusting your well-being with someone you've never before met or known.;Alexandra Guarnaschelli;amazing
I think for business reasons, fiscal reasons, I think these cable networks can take greater risks and I think with a risk comes better programming. And I think USA has got an amazing identity to it now that is clearly defined with its 'Characters welcome' tag.;Tim DeKay;amazing
Everyone says, 'You give birth, you go home, and you have this amazing baby and it's just beautiful'. And I walked in and I just started sobbing.;Bridget Moynahan;amazing
The best player I've ever played with was Paul Gascoigne. He had everything. He was amazing.;Paul Ince;amazing
It was amazing that a play that seems dated in this world... A man whose best friend is a six-foot white rabbit... But it caught on, especially with young people - they surprised me most of all.;James Stewart;amazing
This band has never had an argument. It's just amazing.;Dave Edmunds;amazing
It's amazing to me that people have any interest in such a low-level sex scandal. If I were sleeping with a congressman, maybe, but I'm a nobody and the people I'm writing about are nobodies.;Jessica Cutler;amazing
They say it's good but I didn't know what I was doing until I got into the suit and they put the moustache on me, and somehow, when I got all the drag on, it came out. It was the most amazing thing. I'm truly extraordinary.;Harvey Korman;amazing
When you're doing the traditional musicals, singing songs that are 40 and 50 years old, you realize there's a reason why those musicals are hits. These are amazing songs!;Tom Wopat;amazing
It's amazing to hear, as a voice matures and then starts to decline, what kind of emotion is still conveyed by a really good vocalist.;Tom Wopat;amazing
When I tour, it's like, well, like a food tour as much as a comedy tour. I try to eat at all the weird places, the obscure barbecue joints, burger places. There are a few spots in L.A. that I'm obsessed with - one of them is the Taco Zone taco truck on Alvarado. There are secret off-menu items that are amazing.;Aziz Ansari;amazing
Stories are amazing and powerful because they can resonate with people depending on their needs and experiences and speak truths we need to hear in that moment in time.;Sue Monk Kidd;amazing
Well just meeting J. K. Rowling was amazing because she created all this world. And all the fans, we all get so obsessed with it and then you met the one person who made it all up. It was just so amazing. And I was just so amazed that that she wrote this book and all of the films have happened.;Evanna Lynch;amazing
The network is opening up some amazing possibilities for us to reinvent content, reinvent collaboration.;Tim O'Reilly;amazing
The '60s were an amazing time.;Peter Max;amazing
To win one Moonman is amazing, to win two is incredible.;Harry Styles;amazing
I know no subject more elevating, more amazing, more ready to the poetical enthusiasm, the philosophical reflection, and the moral sentiment than the works of nature. Where can we meet such variety, such beauty, such magnificence?;James Thomson;amazing
Changing my body has given me the ability to do all these amazing things that I never in a million years imagined I could do.;Robin Quivers;amazing
Success breeds volume, and it's just amazing how many young writers, artists, and musicians there are in town.;Steven Curtis Chapman;amazing
What turns me on is to walk into a sold-out venue. The audiences are so much the same as they were in the '60s. It's just an amazing thing. I can't explain it, but I hope it never stops.;Chubby Checker;amazing
Warren Spector is amazing, and his team is as good as any in the business. Shame to see all the revenues from their game entangled with all the madness of the Dallas office.;Mike Wilson;amazing
I'm lucky that most of the time I'm on location in amazing places. Most of the time, I don't need holidays, I just stop working.;Stephanie Beacham;amazing
It is not short of amazing, the power of a great idea to weld men together. There was in it a peculiar, intense, vital spirit if you will, that I have never felt before in any strike.;Ray Stannard Baker;amazing
It's amazing. I can't believe how brilliant the whole thing is - my daughter, Georgia, is just wonderful.;Edward Hall;amazing
The days when you needed amazing Silicon Graphics machines to run animation software are gone now.;Dave Rowntree;amazing
I remember going for the first time to a place called The Roxy in New York because you can see people breakdancing there. That's the only reason I went! It's amazing, kids are still doing that.;Chris Frantz;amazing
I want to be a morning-talk-show host. I love Kelly Ripa's job. She gets to live in New York and has this amazing job hosting a talk show.;Ellie Kemper;amazing
Most New Yorkers want to look amazing, and they want you to understand that they look amazing, but they also want you to stop staring at them.;Ellie Kemper;amazing
I just enjoy working with really wonderful actors and amazing creative people and I hope to keep doing that, no matter where.;Stana Katic;amazing
I think 'Game of Thrones' was extraordinary. I want to do some period pieces. It would be lovely to tell great stories, that is my main ambition. And to be working with amazing creators.;Stana Katic;amazing
I love heels... whoever created heels is amazing!;Katie Cassidy;amazing
I cried when I found out I was a finalist, I kind of went limp when they called my name. I felt like my spirit jumped out of my body, and I was just flesh - it was just amazing.;Naima Adedapo;amazing
And then we watched an amazing number of movies from the late '60s and '70s, which is my favorite time, and we studied their camera movements, their stocks, the way they lit stuff, the colors they used.;Ted Demme;amazing
I was friends with all different people and all different groups. And that led me to being friends with a few people who didn't even go to my school. Now I have the most amazing collection of friends of all ethnic backgrounds and upbringing and financial backgrounds.;James Maslow;amazing
You know, I was a kid when I went into 'Coronation Street' and I had an amazing time. I got some fantastic opportunities from Corrie and from 'Soapstar' and I'd never say they did anything other than help me.;Richard Fleeshman;amazing
It was an amazing experience to work with Michael Jackson, who is a legend.;Mario Vazquez;amazing
You can't ask every player to do the same thing. That's why we have amazing midfielders, defenders, forwards and keepers. You can't ask them to be of the same mold.;Tiffeny Milbrett;amazing
It's amazing when you're playing to a crowd who barely understands English but they're singing parts of your song back to you.;Jason Derulo;amazing
Men are amazing. I love the way they are. They're consistently little boys, and they need to be nurtured and loved. But at the same time, they need to feel like men.;Krista Allen;amazing
I basically left Texas with no money. I was making $3.50 working in some mall, so I didn't have a lot of cash. I took $1,000 and headed to California. Along the way I stopped in Vegas because I had always wanted to see Caesar's Palace. So I stopped there and won $2,500 on a slot machine! It was amazing.;Krista Allen;amazing
I've always been fascinated with the juxtaposition of technology in music, not only in recording, but in the keyboard. It's amazing the way you can apply technology to an art form.;Geoff Downes;amazing
It's amazing. My kids have grown me in ways I never knew possible. The patience I've received and the love I get from them is just amazing.;Candace Cameron Bure;amazing
I had this really great amazing thing happen where I almost finished the book and I really needed to come up with an ending and I decided to go back and re-read the book and see if I could come up with an ending.;Cory Doctorow;amazing
What you know about the people whom you know at all well is truly amazing, even though you have never formulated it.;Harry Stack Sullivan;amazing
What would be a show that I would rescue? If I could bring anything back, it would be 'The Carol Burnett Show'. Tim Conway is just... I just watched him so many times do stuff over and over. He's just so amazing.;Tony Hale;amazing
I do think musical-theater actors can get a bad rap, and I see why. There is a certain slickness - there's nothing better than an amazing musical, but an okay musical can be one of the worst times you've ever had.;Laura Benanti;amazing
Every time I sit in the audience and watch a show that I have been involved with, it is such an amazing feeling to see all those people around me, knowing they are actually watching and enjoying something I have written.;Bjorn Ulvaeus;amazing
Gary Ross is amazing. He's just - he always has a billion ideas of what he wants, but has a very clear perspective also he just makes it work. He really does. He's trying different things and making everything look amazing.;Liam Hemsworth;amazing
There are amazing schools and amazing educators that are doing a wonderful job. And then there are a lot of educators that are not prepared to deal with inclusive education. They haven't been trained. It's really quite lovely and easy when you understand how to do it.;Laura San Giacomo;amazing
Luckily, I have some amazing friends.;Rebecca Black;amazing
It's amazing what a spray-on tan will do.;David Cook;amazing
I think Chris Weitz is an amazing director, and his sensibility - I wouldn't even know how to articulate it - it's just, he's a very sensitive, interesting guy.;Elizabeth Reaser;amazing
John was the smartest and most amazing comedian I've ever worked with. I think more than teaching me about acting or comedy, he taught me about life and the love of people and respect of people.;Kaley Cuoco;amazing
My whole family actually, but my parents. I had such a normal and amazing childhood. I've been so lucky. My parents are cool and normal. They don't talk about the business and I still have stuff to do at their house.;Kaley Cuoco;amazing
I will always be the way I was a couple years ago before anything happened. And that's to my parents' credit, my amazing parents who have been around me my whole life and raised me right. I'm very happy with what has happened so far.;Kaley Cuoco;amazing
I can't believe it. I'm speechless. It is amazing to see where I've come from the last two years.;Libby Trickett;amazing
I would love to work with Paolo Nutini because he is so soulful and an amazing songwriter.;Birdy;amazing
I always knew that St. Jude was an amazing organization but meeting the kids and seeing how the hospital works first hand was truly beautiful. It doesn't feel like a regular hospital all dreary and sad. It's a colorful, beautiful, comfortable, fun place to live and the energy is wonderful.;Ariana Grande;amazing
When I performed at 'Open Mic U.K.' I had this connection with the audience that I'd never felt before, and I loved it. It was my first big thing, and looking out into the crowd... was just amazing.;Birdy;amazing
I got a phone call from Fearne Cotton. It was amazing! I literally couldn't believe it. It was so cool. It was the night before I was going on her show to sing on the 'Live Lounge.' She was so lovely.;Birdy;amazing
I truly don't know why the boys are getting all the votes - it could be because they are really amazing, and that's all there is to it. They're really, really good and every single boy deserves to be in the competition right now, and so do the two girls.;Pia Toscano;amazing
I'm definitely doing better. I never realized that I would get the support that I've gotten from everybody - from my fans, to people that I've idolized my whole life. So it's overwhelming, it's amazing and I believe that everything happens for a reason so I'm in a really good place right now.;Pia Toscano;amazing
Another little known fact about Amazing Tennis - the computer opponents are modeled after real people. In an odd turn of events, I joined a division 3 college tennis team at age 38.;David Crane;amazing
It is spectacular. From about five minutes in, when we knew for sure that we were going to have the weather to go, the smile on my face just got bigger and bigger, and I was just beaming through the whole launch. I mean, it is just an amazing ride.;Chris Hadfield;amazing
It is pretty amazing. My parents, who came from Nicaragua to the U.S. - who would have thought that they would have American kids on the Olympic team? I think that's the epitome of the Olympic dream.;Diana Lopez;amazing
To see a player dunk in women's college basketball is just amazing. It's great to see that the game has reached that level now.;Holly Johnson;amazing
I spent well over a year on the road with Sarah Vaughn. That was amazing.;Jan Hammer;amazing
With so many amazing artists on one bill, we expect this concert to be incredibly powerful in its ability to raise both money and awareness for the long-term rebuilding effort we must all support.;Brad Delson;amazing
