Judged by the law of England, I know this crime entails upon me the penalty of death but the history of Ireland explains that crime and justifies it.;Thomas Francis Meagher;history
Throughout history no one has suffered more than God. He has suffered because his own children fell away from him. Ever since the Fall, God has been working tirelessly for the restoration of mankind. People do not know this brokenhearted aspect of God.;Sun Myung Moon;history
I don't see women and think of them as competition or with judgment. Women really move me. I feel connected to all kinds of women. I am angry because I think we've been mistreated throughout history in different countries, including America. I admire women.;Salma Hayek;history
A year is an eternity in politics - though less than a moment in history.;Eliot Spitzer;history
We know from our own history that democratic institutions take decades to mature, and we know from past conflicts that freedom is not free.;Jim DeMint;history
The science of politics is the one science that is deposited by the streams of history, like the grains of gold in the sand of a river and the knowledge of the past, the record of truths revealed by experience, is eminently practical, as an instrument of action and a power that goes to making the future.;Lord Acton;history
Some might think that George W. Bush had his shortcomings, but let me tell you something - history's going to be kind to George W. Bush.;J. C. Watts;history
Anybody who comes to the cinema is bringing they're whole sexual history, their literary history, their movie literacy, their culture, their language, their religion, whatever they've got. I can't possibly manipulate all of that, nor do I want to.;David Cronenberg;history
I just read an 800-page history of the Scottish Enlightenment and, honestly, I may as well just start it again now, because I cannot remember a single thing. I can barely remember where Scotland is.;Hugh Laurie;history
I wanted to make sure that this be the first scientific and technology revolution in history in which the public thoroughly discussed all the potential benefits and all the potential harms, in advance of the technology coming online and running its course.;Jeremy Rifkin;history
So the old Copenhagen interpretation needs to be generalized, needs to be replaced by something that can be used for the whole universe, and can be used also in cases where there is plenty of individuality and history.;Murray Gell-Mann;history
History's a resource.;Laura Linney;history
History keeps her secrets longer than most of us. But she has one secret that I will reveal to you tonight in the greatest confidence. Sometimes there are no winners at all. And sometimes nobody needs to lose.;John le Carre;history
India is a curious place that still preserves the past, religions, and its history. No matter how modern India becomes, it is still very much an old country.;Anita Desai;history
For it is the duty of an astronomer to compose the history of the celestial motions through careful and expert study.;Nicolaus Copernicus;history
You have reckoned that history ought to judge the past and to instruct the contemporary world as to the future. The present attempt does not yield to that high office. It will merely tell how it really was.;Leopold Von Ranke;history
I'm not giving up my history and what I've done in my music because I love it and I'm very proud of it. I just want to open it up for more people.;LL Cool J;history
Christians should be ready for a change because Jesus was the greatest changer in history.;Ralph Abernathy;history
The stones themselves are thick with history, and those cats that dash through the alleyways must surely be the ghosts of the famous dead in feline disguise.;Erica Jong;history
History could pass for a scarlet text, its jot and title graven red in human blood.;Eldridge Cleaver;history
He could have made it right with the book. But he hasn't. He is a revisionist of history. He has lied.;Monica Lewinsky;history
When President Obama entered the White House, the economy was in a free-fall. The auto industry: on its back. The banks: frozen up. More than three million Americans had already lost their jobs. And America's bravest, our men and women in uniform, were fighting what would soon be the longest wars in our history.;Rahm Emanuel;history
History is the only true teacher, the revolution the best school for the proletariat.;Rosa Luxemburg;history
The audiences are there as a result of my history with the band but also as a result of my being able to reach people with a tune.;Bruce Springsteen;history
But I think it's more that when you're young, you're invincible, you're immortal - or at least you think you are. The possibilities are limitless, you're inventing the future. Then you get older and suddenly you have a history. It's fixed. You can't change anything. I find that a bit disturbing, to be honest.;Damien Hirst;history
History passes the final judgment.;Sidney Poitier;history
Debate and divergence of views can only enrich our history and culture.;Ibrahim Babangida;history
Those who become mentally ill often have a history of chronic pain.;Gene Tierney;history
We have need of history in its entirety, not to fall back into it, but to see if we can escape from it.;Jose Ortega y Gasset;history
A library, to modify the famous metaphor of Socrates, should be the delivery room for the birth of ideas - a place where history comes to life.;Norman Cousins;history
I'm quite good at taking in information so I voraciously inhale Wikipedia - which may have some things wrong in it, but I think is generally more information than we had before. Last tour we didn't have Wikipedia. And then Discovery Channel and History Channel. I can take it in and retain what I think are the most important facts.;Eddie Izzard;history
If the history of the Day of Atonement has anything to say to us now it is: never relieve individuals of moral responsibility. The more we have, the more we grow.;Jonathan Sacks;history
Jews read the books of Moses not just as history but as divine command. The question to which they are an answer is not, 'What happened?' but rather, 'How then shall I live?' And it's only with the exodus that the life of the commands really begins.;Jonathan Sacks;history
Religion is the best antidote to the individualism of the consumer age. The idea that society can do without it flies in the face of history and, now, evolutionary biology.;Jonathan Sacks;history
The message of Passover remains as powerful as ever. Freedom is won not on the battlefield but in the classroom and the home. Teach your children the history of freedom if you want them never to lose it.;Jonathan Sacks;history
What creates freedom? A revolution in the streets? Mass protest? Civil war? A change of government? The ousting of the old guard and its replacement by the new? History, more often than not, shows that hopes raised by such events are often dashed, sooner rather than later.;Jonathan Sacks;history
What we call National-Socialism is the poisonous perversion of ideas which have a long history in German intellectual life.;Thomas Mann;history
The prolonged slavery of women is the darkest page in human history.;Elizabeth Cady Stanton;history
We are not being arrogant or complacent when we are said that our country, as a united nation, has never in its entire history, enjoyed such a confluence of encouraging possibilities.;Thabo Mbeki;history
The history of astronomy is a history of receding horizons.;Edwin Powell Hubble;history
I think that both men, Bush and Blair, will be damned in history. Both men have made their respective countries the two most hated countries in the world.;George Galloway;history
Asking the author of historical novels to teach you about history is like expecting the composer of a melody to provide answers about radio transmission.;Lion Feuchtwanger;history
In my early 20s, I studied history and politics, and I really thought that perhaps I would devote my life to that.;Wallace Shawn;history
I wrote and produced millions and millions of selling records, so my publishing company alone was worth millions of dollars. I didn't have to work anymore in life because when the rappers started sampling... I'm the most sampled artist in history.;Rick James;history
I don't seem to be able to learn from experience or anything useful. History doesn't help me. Precedents don't inform my experience.;Bill Nighy;history
History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives.;Abba Eban;history
Common sense and history tell you that rewarding illegal behavior will only encourage more of it.;Ric Keller;history
These fallen heroes represent the character of a nation who has a long history of patriotism and honor - and a nation who has fought many battles to keep our country free from threats of terror.;Michael N. Castle;history
I went to Ohio University studying arts and history, and playing football. But I was only interested in girls, my pals and sports. I only did the minimum for school.;Ed O'Neill;history
Reading a book is like re-writing it for yourself. You bring to a novel, anything you read, all your experience of the world. You bring your history and you read it in your own terms.;Angela Carter;history
The odds are always against you no matter what your previous history is. You have to overcome the tendency to relax.;Tom Osborne;history
I think that the entertainment industry itself has a history of chasing success. Any time a hit product comes out, all the other companies start chasing after that success and trying to recreate it by putting out similar products.;Shigeru Miyamoto;history
I don't really think of things in terms of legacy or where I stand in the history of Nintendo or anything like that.;Shigeru Miyamoto;history
Of course, nobody would deny the importance of human beings for theological thinking, but the time span of history that theologians think about is a few thousand years of human culture rather than the fifteen billion years of the history of the universe.;John Polkinghorne;history
The great and abiding lesson of American history, particularly the cold war, is that the engine of capitalism, the individual, is mightier than any collective.;Rand Paul;history
For most of our history, no one dared to tell Americans, 'you don't build that.';Rand Paul;history
I had a go at changing history - maybe not all by myself - I fought at the battle of Normandy, I slogged through the Ardennes, and I celebrated the liberation of Paris on the streets with beautiful French girls throwing flowers at me. I said good-bye to my first true love and discovered what I really wanted to do with my life.;LeRoy Neiman;history
Every writer has his writing technique - what he can and can't do to describe something like war or history. I'm not good at writing about those things, but I try because I feel it is necessary to write that kind of thing.;Haruki Murakami;history
The current state of knowledge is a moment in history, changing just as rapidly as the state of knowledge in the past has ever changed and, in many instances, more rapidly.;Jean Piaget;history
I'm a good son, a good father, a good husband - I've been married to the same woman for 30 years. I'm a good friend. I finished college, I have my education, I donate money anonymously. So when people criticize the kind of characters that I play on screen, I go, 'You know, that's part of history.';Samuel L. Jackson;history
This is what I wanted. They tell me that London is the best field in history. I wanted to be part of that. Because everyone will be there it will be a wonderful challenge for me. You can see the best runners, how they look, how they run. For me to beat the best is what counts.;Haile Gebrselassie;history
I want to go down in history.;Haile Gebrselassie;history
When I read Thirteen Days I was moved by it. It was just a great time for the world, in terms of looking back in history and seeing how we got ourselves into trouble and how we got ourselves out of trouble.;Kevin Costner;history
I like American history.;Kevin Costner;history
You have to look at the history of the Middle East in particular. It has been one of failure and frustration, of feudalism and tribalism.;Alexander Haig;history
I've never been nostalgic, personally or politically - if the past was so great, how come it's history?;Julie Burchill;history
If I didn't have a front-row seat on history, it was at least a seat on the aisle.;Dan Rather;history
But we cannot rely on memorials and museums alone. We can tell ourselves we will never forget and we likely won't. But we need to make sure that we teach history to those who never had the opportunity to remember in the first place.;Dan Rather;history
If history could teach us anything, it would be that private property is inextricably linked with civilization.;Ludwig von Mises;history
He was what I often think is a dangerous thing for a statesman to be - a student of history and like most of those who study history, he learned from the mistakes of the past how to make new ones.;A. J. P. Taylor;history
Love is the whole history of a woman's life, it is but an episode in a man's.;Madame de Stael;history
There's no way to approach anything in an objective way. We're completely subjective our view of the world is completely controlled by who we are as human beings, as men or women, by our age, our history, our profession, by the state of the world.;Charlie Kaufman;history
A chronicle is very different from history proper.;Howard Nemerov;history
Never in the history of fashion has so little material been raised so high to reveal so much that needs to be covered so badly.;Cecil Beaton;history
In terms of the history of a far reaching movement, 20 years is not that long.;Aung San Suu Kyi;history
History is always changing.;Aung San Suu Kyi;history
I think journalists have the right to their opinions but I think their opinions should be based on history and what they see, not what they feel, how long they've been waiting or whether it's raining or it's snowing or whatever.;Marc Jacobs;history
To communicate the truths of history is an act of hope for the future.;Daisaku Ikeda;history
I believe that we must maintain pride in the knowledge that the actions we take, based on our own decisions and choices as individuals, link directly to the magnificent challenge of transforming human history.;Daisaku Ikeda;history
History is filled with tragic examples of wars that result from diplomatic impasse. Whether in our local communities or in international relations, the skillful use of our communicative capacities to negotiate and resolve differences is the first evidence of human wisdom.;Daisaku Ikeda;history
Our Founding Fathers crafted a constitutional Republic for the first time in the history of the world because they were shaping a form of government that would not have the failures of a democracy in it, but had the representation of democracy in it.;Steve King;history
The history of my life must begin by the earliest circumstance which my memory can evoke it will therefore commence when I had attained the age of eight years and four months.;Giacomo Casanova;history
I realise that I do not change the course of history. I am an actor, I do a movie, that's the end of it. You have to realise we are just clowns for hire. After I had success it was great, at first, not to worry about money. It was on my mind when I was growing up.;Leonardo DiCaprio;history
From lies to forgeries the step is not so long, and I have written technical essays on the logic of forgeries and on the influence of forgeries on history.;Umberto Eco;history
Throughout out history, when people have looked for new ways to solve their problems, and to uphold the principles of this nation, many times they have turned to political parties. They have often turned to the Democratic Party.;Barbara Jordan;history
When I arrived at Columbia, I gave up acting and became interested in all things French. French poetry, French history, French literature.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;history
Crafts make us feel rooted, give us a sense of belonging and connect us with our history. Our ancestors used to create these crafts out of necessity, and now we do them for fun, to make money and to express ourselves.;Phyllis George;history
The president led us into the Iraq war on the basis of unproven assertions without evidence he embraced a radical doctrine of pre-emptive war unprecedented in our history and he failed to build a true international coalition.;Nancy Pelosi;history
The American people voted to restore integrity and honesty in Washington, D.C., and the Democrats intend to lead the most honest, most open and most ethical Congress in history.;Nancy Pelosi;history
No country in history ever sent mothers of toddlers off to fight enemy soldiers until the United States did this in the Iraq war.;Phyllis Schlafly;history
The Middle East has the highest unemployment percentage of any region in the world we have the largest youth cohort of history coming into the market place that frustration does translate into the political sphere when people are hungry and without jobs.;King Abdullah II;history
I've been fortunate over my career to make a little history on the 16th hole at Augusta National.;Jack Nicklaus;history
Having a track record to live up to and the history of successes had become a hindrance. It becomes harder to break out of what people expect you to do.;Paul Simon;history
No matter how vital experience might be while you lived it, no sooner was it ended and dead than it became as lifeless as the piles of dry dust in a school history book.;Ellen Glasgow;history
There's no one place a virus goes to die - but that doesn't make its demise any less a public health victory. Throughout human history, viral diseases have had their way with us, and for just as long, we have hunted them down and done our best to wipe them out.;Jeffrey Kluger;history
War had always seemed to me to be a purely human behavior. Accounts of warlike behavior date back to the very first written records of human history it seemed to be an almost universal characteristic of human groups.;Jane Goodall;history
I think I was a good student, because I jumped over a school. My main interest was basically history and literature. Sports were basically basketball and swimming at a pool. I was so happy.;Shimon Peres;history
The Jews' greatest contribution to history is dissatisfaction! We're a nation born to be discontented. Whatever exists we believe can be changed for the better.;Shimon Peres;history
Natural selection, as it has operated in human history, favors not only the clever but the murderous.;Barbara Ehrenreich;history
