A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.;Victor Hugo;inspirational
Belief creates the actual fact.;William James;inspirational
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.;Tony Robbins;inspirational
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself.;Plato;inspirational
On the recollection of so many and great favours and blessings, I now, with a high sense of gratitude, presume to offer up my sincere thanks to the Almighty, the Creator and Preserver.;William Bartram;inspirational
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you.;Alan Watts;inspirational
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.;Tony Robbins;inspirational
Wonder rather than doubt is the root of all knowledge.;Abraham Joshua Heschel;inspirational
Enthusiasm moves the world.;Arthur Balfour;inspirational
If it were not for hopes, the heart would break.;Thomas Fuller;inspirational
What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?;Robert H. Schuller;inspirational
Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig.;Marcus Aurelius;inspirational
There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness.;Han Suyin;inspirational
Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment.;Tony Robbins;inspirational
In oneself lies the whole world and if you know how to look and learn, the door is there and the key is in your hand. Nobody on earth can give you either the key or the door to open, except yourself.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;inspirational
Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation.;Michael Jackson;inspirational
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;inspirational
It is only in sorrow bad weather masters us in joy we face the storm and defy it.;Amelia Barr;inspirational
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.;Henry Ward Beecher;inspirational
Everyone here has the sense that right now is one of those moments when we are influencing the future.;Steve Jobs;inspirational
When deeds speak, words are nothing.;Pierre-Joseph Proudhon;inspirational
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears.;Albert Camus;inspirational
The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.;Ben Okri;inspirational
Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.;Mary Kay Ash;inspirational
Give light and people will find the way.;Ella Baker;inspirational
Every heart that has beat strongly and cheerfully has left a hopeful impulse behind it in the world, and bettered the tradition of mankind.;Robert Louis Stevenson;inspirational
Tears are often the telescope by which men see far into heaven.;Henry Ward Beecher;inspirational
And now, this is the sweetest and most glorious day that ever my eyes did see.;Donald Cargill;inspirational
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom.;Friedrich Schiller;inspirational
The essential elements of giving are power and love - activity and affection - and the consciousness of the race testifies that in the high and appropriate exercise of these is a blessedness greater than any other.;Mark Hopkins;inspirational
For a gallant spirit there can never be defeat.;Wallis Simpson;inspirational
Great hopes make great men.;Thomas Fuller;inspirational
Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove. But I find that the whole order of Nature confirms my confidence that, if it is not like our noblest hopes and dreams, it will transcend them.;Henry Norris Russell;inspirational
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.;William Ellery Channing;inspirational
I pray God may preserve your health and life many years.;Junipero Serra;inspirational
A man has to learn that he cannot command things, but that he can command himself that he cannot coerce the wills of others, but that he can mold and master his own will: and things serve him who serves Truth people seek guidance of him who is master of himself.;James Allen;inspirational
I know why I am here and my only real focused goal is to live each day to the fullest and to try and honor God and be an encouragement to others. What the future holds is firmly in God's hands, and I am very happy about that!;Ken Hensley;inspirational
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.;Richard Bach;inspirational
How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains!;John Muir;inspirational
The power of imagination makes us infinite.;John Muir;inspirational
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life - and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do.;Georgia O'Keeffe;inspirational
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes.;Benjamin Disraeli;inspirational
A human being has so many skins inside, covering the depths of the heart. We know so many things, but we don't know ourselves! Why, thirty or forty skins or hides, as thick and hard as an ox's or bear's, cover the soul. Go into your own ground and learn to know yourself there.;Meister Eckhart;inspirational
Of all human activities, man's listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will.;Pope Paul VI;inspirational
Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed.;Blaise Pascal;inspirational
The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty.;Pablo Neruda;inspirational
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.;Harry Emerson Fosdick;inspirational
I am deliberate and afraid of nothing.;Audre Lorde;inspirational
The truth is on the march and nothing will stop it.;Emile Zola;inspirational
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help.;Pope Paul VI;inspirational
We convince by our presence.;Walt Whitman;inspirational
As knowledge increases, wonder deepens.;Charles Morgan;inspirational
Tears of joy are like the summer rain drops pierced by sunbeams.;Hosea Ballou;inspirational
I believe there's an inner power that makes winners or losers. And the winners are the ones who really listen to the truth of their hearts.;Sylvester Stallone;inspirational
Keep all special thoughts and memories for lifetimes to come. Share these keepsakes with others to inspire hope and build from the past, which can bridge to the future.;Mattie Stepanek;inspirational
It is not ignorance but knowledge which is the mother of wonder.;Joseph Wood Krutch;inspirational
Learning how to be still, to really be still and let life happen - that stillness becomes a radiance.;Morgan Freeman;inspirational
Happiness is the natural flower of duty.;Phillips Brooks;inspirational
The authentic self is the soul made visible.;Sarah Ban Breathnach;inspirational
Think with your whole body.;Taisen Deshimaru;inspirational
Plant thy foot firmly in the prints which His foot has made before thee.;Joseph Barber Lightfoot;inspirational
Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm.;Jean Paul;inspirational
The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an ice-cream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free.;Ray Manzarek;inspirational
Mankind is made great or little by its own will.;Friedrich Schiller;inspirational
Our ideals are our better selves.;Amos Bronson Alcott;inspirational
Ideas shape the course of history.;John Maynard Keynes;inspirational
Let each man exercise the art he knows.;Aristophanes;inspirational
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.;Bernard Williams;inspirational
I arise full of eagerness and energy, knowing well what achievement lies ahead of me.;Zane Grey;inspirational
Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens.;David Cameron;inspirational
The single most important thing in a child's performance is the quality of the teacher. Making sure a child spends the maximum amount of time with inspirational teachers is the most important thing.;Michael Gove;inspirational
I have amazing friends who have led inspirational lives.;Andrew Shue;inspirational
It's inspirational to see someone who is dying smile.;Arlen Specter;inspirational
The best form of flattery is to be admired, imitated or respected. I've always felt proud our fans look up to us or feel we are inspirational.;Cheryl James;inspirational
One of the things that I did before I ran for president is I was a professional speaker. Not a motivational speaker - an inspirational speaker. Motivation comes from within. You have to be inspired. That's what I do. I inspire people, I inspire the public, I inspire my staff. I inspired the organizations I took over to want to succeed.;Herman Cain;inspirational
'Do What You Gotta Do' is a positive, inspirational song that says no matter what it is whether you're up against challenges or trying to get your dreams and aspirations met, you should do what whatever you have to do shy of killing yourself or someone else.;Angie Stone;inspirational
'Star Wars' is fun, its exciting, its inspirational, and people respond to that. It's what they want.;George Lucas;inspirational
Rap music's been around for too long now to be inspirational. The words are, but the music isn't.;Alexander McQueen;inspirational
I wanted to do something inspirational for my children.;Harvey Weinstein;inspirational
I try not to put anything political on the forefront of what I'm trying to do creatively. At the same time, I do think it's wonderful when I hear people say that it's inspirational that I'm an Indian woman on camera. My life is very diverse, and my friends are a diverse group of people.;Mindy Kaling;inspirational
I do love to eavesdrop. It's inspirational, not only for subject matter but for actual dialogue, the way people talk.;Lynda Barry;inspirational
I view art as an inspirational tool.;Thomas Kincade;inspirational
To me, the Seventies were very inspirational and very influential... With my whole persona as Snoop Dogg, as a person, as a rapper. I just love the Seventies style, the way all the players dressed nice, you know, kept their hair looking good, drove sharp cars and they talked real slick.;Snoop Dogg;inspirational
Space is an inspirational concept that allows you to dream big.;Peter Diamandis;inspirational
I think that the reason for my success is that I am really not aspirational. I am inspirational in that the people at home feel like they can really relate to me.;Rosie O'Donnell;inspirational
I think if there's something one needs to change with oneself, it doesn't have to happen in the New Year. You can do that any time you please - not that it's not a good inspirational tactic for the people that it works for.;Brittany Murphy;inspirational
Look at a football field. It looks like a big movie screen. This is theatre. Football combines the strategy of chess. It's part ballet. It's part battleground, part playground. We clarify, amplify and glorify the game with our footage, the narration and that music, and in the end create an inspirational piece of footage.;Steve Sabol;inspirational
Almost every college playwright or sketch or improv comedian was sort of aware of Christopher Durang - even kids in high school. His short plays were so accessible to younger people and I think that was inspirational to me.;Mindy Kaling;inspirational
Roosevelt's declaration that Americans had 'nothing to fear but fear itself' was a glorious piece of inspirational rhetoric and just as gloriously wrong.;Russell Baker;inspirational
So I wanted to sing inspirational music, and that's exactly how I approached it - only the words have been changed to declare my relationship with God.;Smokey Robinson;inspirational
I used to make up stuff in my bio all the time, that I used to be a professional ice-skater and stuff like that. I found it so inspirational. Why not make myself cooler than I am?;Stephen Colbert;inspirational
President Obama called for a 'we' nation in his Inauguration Address. Art convenes. It is not just inspirational. It is aspirational. It pricks the walls of our compartmentalized minds, opens our hearts and makes us brave. And that's what we need most in our country today.;Anna Deavere Smith;inspirational
Had I not come out with an inspirational CD, you perhaps would have never known that I feel like I feel, that all songs, all the music I've ever done is a gift from God.;Smokey Robinson;inspirational
You never know when some small thing will lead to a big idea. Travel is very inspirational - but it's in the ordinary that I find my themes of love and work and family.;Adriana Trigiani;inspirational
I will always desire to play with Bruce Springsteen. He's the most inspirational, most dedicated, most committed and most focused artist I've ever seen. I like to be around people like that.;Max Weinberg;inspirational
I am very conscious of who I am as an artist and as an inspirational person.;R. Kelly;inspirational
When Maurice touched a keyboard, it was like something from a movie, magical. He would always give you something from a movie, and you'd go, what did you just play... immediately inspirational writings, amazing. That's what we're going to miss.;Robin Gibb;inspirational
The flow of Guiness into the studio was inspirational as well as nutritive.;Carter Burwell;inspirational
Books are challenging and inspirational to me.;Amy Sedaris;inspirational
