'Castle' is a guy living in a fantasy world. He's in his imagination, writing these stories of murder.;Nathan Fillion;imagination
I think my printing to this day looks like the printing right out of a comic book. Actually, I always wanted to be in a comic book. I watched cartoons when I was a kid, too, and both comics and cartoons lit fire in my imagination. This realm holds a lot of interest for me, a lot of passion for me. So to be comic-ized, yeah, that's cool.;Nathan Fillion;imagination
I like to have a thing suggested rather than told in full. When every detail is given, the mind rests satisfied, and the imagination loses the desire to use its own wings.;Thomas Bailey Aldrich;imagination
Toy Soldiers was my introduction to film. I certainly didn't think I was doing art by any stretch of the imagination.;Tim Robbins;imagination
There's the argument that you can relate to someone who's completely unrelatable. In the way that a director shows you his imagination on a film, then I get to show you my imagination in a big dumb character.;Idris Elba;imagination
The march of invention has clothed mankind with powers of which a century ago the boldest imagination could not have dreamt.;Henry George;imagination
I never in my wildest imagination dreamed that I would somehow become a sports commentator.;Joe Rogan;imagination
It is above all by the imagination that we achieve perception and compassion and hope.;Ursula K. Le Guin;imagination
My reality needs imagination like a bulb needs a socket. My imagination needs reality like a blind man needs a cane.;Tom Waits;imagination
The higher the artist, the fewer the gestures. The fewer the tools, the greater the imagination. The greater the will, the greater the secret failure.;Ben Okri;imagination
Politics is the enemy of the imagination.;Ian Mcewan;imagination
True intelligence requires fabulous imagination.;Ian Mcewan;imagination
As an actor you have to have a strong vivid imagination as you're working and when the camera's rolling, but there's certainly a part of you that is aware of real life, that you're making a movie.;John Hawkes;imagination
What I really have in my head, my imagination, my understanding of music, I never really get that out.;Wynton Marsalis;imagination
I surrendered to a world of my imagination, reenacting all those wonderful tales my father would read aloud to me. I became a very active reader, especially history and Shakespeare.;Andrew Wyeth;imagination
I can't work completely out of my imagination. I must put my foot in a bit of truth and then I can fly free.;Andrew Wyeth;imagination
My books are elegiac in the sense that they're odes to a nation that even I sometimes think may not exist anymore except in my memory and my imagination.;Richard Russo;imagination
I feel like I'm a much better person when I'm developing my imagination and my innocence and my vulnerability. I like that version of me better than the version where I'm just working on my analytical mind.;Brit Marling;imagination
All my life I've had the privilege to make my living with my imagination, and the most important thing has been to see my creative life grow. I was educated to do that and have lived accordingly.;Tommy Lee Jones;imagination
You can have 10 bucks to 10 million bucks and if you got a crew, imagination and a lot of people willing to turn in some work next to nothing, you going to have a feature. But you can't get beyond how expensive marketing the movie is, it's so crushing.;Kevin Smith;imagination
All the best have something in common, a regard for reality, an agreement to its primacy over the imagination.;Wislawa Szymborska;imagination
Love is based on imagination.;Olivier Martinez;imagination
My imagination functions much better when I don't have to speak to people.;Patricia Highsmith;imagination
The Chinese art world does not exist. In a society that restricts individual freedoms and violates human rights, anything that calls itself creative or independent is a pretence. It is impossible for a totalitarian society to create anything with passion and imagination.;Ai Weiwei;imagination
I suppose I'm proudest of my novels for what's imagined in them. I think the world of my imagination is a richer and more interesting place than my personal biography.;John Irving;imagination
A clever, imagination, humorous request can open closed doors and closed minds.;Percy Ross;imagination
I've been working on the soprano saxophone for 40 years, and the possibilities are astounding. It's up to you, the only limit is the imagination.;Steve Lacy;imagination
Imagination allows us to escape the predictable. It enables us to reply to the common wisdom that we cannot soar by saying, 'Just watch!';Bill Bradley;imagination
Imagination is the air of mind.;Philip James Bailey;imagination
Cynicism and naivety lie cheek by jowl in the American imagination if the United States is one of the most venal nations on Earth, it is also one of the most earnestly idealistic.;Terry Eagleton;imagination
The development of beauty in chess never depends on you alone. No matter how much imagination and creativity you invest, you still do not create beauty. Your opponent must react at the same highest level.;Vladimir Kramnik;imagination
It's through the small things that we develop our moral imagination, so that we can understand the sufferings of others.;Alexander McCall Smith;imagination
Imagination is not the exclusive appanage of artists, but belongs in varying degrees to all men.;George Henry Lewes;imagination
He is indebted to his memory for his jests and to his imagination for his facts.;Richard Brinsley Sheridan;imagination
The first piece of music that captured my imagination was probably Ray Charles Live At Newport.;Van Morrison;imagination
I write from my imagination, not from what I've read in books or seen on TV or to make money. I wrote from an idea I was passionate about.;Dirk Benedict;imagination
Someone once said that history has more imagination than all the scenario writers in the Pentagon, and we have a lot of scenario writers here. No one ever wrote a scenario for commercial airliners crashing into the World Trade Center.;Paul Wolfowitz;imagination
I don't like this idea of Method. I come from that school, but what I was taught was that it's your imagination. You do your homework, and you use your imagination.;Mark Ruffalo;imagination
The desire to live in our imagination is driven by this suspicion that we're disembodied sensibilities cobbled into our bodies. That idea has infused most of human thought since the very beginning.;Richard Powers;imagination
I still have a photo on my wall of the greatest idol I will ever have in my life, and it's myself at eight. Because that's when the forces of imagination have the same value as the real world, when they're an instrument of survival: when my mother disappeared, and I imagined a mother. That was me at my best.;Henning Mankell;imagination
I like something where I can really use my imagination and be an active participant in the construction of the monster and usually that's in the world of the supernatural or the world of the fantastic, so that's why those kinds of stories about demons and the supernatural appeal to me or maybe I'm really interested in that subject.;Sam Raimi;imagination
Our imagination just needs space. It's all it needs, that moment where you just sort of stare into the distance where your brain gets to sort of somehow rise up.;Glen Hansard;imagination
One way we can enliven the imagination is to push it toward the illogical. We're not scientists. We don't always have to make the logical, reasonable leap.;Stella Adler;imagination
I deeply adored my mum. She was an extraordinary person, even for the prejudice I'm likely to have. She was beautiful, amusing, a tremendous elaborator of things into comic proportions and extravagant in her imagination.;Andrew Motion;imagination
The human imagination... has great difficulty in living strictly within the confines of a materialist practice or philosophy. It dreams, like a dog in its basket, of hares in the open.;John Berger;imagination
I'm an emotional sort of person in general and I have a vivid imagination, so I feel the whole spectrum of emotion strongly when I write.;Erin Morgenstern;imagination
Ultimately, so much Dr. Seuss is about empowerment. He invites us to disappear into our imagination and then blows the doors off what that can mean.;Gary Ross;imagination
I use a lot of film images, analogies, and imagination.;Carlos Fuentes;imagination
I am not interested in slice of life, what I want is a slice of the imagination.;Carlos Fuentes;imagination
There must be room for the imagination to exercise its powers we must conceive and apprehend a thousand things which we do not actually witness.;William Godwin;imagination
There can be no passion, and by consequence no love, where there is not imagination.;William Godwin;imagination
There's just so many great stories in the past that you can know a little bit about, but you can't know it all, and that's where imagination can work.;Geraldine Brooks;imagination
The thing that most attracts me to historical fiction is taking the factual record as far as it is known, using that as scaffolding, and then letting imagination build the structure that fills in those things we can never find out for sure.;Geraldine Brooks;imagination
You want to do something that shows some type individuality and talent and imagination - at the same time, you want to be truthful to the predecessors, because obviously the audience liked something about them and you have to replicate that experience to a certain extent.;Renny Harlin;imagination
A young imagination is bold, likes to make bigger leaps. It likes to, well, imagine that the dustbuster is a dinosaur that the computer mouse is a hotrod that the box is a cave that the rawhide is a torch... or a baton... or something.;Mo Rocca;imagination
Lyrically I like to use themes that make the listener use his or her imagination, and to give a little of the lessons I've learned in my own life.;Ronnie James Dio;imagination
Many memory techniques involve creating unforgettable imagery, in your mind's eye. That's an act of imagination. Creating really weird imagery really quickly was the most fun part of my training to compete in the U.S. Memory Competition.;Joshua Foer;imagination
I tried to stir the imagination and enthusiasms of students to take risks, to do what they were most afraid of doing, to widen their horizons of action.;James Broughton;imagination
Dreaming is an act of pure imagination, attesting in all men a creative power, which if it were available in waking, would make every man a Dante or Shakespeare.;Frederick Henry Hedge;imagination
I feel very giddy with the idea of making my imagination take form and being able to put on a show where people leave feeling like they've experienced something.;Carly Rae Jepsen;imagination
On the one hand, the guns were there to help capture the imagination of the people. But more important, since we knew that you couldn't observe the police without guns, we took our guns with us to let the police know that we have an equalizer.;Bobby Seale;imagination
How can a doctor judge a woman's sanity by merely bidding her good morning and refusing to hear her pleas for release? Even the sick ones know it is useless to say anything, for the answer will be that it is their imagination.;Nellie Bly;imagination
I look back into past history, the stored experiences or products of the imagination. I look no further forward than the evening.;Jerzy Kosinski;imagination
Love doesn't grow on trees like apples in Eden - it's something you have to make. And you must use your imagination too.;Joyce Cary;imagination
I have been afraid all my life that I am going to die. All my life it has been stuffed in my imagination.;Patty Duke;imagination
There is no better way of exercising the imagination than the study of law. No poet ever interpreted nature as freely as a lawyer interprets the truth.;Jean Giraudoux;imagination
We all know here that the law is the most powerful of schools for the imagination. No poet ever interpreted nature as freely as a lawyer interprets the truth.;Jean Giraudoux;imagination
When something is such a creative medium as the web, the limits to it are our imagination.;Tim Berners Lee;imagination
You will obtain a vision of matter that is perhaps fatiguing for your imagination, but pure and stripped of what the requirements of life make you add to it in external perception.;Henri Bergson;imagination
I have an imagination because my life is so boring that my imagination lets me get off the reality of what's going on.;Dave Attell;imagination
I'm looking for a way out of here. I can't have it physically, so I'm going to have it intellectually. It was a beautiful thing to ride Seabiscuit in my imagination. And it's just fantastic to be there alongside Louie as he's breaking the NCAA mile record. People at these vigorous moments in their lives - it's my way of living vicariously.;Laura Hillenbrand;imagination
My favorite literature to read is fairly dry history. I like the framework, and my imagination can do the rest.;Andrew Bird;imagination
I suffer from the delusion that every product of my imagination is not only possible, but always on the cusp of becoming real.;Sean Parker;imagination
Vision gets the dreams started. Dreaming employs your God-given imagination to reinforce the vision. Both are part of something I believe is absolutely necessary to building the life of a champion, a winner, a person of high character who is consistently at the top of whatever game he or she is in.;Emmitt Smith;imagination
Use your imagination, and you'll see that even the most narrow, humdrum lives are infinite in scope if you examine them with enough care.;Mark Haddon;imagination
I don't necessarily start with the beginning of the book. I just start with the part of the story that's most vivid in my imagination and work forward and backward from there.;Beverly Cleary;imagination
I think my imagination dictates the technologies I use. But at the same time, my imagination can be technologic. Sometimes I see a tool and I know immediately how to use it, but most of the time I use the tool for an idea I already have.;Michel Gondry;imagination
Imagination creates some big monsters.;Olivier Martinez;imagination
It's not only imagination, it's the distortion of the vision. You suddenly think, This person is idealistic, this person is strong, this person has dreams, when you know better most of the time. You put what you want to see on people.;Olivier Martinez;imagination
I am an actor and I live in the world of pretend in my working capacity. I live in the world of my imagination.;Derek Jacobi;imagination
Ellis Peters's historical detail is very accurate and very minute, and therefore is not only interesting to read but good for an actor to acquire a sense of the period. And the other thing I think is that an actor lives in the land of imagination.;Derek Jacobi;imagination
Ultimately it's a leap of faith and a leap of imagination to put yourself back in time into those conditions and situations and see how you would react.;Derek Jacobi;imagination
When we were filming 'The Darkest Hour,' we didn't even know what the aliens were going to look like, we didn't even have a graphic reference. So it was definitely a big challenge to sell those kind of extreme moments when you're just generating them from your own imagination.;Olivia Thirlby;imagination
I believe that imagination inspires nations. It's something that I live by.;Janelle Monae;imagination
Vulgarity begins when imagination succumbs to the explicit.;Doris Day;imagination
Under no stretch of imagination can war be regarded as an ethical process yet war, force, terror, and propaganda were the evolutionary means employed to weld the German people into a tribal whole.;Arthur Keith;imagination
I always believe it's better to have 30 imaginations working on a project, rather than one imagination telling the other 29 what to do.;Trevor Nunn;imagination
I have enough love to last me a lifetime! Thank God I'll never lose my imagination and my passion. That's really what it is. I'm still passionate about what I do.;Teena Marie;imagination
Clearly, some creative thinking is badly needed if humans are to have a future beyond Earth. Returning to the Moon may be worthy and attainable, but it fails to capture the public's imagination. What does get people excited is the prospect of a mission to Mars.;Paul Davies;imagination
Literary imagination is an aesthetic object offered by a writer to a lover of books.;Gaston Bachelard;imagination
It was like there was a pile of kindling that was in the back of my imagination just waiting there. Once I lit it, it just flared up and I kept getting ideas and ideas.;Kevin J. Anderson;imagination
We especially need imagination in science.;Maria Mitchell;imagination
Reality is how we interpret it. Imagination and volition play a part in that interpretation. Which means that all reality is to some extent a fiction.;Yann Martel;imagination
Never forget that the key to the situation lies in the will and not in the imagination.;Evelyn Underhill;imagination
I do as much comedy as I possibly can, but I'm basically limited by the imagination of the secretaries who make the decisions.;Rufus Sewell;imagination
Imagination comes of not having things.;LeRoy Neiman;imagination
It's what still excites me most about acting: letting your imagination go places it's never been before. There's nothing better than that.;Robin Wright Penn;imagination
Sometimes a technology is so awe-inspiring that the imagination runs away with it - often far, far away from reality. Robots are like that. A lot of big and ultimately unfulfilled promises were made in robotics early on, based on preliminary successes.;Daniel H. Wilson;imagination
Well, I think that as a country, we've drifted away from appreciating the importance of imagination.;Terry Brooks;imagination
