Men are beginning to realize that they are not individuals but persons in society, that man alone is weak and adrift, that he must seek strength in common action.;Dorothy Day;strength
There's a lot of strength in the U.S., but there's a lot of froth also. The froth will blow off. We're going to have to face up to some realities that we're not fully facing up to right now.;Jeffrey Sachs;strength
Military preparedness is absolutely a form of strength.;Rachel Maddow;strength
I admired in others the strength that I lacked myself.;Georg Brandes;strength
Just about this time, when in imagination I was so great a warrior, I had good use in real life for more strength, as I was no longer taken to school by the nurse, but instead had myself to protect my brother, two years my junior.;Georg Brandes;strength
What are my sources of strength? My husband and my three kids, my health-care team, and my religion.;Geraldine Ferraro;strength
There is a lot of strength and intelligence in Hollywood.;Fay Wray;strength
We managed to hang in there. Today when people get married there's a tendency to run away when things get tough. There is a lot of strength in hanging together.;Jerry Stiller;strength
Terrorists have failed to trigger mass conflict between Muslims and non-Muslims in Europe. We should draw strength from that fact.;Gijs de Vries;strength
Now, I am about to be nailed as the man who disliked 'Howl's Moving Castle.' Lord, give me strength! Also, IT, please disconnect the e-mail thing.;Stephen Hunter;strength
While other industries have suffered, the nonprofit arts world continues to build in strength while it encourages the growth of innumerable small businesses on its periphery, thereby creating more jobs.;Louise Slaughter;strength
When I write down my thoughts, they do not escape me. This action makes me remember my strength which I forget at all times. I educate myself proportionately to my captured thought. I aim only to distinguish the contradiction between my mind and nothingness.;Isidore Ducasse Lautreamont;strength
Naturally we are aware of the strength of our economy and naturally we don't want to downplay it.;Gerhard Schroder;strength
I mean I'm not smarter than the market, but I can recognize a good tape and a bad tape. I recognize when it's right and when it's wrong and that's what my strength is.;Jim Cramer;strength
With a houseful of kids you give each other strength.;Michael Landon;strength
The President has not created any Ford constituency, unique from that of any Republican President. The one exception to this is that he does show unique strength with young voters for a Republican.;Robert Teeter;strength
The weapon of the Republic is terror, and virtue is its strength.;Georg Buchner;strength
The grandeur and strength or our people and democracy are as big as a forest.;Chen Shui-bian;strength
The fact that we're going through a crisis is an opportunity for Europe to be more coordinated and more integrated. We're actually talking about a European Monetary Fund or euro bonds, about guarantees for countries, about economic governance in the European Union. That shows the strength of Europe.;George Papandreou;strength
On the other hand, the American public possesses a great resilience and strength, and good risk communication strategies can tap into and even amplify those assets.;Patrick J. Kennedy;strength
Military strength in reserve is better than military strength being reigned upon the other side including all of its innocent civilians.;Theodore C. Sorensen;strength
I gambled on having the strength to live two lives, one for myself and one for the world.;Ruth Benedict;strength
With such thoughts in your mind, now that you have resolved to love Him and please Him with all your strength, your only fear should be to fear God too much and to place too little confidence in Him.;Alphonsus Liguori;strength
At their core, when things really matter, people see a need to turn to God for strength and protection.;Lee Greenwood;strength
When we read stories of heroes, we identify with them. We take the journey with them. We see how the obstacles almost overcome them. We see how they grow as human beings or gain qualities or show great qualities of strength and courage and with them, we grow in some small way.;Sam Raimi;strength
But I really like hosting, I think it's a strength of mine. It allows me to improvise, and I love the spontaneity of that, and I think I'm funny behind the desk when interviewing someone.;Garry Shandling;strength
At Casablanca we did 'Midnight Express,' 'Flashdance,' and 'The Deep.' My willingness for risk has always been my strength.;Peter Guber;strength
The only concept or experience or core belief that I can attribute my other-ness to is that I just started out a weirdo and I stayed a weirdo. And it took me a long time to embrace my outsidership and see it as a strength rather than a weakness.;Aisha Tyler;strength
Strength alone knows conflict, weakness is born vanquished.;Sophie Swetchine;strength
I had no doubts I could go to the pole. I may not be as strong, but I make up for physical strength in other areas, like steadiness and not panicking under stress.;Ann Bancroft;strength
My wife and I have always trusted each other, and I have to thank her strength.;Anthony Anderson;strength
The serve, I was too young and too small and... not enough powerful to have a good serve when I was young, so my forehand was always my signature shot. So I used to always run around my backhand, you know, use my forehand as much as I could, and so that's why I think it's my strength also today, you know.;Roger Federer;strength
The first thing is that we're being attacked by both the Writers Guild and the Producers Guild. Both of these groups are trying to diminish the importance and strength of the director. They're trying to do it through both frontal and side attacks.;John Frankenheimer;strength
America's downgrade may serve as a wakeup call for its policymakers. It is an unambiguous and loud signal of the country's eroding economic strength and global standing. It renders urgent the need to regain the initiative through better economic policymaking and more coherent governance.;Mohamed El-Erian;strength
You are talking to a man who can only play a plastic keyboard. Give me anything weighted and I've had it. I haven't got the strength in my fingers to push them down. So I don't get a lot of expression on the keyboard.;Midge Ure;strength
We get strength and encouragement from watching children.;Hayao Miyazaki;strength
The strength in our third-quarter financial results is cause for excitement. I'm particularly pleased that we continue to demonstrate impressive growth at the same time we are engaged in important merger discussions.;Bernard Ebbers;strength
First I shall name the eagle, of which there are three species: the great grey eagle is the largest, of great strength and high flight he chiefly preys on fawns and other young quadrupeds.;William Bartram;strength
My father was the son of immigrants, and he grew up bilingual, but English is what my father taught me and what he spoke to me. America's strength is not our diversity it is our ability to unite around common principles even when we come from different backgrounds.;Ernest Istook;strength
My knee is as strong as it was before, if not stronger, and it's a matter of getting my leg strong. I lost six years of strength in about six month's time, so it's going to take another year or two to get that leg back up to full strength, but I'm good to go so far.;Picabo Street;strength
Chicago's neighborhoods have always been this city's greatest strength.;Jane Byrne;strength
I like writing for children. It seems to me that most people underestimate their understanding and the strength of their feelings and in my books for them I try to put this right.;Nina Bawden;strength
America is moving forward and gaining strength. We have been tested, and we have proven ourselves to be a tough, resilient and resourceful nation.;Bill Frist;strength
Exercise helps me with stress. It changes your brain chemistry. I turn to Ashtanga yoga when I feel the need to relax. I love it, but it's not right for everybody. It's taught to you a little bit at a time, according to your body type and your strength. That keeps things challenging.;Lisa Edelstein;strength
You must in all Airs follow the strength, spirit, and disposition of the horse, and do nothing against nature for art is but to set nature in order, and nothing else.;William Cavendish;strength
Our role in Israel is a pioneering one, and we need people with certain strength of fiber.;Moshe Sharett;strength
The strength of any weakness within us is the degree to which it is feared.;Guy Finley;strength
Eventually, we reach the point where we start to realize that we are not going to find peace, contentment, happiness, strength, fearlessness - all of the things that in our heart of hearts we wish we had - outside of us.;Guy Finley;strength
The Roman legions were formed in the first instance of citizen soldiers, who yet had been made to submit to a rigid discipline, and to feel that in that submission lay their strength.;Goldwin Smith;strength
What we call a poem is mostly what is not there on the page. The strength of any poem is the poems that it has managed to exclude.;Harold Bloom;strength
That's one strength that Stevie has. She's really not a strong instrumentalist in any way. Her instrument is her voice and her words. And it keeps her focused on the very center of that.;Lindsey Buckingham;strength
Strength was the virtue of paganism obedience is the virtue of Christianity.;David Hare;strength
I'm not slick. I'm not polished. I think my strength is in reacting.;Billy Bush;strength
From this process has emerged a parallel process of translating traditional working and living values into a new political and economic power - a power increasingly based upon the strength of money and those material things money can purchase.;Alex Campbell;strength
Although housing sales and starts have cooled to more typical levels, the housing market remains strong and sound. Without the expansion of homeownership and the strength of our housing market, our nation would not have the economic growth we are experiencing today.;Randy Neugebauer;strength
How one stands up to any sort of allegation in the heat of political battle reveals the strength and nature of your character. It's one of the reasons we have campaigns.;Tammy Bruce;strength
In view of China's growing military strength and intentions, the best way to safeguard Asia's permanent peace and prosperity is to have all Asian countries join forces with other democratic countries in the world to form a global community of democracies.;Jim Costa;strength
The glimpses of human strength and frailty that a physician sees are with me still.;Daniel Nathans;strength
Through these adversities, Israel has endured with continued strength, conviction, and faith.;Jerry Costello;strength
The mark of a truly civilized man is confidence in the strength and security derived from the inquiring mind.;Felix Frankfurter;strength
What I miss today more than anything else - I don't go to church as much anymore - but that old-time religion, that old singing, that old praying which I love so much. That is the great strength of my being, of my writing.;Ernest Gaines;strength
I have my own strength.;Nina Hagen;strength
The strength of the Democratic Party of Cook County is not something that just happened.;Richard J. Daley;strength
We deceive ourselves when we fancy that only weakness needs support. Strength needs it far more.;Madame Swetchine;strength
Difficulty, my brethren, is the nurse of greatness - a harsh nurse, who roughly rocks her foster - children into strength and athletic proportion.;William C. Bryant;strength
I realized then that the generations may change but the strength of our nation remains solid.;Jane D. Hull;strength
The mask can be a limitation, but you just deal with it. You do get superhuman strength and pumpkin bombs and all this other stuff to express yourself with.';Willem Dafoe;strength
And partly, the worst thing you could do in my family was need something from someone. So physical strength represented an avenue of self-sufficiency to me.;Alison Bechdel;strength
Our enemies, like the Grecian hero, have one vulnerable point. You have not touched it yet. What should have been their element of weakness has been suffered to remain an element of strength.;Jay Alan Sekulow;strength
They say everything you go through in your childhood builds character and inner strength.;Curtis Joseph;strength
Sometimes you have to take the focus off of you and put it on someone else and it's funny what you can accomplish and how much strength you really have.;Hoda Kotb;strength
The overall strength of Chinese culture and its international influence is not commensurate with China's international status. The international culture of the West is strong while we are weak.;Hu Jintao;strength
Every social organisation which is rooted in life still lasts a long time, even after the conditions from which it drew its strength have changed in a manner unfavourable to it.;Karl Radek;strength
Europe has a lot of strength. We need to pool that strength, and I am very much in favour of that - more of a deeper political union.;Georgios A. Papandreou;strength
But the general welfare must restrict and regulate the exertions of the individuals, as the individuals must derive a supply of their strength from social power.;Friedrich List;strength
I used to play football for Real Madrid, and to be on stage for two hours, I can tell you it takes the same amount of strength.;Julio Iglesias;strength
Not even girls want to be girls so long as our feminine archetype lacks force, strength, and power.;William Moulton Marston;strength
The swimmer adrift on the open seas measures his strength, and strives with all his muscles to keep himself afloat. But what is he to do when there is no land on the horizon, and none beyond it?;Georges Duhamel;strength
Wealth brings strength, strength confidence.;John Lothrop Motley;strength
I will continue to push for doubling the strength of the U.S. Border Patrol, and to make sure that every cargo container that enters this nation is screened for radiation and potential weapons of mass destruction.;Nick Lampson;strength
Freedom comes from strength and self-reliance.;Lisa Murkowski;strength
The opponents and I are really one. My strength and skills only half of the equation. The other half is theirs. An opponent is someone whose strength joined to yours creates a certain result.;Sadaharu Oh;strength
When all is said and done, the real citadel of strength of any community is in the hearts and minds and desires of those who dwell there.;Everett Dirksen;strength
I understand why creative people like dark, but American audiences don't like dark. They like story. They do not respond to nervous breakdowns and unhappy episodes that lead nowhere. They like their characters to be a part of the action. They like strength, not weakness, a chance to work out any dilemma.;Leslie Moonves;strength
My strength is coming up with two outs in the last of the ninth.;Michael Eisner;strength
My workouts include aerobic exercise for a healthy cardiovascular system strength training to maintain muscle tone and bone density core strength exercise for a stable mid-section and stretching to maintain mobility.;Samantha Stosur;strength
Tennis takes care of everything. It requires agility and quickness to get to the ball, core strength to get power into your shorts and stamina to last for an entire match. In addition to toning your arms and shoulders, it's a total body workout for your legs and abs, and works your heart and core unlike any other sport.;Samantha Stosur;strength
Core strength and stability is very important to me. Tennis is all about rotation of the body and my ability to create power. I incorporate a lot of abdominal, back and glute exercises into my gym sessions.;Samantha Stosur;strength
Flexibility is crucial to my fitness. Incorporating a good warm-up and cool-down into every session decreases my chances of injury. I use both dynamic and static stretching in my training. I've starting doing a few yoga sessions which incorporates muscle strength and flexibility.;Samantha Stosur;strength
I think leaders are incapable of the strength that passive resistance entails.;Meshell Ndegeocello;strength
My dad's a bodybuilder. My whole life I've been taught to train the hard way. I believe in earning strength, not buying it. My grandfather raised me old school: In baseball, you work for whatever you get.;Gary Sheffield;strength
Wisdom we know is the knowledge of good and evil, not the strength to choose between the two.;John Cheever;strength
Both now and for always, I intend to hold fast to my belief in the hidden strength of the human spirit.;Andrei Sakharov;strength
Instead, I think over the years we have cut the strength of marriage and relationships by the law and weakened the institution. We have tried to deal with relationships with no-fault divorce, with child custody, with so many other avenues and it has not helped.;Timothy Murphy;strength
The Chinese government is quickly losing its ideological legitimacy, maintain its rule with force, but cannot draw strength from the ideology of Marx and Mao.;Steve Forbes;strength
If you make the unconditional commitment to reach your most important goals, if the strength of your decision is sufficient, you will find the way and the power to achieve your goals.;Robert Conklin;strength
Now, being a girl, I was ashamed of my body and my lack of strength. So I tried to be a man. I shot, rode, jumped, and took part in all the fights of the boys.;Agnes Smedley;strength
My mom was a source of strength.She showed me by example that women, regardless of how difficult life may get, can do it all.;Gloria Estefan;strength
Running gave me a focus to start looking after myself, to eat properly, and focus on building up my strength.;Amanda Burton;strength
