You know, I think, I think the Palestinians are trying to get away without negotiating. They're trying to get a state to continue the conflict with Israel rather than to end it. They're trying to basically detour around peace negotiations by going to the U.N. and have the automatic majority in the U.N. General Assembly give them, give them a state.;Benjamin Netanyahu;peace
I say that to my colleagues, by the way, in the internal Cabinet meetings, I say, 'Look, I want to be very clear about what I want.' I just - I don't want a peace process, I want a peace result.;Benjamin Netanyahu;peace
You can only end a negotiation for peace if you begin it.;Benjamin Netanyahu;peace
Most of the approaches to peace between Israel and the Palestinians, have been directed at trying to resolve the most complex problems, like refugees and Jerusalem, which is akin to building the pyramid from the top down.;Benjamin Netanyahu;peace
Peace goes into the making of a poem as flour goes into the making of bread.;Pablo Neruda;peace
I believe that peace with the Palestinians is most urgent - urgent than ever before. It is necessary. It is crucial. It is possible. A delay may worsen its chances. Israel and the Palestinians are, in my judgment, ripe today to restart the peace process.;Shimon Peres;peace
In Switzerland they had brotherly love, five hundred years of democracy and peace, and what did they produce? The cuckoo clock!;Graham Greene;peace
You don't kill your way to peace.;Imran Khan;peace
Any one who wants to live in peace and freedom will be to live by toil, demonstration of high levels of discipline and tolerance for one another.;Yahya Jammeh;peace
It is better we disintegrate in peace and not in pieces.;Nnamdi Azikiwe;peace
But only art and music have the power to bring peace.;Yoko Ono;peace
That a man be willing, when others are so too, as far forth as for peace and defense of himself he shall think it necessary, to lay down this right to all things and be contented with so much liberty against other men, as he would allow other men against himself.;Thomas Hobbes;peace
Unfortunately the world is what it is now. People don't get along for whatever reason. As professional athletes, in a way we're almost ambassadors for peace, because sports brings everyone together.;Venus Williams;peace
I started getting these attacks in 2009, just as my music career was taking off. I'd be doing photo-shoots and started to feel like I was having heart attacks. Increasingly I found it difficult to step outside my flat. Things started to get better after I saw a therapist, who told me I needed to make peace with my panic attacks.;Ellie Goulding;peace
I was much distressed by next door people who had twin babies and played the violin but one of the twins died, and the other has eaten the fiddle, so all is peace.;Edward Lear;peace
It's not so much about killing an animal, it's being at peace and you don't have to worry about all the other things that go on. That's a couple of hours a week that you get to escape but it's nice to do that.;Brett Favre;peace
I value peace when it is not bought at the price of fundamental decencies.;Elia Kazan;peace
I was always at peace because of the way my mom treated me.;Martina Hingis;peace
I've always had questions about what it meant to be a protester, to be in the minority. Are the people who are trying to find peace, who are trying to have the Constitution apply to everybody, are they really the radicals? We're not protesting from the outside. We're inside.;Gil Scott-Heron;peace
To sit with a dog on a hillside on a glorious afternoon is to be back in Eden, where doing nothing was not boring - it was peace.;Milan Kundera;peace
Bob Marley performed the 'One Love Peace' concert in Jamaica with the two different warring political sides. There's always been that in black music and culture in general. It's no surprise because black music is such a reflection of what's going on in black life. It's not unusual for hip-hop.;Mos Def;peace
We will not have peace by afterthought.;Norman Cousins;peace
The people of Israel are entitled, as is any other nation, to live in peace and safety.;Jonathan Sacks;peace
The aggressive, unprovoked acts of violence against Israel by Hezbollah and Hamas are revealing. It is clear they don't want peace, but rather seek the ultimate destruction of Israel.;John Boehner;peace
Religion brings to man an inner strength, spiritual light, and ineffable peace.;Alexis Carrel;peace
Everyone has that friend who's every day, like, 'I hate my nose, I hate my nose, I hate my nose.' You either need to come to peace with it and be like, alright, I hate it, but it's part of me - or change it. So I'm not against plastic surgery, I'm against plastic surgery when it doesn't really need to be done.;Lauren Conrad;peace
This is the way of peace: Overcome evil with good, falsehood with truth, and hatred with love.;Peace Pilgrim;peace
The way of peace is the way of love. Love is the greatest power on earth. It conquers all things.;Peace Pilgrim;peace
I am grateful for the opportunities I have been given to participate in that work as a representative of my country, Canada, whose people have, I think, shown their devotion to peace.;Lester B. Pearson;peace
The grim fact is that we prepare for war like precocious giants, and for peace like retarded pygmies.;Lester B. Pearson;peace
The Dalai Lama. He is a very wise man of great inner peace who believes that happiness is the purpose of our lives. Through his teachings and leadership, he continues to make this world a better place in which to live.;Sidney Sheldon;peace
My heritage has been my grounding, and it has brought me peace.;Maureen O'Hara;peace
It's easy to sit in relative luxury and peace and pontificate on the subject of the Third World debts.;Roger Moore;peace
I'm not one to sit and wallow - I would rather figure out a way around so I can move past it and be at peace with things. I don't like bad feelings gnawing away at me.;Sarah McLachlan;peace
It's quite a famous story that takes place on Christmas Eve, and the Germans, French, and Scottish are trying to make peace one night and they bury their dead and they play football. I play a German opera singer, in German, which I never have so I am really excited about that.;Diane Kruger;peace
He will easily be content and at peace, whose conscience is pure.;Thomas a Kempis;peace
Oh, how great peace and quietness would he possess who should cut off all vain anxiety and place all his confidence in God.;Thomas a Kempis;peace
Civil strife is as much a greater evil than a concerted war effort as war itself is worse than peace.;Herodotus;peace
All of us deserve a greater peace of mind, knowing that our children are better protected wherever they are.;Bob Ney;peace
Mankind will never win lasting peace so long as men use their full resources only in tasks of war. While we are yet at peace, let us mobilize the potentialities, particularly the moral and spiritual potentialities, which we usually reserve for war.;John Foster Dulles;peace
Take away the violence and who will hear the men of peace?;Lorraine Hansberry;peace
War is not the only arena where peace is done to death.;Aung San Suu Kyi;peace
The Nobel Peace Prize opened up a door in my heart.;Aung San Suu Kyi;peace
My opinion is the greatest reward that any government could get is the approval of the people. If the people are happy and the people are at peace and the government has done something for them, that's the greatest reward I think any government could hope for.;Aung San Suu Kyi;peace
Today, we have two Vietnams, side by side, North and South, exchanging and working. We may not agree with all that North Vietnam is doing, but they are living in peace. I would look for a better human rights record for North Vietnam, but they are living side by side.;Sheila Jackson Lee;peace
Men and women who know the brutal reality of war, who know that war strips people of their very humanity, must unite in a new global partnership for peace.;Daisaku Ikeda;peace
What if I couldn't handle people's opinions of me? I know that shouldn't dictate a person's degree of peace or happiness in life, but the problem is, I chose a business saturated in judgment.;Chris Evans;peace
It has been, after all, 11 years, more than a decade now, of defiance of U.N. resolutions by Saddam Hussein. Every obligation that he signed onto after the Gulf War, so that he would not be a threat to peace and security, he has ignored and flaunted.;Condoleezza Rice;peace
To awake from death is to die in peace.;Douglas Horton;peace
I want peace. I want to see if somewhere there isn't something left in life of charm and grace.;Margaret Mitchell;peace
I know that if the peace movement takes its message boldly to the Negro people a powerful force can be secured in pursuit of the greatest goal of all mankind. And the same is true of labor and the great democratic sections of our population.;Paul Robeson;peace
To solve the problem of organizing world peace we must establish world law and order.;Arthur Henderson;peace
Let him who desires peace prepare for war.;Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus;peace
Most fear stems from sin to limit one's sins, one must assuredly limit one's fear, thereby bringing more peace to one's spirit.;Marvin Gaye;peace
Prime Minister Sharon, Prime Minister Abbas, I urge you today to end the designs of those who seek destruction, annihilation and occupation, and I urge you to have the will and the courage to begin to realize our dreams of peace, prosperity and coexistence.;King Abdullah II;peace
We have peace with Israel. We're actually the last man standing. So there is going to be immense pressure and people asking, 'Why are we having this relationship when it's not benefiting anybody?' Obviously, my answer is you always benefit from peace.;King Abdullah II;peace
Peace with Israel is a strategic imperative for Jordan.;King Abdullah II;peace
I don't think there's anything more important than making peace before it's too late. And it almost always falls to the child to try to move toward the parent.;Jane Fonda;peace
Civilization is a failure. We need to think what we can do together in love and peace.;Serj Tankian;peace
The government I led gave ordinary people peace, security, dignity, and opportunity to progress.;Benazir Bhutto;peace
You have to do something in your life that is honorable and not cowardly if you are to live in peace with yourself, and for the firefighter it is fire.;Larry Brown;peace
That was my first lesson from Ben-Gurion. Then I saw him making peace, and I saw him making war. He mobilized me before the war. The man was a very rare combination between a real intellectual and a born leader. There is a contradiction between the two.;Shimon Peres;peace
Peace with the Palestinians will open ports of peace all around the Mediterranean. The duty of leaders is to pursue freedom ceaselessly, even in the face of hostility, in the face of doubt and disappointment. Just imagine what could be.;Shimon Peres;peace
The Iranian regime suppresses its own people as well as others in the region. It prevents peace by sponsoring terror globally. With the ultimate weapon that it is deceptively developing, the regime aims to gain hegemony over the entire Middle East and hold the world's economy hostage.;Shimon Peres;peace
Israel welcomes the wind of change, and sees a window of opportunity. Democratic and science-based economies by nature desire peace. Israel does not want to be an island of affluence in an ocean of poverty. Improvements in our neighbours' lives mean improvements to the neighbourhood in which we live.;Shimon Peres;peace
When I am speaking about American presidents, I have to speak about my very special relations with President Clinton. He contributed more to peace than anybody else in the American sense.;Shimon Peres;peace
If you remember you just have one constituent, and that's God himself, and if you try to please him I think you usually come with a lot steadier pace and a lot more peace in your life.;Jim DeMint;peace
I feel that my father's greatest legacy was the people he inspired to get involved in public service and their communities, to join the Peace Corps, to go into space. And really that generation transformed this country in civil rights, social justice, the economy and everything.;Caroline Kennedy;peace
Now for my own case, I bless the Lord that, for all that hath been said of me, my conscience doth not condemn me. I do not say I am free of sin, but I am at peace with God through a slain Mediator and I believe that there is no salvation but only in Christ.;Donald Cargill;peace
In my mind the city of Ariel is a thorn in Israel's side and a serious obstacle to peace.;Theodore Bikel;peace
Care less for your harvest than for how it is shared and your life will have meaning and your heart will have peace.;Kent Nerburn;peace
Before, for me, peace could have been synonymous with boredom.;Isabelle Adjani;peace
The greatest problem all around the world today, whether in America, Japan, China Russia, India or anywhere else in the world, is that people are not in peace. People want peace.;Prem Rawat;peace
Smiling is very important. If we are not able to smile, then the world will not have peace. It is not by going out for a demonstration against nuclear missiles that we can bring about peace. It is with our capacity of smiling, breathing, and being peace that we can make peace.;Nhat Hanh;peace
I'm at a point in my life where I have something solid now. I'm a peaceful person, and I want to be surrounded by peace no matter what I'm doing.;Cheryl James;peace
The future of Indo-Pak cricket will depend on how the peace process goes.;Imran Khan;peace
I attach the greatest importance to an amplification of the peace efforts in the Middle East. I would also like to see a greater dialogue between the U.S. and the EU.;Francois Hollande;peace
The United Nations will be at the heart of our international activities. France will assume its full responsibilities at the Security Council by putting its status at the service of peace, respect for human rights and development.;Francois Hollande;peace
Israel can't make peace without the clear support of the United States.;Alan Dershowitz;peace
I am deeply concerned that, without peace and a two-state solution, the Jewish and democratic nature of Israel is in danger. That's why I have opposed Israel's settlement policy since 1973, and that's why I have favored a two-state solution since 1967.;Alan Dershowitz;peace
I am a peace supporting Jew.;Alan Dershowitz;peace
Not just Christians and Jews, but also Muslims, Buddhists, Hindus and the followers of many other religions believe in values like peace, respect, tolerance and dignity. These are values that bring people together and enable us to build responsible and solid communities.;Alcee Hastings;peace
We know more about war than we know about peace, more about killing than we know about living.;Omar N. Bradley;peace
The more bombers, the less room for doves of peace.;Nikita Khrushchev;peace
In a multi-racial society, trust, understanding and tolerance are the cornerstones of peace and order.;Kamisese Mara;peace
Perhaps we don't need these religious concoctions to pillow the fear of death. Just the fact that there is an unknown, and something greater, can bring a feeling of peace. That's enough for me.;Brad Pitt;peace
Deregulation created this epidemic of greed which according to the rules of capitalism was OK. Beyond that there was criminal behaviour. There have been no repercussions and it's hard to make your peace with.;Brad Pitt;peace
Even though now I'm pretty popular in my country and tennis is the No. 1 sport, and I'm very flattered that the people recognise me and come up and give me compliments, I'm more a person who likes to have privacy and peace.;Novak Djokovic;peace
Imagine the peace symbol. The peace symbol has three pieces in it. One piece is emotion, that's your body. Another piece has spirit in it, that's your fuel. Another piece has intellect in it and that's your steering wheel. You can never overdo the fuel that goes into the body, which is the emotions and the steering wheel to drive it.;Gary Busey;peace
It's well known I'm a Scientologist, and that has helped me to find that inner peace in my life and it's something that has given me great stability and tools that I use.;Tom Cruise;peace
When I look back on my childhood, I think of that short time in Beirut. I know that seeing the city collapse around me forced me to grasp something many people miss: the fragility of peace.;Greg Kinnear;peace
Here is my prescription to heal all wounds. Watch the film 'Funny Girl' at least five times, eat at least 45 chocolate bars, and hang out with all those friends you blew off to hang out with your ex. I truly believe that, through a combination of Nutella, old pals and Barbra Streisand, we can achieve happiness and, very probably, world peace.;Beth Ditto;peace
I have traveled a long road from the battlefield to the peace table.;Moshe Dayan;peace
Music has the power to make me feel good like nothing else does. It gives me some peace for a while. Takes me back to who I really am.;Gil Scott-Heron;peace
I believe it is peace in our time.;Neville Chamberlain;peace
I hope for peace and sanity - it's the same thing.;Studs Terkel;peace
Peace is a natural effect of trade.;Charles de Montesquieu;peace
When you find peace within yourself, you become the kind of person who can live at peace with others.;Peace Pilgrim;peace
After all, I long to be in America again, nay, if I can go home to return no more to Europe, it seems to me that I shall ever enjoy more peace of mind, and even Physical comfort than I can meet with in any portion of the world beside.;John James Audubon;peace
