There can be no greater error than to expect, or calculate, upon real favors from nation to nation. It is an illusion which experience must cure, which a just pride ought to discard.;George Washington;experience
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in the experience.;Elbert Hubbard;experience
And so you touch this limit, something happens and you suddenly can go a little bit further. With your mind power, your determination, your instinct, and the experience as well, you can fly very high.;Ayrton Senna;experience
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.;e. e. cummings;experience
Is there anyone so wise as to learn by the experience of others?;Voltaire;experience
Our DNA is as a consumer company - for that individual customer who's voting thumbs up or thumbs down. That's who we think about. And we think that our job is to take responsibility for the complete user experience. And if it's not up to par, it's our fault, plain and simply.;Steve Jobs;experience
Sleep - the most beautiful experience in life - except drink.;W. C. Fields;experience
The joy of life consists in the exercise of one's energies, continual growth, constant change, the enjoyment of every new experience. To stop means simply to die. The eternal mistake of mankind is to set up an attainable ideal.;Aleister Crowley;experience
I have found little that is 'good' about human beings on the whole. In my experience most of them are trash, no matter whether they publicly subscribe to this or that ethical doctrine or to none at all. That is something that you cannot say aloud, or perhaps even think.;Sigmund Freud;experience
I don't think I've ever worked so hard on something, but working on Macintosh was the neatest experience of my life. Almost everyone who worked on it will say that. None of us wanted to release it at the end. It was as though we knew that once it was out of our hands, it wouldn't be ours anymore.;Steve Jobs;experience
Take control of your consistent emotions and begin to consciously and deliberately reshape your daily experience of life.;Tony Robbins;experience
Enlightened leadership is spiritual if we understand spirituality not as some kind of religious dogma or ideology but as the domain of awareness where we experience values like truth, goodness, beauty, love and compassion, and also intuition, creativity, insight and focused attention.;Deepak Chopra;experience
One of the greatest moments in anybody's developing experience is when he no longer tries to hide from himself but determines to get acquainted with himself as he really is.;Norman Vincent Peale;experience
You learn from a conglomeration of the incredible past - whatever experience gotten in any way whatsoever.;Bob Dylan;experience
Gratitude bestows reverence, allowing us to encounter everyday epiphanies, those transcendent moments of awe that change forever how we experience life and the world.;John Milton;experience
The only real security that a man can have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience and ability.;Henry Ford;experience
You have people come into your life shockingly and surprisingly. You have losses that you never thought you'd experience. You have rejection and you have learn how to deal with that and how to get up the next day and go on with it.;Taylor Swift;experience
I'd rather have a lot of talent and a little experience than a lot of experience and a little talent.;John Wooden;experience
All growth is a leap in the dark, a spontaneous unpremeditated act without benefit of experience.;Henry Miller;experience
The best scientist is open to experience and begins with romance - the idea that anything is possible.;Ray Bradbury;experience
DOS is ugly and interferes with users' experience.;Bill Gates;experience
Freedom. Freedom of religion. Freedom to speak their mind. Freedom to build a life. And yes, freedom to build a business. With their own hands. This is the essence of the American experience.;Mitt Romney;experience
Lying in bed would be an altogether perfect and supreme experience if only one had a colored pencil long enough to draw on the ceiling.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;experience
Death is not an event in life: we do not live to experience death. If we take eternity to mean not infinite temporal duration but timelessness, then eternal life belongs to those who live in the present.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;experience
It's an interesting combination: Having a great fear of being alone, and having a desperate need for solitude and the solitary experience. That's always been a tug of war for me.;Jodie Foster;experience
It's good to experience Hollywood in short bursts, I guess. Little snippets. I don't think I can handle being here all the time, it's pretty nutty.;Johnny Depp;experience
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.;Calvin Coolidge;experience
The historical experience of socialist countries has sadly demonstrated that collectivism does not do away with alienation but rather increases it, adding to it a lack of basic necessities and economic inefficiency.;Pope John Paul II;experience
Love is an emotion that is based on an opinion of women that is impossible for those who have had any experience with them.;H. L. Mencken;experience
Women always excel men in that sort of wisdom which comes from experience. To be a woman is in itself a terrible experience.;H. L. Mencken;experience
Ages of experience have taught humanity that the commitment of a husband and wife to love and to serve one another promotes the welfare of children and the stability of society.;Jack Kingston;experience
Surely all art is the result of one's having been in danger, of having gone through an experience all the way to the end, where no one can go any further.;Rainer Maria Rilke;experience
Every experience is a paradox in that it means to be absolute, and yet is relative in that it somehow always goes beyond itself and yet never escapes itself.;T. S. Eliot;experience
If you wish to succeed in life, make perseverance your bosom friend, experience your wise counselor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.;Joseph Addison;experience
Although nature commences with reason and ends in experience it is necessary for us to do the opposite, that is to commence with experience and from this to proceed to investigate the reason.;Leonardo da Vinci;experience
I know it's an experience that I need to have if God's putting me through it.;Lil Wayne;experience
In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first the cash will come later.;Harold S. Geneen;experience
If merely 'feeling good' could decide, drunkenness would be the supremely valid human experience.;William James;experience
You are not a human being in search of a spiritual experience. You are a spiritual being immersed in a human experience.;Pierre Teilhard de Chardin;experience
How is it possible that a being with such sensitive jewels as the eyes, such enchanted musical instruments as the ears, and such fabulous arabesque of nerves as the brain can experience itself anything less than a god.;Alan Watts;experience
If you want to run, run a mile. If you want to experience a different life, run a marathon.;Emil Zatopek;experience
Each morning when I awake, I experience again a supreme pleasure - that of being Salvador Dali.;Salvador Dali;experience
Travel, in the younger sort, is a part of education in the elder, a part of experience.;Francis Bacon;experience
The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.;Emily Dickinson;experience
'Pure experience' is the name I gave to the immediate flux of life which furnishes the material to our later reflection with its conceptual categories.;William James;experience
I've always enjoyed traveling and having experience with different cultures and different people. But it's also a wonderful thing to be able to benefit and enable research, not only in our country but around the world.;Laurel Clark;experience
Experience praises the most happy the one who made the most people happy.;Karl Marx;experience
From their experience or from the recorded experience of others (history), men learn only what their passions and their metaphysical prejudices allow them to learn.;Aldous Huxley;experience
I think it's been hard for people to understand how Islam can be a good religion, and yet the Islamists are evil. Those of us who have had experience with Islam understand this, just as we understand the difference between snake handlers and people going to church on Sunday morning.;P. J. O'Rourke;experience
Going out and playing football or baseball with the boys, when I was a tomboy, was a great way to learn about winning and losing, and most girls didn't have that experience.;Hillary Clinton;experience
When people speak to you about a preventive war, you tell them to go and fight it. After my experience, I have come to hate war.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;experience
We deem those happy who from the experience of life have learnt to bear its ills without being overcome by them.;Carl Jung;experience
The essence of life is finding something you really love and then making the daily experience worthwhile.;Denis Waitley;experience
Taste every fruit of every tree in the garden at least once. It is an insult to creation not to experience it fully. Temperance is wickedness.;Stephen Fry;experience
In a person who is open to experience each stimulus is freely relayed through the nervous system, without being distorted by any process of defensiveness.;Carl Rogers;experience
Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name.;Milton Berle;experience
Mistakes are painful when they happen, but years later a collection of mistakes is what is called experience.;Denis Waitley;experience
I'm not a genius. I'm just a tremendous bundle of experience.;R. Buckminster Fuller;experience
I know from personal experience how damaging it can be to live with bitterness and unforgiveness. I like to say it's like taking poison and hoping your enemy will die. And it really is that harmful to us to live this way.;Joyce Meyer;experience
I experience a period of frightening clarity in those moments when nature is so beautiful. I am no longer sure of myself, and the paintings appear as in a dream.;Vincent Van Gogh;experience
My own experience is use the tools that are out there. Use the digital world. But never lose sight of the need to reach out and talk to other people who don't share your view. Listen to them and see if you can find a way to compromise.;Colin Powell;experience
My mind withdrew its thoughts from experience, extracting itself from the contradictory throng of sensuous images, that it might find out what that light was wherein it was bathed... And thus, with the flash of one hurried glance, it attained to the vision of That Which Is.;Saint Augustine;experience
Screaming at children over their grades, especially to the point of the child's tears, is child abuse, pure and simple. It's not funny and it's not good parenting. It is a crushing, scarring, disastrous experience for the child. It isn't the least bit funny.;Ben Stein;experience
Experience does not err. Only your judgments err by expecting from her what is not in her power.;Leonardo da Vinci;experience
Follow that will and that way which experience confirms to be your own.;Carl Jung;experience
Every secret of a writer's soul, every experience of his life, every quality of his mind is written large in his works.;Virginia Woolf;experience
The act of birth is the first experience of anxiety, and thus the source and prototype of the affect of anxiety.;Sigmund Freud;experience
In the revolt against idealism, the ambiguities of the word experience have been perceived, with the result that realists have more and more avoided the word.;Bertrand Russell;experience
The deepest experience of the creator is feminine, for it is experience of receiving and bearing.;Rainer Maria Rilke;experience
Experience is a revelation in the light of which we renounce our errors of youth for those of age.;Ambrose Bierce;experience
Life has a certain flavor for those who have fought and risked all that the sheltered and protected can never experience.;John Stuart Mill;experience
The only thing we have learnt from experience is that we learn nothing from experience.;Chinua Achebe;experience
I like to think of my behavior in the sixties as a 'learning experience.' Then again, I like to think of anything stupid I've done as a 'learning experience.' It makes me feel less stupid.;P. J. O'Rourke;experience
Just as the wave cannot exist for itself, but is ever a part of the heaving surface of the ocean, so must I never live my life for itself, but always in the experience which is going on around me.;Albert Schweitzer;experience
Enthusiasm - a distemper of youth, curable by small doses of repentance in connection with outward applications of experience.;Ambrose Bierce;experience
The wisdom of the wise and the experience of the ages are perpetuated by quotations.;Benjamin Disraeli;experience
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterward.;Vernon Law;experience
Two things control men's nature, instinct and experience.;Blaise Pascal;experience
Experience has shown how deeply the seeds of war are planted by economic rivalry and social injustice.;Harry S. Truman;experience
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.;Ansel Adams;experience
Experience which was once claimed by the aged is now claimed exclusively by the young.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;experience
Never become so much of an expert that you stop gaining expertise. View life as a continuous learning experience.;Denis Waitley;experience
We come altogether fresh and raw into the several stages of life, and often find ourselves without experience, despite our years.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;experience
If you want to know the taste of a pear, you must change the pear by eating it yourself. If you want to know the theory and methods of revolution, you must take part in revolution. All genuine knowledge originates in direct experience.;Mao Zedong;experience
I didn't fully realize it at the time, but the goal of my life was profoundly molded by this experience - to help produce, in the next generation, more Mother Teresas and less Hitlers.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;experience
I've learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our dispositions and not on our circumstances.;Martha Washington;experience
I just go where my heart tells me, where my gut tells me to go, where I'm enjoying my life the most, where I feel like I can have the most success. I've truly enjoyed my experience in NASCAR, to the point that I want to do it full time.;Danica Patrick;experience
The great awareness comes slowly, piece by piece. The path of spiritual growth is a path of lifelong learning. The experience of spiritual power is basically a joyful one.;M. Scott Peck;experience
I've learned from experience that if you work harder at it, and apply more energy and time to it, and more consistency, you get a better result. It comes from the work.;Louis C. K.;experience
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.;Woody Allen;experience
And to get real work experience, you need a job, and most jobs will require you to have had either real work experience or a graduate degree.;Donald Norman;experience
When you make a commitment to a relationship, you invest your attention and energy in it more profoundly because you now experience ownership of that relationship.;Barbara de Angelis;experience
What is the price of experience? Do men buy it for a song? Or wisdom for a dance in the street? No, it is bought with the price of all the man hath, his house, his wife, his children.;William Blake;experience
In times of rapid change, experience could be your worst enemy.;J. Paul Getty;experience
A few years' experience will convince us that those things which at the time they happened we regarded as our greatest misfortunes have proved our greatest blessings.;George Mason;experience
In order to experience everyday spirituality, we need to remember that we are spiritual beings spending some time in a human body.;Barbara de Angelis;experience
But human experience is usually paradoxical, that means incongruous with the phrases of current talk or even current philosophy.;George Eliot;experience
Is it not rather what we expect in men, that they should have numerous strands of experience lying side by side and never compare them with each other?;George Eliot;experience
In spite of his practical ability, some of his experience had petrified into maxims and quotations.;George Eliot;experience
