His lordship may compel us to be equal upstairs, but there will never be equality in the servants' hall.;J. M. Barrie;equality
Any serious shift towards more sustainable societies has to include gender equality.;Helen Clark;equality
I do not want to be the angel of any home: I want for myself what I want for other women, absolute equality. After that is secured, then men and women can take turns being angels.;Agnes Macphail;equality
Where terrorists offer injustice, disorder and destruction, the United States and its allies stand for freedom, fairness, equality, hope, and opportunity.;John O. Brennan;equality
In a state therefore of great equality and virtue, where pure and simple manners prevailed, the increase of the human species would evidently be much greater than any increase that has been hitherto known.;Thomas Malthus;equality
Feudal societies don't create great cinema we have great theatre. The egalitarian societies create great cinema. The Americans, the French. Because equality is sort of what the cinema deals with. It deals with stories which don't fall into 'Everybody in their place and who's who,' and all that. But the theatre's full of that.;Brian Cox;equality
There's a remarkable amount of sexism on TV. When male characters are flawed, they're interesting, deep and complex. But when female characters are flawed, they're just a mess. It's good to put more flawed but interesting female characters out there because it promotes equality.;Ellen Pompeo;equality
'Vote Love' means vote equality. It means vote change. It means vote what's right for humanity.;Macklemore;equality
We will have bigger bureaucracies, bigger labor unions, and bigger state-run corporations. It will be harder to be an entrepreneur because of punitive taxes and regulations. The rewards of success will be expropriated for the sake of attaining greater income equality.;Arthur C. Brooks;equality
It will appear evident upon attentive consideration that equality of intellectual and physical advantages is the only sure foundation of liberty, and that such equality may best, and perhaps only, be obtained by a union of interests and cooperation in labor.;Francis Wright;equality
When I look at my daughter, who's 24, she is much more confident than I ever was and her expectations are higher. But I worry that there is a backlash brewing against progress on equality.;Frances O'Grady;equality
Do people really want liberty, equality, fraternity? Is it not some manner of speaking?;Krzysztof Kieslowski;equality
On the one hand we publicly pronounce the equality of all peoples on the other hand, in our immigration laws, we embrace in practice these very theories we abhor and verbally condemn.;Emanuel Celler;equality
In choosing global corporate partners UNICEF emphasises compatibility with our core values and looks to build alliances that advance our mission of ensuring the health, education, equality and protection for all the world's children.;Carol Bellamy;equality
The American economic, political, and social organization has given to its citizens the benefits of material prosperity, political liberty, and a wholesome natural equality and this achievement is a gain, not only to Americans, but to the world and to civilization.;Herbert Croly;equality
Free trade is very important if we respect equality among nations.;Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva;equality
Effective use of Braille is as important to the blind as independent mobility, knowledge in the use of adaptive technology, and the core belief that equality, opportunity and security are truly possible for all people who are blind.;Bob Ney;equality
In the kingdom of consumption the citizen is king. A democratic monarchy: equality before consumption, fraternity in consumption, and freedom through consumption.;Raoul Vaneigem;equality
The work that must be done for each woman to reconnect with her psyche and to give herself a chance to live her own life is essentially the same. The realization of the equality of all races, the equality of all beings is essential.;Betty Buckley;equality
Propelled by freedom of faith, gender equality and economic justice for all, India will become a modern nation. Minor blemishes cannot cloak the fact that India is becoming such a modern nation: no faith is in danger in our country, and the continuing commitment to gender equality is one of the great narratives of our times.;Pranab Mukherjee;equality
I would point out that Japan's proposal at the Versailles Peace Conference on the principle of racial equality was rejected by delegates such as those from Britain and the United States.;Hideki Tojo;equality
Such security is equal liberty. But it is not necessarily equality in the use of the earth.;Benjamin Tucker;equality
A resilient people cherishing liberty and equality and the rule of law will endure.;Nick Rahall;equality
America, 5 years after this brutal attack, is testament that a Nation conceived in liberty and equality will endure. It is a triumph of millions of Americans but it is also the triumph of an idea larger than any one person, larger than any one nation.;Nick Rahall;equality
The mandate I have received and for which I will speak with heart and head to implement over the next seven years had its four pillars - an inclusive citizenship, equality and participation and respect in a creative society creating an excellence in everything we Irish do.;Michael D. Higgins;equality
The history of the past is but one long struggle upward to equality.;Elizabeth Cady Stanton;equality
In a society in which equality is a fact, not merely a word, words of racial or sexual assault and humiliation will be nonsense syllables.;Catharine MacKinnon;equality
The basis, the corner-stone of this Government, was the perfect equality of the free, sovereign, and independent States which made it.;Robert Toombs;equality
Give us equality of enjoyment, equal right to expansion - it is as necessary to our prosperity as yours.;Robert Toombs;equality
The March on Washington affirmed our values as a people: equality and opportunity for all. Forty-one years ago, during a time of segregation, these were an ideal.;Leonard Boswell;equality
Well, my personal mission statement is that we want marriage equality in all 50 states. We want it not to be a state-by-state issue. We don't want it to be something the majority is voting on. I don't think the civil rights of any minority should be in the hands of any majority.;Jesse Tyler Ferguson;equality
As an actor, you just want to work, and then you just want to be on a show or have a job that you love, and you hope that job will last - those things have happened. To have that platform to then talk about something that is very personal to me like marriage equality, it feels like a gift. I try and really respect that voice and not abuse it.;Jesse Tyler Ferguson;equality
And think of how we challenged the idea of a male dominated Parliament with All-Women shortlists and made the cause of gender equality central to our government. We were right to do so.;Ed Miliband;equality
Scotland is my country, the nation that shaped me, that taught me my values. A nation whose achievements inspired and inspire me, a community whose failings drive me - drive my overwhelming desire to fight for social justice and equality.;Johann Lamont;equality
There needs to be radical development in equality law to create the environment to allow women to stay in work.;Ken Livingstone;equality
As a partner in a firm full of women who work outside of the home as well as stay at home mothers, all with plenty of children, gender equality is not a talking point for me. It is an issue I live every day.;Hilary Rosen;equality
I said on the equality side of it, that it is essential to a woman's equality with man that she be the decision-maker, that her choice be controlling.;Ruth Bader Ginsburg;equality
Earlier feminists were almost universally pro-choice and have dominated political debate until now. Having access to abortion was viewed as the only way women could have full equality with men, who, until recently, couldn't get pregnant.;Kathleen Parker;equality
A formally recognized equality does, however, accord the smaller nations a position which they should be able to use increasingly in the interest of humanity as a whole and in the service of the ideal.;Hjalmar Branting;equality
The equality among all members of the League, which is provided in the statutes giving each state only one vote, cannot of course abolish the actual material inequality of the powers concerned.;Hjalmar Branting;equality
It wouldn't be fair to say that conservatives cherish property the way liberals cherish equality. But it would be fair to say that the takings clause is the conservatives' recipe for judicial activism just as they say liberals have misused the equal protection clause.;Michael Kinsley;equality
We are also further than ever from equality of opportunity.;Ferdinand Mount;equality
Equality of rights means that some people cannot simply impose obligations on others, for the moral agency and rights of those others would then be violated.;Tom G. Palmer;equality
As a result of America's efforts to realize the ideals of equality and freedom, blacks in America are now the freest and richest black people anywhere on the face of the earth including all of the nations that are ruled by blacks.;David Horowitz;equality
Women have talent and intelligence but, due to social constraints and prejudices, it is still a long distance away from the goal of gender equality.;Pratibha Patil;equality
I think men are allowed to be fat and bald and ugly and women aren't. And it's just not - there is no equality there.;Connie Chung;equality
Everybody thinks that equality comes from identifying people, and that's not where equality comes from.;Matt Bomer;equality
You got to fight for quality art and equality and all the things that we're fighting for, the things we believe in. Choice and preference and all those things that we support. We don't want to give up that fight. You got to keep doing it.;Christopher Cross;equality
I joined the Labour party because I believed in equality, in freedom of speech and in tolerance, compassion and understanding for people, irrespective of their background and views. In whatever I decide to do in the future I will hold to those principles.;Geoff Hoon;equality
Obviously, my life and my job in 2010 is very different from Peggy's experience in the 1960s. I exist in a world that enjoys more equality between men and women. But I don't take any of that into my performance. I just want to play the character as who she is as an individual - scene to scene.;Elizabeth Moss;equality
Martin Luther King, Jr. didn't carry just a piece of cloth to symbolize his belief in racial equality he carried the American flag.;Adrian Cronauer;equality
At a time when efforts are being made to eradicate discrimination between the sexes in the search for social equality and justice, the differences between the sexes are being rediscovered.;Carol Gilligan;equality
Martin Luther King, Jr. Day is a time to honor the greatest champion of racial equality who taught a nation - through compassion and courage - about democracy, nonviolence and racial justice.;Mark Pryor;equality
The right to a quality education is, I believe, the perfect path to bridge the gap between different cultures and to reconcile various civilizations. Without such a right, the values of liberty, justice and equality will have no meaning. Ignorance is by far the biggest danger and threat to humankind.;Mozah bint Nasser Al Missned;equality
Now they have come to the place where their faith can no longer feed on the bread of repression and violence. They ask for the bread of liberty, of public equality, and public responsibility. It must not be denied them.;Mordecai Wyatt Johnson;equality
The goal of the EU is to form a region of freedom, security and justice. Freedom in this connection cannot be just the freedom of the strong, but it must be combined with fraternity and equality.;Tarja Halonen;equality
Family law is institutionally anti-male. I've been lobbying MPs, and I'm not going to give up campaigning for equality until I get equality.;Louis de Bernieres;equality
The only way to ensure equality for women is to clearly declare it in our Constitution.;Carolyn Maloney;equality
What is being called the UN 'gender architecture' is more like a shack. Women need a bigger global house if equality is ever to become a reality.;Charlotte Bunch;equality
I will feel equality has arrived when we can elect to office women who are as incompetent as some of the men who are already there.;Maureen Reagan;equality
The Internet is the hope of an integrated world without frontiers, a common world without controlling owners, a world of opportunities and equality. This is a utopia that we have been dreaming about and is a world in which each and every one of us are protagonists of a destiny that we have in our hands.;Laura Chinchilla;equality
Think of submitting our measure to the advice of politicians! I would as soon submit the subject of the equality of a goose to a fox.;Anna Howard Shaw;equality
On the road to equality there is no better place for blacks to detour around American values than in forgoing its example in the treatment of its women and the organization of its family.;Eleanor Holmes Norton;equality
The highest political buzz word is not liberty, equality, fraternity or solidarity it is service.;Arthur Hugh Clough;equality
Dreams from 1991 are becoming reality. We will build good relations between nations and people. We will strive towards mutual respect and equality of every individual, sex, race and national or any other minority.;Janez Drnovsek;equality
Humanistic values of equality and equal rights for all nations and individuals as crystallized in the principles of the United Nations Charter are mankind's great achievements in the 20th century.;Tran Duc Luong;equality
The Nordic countries are leading the way on women's equality, recognizing women as equal citizens rather than commodities for sale.;Johanna Siguroardottir;equality
There are a lot of things that fit on a bumper sticker in terms of either liberty or equality or progress that when made more concrete just don't pan out.;Laurence Tribe;equality
If money, education, and honesty will not bring to me as much privilege, as much equality as they bring to any American citizen, then they are to me a curse, and not a blessing.;John Hope;equality
Distinctions between citizens solely because of their ancestry are by their very nature odious to a free people whose institutions are founded upon the doctrine of equality.;Harlan Stone;equality
The bill neither confers nor abridges the rights of anyone but simply declares that in civil rights there shall be equality among all classes of citizens and that all alike shall be subject to the same punishment.;Lyman Trumbull;equality
Demands for equality for women are threats to men's self-esteem and sense of sexual turf.;Alice S. Rossi;equality
Equality means nothing unless incorporated into the institutions.;Slobodan Milosevic;equality
Yugoslavia is a multinational community and it can survive only under the conditions of full equality for all nations that live in it.;Slobodan Milosevic;equality
Life can only be understood backwards but it must be lived forwards.;Soren Kierkegaard;experience
The only source of knowledge is experience.;Albert Einstein;experience
Experience: that most brutal of teachers. But you learn, my God do you learn.;C. S. Lewis;experience
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.;Oscar Wilde;experience
A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way.;Mark Twain;experience
It has been my experience that folks who have no vices have very few virtues.;Abraham Lincoln;experience
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience.;Pierre Teilhard de Chardin;experience
Experience is one thing you can't get for nothing.;Oscar Wilde;experience
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.;Eleanor Roosevelt;experience
Man learns through experience, and the spiritual path is full of different kinds of experiences. He will encounter many difficulties and obstacles, and they are the very experiences he needs to encourage and complete the cleansing process.;Sai Baba;experience
A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions.;Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.;experience
Do you know the difference between education and experience? Education is when you read the fine print experience is what you get when you don't.;Pete Seeger;experience
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.;Douglas Adams;experience
The years teach much which the days never know.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;experience
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.;Ralph Marston;experience
Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.;John W. Gardner;experience
A woman's life can really be a succession of lives, each revolving around some emotionally compelling situation or challenge, and each marked off by some intense experience.;Wallis Simpson;experience
I made decisions that I regret, and I took them as learning experiences... I'm human, not perfect, like anybody else.;Queen Latifah;experience
You cannot create experience. You must undergo it.;Albert Camus;experience
Everything has been said before, but since nobody listens we have to keep going back and beginning all over again.;Andre Gide;experience
When you have really exhausted an experience you always reverence and love it.;Albert Camus;experience
Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced.;John Keats;experience
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.;Auguste Rodin;experience
Experience is the teacher of all things.;Julius Caesar;experience
If we could sell our experiences for what they cost us, we'd all be millionaires.;Abigail Van Buren;experience
