Hope, the best comfort of our imperfect condition.;Edward Gibbon;hope
To withdraw is not to run away, and to stay is no wise action, when there's more reason to fear than to hope.;Miguel de Cervantes;hope
Hope is the struggle of the soul, breaking loose from what is perishable, and attesting her eternity.;Herman Melville;hope
Good news doesn't necessarily have to be a positive thing. Bringing good news is imparting hope to one's fellow man.;Patti Smith;hope
All non-incumbent campaigns promise hope and change, but Obama took the promise to a new level of absurdity. He suggested that a vote for him would literally transform the Earth.;John Podhoretz;hope
We are all serving a life sentence, and good behavior is our only hope for a pardon.;Douglas Horton;hope
The very least you can do in your life is to figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope. Not admire it from a distance but live right in it, under its roof.;Barbara Kingsolver;hope
I hope the fans have enjoyed listening as much as I've enjoyed doing the games. I don't ever go to the park where I don't have a good day. I don't like losing. But I don't think I ever go to the park where I have a bad day. I don't think once.;Bob Uecker;hope
When it comes down to it, it's giving people a good night out in a basic way and I think my company guarantees that. There's always something new and something to excite us and surprise us, and that's why people come back, I hope.;Matthew Bourne;hope
If it is nothingness that awaits us, let us make an injustice of it let us fight against destiny, even though without hope of victory.;Miguel de Unamuno;hope
I enjoy comedy and I hope that people enjoy watching me do it.;David Duchovny;hope
Fear is a very explosive emotion, but it has a short life span. It's the sprint. The marathon is hope.;Mike Huckabee;hope
A lot of people have great hope, and a lot of people who have great hope live. And, some of them who have great hope die. So it's not that hope is going to save you.;Elizabeth Edwards;hope
I hope I have important things to say.;Elizabeth Edwards;hope
It's just a part of our nature to hope.;Elizabeth Edwards;hope
What we hope to achieve is a society that doesn't value a white man because he's a white man, but also doesn't value a woman because she's a woman, or a black because he's a black.;Elizabeth Edwards;hope
My sweetest hope is to lose hope.;Pierre Corneille;hope
You hope that your teenage self would like and forgive your 50-year-old self.;Hugh Laurie;hope
They do not understand Islam, and I think that is one area where perhaps I hope one day I will play a role in actually making people understand what we perceive Islam to be.;Imran Khan;hope
Let's hope you feel better now.;Jack Kevorkian;hope
In an election, one needs both hope and audacity.;Francois Hollande;hope
If a man like Malcolm X could change and repudiate racism, if I myself and other former Muslims can change, if young whites can change, then there is hope for America.;Eldridge Cleaver;hope
When I get into bed at night, I hope I don't get into it alone!;Calvin Klein;hope
I have met a few Casanovas I like and a few I have not liked - and I hope to meet a few more.;Sienna Miller;hope
On the other hand, I believe there's hope, because the breakdown and the repair are happening simultaneously.;Kathryn Bigelow;hope
There is no hope unmingled with fear, and no fear unmingled with hope.;Baruch Spinoza;hope
In government you carry each hope each disillusion. And in politics it's always about the next challenge.;Tony Blair;hope
A widow's refusal of a lover is seldom so explicit as to exclude hope.;Samuel Richardson;hope
I know we can't always know what medical surprises may happen during childbirth. But my hope is to go fully natural - no epidural, no interventions. Wish me luck.;Danica McKellar;hope
I just hope that I continue to keep a line between my private life and who I play, even if they are closely intertwined, and so I'm careful. I don't even know where my line is, but I know I have a line.;Lena Dunham;hope
My hope for my children must be that they respond to the still, small voice of God in their own hearts.;Andrew Young;hope
There will always be someone else with a different view than you. I appreciate them and would never say that they are wrong. I hope that they would give me that courtesy also.;Melissa Etheridge;hope
I certainly hope I'm not still answering child-star questions by the time I reach menopause.;Christina Ricci;hope
As long as we can tell stories about our ability to survive, the more we will hope, not self-destruct.;Christina Ricci;hope
The attitude that nature is chaotic and that the artist puts order into it is a very absurd point of view, I think. All that we can hope for is to put some order into ourselves.;Willem de Kooning;hope
I hope to bring people to God with my songs.;Mahalia Jackson;hope
Life is given to you like a flat piece of land and everything has to be done. I hope that when I am finished, my piece of land will be a beautiful garden, so there is a lot of work.;Jeanne Moreau;hope
Obama won the presidency on the strength of his message and the skills of the messenger. Now the talk of hope and change feels out of tune when so many Americans are out of work, over-mortgaged, and worried that life will be even tougher for their children.;Ron Fournier;hope
Put your blog out into the world and hope that your talent will speak for itself.;Diablo Cody;hope
It's possible that I've matured as a writer, and I hope I've matured emotionally, but I always find myself revisiting these adolescent scenes.;Diablo Cody;hope
You know, it shouldn't just be about women as heroic figures overcoming things, it just needs to be about women in general getting the opportunity to play a multitude of roles, telling a multitude of stories - just to express human experience from a woman's perspective. I hope, someday, we can get to that point. I'm all about representation.;Diablo Cody;hope
Do parents sit down and tell their kids everything? I don't know. I don't know. I've convinced myself - I hope I'm right - that children despair of you if you don't tell them the truth.;Maurice Sendak;hope
I've convinced myself - I hope I'm right - that children despair of you if you don't tell them the truth.;Maurice Sendak;hope
If we have any hope of finding ways for seven billion people to live well on planet with finite resources, we have to learn to use our resources efficiently. Plastic bags are neither efficient nor environmentally friendly.;David Suzuki;hope
One must not hope to be more than one can be.;Nicolas Chamfort;hope
Some people think I'm a total moron and I would hope most people think I'm very good at what I do.;Dan Abrams;hope
I still believe in a place called Hope.;William J. Clinton;hope
I hope Obama gets scary in the next four years, 'cuz he ain't gotta worry about getting re-elected.;Samuel L. Jackson;hope
From faith, hope, and love, the virtues of religion referring to God, there arises a double act which bears on the spiritual communion exercised between God and us the hearing of the word and prayer.;William Ames;hope
Even a purely moral act that has no hope of any immediate and visible political effect can gradually and indirectly, over time, gain in political significance.;Vaclav Havel;hope
The Middle East is hopeful. There's hope there.;Joe Biden;hope
I do protect human rights, and I hope I shall always be looked up as a champion of human rights.;Aung San Suu Kyi;hope
Religion kept some of my relatives alive, because it was all they had. If they hadn't had some hope of heaven, some companionship in Jesus, they probably would have committed suicide, their lives were so hellish.;Octavia Butler;hope
All we can hope for is that the thing is going to slowly and imperceptibly shift. All I can say is that 50 years ago there were no such thing as environmental policies.;David Attenborough;hope
I had a huge advantage when I started 50 years ago - my job was secure. I didn't have to promote myself. These days there's far more pressure to make a mark, so the temptation is to make adventure television or personality shows. I hope the more didactic approach won't be lost.;David Attenborough;hope
The climate, the economic situation, rising birth rates none of these things give me a lot of hope or reason to be optimistic.;David Attenborough;hope
My fondest hope is that 'Roots' may start black, white, brown, red, yellow people digging back for their own roots. Man, that would make me feel 90 feet tall.;Alex Haley;hope
Being a star has made it possible for me to get insulted in places where the average Negro could never hope to go and get insulted.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;hope
There is nothing that fear and hope does not permit men to do.;Luc de Clapiers;hope
I just sort of take it from a character perspective, and I don't know if he was necessarily spiritual, but I do think he had hope. He was a character that was comfortable having hope in his life, and hope is faith.;Ryan Gosling;hope
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.;Rita Mae Brown;hope
There is something uniquely depressing about the fact that the National Portrait Gallery's version of the Barack Obama 'Hope' poster previously belonged to a pair of lobbyists. Depressing because Mr. Obama's Washington was not supposed to be the lobbyists' Washington, the place we learned to despise during the last administration.;Thomas Frank;hope
I mean, I get letters in the mail because I had a heart defect when I was one, I had surgeries and stuff. And so you get these letters in the mail that just, they are crazy, they are just like, yes, well our son is dealing with the same thing and we saw you on TV and I mean it is such a cool thing to inspire and kind of give hope.;Shaun White;hope
In our recovery package we put new standards of accountability and transparency, which we hope will now apply.;Nancy Pelosi;hope
I hope that what it comes down to at the end of the day is that people believe that I believe what I'm singing. It comes down to being believable. You don't have to be likeable generally, though, I think I am.;John Mayer;hope
Hope is the most exciting thing in life and if you honestly believe that love is out there, it will come. And even if it doesn't come straight away there is still that chance all through your life that it will.;Josh Hartnett;hope
The hope of Internet anarchists was that repressive governments would have only two options: accept the Internet with its limitless possibilities of spreading information, or restrict Internet access to the ruling elite and turn your back on the 21st century, as North Korea has done.;Peter Singer;hope
I think you grow wherever God plants you. I hope I'm growing as a person of faith, as a Christian. That should be our number one objective this journey of life. That all starts with a personal intimate relationship with Christ and then being in prayer every single day about all of those things - being tenacious about it.;J. C. Watts;hope
I mean, why am I considered an 'it girl?' Because I'm in a lot of movies right now or am on the covers of magazines? I just hope there is something solid behind that. Because here's the thing with 'it girl' status. It's great and amazing that anybody is saying that at all. But how long does that last?;Amanda Seyfried;hope
At a time of such hope and optimism in the Middle East, we cannot let the Libyan government violate every principle of international law and human rights with impunity.;William Hague;hope
We hope that the long darkness through which the Burmese people have lived may now be coming to an end.;William Hague;hope
We hope the world will act in the spirit of enlightened self-interest.;Atal Bihari Vajpayee;hope
A poor man with nothing in his belly needs hope, illusion, more than bread.;Georges Bernanos;hope
If the skies fall, one may hope to catch larks.;Francois Rabelais;hope
On what rests the hope of the republic? One country, one language, one flag!;Alexander Henry;hope
What is music anyway? It's a form of communication, and that's why I play the kind of music that I think - that I hope - can communicate with people.;Kenny G;hope
See, my hope and dream is that people have a good time watching basketball. It's not church. It's not serious.;Charles Barkley;hope
For me, Barack Obama's election was a milestone of the most extraordinary kind. On the day he was elected I felt such hope in my heart. I thought we were seeing the beginning of a new era of equal opportunity across race and gender such as America had never known before.;Jesse Jackson;hope
My hope is that 10 years from now, after I've been across the street at work for a while, they'll all be glad they gave me that wonderful vote.;Sandra Day O'Connor;hope
I don't think I'm a great songwriter, but I think I've learned a lot about it, and I don't think there's any one way to do it. I don't think I can control it at all. I can just kind of hope that it happens.;Norah Jones;hope
I hope there are some audiophiles still out there.;Norah Jones;hope
You always hear people saying, 'I hope I'm not turning into my dad', but I'd be honoured if I became half as decent a bloke as he is.;Johnny Vegas;hope
Before you give up hope, turn back and read the attacks that were made on Lincoln.;Bruce Barton;hope
My hope was that organizations would start including this range of skills in their training programs - in other words, offer an adult education in social and emotional intelligence.;Daniel Goleman;hope
I hope I live long enough to see every hungry school child in the world being fed under the so-called McGovern-Dole program.;George McGovern;hope
I hope someday we will be able to proclaim that we have banished hunger in the United States, and that we've been able to bring nutrition and health to the whole world.;George McGovern;hope
I hope that as the Senate and American people learn more about me, they will see that I am an ordinary person who has been blessed with extraordinary opportunities and experiences.;Sonia Sotomayor;hope
The only way of knowing a person is to love them without hope.;Walter Benjamin;hope
My contribution I hope is to get people to eat full-flavored food. If I could come away with that alone, that would be a fantastic accomplishment. I'm also very proud of being a very American chef.;Bobby Flay;hope
I think it's a mistake to ever look for hope outside of one's self.;Arthur Miller;hope
Hope can be the most wonderful thing in the world or it can crush your heart like an eggshell.;Harlan Coben;hope
I am very lucky that I get to tell stories for a living. I love being able to grab people's attention, to keep them turning the pages, to make them stay awake all night. I want to stir the pulse, yes, but also to stir the heart. I hope 'The Woods' does that.;Harlan Coben;hope
I hope in my lifetime we can all continue to laugh at ourselves and not put down anyone for what they weigh.;Richard Simmons;hope
I feel like a lot of the female relationships I see on TV or in movies are in some way free of the kind of jealousy and anxiety and posturing that has been such a huge part of my female friendships, which I hope lessens a little bit with age.;Lena Dunham;hope
Hope is independent of the apparatus of logic.;Norman Cousins;hope
With optimism, you look upon the sunny side of things. People say, 'Studs, you're an optimist.' I never said I was an optimist. I have hope because what's the alternative to hope? Despair? If you have despair, you might as well put your head in the oven.;Studs Terkel;hope
We are biological creatures. We are born, we live, we die. There is no transcendent purpose to existence. At best we are creatures of reason, and by using reason we can cure ourselves of emotional excess. Purged of both hope and fear, we find courage in the face of helplessness, insignificance and uncertainty.;Jonathan Sacks;hope
I am inclined to attach some importance to the new system of manufacturing and venture to throw it out with the hope of its receiving a full discussion among those who are most interestedin the subject.;Charles Babbage;hope
Right now a lot of people are still choosing to go to Toronto instead of shooting in New York City, something I haven't done and something I hope I'll never have to do.;Spike Lee;hope
