To me - old age is always ten years older than I am.;John Burroughs;birthday
Let us celebrate the occasion with wine and sweet words.;Plautus;birthday
About astrology and palmistry: they are good because they make people vivid and full of possibilities. They are communism at its best. Everybody has a birthday and almost everybody has a palm.;Kurt Vonnegut;birthday
We have to be able to grow up. Our wrinkles are our medals of the passage of life. They are what we have been through and who we want to be.;Lauren Hutton;birthday
The return of my birthday, if I remember it, fills me with thoughts which it seems to be the general care of humanity to escape.;Samuel Johnson;birthday
If you look over the years, the styles have changed - the clothes, the hair, the production, the approach to the songs. The icing to the cake has changed flavors. But if you really look at the cake itself, it's really the same.;John Oates;birthday
A gift, with a kind countenance, is a double present.;Thomas Fuller;birthday
I cried on my 18th birthday. I thought 17 was such a nice age. You're young enough to get away with things, but you're old enough, too.;Liv Tyler;birthday
Our birthdays are feathers in the broad wing of time.;Jean Paul;birthday
Like many women my age, I am 28 years old.;Mary Schmich;birthday
There is still no cure for the common birthday.;John Glenn;birthday
I'm not materialistic. I believe in presents from the heart, like a drawing that a child does.;Victoria Beckham;birthday
Let them eat cake.;Marie Antoinette;birthday
Handmade presents are scary because they reveal that you have too much free time.;Doug Coupland;birthday
New Year's Day is every man's birthday.;Charles Lamb;birthday
Most of us can remember a time when a birthday - especially if it was one's own - brightened the world as if a second sun has risen.;Robert Staughton Lynd;birthday
Your children need your presence more than your presents.;Jesse Jackson;birthday
Being seventy is not a sin.;Golda Meir;birthday
The best way to remember your wife's birthday is to remember it once.;E. Joseph Cossman;birthday
If you can give your child only one gift, let it be enthusiasm.;Bruce Barton;birthday
I hate birthdays.;Zane Grey;birthday
Love the giver more than the gift.;Brigham Young;birthday
When someone asks if you'd like cake or pie, why not say you want cake and pie?;Lisa Loeb;birthday
I often buy myself presents. Sometimes I will spend $100,000 in one day in a posh boutique.;Celine Dion;birthday
My biggest hero, Gregory Peck, was my birthday present on April 14, 1973. I just sat and stared at him.;Loretta Lynn;birthday
The main prank that we play with props is for people's birthdays. The special effects people will put a little explosive in the cake so it blows up in their face - that's always fun to play on a guest star, or one of the trainees or someone who's new.;Catherine Bell;birthday
To my surprise, my 70s are nicer than my 60s and my 60s than my 50s, and I wouldn't wish my teens and 20s on my enemies.;Lionel Blue;birthday
When I turned 60, it didn't bother me at all.;Yoko Ono;birthday
We'll take the cake with the red cherry on top.;Navjot Singh Sidhu;birthday
I binge when I'm happy. When everything is going really well, every day is like I'm at a birthday party.;Kirstie Alley;birthday
I used to be good with kids, but as I get older, I'm grumpy and terrible with them. As for doing a gig at a 6-year old's birthday party, you couldn't pay me enough.;Johnny Vegas;birthday
I quit high school on my birthday. It was my senior year and I didn't see the point. This was 1962, and I was ready to make music.;Barry White;birthday
Only then, approaching my fortieth birthday, I made philosophy my life's work.;Karl Jaspers;birthday
I had a birthday one night on a farm we were shooting on. I walked into the tent, and there were 150 people waiting for me, all wearing masks of my face.;Stephen Hopkins;birthday
My mother asked me what I wanted for my birthday, so I said I wanted to read poetry with her.;Guy Johnson;birthday
Would ye both eat your cake and have your cake?;John Heywood;birthday
In 1993 my birthday present was a star on Hollywood's Walk of Fame.;Annette Funicello;birthday
I'm amazed. When I was 40, I thought I'd never make 50. And at 50 I thought the frosting on the cake would be 60. At 60, I was still going strong and enjoying everything.;Gloria Stuart;birthday
When I was little I thought, isn't it nice that everybody celebrates on my birthday? Because it's July 4th.;Gloria Stuart;birthday
This is a wonderful way to celebrate an 80th birthday... I wanted to be 65 again, but they wouldn't let me - Homeland Security.;Art Buchwald;birthday
I do like to shock and surprise people. When it's all in good fun, of course.;Ruth Warrick;birthday
I crashed my boyfriend's birthday when I was 12 years old. He didn't invite me and so I showed up.;Isla Fisher;birthday
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.;Robert Frost;birthday
I wrapped my Christmas presents early this year, but I used the wrong paper. See, the paper I used said 'Happy Birthday' on it. I didn't want to waste it so I just wrote 'Jesus' on it.;Demetri Martin;birthday
Success is like reaching an important birthday and finding you're exactly the same.;Audrey Hepburn;birthday
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;birthday
With my wife I don't get no respect. I made a toast on her birthday to 'the best woman a man ever had.' The waiter joined me.;Rodney Dangerfield;birthday
It was my 16th birthday - my mom and dad gave me my Goya classical guitar that day. I sat down, wrote this song, and I just knew that that was the only thing I could ever really do - write songs and sing them to people.;Stevie Nicks;birthday
Just hit my 75th birthday, I'm feeling great!;Colin Powell;birthday
You know, maybe I was just born in the wrong time, but I love all things romantic. Puffy understands that. For my last birthday, he covered my hotel room floor with rose petals and had flowers and candles all over the room.;Jennifer Lopez;birthday
Mum loves me being famous! She is so excited and proud, as she had me so young and couldn't support me, so I am living her dream, it's sweeter for both of us. It's her 40th birthday soon and I'm going to buy her 40 presents.;Adele;birthday
I'm most comfortable in my birthday suit.;Amanda Seyfried;birthday
It's odd the things that people remember. Parents will arrange a birthday party, certain it will stick in your mind forever. You'll have a nice time, then two years later you'll be like, 'There was a pony there? Really? And a clown with one leg?';David Sedaris;birthday
Some people won't go the extra mile, and then on their birthday, when no one makes a fuss, they feel neglected and bitter.;Anne Lamott;birthday
You always get a special kick on opening day, no matter how many you go through. You look forward to it like a birthday party when you're a kid. You think something wonderful is going to happen.;Joe DiMaggio;birthday
I trained to be a priest - started to. I went to seminary school when I was 11. I wanted to be a priest, but when they told me I could never have sex, not even on my birthday, I changed my mind.;Johnny Vegas;birthday
I gave a funny speech at my wife's birthday party, and I'm thinking, 'Hey, I've still got it.';Larry David;birthday
My ace in the hole as a human being used to be my capacity for remembering birthdays. I worked at it. Whenever I made a new friend, I made a point of finding out his or her birthday early on, and I would record it in my Filofax calendar.;Susan Orlean;birthday
I want a chainsaw very badly, because I think cutting down a tree would be unbelievably satisfying. I have asked for a chainsaw for my birthday, but I think I'll probably be given jewelry instead.;Susan Orlean;birthday
I just had my 30th birthday and we went turkey shooting. It's what I wanted to do, so we went.;Kelly Clarkson;birthday
Every day, every birthday candle I blow out, every penny I throw over my shoulder in a wishing well, every time my daughter says, 'Let's make a wish on a star,' there's one thing I wish for: wisdom.;Rene Russo;birthday
I left school on my 15th birthday.;David Bailey;birthday
The worst part about celebrating another birthday is the shock that you're only as well as you are.;Anne Lamott;birthday
I like to go to anybody else's birthday, and if I'm invited I'm a good guest. But I never celebrate my birthdays. I really don't care.;Mikhail Baryshnikov;birthday
When I was a kid, for my birthday every year, my mother made me pasta bechamel, which is rigatoni with a white cream sauce.;Giada De Laurentiis;birthday
Anybody can have a birthday. It requires nothing. Murderers have birthdays. It's the opposite of anything that I believe in. And I don't like at work where you stop everything to sing 'Happy Birthday' to someone. I feel like that's for children.;Mindy Kaling;birthday
My best kiss was on stage. Kelly Rowland from Destiny's Child gave me a really nice soft kiss on my lips during a performance on my birthday. It was amazing.;Chris Brown;birthday
I tried to bake a cake for my mother's birthday - it took me four hours. It was terrible, and I cried for three days.;Rachael Ray;birthday
My happiest memory of childhood was my first birthday in reform school. This teacher took an interest in me. In fact, he gave me the first birthday presents I ever got: a box of Cracker Jacks and a can of ABC shoe polish.;Flip Wilson;birthday
If we celebrate Martin Luther King Jr.'s birthday at a time of presidential inaugurals, this is thanks to Ronald Reagan who created the holiday, and not to the Democratic Congress of the Carter years, which rejected it.;David Horowitz;birthday
Interventions are really emotionally exhausting and I would never ever want to have one. In the same way, I would never want to have a surprise birthday party. That would be horrible.;Margaret Cho;birthday
I had been offered a Hollywood contract before my 18th birthday. It gave me the spark I needed.;Gene Tierney;birthday
It is ironic that the one thing that all religions recognize as separating us from our creator, our very self-consciousness, is also the one thing that divides us from our fellow creatures. It was a bitter birthday present from evolution.;Annie Dillard;birthday
I tend to foster drama via bleakness. If I want the reader to feel sympathy for a character, I cleave the character in half, on his birthday. And then it starts raining. And he's made of sugar.;George Saunders;birthday
My second play, The Birthday Party, I wrote in 1958 - or 1957. It was totally destroyed by the critics of the day, who called it an absolute load of rubbish.;Harold Pinter;birthday
Since graduation, I have measured time in 4-by-5-inch pieces of paper, four days on the left and three on the right. Every social engagement, interview, reading, flight, doctor's appointment, birthday and dry-cleaning reminder has been handwritten between metal loops.;Sloane Crosley;birthday
I'm a summer baby, so I usually have my birthday as a good summer memory.;Sloane Crosley;birthday
The Queen of Crafts herself, Martha Stewart, and I have the same birthday. I prefer to think it's the glue-gun wielding, perfect-tart-producing Martha and not the copper pan-throwing, jail-going Martha. But I suppose if I am going to share a calendar square with some of Martha, I have to share it with all of Martha.;Sloane Crosley;birthday
I'm over the moon to be involved in the 'Doctor Who' Christmas special. I can't quite believe it as it's a part of the family tradition at the Jenkins household. I heard the news that I got the role on my 30th birthday and it was the best birthday present ever.;Katherine Jenkins;birthday
The first guitar I ever got was for my 13th birthday.;Rick Springfield;birthday
As I approach my 88th birthday, it's become apparent to me that my eyes and ears, among other appurtenances, aren't quite what they used to be. The prospect of long flights to wherever in search of whatever are not quite as appealing.;Mike Wallace;birthday
I've got some incredible fans actually - so loyal and they make me birthday cards and Christmas cards. I got this package of poems and artwork based around the songs. They've got this thing called 'Floetry' where they all have to put in artwork. They've set up their own competitions and stuff which is kind of amazing.;Florence Welch;birthday
All my favorite stars, my family and my friends are here. I'm having the happiest birthday that an 18-year-old girl could ever have.;Brandy Norwood;birthday
John Candy knew he was going to die. He told me on his 40th birthday. He said, well, Maureen, I'm on borrowed time.;Maureen O'Hara;birthday
I have had fans make me the big picture collages of the photo books I have had fans send me birthday cakes... sing to me on my voicemail. I have had fans flash me. I have had older fans give me their bras and underwear onstage.;Puff Daddy;birthday
The day before my 16th birthday I got my guitar.;Stevie Nicks;birthday
I hate birthdays. I hate birthday parties. I hate them. I don't know what it is, anybody's only got to come wafting near me with a piece of cake with a candle on and I break out in hives.;Cat Deeley;birthday
I saw Richard Linklater's film 'Slacker' for my twenty-first birthday. That was the moment when it all seemed possible. This guy gave me hope.;Kevin Smith;birthday
The reason I met my husband was because I remembered a friend's birthday. The moral of the story is: Remember people's birthdays.;Julianna Margulies;birthday
You know, we'd just had a birthday, he was... you know, he still had a future out of him, and all I can is he was just one of the most beautiful people in the world... a very gifted man, and it's a loss to the world, not just for us.;Robin Gibb;birthday
Citizens, thank you for all your birthday wishes. I am 88 years old today and still lucky to live in the greatest city in the world.;Ed Koch;birthday
I worked at an ice cream parlor called Chadwicks. We wore old-timey outfits and had to bang a drum, play a kazoo, and sing 'Happy Birthday' to people while giving them free birthday sundaes. Lots of ice cream scooping and $1 tips.;Amy Poehler;birthday
For the youth, the indignation of most things will just surge as each birthday passes.;Chris Evans;birthday
I've never looked forward to a birthday like I'm looking forward to my new daughter's birthday, because two days after that is when I can apply for reinstatement.;Pete Rose;birthday
I play PC and Xbox games at home, and I just got a PSP as a birthday present.;Uwe Boll;birthday
We didn't have a whole lot of money when I was growing up either. I would always ask for magic books or magic tricks for my birthday or for Christmas and the rest of the year I either had to mow lawns or find part time jobs to help supplement the cost of doing magic.;Lance Burton;birthday
With my daughter, we do arts and crafts, we read a lot, we listen to music, and we cut the strings off balloons and bounce them around after birthday parties.;Lisa Loeb;birthday
I was fired at the pinnacle of my career, on my 39th birthday. And in the year that followed, I learned that there are many psychological phases of being 'let go.';Mika Brzezinski;birthday
I get uncomfortable when people give me presents and watch me open them. I don't have birthday parties, because the idea of a group of people singing and looking at me while I'm blowing out candles gives me hives.;Brit Marling;birthday
