I don't get this whole super-skinny obsession. I really think women look more beautiful when they let their curves show.;Vanessa Marcil;women
Make women rational creatures, and free citizens, and they will quickly become good wives - that is, if men do not neglect the duties of husbands and fathers.;Mary Wollstonecraft;women
Women's fashion is a subtle form of bondage. It's men's way of binding them. We put them in these tight, high-heeled shoes, we make them wear these tight clothes and we say they look sexy. But they're actually tied up.;David Duchovny;women
Men reach their sexual peak at eighteen. Women reach theirs at thirty-five. Do you get the feeling that God is playing a practical joke?;Rita Rudner;women
All places where women are excluded tend downward to barbarism but the moment she is introduced, there come in with her courtesy, cleanliness, sobriety, and order.;Harriet Beecher Stowe;women
The most mediocre of males feels himself a demigod as compared with women.;Simone de Beauvoir;women
Those religions that are oppressive to women are also against democracy, human rights, and freedom of expression.;Taslima Nasrin;women
I have frequently been questioned, especially by women, of how I could reconcile family life with a scientific career. Well, it has not been easy.;Marie Curie;women
Because wherever I am today, I still owe it to God and I owe it to two men - the Honorable Elijah Muhammad and Malcolm X and of course, two very special women, my mother and my wife.;Louis Farrakhan;women
Most men are very attached to the idea of being male, and usually experience a lot of fear and insecurity around the idea of being a man. Most women are very identified with their gender, and also experience a tremendous amount of fear and insecurity.;Andrew Cohen;women
I think women are concerned too much with their clothes. Men don't really care that much about women's clothes. If they like a girl, chances are they'll like her clothes.;Hedy Lamarr;women
I'll promise to go easier on drinking and to get to bed earlier, but not for you, fifty thousand dollars, or two-hundred and fifty thousand dollars will I give up women. They're too much fun.;Babe Ruth;women
To conclude that women are unfitted to the task of our historic society seems to me the equivalent of closing male eyes to female facts.;Lyndon B. Johnson;women
I want to make a policy statement. I am unabashedly in favor of women.;Lyndon B. Johnson;women
All soldiers who serve their country and put their lives at risk need to know that if something happens to them, their families will be well taken care of. That's the bond we have with our military men and women and their families.;Jeff Sessions;women
One of my theories is that men love with their eyes women love with their ears.;Zsa Zsa Gabor;women
It is capitalist America that produced the modern independent woman. Never in history have women had more freedom of choice in regard to dress, behavior, career, and sexual orientation.;Camille Paglia;women
There is no more lively sensation than that of pain its impressions are certain and dependable, they never deceive as may those of the pleasure women perpetually feign and almost never experience.;Marquis de Sade;women
The real religion of the world comes from women much more than from men - from mothers most of all, who carry the key of our souls in their bosoms.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;women
As they say around the Texas Legislature, if you can't drink their whiskey, screw their women, take their money, and vote against 'em anyway, you don't belong in office.;Molly Ivins;women
Whether they give or refuse, it delights women just the same to have been asked.;Ovid;women
Wherever men and women are persecuted because of their race, religion, or political views, that place must - at that moment - become the center of the universe.;Elie Wiesel;women
Breast cancer is not just a disease that strikes at women. It strikes at the very heart of who we are as women: how others perceive us, how we perceive ourselves, how we live, work and raise our families-or whether we do these things at all.;Debbie Wasserman Schultz;women
Women who marry early are often overly enamored of the kind of man who looks great in wedding pictures and passes the maid of honor his telephone number.;Anna Quindlen;women
Women's liberation is just a lot of foolishness. It's men who are discriminated against. They can't bear children. And no one is likely to do anything about that.;Golda Meir;women
I'm not particularly a feminist, but if you get women off the animal cycle of reproduction and give them some say in how many children they'll have, immediately the floor will rise.;Christopher Hitchens;women
If you look at any Muslim society and you make a scale of how developed they are, and how successful the economy is, it's a straight line. It depends on how much they emancipate their women.;Christopher Hitchens;women
Women, if the soul of the nation is to be saved, I believe that you must become its soul.;Coretta Scott King;women
Reading, solitude, idleness, a soft and sedentary life, intercourse with women and young people, these are perilous paths for a young man, and these lead him constantly into danger.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;women
No longer shall I paint interiors with men reading and women knitting. I will paint living people who breathe and feel and suffer and love.;Edvard Munch;women
I can't understand why the front pages of newspapers can cover bird flu and swine flu and everybody is up in arms about that and we still haven't really woken up to the fact that so many women in sub-Saharan Africa - 60 percent of people in - infected with HIV are women.;Annie Lennox;women
Women should stop going for the bad guys, stop looking so far when the good ones are right there.;Jennifer Aniston;women
Men and women should stay apart, till their hearts grow gentle towards one another again.;David Herbert Lawrence;women
Feminism is dated? Yes, for privileged women like my daughter and all of us here today, but not for most of our sisters in the rest of the world who are still forced into premature marriage, prostitution, forced labor - they have children that they don't want or they cannot feed.;Isabel Allende;women
Imagine, a September 11 with weapons of mass destruction. It's not 3,000. It's tens of thousands of innocent men, women and children.;Donald Rumsfeld;women
For any of us in this room today, let's start out by admitting we're lucky. We don't live in the world our mothers lived in, our grandmothers lived in, where career choices for women were so limited.;Sheryl Sandberg;women
Some women hold up dresses that are so ugly and they always say the same thing: 'This looks much better on.' On what? On fire?;Rita Rudner;women
Men are self-confident because they grow up identifying with super-heroes. Women have bad self-images because they grow up identifying with Barbie.;Rita Rudner;women
Women lie about their age men lie about their income.;William Feather;women
The first holy truth in God 101 is that men and women of true faith have always had to accept the mystery of God's identity and love and ways. I hate that, but it's the truth.;Anne Lamott;women
It's okay to be a fat man. It's prestige and power and all of that. But fat women are seen as just lazy and stupid and having no self-control.;Camryn Manheim;women
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away.;Fay Weldon;women
Men want to make women happy.;Jerry Seinfeld;women
I've never wanted to look like models on the cover of magazines. I represent the majority of women and I'm very proud of that.;Adele;women
I love the fact that there are also women out there that don't have a choice and they must go to work and they still have to raise the kids. Thank goodness that we value those people too.;Ann Romney;women
Whatever women do, they must do twice as well as men to be half as good. Luckily, this is not difficult.;Charlotte Whitton;women
Women are always beautiful.;Ville Valo;women
Confidence is at the root of so many attractive qualities, a sense of humor, a sense of style, a willingness to be who you are no matter what anyone else might think or say and it's true, I do have a certain fondness for women that have dark hair.;Wentworth Miller;women
A fact of modern life is that it takes women longer to get ready than men.;Jessica Savitch;women
'Charm' - which means the power to effect work without employing brute force - is indispensable to women. Charm is a woman's strength just as strength is a man's charm.;Havelock Ellis;women
For most of my life I let women do the driving and was happy to let them.;Christopher Hitchens;women
To terrify children with the image of hell... to consider women an inferior creation. Is that good for the world?;Christopher Hitchens;women
Men get laid, but women get screwed.;Quentin Crisp;women
All the women want to be with me, all the men want to be like me.;Ric Flair;women
I love surprises - champagne and strawberries, all that pampering, romantic stuff. Guys ought to know how to pamper their women properly.;Danica McKellar;women
One mustn't ask apple trees for oranges, France for sun, women for love, life for happiness.;Gustave Flaubert;women
And verily, a woman need know but one man well, in order to understand all men whereas a man may know all women and understand not one of them.;Helen Rowland;women
I don't think that women need to smell interesting.;Lady Gaga;women
I like my wine like my women - ready to pass out.;Robin Williams;women
Women must pay for everything. They do get more glory than men for comparable feats, but, they also get more notoriety when they crash.;Amelia Earhart;women
I think there are opportunities for women in comedies - how zany is up to them.;Jennifer Aniston;women
I support women, men, anybody who is in a place that's not their strongest and who is ready to push forward.;Jennifer Aniston;women
I don't know why women feel an affinity with me.;Jennifer Aniston;women
I have a lot of amazing women, you know, women in my life who have been an example for me of what not to do.;Jennifer Aniston;women
John Currin's exaggerated realism and his twisted women kept me off balance, never knowing if they were sincere or ironic or some new emotion.;Jerry Saltz;women
One argument goes that recessions are good for female artists because when money flies out the window, women are allowed in the house. The other claims that when money ebbs, so do prospects for women.;Jerry Saltz;women
The power of the harasser, the abuser, the rapist depends above all on the silence of women.;Ursula K. Le Guin;women
I've seen women who don't have great relationships with their dads, and it all comes down to this: You have to tell girls you love them every day.;Chris Rock;women
Men now monopolize the upper levels... depriving women of their rightful share of opportunities for incompetence.;Laurence J. Peter;women
So many women just don't know how great they really are. They come to us all vogue outside and vague on the inside.;Mary Kay Ash;women
Some women feel the best cure for a broken heart is a new beau.;Gene Tierney;women
Growing up with the childhood that I had, I learned to never let a man make me feel helpless, and it also embedded a deep need in me to always stick up for women.;Christina Aguilera;women
So much has been said and sung of beautiful young girls, why doesn't somebody wake up to the beauty of old women.;Harriet Beecher Stowe;women
A Code of Honor: Never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief as your goal. There are just too many women in the world to justify that sort of dishonorable behavior. Unless she's really attractive.;Bruce Jay Friedman;women
All societies on the verge of death are masculine. A society can survive with only one man no society will survive a shortage of women.;Germaine Greer;women
Women love a self-confident bald man.;Larry David;women
In LA, where I live, it's all about perfectionism. Beauty is now defined by your bones sticking out of your decolletage. For that to be the standard is really perilous for women.;Alanis Morissette;women
I didn't want to be one of those women who wake up at 63 years old and realize they've missed the window of opportunity for marriage and children.;Alanis Morissette;women
Ageism works in both directions. As a teenager in the public eye, people would talk condescendingly to me. When you get older there's this feeling that you have to start carving up your face and body. Right now I'm in the middle ground - I think women in their thirties are taken seriously.;Alanis Morissette;women
Beauty is now defined by your bones sticking out of your decolletage. For that to be the standard is really perilous for women.;Alanis Morissette;women
I'm excited about there being more of a sisterhood these days. Back in the '90s there was a lot of hate - the women I looked up to as artists were dissing me! It's not so patriarchal these days - there's more love and a lot less hate!;Alanis Morissette;women
Fear of serious injury alone cannot justify oppression of free speech and assembly. Men feared witches and burnt women. It is the function of speech to free men from the bondage of irrational fears.;Louis D. Brandeis;women
A women knows how to keep quiet when she is in the right, whereas a man, when he is in the right, will keep on talking.;Malcolm De Chazal;women
There are no ugly women, only lazy ones.;Helena Rubinstein;women
Women are treated differently by society for exactly the same reason that children and the mentally handicapped are treated differently.;Scott Adams;women
Women didn't want to watch other women on television because they were jealous of their husbands' diverted attention.;Jessica Savitch;women
Lesbian existence comprises both the breaking of a taboo and the rejection of a compulsory way of life. It is also a direct or indirect attack on the male right of access to women.;Adrienne Rich;women
Women who love women are Lesbians. Men, because they can only think of women in sexual terms, define Lesbian as sex between women.;Rita Mae Brown;women
Mr. DeMille's theory of sexual difference was that marriage is an artificial state for women. The want to be taken, ruled, raped. That was his theory.;Hedy Lamarr;women
After about 20 years of marriage, I'm finally starting to scratch the surface of what women want. And I think the answer lies somewhere between conversation and chocolate.;Mel Gibson;women
The people of Wisconsin have been good to me. I've tried to live up to their trust. And now I ask those hardworking men and women, and millions like them across America, to join our cause and get this country working again. When Governor Romney asked me to join the ticket, I said, 'Let's get this done' - and that is exactly, what we're going to do.;Paul Ryan;women
The trouble with some women is that they get all excited about nothing - and then marry him.;Cher;women
The main difference between men and women is that men are lunatics and women are idiots.;Rebecca West;women
Men, their rights, and nothing more women, their rights, and nothing less.;Susan B. Anthony;women
Bias has to be taught. If you hear your parents downgrading women or people of different backgrounds, why, you are going to do that.;Barbara Bush;women
Women are, in my view, natural peacemakers. As givers and nurturers of life, through their focus on human relationships and their engagement with the demanding work of raising children and protecting family life, they develop a deep sense of empathy that cuts through to underlying human realities.;Daisaku Ikeda;women
I think that men know how to romance a woman and most do it well, at least for a time, otherwise women wouldn't marry them. The problem is that most of them begin to rest on their laurels.;Nicholas Sparks;women
What is the most beautiful in virile men is something feminine what is most beautiful in feminine women is something masculine.;Susan Sontag;women
Men and women have strengths that complement each other.;Edwin Louis Cole;women
