My mom being a psychotherapist, I've been brought up with that whole psychoanalytical terrain.;Helena Bonham Carter;mom
I think the real heroic teachers are the ones who work with kids, like my mom and my sister do.;David Duchovny;mom
I probably have an earlier curfew than anyone. My mom wants to keep me really safe and my dad's not overly protective, but he's a dad no matter what.;Miley Cyrus;mom
People always accuse me of being motivational in a way, like it was a bad thing, but that's just how I was raised. My mom raised me in a positive environment, with lots of love in my heart, and that reflects in my music.;Lenny Kravitz;mom
My mom used to say that I became a fighter and a scrapper and a tough guy to protect who I am at my core.;Vin Diesel;mom
My mom knows when something is real and something is not.;Christina Ricci;mom
I've never had a very closely connected family. My parents split up when I was young and I was living with my mom for a little while, then I was kind of just on my own really young. It wasn't some kind of global tragedy, it was just never really a very close-knit family. So there was support in the sense that they didn't stand in my way.;Ani DiFranco;mom
I just go about my life. I'm a mom, I drive an SUV, I go to the grocery store every day. I'm definitely not a celebrity. I always say that I'm a celebrity-adjacent.;Diablo Cody;mom
Fact: The new '90210' is cooler than the old '90210.' It's the lithe, streamlined Skipper to the elder series' venerable Barbie. Gone are the traditional parents - they've been replaced by a hipster mom n' pop who get busted necking in the car.;Diablo Cody;mom
I make a lot of mistakes, too, and I'm constantly re-evaluating how I'm doing things and trying to be better every day, whether it's as a mom or taking care of myself.;Mia Hamm;mom
Most children - I know I did when I was a kid - fantasize another set of parents. Or fantasize no parents. They don't tell their real parents about that - you don't want to tell Mom and Dad. Kids lead a very private life. And I was a typical child, I think. I was a liar.;Maurice Sendak;mom
Most children - I know I did when I was a kid - fantasize another set of parents. Or fantasize no parents. They don't tell their real parents about that - you don't want to tell Mom and Dad.;Maurice Sendak;mom
My mom and I were super tight. I think she really wanted me to be an artist, you know? She used to like to tell people she wanted to be Beethoven's mother. That was her thing. She wanted to be the mother of this person.;Harry Connick, Jr.;mom
My dad and mom believed that you do what you have to do in private and don't make a big deal out of it. Just try to help people as much as you can.;Harry Connick, Jr.;mom
My relationship with my mom is really the single most profound relationship that I've ever had in my life.;Mindy Kaling;mom
My parents are wonderful, and I'm really lucky - but my mom has always been almost exclusively a right-brained person. She goes completely on her feelings of things, on her intuition, and so she instilled that in my brothers and I.;Brandon Boyd;mom
My dad is a Deadhead, my mom's a Jewish-American princess from Jersey.;Adam Lambert;mom
Never play cards with a man called Doc. Never eat at a place called Mom's. Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own.;Nelson Algren;mom
My Mom said she learned how to swim when someone took her out in the lake and threw her off the boat. I said, 'Mom, they weren't trying to teach you how to swim.';Paula Poundstone;mom
My mom was a waitress, and my dad was a plumber who worked for the City of San Clemente fixing mains breaks, so not too glamorous.;Shaun White;mom
I like to work. The self-esteem and satisfaction that I get from working makes me a better person, which makes me a better mom. I feel lucky because I have the luxury of working only one or two days a week.;Cindy Crawford;mom
I don't drink, and I don't smoke. It's a personal preference. My mom has never drunk or smoked. I look up to my mom.;Ashley Tisdale;mom
I pretty much borrow my entire beauty regime from my mom.;Rashida Jones;mom
I know my mom said as early as she can remember letting me watch TV, my one treat a week when I was like 6 was to stay up and watch 'Saturday Night Live.';Rashida Jones;mom
I want to be as healthy as I can because I'm a mom now.;Jessica Simpson;mom
I have so much respect for my mom and all the women across the world.;Jessica Simpson;mom
I guess now that I think back, I used to play priest and be a funny priest. I don't know, I grew up in such a Catholic family that I kind of liked to test the boundaries a little bit and I think I had fun watching my mom laugh.;Jenny McCarthy;mom
When I was a little girl, rocking my little dolls, I remember thinking I would be the world's best mom, and so far I've done it.;Jenny McCarthy;mom
When I was in nursery school, the teachers asked me, y'know, 'What does your dad do for a living?' So I said 'He helps women get pregnant!' They called my mom and they were like, 'What exactly does your husband do?';Natalie Portman;mom
Like a lot of you, I grew up in a family on the ragged edges of the middle class. My daddy sold carpeting and ended up as a maintenance man. After he had a heart attack, my mom worked the phones at Sears so we could hang on to our house.;Elizabeth Warren;mom
I could do without 'cool' publications calling me 'mom jazz.' But I laughed all the way to the bank, baby.;Norah Jones;mom
My mom just didn't put a very high premium on me being like really famous or really wealthy or anything.;Martha Plimpton;mom
It's not common for a woman on television, especially if she's the mom of the family, to be funny. She's usually a straight man or foil.;Martha Plimpton;mom
My mom and I used to listen to records, read, and take train rides across the country in the summer. It was a very chill life. She didn't expose me to anything that was ahead of my development, but she expected me to adjust to her world - she did not expect to adjust to mine.;Martha Plimpton;mom
Isn't it so weird the day you wake up and you're just going with the flow? And you just suddenly are a mom.;Katherine Heigl;mom
I'm a sappy mom now. I didn't think I would be. I thought I'd be a cool mom who keeps everything in perspective.;Katherine Heigl;mom
I was always a drama queen. I remember playing in the kitchen, trying to get my mom to think I was dead and call the police. When she didn't, I would cry. I was always theatrical. I don't think any of my relatives are surprised.;Amy Lee;mom
My mom knows pretty well how I see her.;Lena Dunham;mom
I'm ridiculous in my oversharing my mom and sister are very open but a little more judicious than me... and my father is a decidedly private person.;Lena Dunham;mom
God blessed me with two unbelievable parents, and I am just like both of them. I have the smile and charisma of my mother and the big heart of my mom, because she wants to save the world and help the world, so I am just like her.;Magic Johnson;mom
My mom was always saying: 'Be whatever you want to be, but stick with it. Don't waver. Don't change who you are for anybody.';Miranda Lambert;mom
My mom always says I cut my teeth on the church pew.;Miranda Lambert;mom
My mom said the only reason men are alive is for lawn care and vehicle maintenance.;Tim Allen;mom
Well, my mom is single and we've both been single at the same time over the last ten years, so I really related to the bond between my character and Diane's.;Amanda Peet;mom
I always knew I wanted kids, but when my mom passed away I was like, 'I want a bunch of kids. I want three kids or four kids, and I want to have that relationship again.' I can't bring my mom back, but I can have children.;Mindy Kaling;mom
Not to be weird, but I still have an ongoing relationship with my mom, even though she passed away, and I've been surprised at how much I've been able to convey to her. Now I sound like a total weirdo, but that's true.;Mindy Kaling;mom
My mom loved rock 'n roll. My father hated it. We couldn't play it when he was around.;Patti Smith;mom
I made some truly awful movies. 'Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot' was the worst. If you ever want someone to confess to murder just make him or her sit through that film. They will confess to anything after 15 minutes.;Sylvester Stallone;mom
I used to say, 'Man, I think I'd be a really good dad. I'll be a great provider. I'm funny I'll go on trips with them - I'll do all sorts of stuff.' But the momming? I'm not made for that. I have a really good mom I know what she put into it.;Elizabeth Gilbert;mom
Washington has got to, across the board, lower taxes for small businesses so that our mom and pops can reinvest and hire people, so that our businesses can thrive.;Sarah Palin;mom
I'm really happy to be a mom, and I'm proud of the phase I'm in.;Liz Phair;mom
Mom ran the house, so we grew up Portuguese.;Emeril Lagasse;mom
My food is Louisiana, New Orleans-based, well-seasoned, rustic. I think it's pretty unique because of my background being influenced by my mom, Portuguese and French Canadian. There's a lot going on there.;Emeril Lagasse;mom
My family, you know, are all still, you know, very close. We're all still very close. Mom and Daddy are still alive. So, what more can you ask for? Your kids are healthy.;Reba McEntire;mom
I know how to do anything, I'm a mom.;Roseanne Barr;mom
Being a singer is all about me. About ego. Being a mom is all about being selfless - two different worlds.;Gwen Stefani;mom
My mom used to say that Greek Easter was later because then you get stuff cheaper.;Amy Sedaris;mom
As far as I'm concerned, there's no job more important on the planet than being a mom.;Mark Wahlberg;mom
I didn't come from a trailer park. I grew up middle class and my dad had money and my mom made my lunch. I got a car when I was sixteen. I'm proud of that.;Kid Rock;mom
I did find some time to go to a record store and check out 'Headstrong' actually in the racks. It was pretty cool I never thought I'd see my own CD sitting there with everyone else's. I made my Mom take lots of pics!;Ashley Tisdale;mom
Once in high school, I completely over plucked my left eyebrow all the way up to where you're not supposed to. I had no idea what I was doing and it looked terrible! My mom was like 'What did you do to yourself?' I was so embarrassed.;Ashley Tisdale;mom
The 'believe' tattoo is because my mom always told me to believe.;Ashley Tisdale;mom
My mom is very confident and she was always a role model of mine.;Ashley Tisdale;mom
My mom put me and my sisters in the water to feel comfortable, to have water safety.;Michael Phelps;mom
Even in high school, I'd tell my mom I was sick of swimming and wanted to try to play golf. She wasn't too happy. She'd say, 'Think about this.' And I'd always end up getting back in the pool.;Michael Phelps;mom
My humanitarian work evolved from being with my family. My mom, my dad, they really set a great example for giving back. My mom was a nurse, my dad was a school teacher. But my mom did a lot of things for geriatrics and elderly people. She would do home visits for free.;Cat Cora;mom
Growing up, my ideals were Barbra Streisand, Cher, and my mom.;Kevyn Aucoin;mom
My mom insisted on multigrain bread and never allowed soda in the house.;Vin Diesel;mom
I was always at peace because of the way my mom treated me.;Martina Hingis;mom
Come Christmas Eve, we usually go to my mom and dad's. Everybody brings one gift and then we play that game when we all steal it from each other. Some are really cool, others are useful and some are a bit out there.;Amy Grant;mom
Depending on what day of the week it is and what time of the month it is, I'm a good friend or not a good friend. I'm more or less a good mom or not a good mom, more or less a good mate or not a good mate. That's just life, whether or not you're public.;Amy Grant;mom
My mom's discipline worked out perfectly. I wouldn't change a thing.;will.i.am;mom
My mom's never been married. I've never even seen my mom kiss a dude.;will.i.am;mom
If you would ask my mom what books I liked growing up, I liked Dr. Seuss.;will.i.am;mom
I was born and raised in East Los Angeles by a single mom who had three biological kids and adopted four more. I never met my dad.;will.i.am;mom
When I got into junior high school, that's when my mom let me dress how I wanted to dress. Up to that point I wore suits to school all the time.;will.i.am;mom
I remember when I was 11, I told my mom, 'One day I'm going to buy you a house.' And she said, 'Boy, don't you be making promises you can't keep.' I was like: 'No, Ma, it's not a promise. I'm going to buy you a house one day.';will.i.am;mom
These days it's cool to be ethnic and to be different, but when I was a kid, it was not cool - at all. My friends would come over and my mom would make crepes with eggs, stuffed with mozzarella cheese, tomatoes and spinach. And they'd be like, 'What is this?';Giada De Laurentiis;mom
Every time I think I have something under control, it changes and I don't have it under control. I think it takes several years to get there. Jade is 19 months old, so right now I'm on alert all the time. And as a mom I think you're constantly worrying about things.;Giada De Laurentiis;mom
Mom and Pop were just a couple of kids when they got married. He was eighteen, she was sixteen and I was three.;Billie Holiday;mom
I must admit, even though I'm the product of two Jewish parents, I think the Irish temper got in there somewhere, so I'm going to check Mom's genealogy.;Harvey Weinstein;mom
I didn't know my Dad - he moved out early. And my mom's politics were kind of hardscrabble. She didn't think about Democrats or Republicans. She thought about who made sense. I've been both in my life.;Dennis Miller;mom
With my new venture, Club Mom, we want to empower moms to feel their value and also build their collective power to make their lives better and easier. We want to bring them together as a community to share experiences and information.;Andrew Shue;mom
Because sorry to say, women run the house. They run the family. They hold things up. I mean, it's like you don't ever see your mom get sick because she handles everything. And it's kind of amazing I think to show people just how strong women are.;Sophia Bush;mom
I'm lucky that my real-life Mom has both a great sense of humor about herself and an amazing ability to slip into complete denial if the subject matter gets a little too close to home.;Cathy Guisewite;mom
I'm more straightforward, and I speak up more than I did before. When I was younger, I wouldn't speak up as much, but now that I'm a mom, things have changed.;Britney Spears;mom
My mom is going to kill me for talking about sleeping with people. But I don't want to put myself in the position where I'm in a monogamous relationship right now. I'm not dating just one person. 'Sex and the City' changed everything for me because those girls would sleep with so many people.;Lindsay Lohan;mom
President Obama's fight for rural America is personal. He was raised by a single mom and grandparents from Kansas. He hails from a farming state, Illinois.;Tom Vilsack;mom
I don't have anything against my mom, but my family has no emotional connection to each other.;Adam Carolla;mom
My mom was on welfare and the occasional food stamp, but I have never participated in any of those governmental programs, even the ones that kind of work like education, scholarships and whatever, and I managed to do just fine.;Adam Carolla;mom
I love being a single mom. But it's definitely different when you're dating.;Brooke Burns;mom
Yes, I always remember my dad's, mom's and my grandma's perfumes.;Marc Jacobs;mom
Financial hardships were rough on us, even though Mom had a good job at G.M.;Ryan White;mom
It was always a fantasy of mine growing up - my favorite program was always 'Little House on the Prairie' - so I always wanted to wear those looks. When I was a child, I wouldn't let my mom put me in anything but calico dresses and now... whaddaya know, every day I'm in a calico dress, basically, so it's kind of funny.;Chloe Sevigny;mom
You do need parental guidance and I was in a great position with both my mum and dad. They split when I was a baby but even though I stayed with my mom they were both very much involved in my upbringing.;Leonardo DiCaprio;mom
My mom always says, 'If you don't believe in something, you'll lose yourself completely.';Hilary Duff;mom
I was thinking that when I have children, that I should always dress as a character for them, so they think their mom is Alice in Wonderland or Cinderella.;Gwen Stefani;mom
It's superfun being a mom, but it's hard too.;Gwen Stefani;mom
Being a mom is hard, I think a lot of working moms feel that way.;Gwen Stefani;mom
