The rights of democracy are not reserved for a select group within society, they are the rights of all the people.;Olof Palme;society
We have the opportunity to move not only toward the rich society and the powerful society, but upward to the Great Society.;Lyndon B. Johnson;society
I am concerned about the whole man. I am concerned about what the people, using their government as an instrument and a tool, can do toward building the whole man, which will mean a better society and a better world.;Lyndon B. Johnson;society
I am against marriage, and I don't give a fig for society.;Brigitte Bardot;society
No emancipation without that of society.;Theodor Adorno;society
Not only is the self entwined in society it owes society its existence in the most literal sense.;Theodor Adorno;society
But with the steady disintegration of the family in modern society over the last century, the role of the school in bridging the gap has become vital!;Stephen Covey;society
Rude contact with facts chased my visions and dreams quickly away, and in their stead I beheld the horrors, the corruption, the evils and hypocrisy of society, and as I stood among them, a young wife, a great wail of agony went out from my soul.;Victoria Woodhull;society
Murder is unique in that it abolishes the party it injures, so that society has to take the place of the victim and on his behalf demand atonement or grant forgiveness it is the one crime in which society has a direct interest.;W. H. Auden;society
I think it's child abuse to have someone in the public eye too young. Society basically values wealth and fame and power at the cost of well-being. In the case of a child, it's at the cost of someone's natural development. It's already hard enough to develop.;Alanis Morissette;society
A great revolution in just one single individual will help achieve a change in the destiny of a society and, further, will enable a change in the destiny of humankind.;Daisaku Ikeda;society
I think we risk becoming the best informed society that has ever died of ignorance.;Ruben Blades;society
This avidity alone, of acquiring goods and possessions for ourselves and our nearest friends, is insatiable, perpetual, universal, and directly destructive of society.;David Hume;society
Power is not an institution, and not a structure neither is it a certain strength we are endowed with it is the name that one attributes to a complex strategical situation in a particular society.;Michel Foucault;society
Activist government overreach and ongoing economic stagnation have shown us why Washington should not try to displace what is best left to civil society.;Paul Ryan;society
Be able to be alone. Lose not the advantage of solitude, and the society of thyself.;Thomas Browne;society
In a free society the state does not administer the affairs of men. It administers justice among men who conduct their own affairs.;Walter Lippmann;society
There is no higher value in our society than integrity.;Arlen Specter;society
The question of the family now divides our society so deeply that the opposing sides cannot even agree on a definition of the institution they are arguing about.;Christopher Lasch;society
Although images of perfection in people's personal lives can cause unhappiness, images of perfect societies - utopian images - can cause monstrous evil. In fact, forcefully changing society to conform to societal images was the greatest cause of evil in the twentieth century.;Dennis Prager;society
There can be hope only for a society which acts as one big family, not as many separate ones.;Anwar Sadat;society
We live in a disposable society. It's easier to throw things out than to fix them. We even give it a name - we call it recycling.;Neil LaBute;society
The proletarian woman fights hand in hand with the man of her class against capitalist society.;Clara Zetkin;society
All societies on the verge of death are masculine. A society can survive with only one man no society will survive a shortage of women.;Germaine Greer;society
My fellow Americans, you have to decide what kind of country you want to live in. If you want a you're on your own, winner take all society you should support the Republican ticket. If you want a country of shared opportunities and shared responsibilities - a 'we're all in it together' society, you should vote for Barack Obama and Joe Biden.;William J. Clinton;society
America's a very traumatized society.;Alanis Morissette;society
I push every day against forces that say you have to go faster, be more effective, be more productive, you have to constantly outdo yourself, you have to constantly outdo your neighbor - all of the stuff that creates an incredibly productive society, but also a very neurotic one.;Elizabeth Gilbert;society
Women are treated differently by society for exactly the same reason that children and the mentally handicapped are treated differently.;Scott Adams;society
Class is not a fixed designation in this country. We are an upwardly mobile society with a lot of movement between income groups.;Paul Ryan;society
That's what the Romney plan is all about, how to get jobs created, how to get this debt and deficit under control, how to revive small businesses so we can create jobs, and how to bring growth and opportunity to society instead of this class warfare, instead of speaking to people like they're stuck in some class or station in life.;Paul Ryan;society
In the society, where people are just parts in a larger machine, individuals are unable to develop fully.;Friedrich Schiller;society
The winner of the hoop race will be the first to realize her dream, not society's dream, her own personal dream.;Barbara Bush;society
Obscenity, which is ever blasphemy against the divine beauty in life, is a monster for which the corruption of society forever brings forth new food, which it devours in secret.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;society
Half of the secular unrest and dismal, profane sadness of modern society comes from the vain ideas that every man is bound to be a critic for life.;Henry Van Dyke;society
If a person is homosexual by nature - that is, if one's sexuality is as intrinsic a part of one's identity as gender or skin color - then society can no more deny a gay person access to the secular rights and religious sacraments because of his homosexuality than it can reinstate Jim Crow.;Jon Meacham;society
I am now quite cured of seeking pleasure in society, be it country or town. A sensible man ought to find sufficient company in himself.;Emily Bronte;society
Until we get equality in education, we won't have an equal society.;Sonia Sotomayor;society
Society is not a disease, it is a disaster. What a stupid miracle that one can live in it.;Emile M. Cioran;society
No society has been able to abolish human sadness, no political system can deliver us from the pain of living, from our fear of death, our thirst for the absolute. It is the human condition that directs the social condition, not vice versa.;Eugene Ionesco;society
Society needs people who can manage projects in addition to handling individual tasks.;Marilyn vos Savant;society
The internet could be a very positive step towards education, organisation and participation in a meaningful society.;Noam Chomsky;society
Happiness is dependent on self-discipline. We are the biggest obstacles to our own happiness. It is much easier to do battle with society and with others than to fight our own nature.;Dennis Prager;society
Aesthetic matters are fundamental for the harmonious development of both society and the individual.;Friedrich Schiller;society
Society can exist only on the basis that there is some amount of polished lying and that no one says exactly what he thinks.;Lin Yutang;society
A society that does not correctly interpret and appreciate its past cannot understand its present fortunes and adversities and can be caught unawares in a fast changing world.;Ibrahim Babangida;society
But hey, when you live in Watts, you need a little smack to get by, you know what I mean? You need something soft and comfortable in your life, 'cause you're not going to get it from what's around you. And society isn't going to give it to you.;Jerry Garcia;society
The forces in a capitalist society, if left unchecked, tend to make the rich richer and the poor poorer.;Jawaharlal Nehru;society
Without memory, there is no culture. Without memory, there would be no civilization, no society, no future.;Elie Wiesel;society
That's one of the cool things about fame. You have an affect on society and where it goes.;Jeff Bridges;society
The test of one's behavior pattern is their relationship to society, relationship to work and relationship to sex.;Alfred Adler;society
In my view, there is nothing more vicious and outrageous than the abuse, exploitation and harm of the most vulnerable members of our society, and I firmly believe that our nation's laws and resources need to reflect the seriousness of these terrible crimes.;Bob Ney;society
The instinct of nearly all societies is to lock up anybody who is truly free. First, society begins by trying to beat you up. If this fails, they try to poison you. If this fails too, the finish by loading honors on your head.;Jean Cocteau;society
There are many who lust for the simple answers of doctrine or decree. They are on the left and right. They are not confined to a single part of the society. They are terrorists of the mind.;A. Bartlett Giamatti;society
American society will never completely understand the true meaning of equality.;Bryant H. McGill;society
Congress acknowledged that society's accumulated myths and fears about disability and disease are as handicapping as are the physical limitations that flow from actual impairment.;William J. Brennan, Jr.;society
This is the greatest society in all of human history, the greatest country ever. Many of the decisions being made in Washington today by both parties are threatening that greatness. And if we stay on this road we're on right now, our children are going to be the first Americans ever to inherit a diminished country.;Marco Rubio;society
America is the story of everyday people who did extraordinary things. A story woven deep into the fabric of our society.;Marco Rubio;society
All that is needed to set us definitely on the road to a Fascist society is war. It will of course be a modified form of Fascism at first.;John T. Flynn;society
Ironing boards are a classic example of something I find horrible about modern society: the excitementation, for want of a better word, of mundane things.;Daniel Radcliffe;society
In our increasingly secular society, with so many disparate gods and different faiths, superhero films present a unique canvas upon which our shared hopes, dreams and apocalyptic nightmares can be projected and played out.;Tom Hiddleston;society
For too long in this society, we have celebrated unrestrained individualism over common community.;Joe Biden;society
Historians and archaeologists will one day discover that the ads of our time are the richest and most faithful reflections that any society ever made of its entire range of activities.;Marshall McLuhan;society
The regeneration of society is the regeneration of society by individual education.;Jean de la Bruyere;society
In many respects, the United States is a great country. Freedom of speech is protected more than in any other country. It is also a very free society.;Noam Chomsky;society
I believe we should work to end all racism in American society and staunchly defend the inherent rights of every person.;Rand Paul;society
When we talk of freedom and opportunity for all nations, the mocking paradoxes in our own society become so clear they can no longer be ignored.;Wendell Willkie;society
Diversity in the world is a basic characteristic of human society, and also the key condition for a lively and dynamic world as we see today.;Jinato Hu;society
I am privileged to be a citizen of the single greatest society in all of human history.;Marco Rubio;society
We live in an image society. Speeches are not what anybody cares about what they care about is the picture.;Madeleine Albright;society
But without a caring society, without each citizen voluntarily accepting the weight of responsibility, government is destined to grow even larger, taking more of your money, burrowing deeper into your lives.;Jeb Bush;society
To understand how any society functions you must understand the relationship between the men and the women.;Angela Davis;society
Death is always around the corner, but often our society gives it inordinate help.;Carter Burwell;society
It's a repressive society where you can't be horrible, I'm not horrible, they made me horrible, I'm just honest.;Johnny Rotten;society
Joanna points her camera at a section of society unused to having cameras pointed at it. But I don't know about categorizing them in terms of class I'm a bit wary of that. My dad is the son of a shipbuilder.;Tom Hiddleston;society
I don't have any well-developed philosophy about journalism. Ultimately it is important in a society like this, so people can know about everything that goes wrong.;Charles Kuralt;society
The runway symbolizes something in society that's very intimidating to women.;Tyra Banks;society
We've turned into a whining society.;Billy Corgan;society
What is called good society is usually nothing but a mosaic of polished caricatures.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;society
Solitude is better than the society of evil persons.;Abu Bakr;society
In a society that tries to standardize thinking, individuality is not highly prized.;Alex Grey;society
I say the law should be blind to race, gender and sexual orientation, just as it claims to be blind to wealth and power. There should be no specially protected groups of any kind, except for children, the severely disabled and the elderly, whose physical frailty demands society's care.;Camille Paglia;society
Advertising reflects the mores of society, but it does not influence them.;David Ogilvy;society
The political core of any movement for freedom in the society has to have the political imperative to protect free speech.;Bell Hooks;society
What's done to children, they will do to society.;Karl A. Menninger;society
The class distinctions proper to a democratic society are not those of rank or money, still less, as is apt to happen when these are abandoned, of race, but of age.;W. H. Auden;society
Society lives by faith, and develops by science.;Henri Frederic Amiel;society
The model of ownership, in a society organized round mass consumption, is addiction.;Christopher Lasch;society
Our notion of the perfect society embraces the family as its center and ornament, and this paradise is not secure until children appear to animate and complete the picture.;Amos Bronson Alcott;society
Patriotism is an ephemeral motive that scarcely ever outlasts the particular threat to society that aroused it.;Denis Diderot;society
The worker is the slave of capitalist society, the female worker is the slave of that slave.;James Connolly;society
Sex is the mysticism of materialism and the only possible religion in a materialistic society.;Malcolm Muggeridge;society
The first duty of society is to give each of its members the possibility of fulfilling his destiny. When it becomes incapable of performing this duty it must be transformed.;Alexis Carrel;society
Prison continues, on those who are entrusted to it, a work begun elsewhere, which the whole of society pursues on each individual through innumerable mechanisms of discipline.;Michel Foucault;society
But, on the other hand, I get bored with racism too and recognize that there are still many things to be said about a Black person and a White person loving each other in a racist society.;Audre Lorde;society
I can't imagine what it is like to be raised in a society where their only statues that exist are to you and your father.;Madeleine Albright;society
The magic of America is that we're a free and open society with a mixed population. Part of our security is our freedom.;Madeleine Albright;society
There are many things that people do happily that I can't imagine why they would do it... But I have to say that even though I am critical or judgmental of society at large, I'm not critical of people individually. We are who we are.;Ian MacKaye;society
A system that was originally designed to support the poorest in society is now trapping them in the very condition it was supposed to alleviate.;Iain Duncan Smith;society
Without intervention today, the cost of care for adults with autism will be significantly greater and the burden will no longer lie with the parents, but on our entire society.;Jenny McCarthy;society
