At root fame is a sham. I'm not going to live forever and if I am I certainly need don't you to tell me that so that I will buy a car or a box of dried up crackers.;Nick Mancuso;car
When you're in the car, how well you do is down to you and you alone-no band, no management, no marketing.;Nick Mason;car
I went to watch my father at Silverstone in the early 1950s, and I've still got the car he was in.;Nick Mason;car
I was brought up in a car family, my dad loved cars and I was taught the art of making an Austin 7 operate.;Nick Mason;car
The GTO is such an important car because it's a racing car and a touring car and that's pretty unusual.;Nick Mason;car
In real life, one of my friends was killed in a car accident during our sophomore year.;Beverley Mitchell;car
I wasn't one to go out and buy a new car and stereo system and expensive clothes. My mom helped keep me grounded.;Christina Applegate;car
What's monotonous about being an actor and often makes me want to throw in the towel or drive a car off a bridge is the auditioning - the waiting around.;Chris Messina;car
I'm ashamed to say this, but I watched every episode of 'Starsky and Hutch' as a kid. I loved that show, but now I think it's stupid - they'd have a car chase for no reason, then Paul Michael Glaser would shoot the car and it would blow up.;Shane Black;car
Especially in the car ride to and from gym. I find myself spacing out a lot, just visualizing what the Olympics would be like and just having such great role models.;Aly Raisman;car
Most women's pictures are as boring and as formulaic as men's pictures. In place of a car chase or a battle scene, what you get is an extreme closeup of a woman breaking down.;Frances McDormand;car
Here is a new car, a new iPhone. We buy. We discard. We buy again. In recent years, we've been doing it faster.;Arlie Russell Hochschild;car
After wrestling with myself for six months, I began medical treatment. During that time I started a band with some friends of mine called Jack's Car, but that didn't last.;Jack Irons;car
Everything officers go through in any chase anywhere in the country, but amped up 100 times! I'm right in the thick of things in a car going like 80 miles an hour, and doing 360s in the middle of the road. It was a wild ride.;Amy Weber;car
I once bought an old car back after I sold it because I missed it so much and I had forgotten that it never ran. It was a British racing car. You know, because I just wanted it back. I could only remember what was good about it.;Connie Chung;car
You can't show me an ad on TV with hard bodies and say I have to buy that car. You have to tell me why that car is better and safer than another car.;Doris Roberts;car
Just because you put higher-octane gasoline in your car doesn't mean you can break the speed limit. The speed limit's still 65.;Neil Sheehan;car
So for a year I spent all my time hiding from Jack Charlton in the car park practising my skills.;Craig Johnston;car
So I did in fact spend two and a half years in the Middlesbrough car park practising skills. But if you spend four or five or six hours a day practising, you get better.;Craig Johnston;car
My sporting hero was Drazen Petrovic, the NBA basketball player, who was killed in a car accident in 1993. He was a good friend, an unbelievable player, and I dedicated my Wimbledon win to him.;Goran Ivanisevic;car
Driving race cars was an avenue for me to learn how to build my own car, and that was my ambition all along.;Caroll Shelby;car
I've always been asked, 'What is my favorite car?' and I've always said 'The next one.';Caroll Shelby;car
The best car safety device is a rear-view mirror with a cop in it.;Dudley Moore;car
Every job has its downside. For example, being in a band the travel part of it - getting picked up from your house in a car, going to the airport, getting on a plane, going from the airplane to a van, then going from the van to a hotel.;Dave Lombardo;car
Switching over to a hybrid car is one of those right things, but, unfairly or not, it still has a reputation among car enthusiasts as something you have to pedal really fast when you're on the ramp merging into traffic on the 401.;Linwood Barclay;car
Al Gore, the former vice-president of the United States, lives in a mansion that uses more electricity than the average family's bungalow! David Suzuki rides on a bus that uses more fuel than a Smart car to get across Canada! Oh my God! And this is just the tip of the vanishing iceberg!;Linwood Barclay;car
When you buy a gallon of gas, over 60 percent of the energy you pay for goes out the radiator in the form of waste heat? That's why you have a radiator in your car in the first place.;Wilson Greatbatch;car
I have been in Formula One for 12 years, and out of that I had one year with the perfect car.;Michael Schumacher;car
Racing a thoroughbred grand prix car in front of a home crowd will be a surreal and mighty experience.;Nigel Mansell;car
The preparation, commitment and desire to win will be no less than the last time I drove a grand prix car in anger.;Nigel Mansell;car
It's sad that women characters have lost so much ground in popular movies. Didn't 'Thelma and Louise' prove that women want to see women doing things on film? Thelma and Louise were in a classic car they were being chased by cops they shot up a truck - and women loved it.;Robin Quivers;car
The very first time I was on a car in Atlanta, I saw the conductor - all conductors are white - ask a Negro woman to get up and take a seat farther back in order to make a place for a white man. I have also seen white men requested to leave the Negro section of the car.;Ray Stannard Baker;car
I'm a car singer, in fact sometimes I pretend to take my dog out for a walk, and I'll just drive him around and start singin'.;Casey Abrams;car
My car and my adding machine understand nothing: they are not in that line of business.;John Searle;car
I will argue that in the literal sense the programmed computer understands what the car and the adding machine understand, namely, exactly nothing.;John Searle;car
I talk to myself, especially in the car.;Chris Pine;car
You look at the steamboat, the railroad, the car, the airplane - not all of these were invented in the Anglo-American world, but they were popularized and extended by it. They were made possible by the financial architecture, the capital intensive operations invented and developed by the Anglo-Americans.;Walter Russell Mead;car
In high school, during marathon phone conversations, cheap pizza dinners and long suburban car rides, I began to fall for boys because of who they actually were, or at least who I thought they might become.;J. Courtney Sullivan;car
I hate to play the I-live-in-the-country card, but it really takes all of the 'pack the kids into the car and run from here to there' out of the equation.;Ree Drummond;car
Yeah, it's risky, but no more risky than driving a car.;Cory Lidle;car
A car to pick me up every day, a chair with my name on it, everybody being very polite... what can you do except sit back and watch it all, try to take it all in?;Charles Dance;car
Yeah, well I think anyone who likes fast cars will love the Tesla. And it has fantastic handling by the way. I mean this car will crush a Porsche on the track, just crush it. So if you like fast cars, you'll love this car. And then oh, by the way, it happens to be electric and it's twice the efficiency of a Prius.;Elon Musk;car
I look at the car park and myself and Dave Watson come in with our old cars, and these young lads come in with their new Porches. I think that society has changed, there seems to be a lack of respect nowadays.;Richard Gough;car
There are people who own cars and are getting free cell phones. A car helps one find a job, too. Where do you draw the line?;Timothy Griffin;car
See, what you're meant to do when you have a mid-life crisis is buy a fast car, aren't you? Well, I've always had fast cars. It's not that. It's the fear that you're past your best. It's the fear that the stuff you've done in the past is your best work.;Robbie Coltraine;car
When they searched my car, they said that they found a gasoline canister and I think duct tape. Who wouldn't have a gasoline canister on them when driving 3,000 miles across country?;Sherman Austin;car
The alarm rings 4:45, again at 5, but I wake up 4:30 naturally. Shower, shave, orange juice, perk my own coffee, hear the news, and the CBS car arrives 5:30.;Charlie Rose;car
Every time I copy something, I can draw it for the rest of my life. But research is so painful - I mean just opening up a magazine looking for a picture of a car or looking out the window looking for a car is just hard!;Jaime Hernandez;car
I like to sing around the bonfire, in my car and in the shower.;Jessica Pare;car
Can you imagine a guy breaking into your car, and he steals your guitar case 'cause he thinks it's a guitar, and he gets it home and opens it up and there's a rake inside it, an electric toilet plunger and a dog skull? That actually happened.;Eugene Chadbourne;car
There's a lot of stress... but once you get in the car, all that goes out the window.;Dan Brown;car
I hate the outdoors. To me the outdoors is where the car is.;Will Durst;car
Men are superior to women, for one thing they can urinate from a speeding car.;Will Durst;car
Since September 11, security has been increased everywhere, and we have new IDs to get on to the Fox lot. I drove to the security gate, but realized I'd left my ID in my other car. I just broke into that voice - 'Hey, man, I'm Bart Simpson. Who else sounds like this?' The guard waved me through.;Nancy Cartwright;car
Unfortunately we don't have all the bits and pieces on the car that we had hoped to have by this stage so we've got to make as good a job as we can with what we have and we feel we are doing well with that at the moment.;David Leslie;car
But now I feel off the grid. I feel that I am not part of the culture. And because I don't have a car I don't really go anywhere to buy things. In fact, I have been in a slow process of selling and giving away everything I own.;Vincent Kartheiser;car
I've got a great team of engineers behind this race car. I've got a great bunch of mechanics that make it reliable. This car is developed to go out there and be better than the Reynard, and I feel that it is.;Al Unser;car
I did 10 years of comedies and 10 years of Westerns. I really like to stay away from car chases. I prefer the more intimate film. You have a much more direct association with the emotions.;Elmer Bernstein;car
We're one of the forces that causes actors to fasten seat belts before they take off chasing the bad guy in the car... or removes some of the cigarette smoking on television.;Gerald McRaney;car
I promise you a police car on every sidewalk.;Marion Berry;car
The car is a character in the piece - I've never liked the car, I submitted to it's objectionable popularity.;Paul M. Glaser;car
I can't find my car keys in the morning. Trying to get out of my house is a nightmare. 'Where's my wallet? Where are my keys? I have to go find a missing person.';Anthony LaPaglia;car
I get bored. We seem to have been having a little bit more time off this winter than last winter. I'm always itching to get back in the car. It's going to get harder, so I've got to make sure that I'm doing everything I possibly can do to make sure I can start next season how I ended this season.;Dan Wheldon;car
Then as everything, like I say, things started to come together, when things started to go our way, that's when you results started to come. I was no different driver. I was certainly learning every time I went in the car.;Dan Wheldon;car
I don't drive around London much. Any journey around Islington involves hundreds of speed bumps that seem to tear the bottom of your car off.;Alan Davies;car
Being an actress is similar to trying to fit in with the popular kids in high school. You're expected to drive the right car, wear the right clothes and say the right things.;Lauren Ambrose;car
There's an unseen force which lets birds know when you've just washed your car.;Denis Norden;car
I think we'll be in pretty good shape. We've got the same car we ran in all the speedway races since 2001, and it's been a real good car for us. It's led every race we've been in.;Sterling Marlin;car
A guy came to the shop every day. A lot of guys put the foam like stuff that forms to you, kinda like the Indy car guys run. He fitted it up and it felt real good, so we're going to try to run it.;Sterling Marlin;car
Luck, like a Russian car, generally only works if you push it.;Tom Holt;car
When I'm in the car and somebody comes on the radio singing the high notes, I try to sing along.;Burton Cummings;car
Competition among insurers would bring down the cost of health care insurance, just as it brings down the cost of car or homeowners insurance.;Andrew P. Harris;car
So the first thing that I thought about was, 'How is this car going to handle?' But then after I'd been driving with it and practicing with it and I accomplished that, then I just kind of sat back.;Sean William Scott;car
We don't have any CGI with any of the car stuff. I think it's a real experience when you see this car going through really fast really wild and you see me driving a lot of the times and also a big chase in downtown Atlanta. It's just incredible.;Sean William Scott;car
I've still got that little freedom part of me that wants to have a car that looks really sexy.;Patrice O'Neal;car
I haven't got a car or a house. I've got a wife, but I didn't pay for her! I spend all my money on my glorious wife. She's here with a knife at my throat!;Mackenzie Crook;car
I had some vague memory of visiting Canberra as a lad, when we came up with my father by car. But when I made the long train journey from Sydney to Canberra and arrived at the little stop, I did wonder slightly whether this really was the national capital.;John Henry Carver;car
Normally in dangerous situations I have a getaway car.;Sacha Baron Cohen;car
Doorman - a genius who can open the door of your car with one hand, help you in with the other, and still have one left for the tip.;Dorothy Kilgallen;car
We also listen to PJ Harvey a lot of driving music. You need something a little more relaxing in the car.;Brody Armstrong;car
I never had the high-paying job or the company car. It took me over a decade to pay off my student loans. I never had to worry about where to dock my yacht to reduce my taxes.;Christine O'Donnell;car
'Blind Curve,' the book I'm working on now, sprang from a crazy incident that happened to me last year while on my book tour. I was pulled out of my car for a minor traffic violation - an incident that escalated into my being thrown into cuffs and told I was going to jail. Except in my story, the hero doesn't get off as easily as I did.;Andrew Gross;car
I prefer to sing in the shower vs. the car. The shower is just steam, you know, its just you, and nature, and no clothing. You know, there's nothing separating you. It's just you, and the voice - you, and the water.;Jacob Lusk;car
I am really looking forward to driving another of my father?s car at the show in Rotterdam.;Nelson Piquet;car
We couldn't get the car back until well after the end of the race and we had very little time for repairs.;John Surtees;car
Obviously the first sentiment is disappointment that we didn't get the car home and more disappointment that at the time that it stopped the car was in the lead.;John Surtees;car
I get appalled when I see good drivers being left on the sidelines because they haven't come up with the half million to a million to put themselves in a competitive car.;John Surtees;car
When I get in the car I love my wife and kids more than anything, but I'm not thinking about that side of things. I'm thinking about the car, I'm thinking about the race and I'm thinking about how to make the car faster.;Scott Dixon;car
Cotton Owens was leading and daddy was second. They came up on me and I moved over to let them pass. Cotton went on, but daddy bumped me in the rear and my car went right into the wall.;Richard Petty;car
To have some idea what it's like, stand in the outside lane of a motorway, get your mate to drive his car at you at 95 mph and wait until he's 12 yards away, before you decide which way to jump.;Geoffrey Boycott;car
I was encouraged to hear that GM has made great progress on the hydrogen car.;Albert Wynn;car
When the car's going well, I purr like a kitten.;Buddy Rice;car
It's pretty cool to be able to hang out with the President and have the race-winning car on the South Lawn.;Buddy Rice;car
There was a time in L.A. when I drove to 7-Eleven to go grocery shopping, and I locked my keys in my car, which wasn't insured. My wallet was in there, and I couldn't call AAA, because I only had $7 in my bank account. It was one of those moments where I was like, 'O.K., I literally have nothing right now.';Whitney Cummings;car
I'm not good at normal things. I can't drive a car. I couldn't read till I was 10.;Michael Lindsay-Hogg;car
It's like, once you've seen Tom Hanks win the Golden Globes, the Oscars, you've seen his wife, what kind of car he drives, when you watch his movies, you can't fully get really lost in them.;Justin Theroux;car
When I was a kid, the only way I saw movies was from the back seat of my family's car at the drive-in.;Forest Whitaker;car
The trick at Le Mans is to get the car 'in the window.' Everything is critical: the tyre pressure, the brake temperature, and that means you have to push the car a lot to get it into the window - it's about getting everything to work right and getting the car to flow through the corners.;Tom Kristensen;car
I like to sing in the car with the windows rolled down and hair blowing all over my face.;Lauren Alaina;car
