The intelligence investigation under the leadership of Senator Church, which I know has helped cause this investigation by you, points out that the agencies did not disclose certain facts to us and that certain plots were going on.;John Sherman Cooper;leadership
Music is all about leadership and there ain't really a lot of leaders.;Young Jeezy;leadership
We need real leadership, Democrat, Republican and independent to stand up and say, we have to live within our means.;Tom Coburn;leadership
One of the things about leadership is that you've got to show up. And if you want to be president of the United States you've got to make a case to the American people that Barack Obama needs to be dismissed from his position.;Tim Pawlenty;leadership
At a time when we are facing threats from nations such as North Korea and Iran, and attempting to convince others such as India and Pakistan to become responsible nuclear powers, it is vital that America reclaims the leadership we once had on arms control.;Ellen Tauscher;leadership
Germany must be a country which generates political ideas and leadership, which is capable of compromise, which is sovereign and yet knows that it needs its partners on both sides of the Atlantic.;Horst Koehler;leadership
In any case, decisions on troop levels in the American system of government are not made by any general or set of generals but by the civilian leadership of the war effort.;Bill Kristol;leadership
Shouldn't Democrats insist that Sen. Durbin step down as their whip, the number two man in their leadership?;Bill Kristol;leadership
You watch television and see what's going on on this debt ceiling issue. And what I consider to be a total lack of leadership from the President and nothing's going to get fixed until the President himself steps up and wrangles both parties in Congress.;Steve Wynn;leadership
It takes leadership to improve safety. And I started off the movement in my time, but the person who has done more over the past 20 to 30 years and who has led it is Professor Sid Watkins.;Jackie Stewart;leadership
I believe that the will of the people is resolved by a strong leadership. Even in a democratic society, events depend on a strong leadership with a strong power of persuasion, and not on the opinion of the masses.;Yitzhak Shamir;leadership
The world is starving for original and decisive leadership.;Bryant McGill;leadership
I think that all areas of the budget have to be scrubbed. Clearly the entitlement issues have to be reformed and that's an issue that's going to require I think some strong bipartisan cooperation and leadership.;John Thune;leadership
I think that if Republicans are given the reins of leadership in the House or Senate or both, we will have to govern in a way - at least put forward solutions whether or not the president goes along with them or not, that deal with these long-term challenges.;John Thune;leadership
The fact is five months ago this was an issue that people weren't really talking that much about. Because of the president's leadership, because he's brought it to people's attention, it's now a top issue.;Ken Mehlman;leadership
It is with obedience to your call that I take up the burden of government leadership for the final time.;Kamisese Mara;leadership
The Chinese leadership hoped that the world would soon forget the Tiananmen Square massacre. Our job in Congress is to ensure that we never forget those who lost their lives in Tiananmen Square that day or the pro-democracy cause for which they fought.;Tom Lantos;leadership
It is sad that the Republican leadership is not as interested as they say they are in protecting the institution of marriage as they are in waging a campaign to divide and distract the American people from the real issues that need to be addressed.;Kendrick Meek;leadership
The failure of women to have reached positions of leadership has been due in large part to social and professional discrimination.;Rosalyn S. Yalow;leadership
Even after such milestones as Kathryn Bigelow winning an Oscar, there still seem to be few women in leadership roles.;Julia Stiles;leadership
As long as the opposition believes the world will stand with Ukraine's democrat reformers, they will have the leverage and the courage to establish a legitimate republic under the leadership of Viktor Yushchenko.;Bob Schaffer;leadership
People look for their leadership to lead.;Mick Cornett;leadership
Europe is difficult to coordinate, and our main deficit may not even lie in this area of finance and economics, but in foreign and security policy. We have a leadership problem because we are still 27 different members who have still not decided on how to work with each other based on what we used to call a European constitution.;Peer Steinbruck;leadership
Our democracy poses problems and these problems must and shall be solved by courageous leadership.;Charles Edison;leadership
This Congress is simply not doing its job under Republican leadership.;Jim Cooper;leadership
The one thing I have learned as a CEO is that leadership at various levels is vastly different. When I was leading a function or a business, there were certain demands and requirements to be a leader. As you move up the organization, the requirements for leading that organization don't grow vertically they grow exponentially.;Indra Nooyi;leadership
And this administration and this House leadership have said, quote-unquote, they will stop at nothing to pass this health care bill. And now they've gotten rid of me and it will pass. You connect the dots.;Eric Massa;leadership
I am leaving because I have to fight simultaneously a potential recurrence of cancer the Democratic leadership, a health care bill that's going to destroy this country, my opposition to it and a belief that my party has become what it became - what it campaigned against.;Eric Massa;leadership
That is what leadership is all about: staking your ground ahead of where opinion is and convincing people, not simply following the popular opinion of the moment.;Doris Kearns Goodwin;leadership
Because management deals mostly with the status quo and leadership deals mostly with change, in the next century we are going to have to try to become much more skilled at creating leaders.;John P. Kotter;leadership
History has shown that one cannot legislate a culture of integrity. And yet, one of the paramount responsibilities and challenges of corporate leadership is to ensure such a culture.;Preet Bharara;leadership
So, President Obama wants to change America. I understand that. We don't need to change America. We need to change the White House. We need to change the leadership in the White House.;Mario Diaz-Balart;leadership
Through leadership of the fight against French colonialism, Ho Chi Minh had made a name for himself in the international political arena.;Nguyen Cao Ky;leadership
President Bush offers the American people an optimistic vision and a clear choice in November. The President has provided steady leadership in remarkably changing times. He knows exactly where he wants to lead this country, and he has complete confidence in the American people.;Henry Bonilla;leadership
We had a military and political leadership at that period which was genuinely deluded.;Neil Sheehan;leadership
World War II had been such a tremendous success story for this country that the political and military leadership began to assume that they would prevail simply because of who they were. We were like the British at the turn of the 19th century.;Neil Sheehan;leadership
The longer we go without strong leadership from the Administration and until we see significant progress in the day-to-day lives of the Iraqi people, the more difficult it will become to sustain the support of the American people and Congress for the current course.;Dennis Cardoza;leadership
The truth is the Republican leadership has created a credit card Congress that is recklessly selling out the future of America, our children and our grandchildren, and President Bush is the most fiscally irresponsible President in the history of America.;Dennis Cardoza;leadership
Denmark needs change, Denmark needs to move on and Denmark needs my leadership.;Helle Thorning-Schmidt;leadership
America somehow thinks that leadership relates to governance, and it certainly does. But society is much bigger than governance, and some of the truly great leadership of our society is outside the governance arena.;Jim Leach;leadership
The Divine Thing that made itself the foundation of the Church does not seem, to judge by his comments on the religious leadership of his day, to have hoped much from officers of a church.;Charles Williams;leadership
Servant leadership is the foundation and the secret of Sam Walton's ability to achieve team synergy.;Michael Bergdahl;leadership
This - the leadership of the mayor is crucial, because it is to the mayor that people will look to provide the vision, the energy, and the sense of confidence in the rebuilding and the recovery.;Marc Morial;leadership
The public sector certainly includes the Department of Labor. Those are jobs that are available. They are open and they are good paying jobs. The government as a whole has been actually retrenching under President Clinton's leadership.;Alexis Herman;leadership
I made a commitment... both to myself and to some supporters to carefully consider a run for the Liberal leadership for the Liberal Party of Canada.;Dalton McGuinty;leadership
We need the kind of leadership exemplified by President Kennedy to just do it! But we must do it as good stewards, aggressively exerting control over the moon. We can best do this by going there.;Wilson Greatbatch;leadership
The union is much more than me, and when you think the union is you and it's not about who you represent, I think you've sort of lost your morals and focus and the purpose of your leadership.;Andy Stern;leadership
I am not saying that during the Second World War Germany did not, under the leadership of the National Socialist government, commit crimes.;Ernst Zundel;leadership
I am honored that my freshman class colleagues have put their trust in me to represent our historic class at the leadership table. The incoming freshman class of Representatives is large and diverse but we share many common goals including cutting wasteful spending, getting our economy back on track and making government smarter and more efficient.;Kristi Noem;leadership
It's not as if our party has a leadership campaign underway.;Peter MacKay;leadership
Life isn't easy, and leadership is harder still.;Walter Russell Mead;leadership
In the military, I learned that 'leadership' means raising your hand and volunteering for the tough, important assignments.;Tulsi Gabbard;leadership
Instead of begging OPEC to drop its oil prices, let's use American leadership and ingenuity to solve our own energy problems.;Pete Domenici;leadership
To be elected president, you have to do more than tear down your opponents. You have to give the American people a reason to vote for you - a reason to hope - a reason to believe that under your leadership, America will be better.;Mike DeWine;leadership
I don't care tuppence whether I'm forced into a leadership position or not. I'd much sooner not.;E. P. Thompson;leadership
What happened with Hurricane Katrina was the American electorate was forced to look at what lay behind the veneer of chest-beating. We all saw the consequences of having terrible government leadership.;Susan Faludi;leadership
I believe that it is irresponsible, it is basically part of the crisis of leadership in D.C. to not look at Social Security and understand that there has got to be a solution posed. We've got to take a look at it and make sure that we create a solution so our seniors aren't left out in the cold.;Joe Miller;leadership
The President's speech suggested to me that were we to follow his leadership, we will be in Iraq not for months, but for years. I also hope I am wrong on this.;Daniel Inouye;leadership
I'm floored that the House leadership would turn its back on job creation for Mississippians.;Haley Barbour;leadership
I think that my leadership style is to get people to fear staying in place, to fear not changing.;Lou Gerstner;leadership
The school made it very clear that women were entitled to positions of authority. That sense of entitlement allowed us to feel that we have a natural place in leadership in the world. That gave me a mental and emotional confidence.;Linda Vester;leadership
For centuries, America has led the world on a long march toward freedom and democracy. Let's reclaim our clean energy leadership and lead the world toward clean energy independence.;John Garamendi;leadership
Jamal Crawford reminds me the most of myself, the way he goes to the basket. But they need leadership.;Earl Monroe;leadership
In Britain, you do your job. When you do an American TV show, there is a sense of being one with the crew, and there is a leadership element, which was a learning curve for me because it is very different culturally. In Britain, you just do it, leave and say, 'Thanks.';Theo James;leadership
The United States is the most innovative country in the world. But our leadership could slip away if we fail to properly fund primary, secondary and higher education.;Jeff Bingaman;leadership
We have now under President Obama's leadership had 29 months in a row of private sector job growth. That stretch of positive private sector job growth hasn't happened since 2005. We still have a long way to go, but we are moving in the right direction.;Martin O'Malley;leadership
Al Qaeda is not the organization now that it was before. It is under stress organizationally. Its leadership spends more time trying to figure out how to keep from getting caught than they do trying to launch operations.;Cofer Black;leadership
I had a sense of what leadership meant and what it could do for you. So am I surprised that I am sitting up here on the 62nd floor of Rockefeller Plaza? No.;Vernon Jordan;leadership
Yahoo! is the only company with both scale and leadership in branded and search advertising.;Terry Semel;leadership
I think leadership is service and there is power in that giving: to help people, to inspire and motivate them to reach their fullest potential.;Denise Morrison;leadership
Intelligence we gathered at the time indicated that this was in fact leadership and we struck the leadership.;Peter Pace;leadership
There has not yet been a major ground offensive battle... There are, we know, negotiations going on between the opposition forces and the Taliban leadership for surrender.;Peter Pace;leadership
I don't agree with all-male leaderships. Men cannot be left to run things on their own. I think it's a thoroughly bad thing to have a men-only leadership.;Harriet Harman;leadership
Actually, I don't ever think there will be a men-only team of leadership in the Labour party again. People would look at it and say, 'What? Are there no women in the party to be part of the leadership? Do men want to do it all themselves?' It just won't happen again.;Harriet Harman;leadership
My focus as part of the leadership is to keep talking about the independent voters, independent voters - how do we get the independent voters back?;Henry Cuellar;leadership
My four years in the Marine Corps left me with an indelible understanding of the value of leadership skills.;Frederick Smith;leadership
Leadership is simply the ability of an individual to coalesce the efforts of other individuals toward achieving common goals. It boils down to looking after your people and ensuring that, from top to bottom, everyone feels part of the team.;Frederick Smith;leadership
The test of leadership is not to put greatness into humanity, but to elicit it, for the greatness is already there.;James Buchanan;leadership
Whether it was his ability to turn around the Massachusetts economy or turn around businesses in the private sector, Mitt Romney has demonstrated the leadership that we need in the White House to get the country on the right track.;Lisa Murkowski;leadership
Twenty-eight years in business and you understand the importance of problem solving and the importance of efficiency, because if you don't become efficient, you don't run a business well, and you are out of business. And I think some of those principles could be applied to leadership in Washington.;Steve Daines;leadership
As a woman, my style defines my leadership. It's a gentler, more compassionate approach. I consult, I listen and I compromise where it's in the best interest of the citizens.;Kamla Persad-Bissessar;leadership
In terms of the principles of politics, I think I understand well. Thailand needs someone who has leadership, who has the management skills to help the country.;Yingluck Shinawatra;leadership
Bad leadership during the past years has cast on our Party the shadow of great and grave burdens.;Janos Kadar;leadership
I want to see a player on the football field. I want to see what kind of teammate they are, what kind of leadership qualities they have. I want to see how aggressive they are, how much fun they have playing the game.;Roy Clark;leadership
It's very important in a leadership role not to place your ego at the foreground and not to judge everything in relationship to how your ego is fed.;Ruth J. Simmons;leadership
I have spent a lifetime watching kids make mistakes because they were not trained or well led or properly motivated to do well. I never faulted the kids rather, I saw opportunity to train, to motivate, to improve leadership - not to punish the individual.;Eric Shinseki;leadership
I knew I could not maintain that leadership in open struggle against Moscow influence. Only two Communist leaders in history ever succeeded in doing this - Tito and Mao Tse-tung.;Earl Browder;leadership
At an unprecedented time with the worst attack ever on our soil, our President displayed extraordinary determination, leadership and resolve when history was thrust upon him and the United States.;Olympia Snowe;leadership
IBM has taken a leadership role in this area and is prepared to be a technology partner with companies around the world to take advantage of these new developments.;John Patrick;leadership
The next thing is: we can make IBM even better. We brought IBM back but we're gunning for leadership.;Louis Gerstner;leadership
Leadership in telecommunications is also essential, since we are now in the age of e-commerce.;Michael Oxley;leadership
Sport fosters many things that are good teamwork and leadership.;Daley Thompson;leadership
You have to enable and empower people to make decisions independent of you. As I've learned, each person on a team is an extension of your leadership if they feel empowered by you they will magnify your power to lead.;Tom Ridge;leadership
House Republican leadership have refused to allow a clean minimum wage vote. Close to 15 million Americans will be affected if we did this. Do Republicans really expect a family to live on less than $11,000 a year?;Bill Pascrell;leadership
The sentiments in Hawaii about Washington's failure of leadership are no different than the rest of the country.;Ed Case;leadership
The House has passed several bipartisan bills to ensure all Americans have the opportunity to secure a good job to provide for their families. All of these jobs bills deserve the support of our Senators and a strong show of leadership from the president.;Joe Heck;leadership
Party domination and State leadership are concepts incompatible with one another.;Franz von Papen;leadership
Woodrow Wilson called for leaders who, by boldly interpreting the nation's conscience, could lift a people out of their everyday selves. That people can be lifted into their better selves is the secret of transforming leadership.;James MacGregor Burns;leadership
The business manager was doing fine back in his office while they were out on the line, hungry. And, so they started to see a lot of that and there was, that maybe the leadership had its own cause. More so than the miners, you know, it was like a power struggle.;Richard Grimes;leadership
