We say God and the imagination are one... How high that highest candle lights the dark.;Wallace Stevens;imagination
I think my securities far outweigh my insecurities. I am not nearly as afraid of myself and my imagination as I used to be.;Billy Connolly;imagination
I love sci-fi because it leads in the imagination, and I always say it has the most intelligent fans in the world.;Robert Carlyle;imagination
Everything, I think, about acting is based on imagination.;Christina Ricci;imagination
The opportunities of man are limited only by his imagination. But so few have imagination that there are ten thousand fiddlers to one composer.;Charles Kettering;imagination
Imagination is the wide-open eye which leads us always to see truth more vividly.;Christopher Fry;imagination
An opera begins long before the curtain goes up and ends long after it has come down. It starts in my imagination, it becomes my life, and it stays part of my life long after I've left the opera house.;Maria Callas;imagination
You may be sure that the Americans will commit all the stupidities they can think of, plus some that are beyond imagination.;Charles de Gaulle;imagination
Being an actor means asking people to look at you. I guess I accept that. But it's a profession in which the job is to show another world and other people. You may access it through bits of yourself, and your imagination and experience, but actually, in the end, you're not playing yourself.;Ralph Fiennes;imagination
Fear of error which everything recalls to me at every moment of the flight of my ideas, this mania for control, makes men prefer reason's imagination to the imagination of the senses. And yet it is always the imagination alone which is at work.;Louis Aragon;imagination
If we divine a discrepancy between a man's words and his character, the whole impression of him becomes broken and painful he revolts the imagination by his lack of unity, and even the good in him is hardly accepted.;Charles Horton Cooley;imagination
People write memoirs because they lack the imagination to make things up.;Tom Robbins;imagination
Imagination... its limits are only those of the mind itself.;Rod Serling;imagination
Well, I'm not a method actress by any stretch of the imagination so the best thing that I can do is be as real as possible and find whatever commonality in that character that I can see myself.;Rashida Jones;imagination
I would warn you that I do not attribute to nature either beauty or deformity, order or confusion. Only in relation to our imagination can things be called beautiful or ugly, well-ordered or confused.;Baruch Spinoza;imagination
Our democracy, our constitutional framework is really a kind of software for harnessing the creativity and political imagination for all of our people. The American democratic system was an early political version of Napster.;Al Gore;imagination
Vision - It reaches beyond the thing that is, into the conception of what can be. Imagination gives you the picture. Vision gives you the impulse to make the picture your own.;Robert Collier;imagination
Fools act on imagination without knowledge, pedants act on knowledge without imagination.;Alfred North Whitehead;imagination
Kindness and intelligence don't always deliver us from the pitfalls and traps: there are always failures of love, of will, of imagination. There is no way to take the danger out of human relationships.;Barbara Grizzuti Harrison;imagination
Musicals are, by nature, theatrical, meaning poetic, meaning having to move the audience's imagination and create a suspension of disbelief, by which I mean there's no fourth wall.;Stephen Sondheim;imagination
In rising financial markets, the world is forever new. The bull or optimist has no eyes for past or present, but only for the future, where streams of revenue play in his imagination.;James Buchan;imagination
The face of nature and civilization in this our country is to a certain point a very sufficient literary field. But it will yield its secrets only to a really grasping imagination. To write well and worthily of American things one need even more than elsewhere to be a master.;Henry James;imagination
It always amuses me that the biggest praise for my work comes for the imagination, while the truth is that there's not a single line in all my work that does not have a basis in reality. The problem is that Caribbean reality resembles the wildest imagination.;Gabriel Garcia Marquez;imagination
You have to come in and be that character when you walk into the room. That's what one of my first acting teachers taught me. You know, don't go in there being Jennifer and then expect to flip and change, because they're not going to have that imagination.;Jennifer Lopez;imagination
Ghost stories really scare me. I have such a big imagination that after I watch a horror movie like 'The Grudge', I look in the corners of my room for the next two days.;Vanessa Hudgens;imagination
To put yourself in another's place requires real imagination, but by doing so each Girl Scout will be able to love among others happily.;Juliette Gordon Low;imagination
One of the virtues of being very young is that you don't let the facts get in the way of your imagination.;Sam Levenson;imagination
In my wildest imagination, I never thought that the fifth of six children born to Helen and Buddy Watts - in a poor black neighborhood, in the poor rural community of Eufaula, Oklahoma - would someday be called Congressman.;J. C. Watts;imagination
Essentially, I'm untrained, so I just go with my imagination and try to put myself as solidly as I can into the shoes of whatever person I'm going to be playing.;Christian Bale;imagination
I paint what cannot be photographed, that which comes from the imagination or from dreams, or from an unconscious drive.;Man Ray;imagination
I had a good imagination and I still have one a child-like imagination that hasn't gone away.;Laura Linney;imagination
I try to decorate my imagination as much as I can.;Franz Schubert;imagination
As great scientists have said and as all children know, it is above all by the imagination that we achieve perception, and compassion, and hope.;Ursula K. Le Guin;imagination
We are all afraid for our confidence, for the future, for the world. That is the nature of the human imagination. Yet every man, every civilization, has gone forward because of its engagement with what it has set itself to do.;Jacob Bronowski;imagination
I do a lot of curiosity buying I buy it if I like the album cover, I buy it if I like the name of the band, anything that sparks my imagination. I still like to go to record stores, I like to just wander around and I'll buy whatever catches my attention.;Bruce Springsteen;imagination
I do a lot of curiosity buying I buy it if I like the album cover, I buy it if I like the name of the band, anything that sparks my imagination.;Bruce Springsteen;imagination
I always won in my imagination. I always hit the game-winning shot, or I hit the free throw. Or if I missed, there was a lane violation, and I was given another one.;Mike Krzyzewski;imagination
Imagination has a great deal to do with winning.;Mike Krzyzewski;imagination
Our world faces a true planetary emergency. I know the phrase sounds shrill, and I know it's a challenge to the moral imagination.;Al Gore;imagination
The source and center of all man's creative power... is his power of making images, or the power of imagination.;Robert Collier;imagination
I used my imagination to make the grass whatever color I wanted it to be.;Whoopi Goldberg;imagination
I don't want to go on much longer, really. I think that would suggest a lack of imagination. A certain lack of dignity also.;Steven Patrick Morrissey;imagination
You can understand nothing about art, particularly modern art, if you do not understand that imagination is a value in itself.;Milan Kundera;imagination
The past is really almost as much a work of the imagination as the future.;Jessamyn West;imagination
Put off your imagination, as you put off your overcoat, when you enter the laboratory. Put it on again, as you put on your overcoat, when you leave.;Claude Bernard;imagination
Some of us are interested in directors, but really the vast majority of us are interested in actors. You experience the films through the actors, so they're all locked into your imagination in some kind of layer of fantasy or hatred or wherever they settle into your imagination.;Danny Boyle;imagination
You experience the films through the actors, so they're all locked into your imagination in some kind of layer of fantasy or hatred or wherever they settle into your imagination.;Danny Boyle;imagination
It was just very interesting to me that certain types of women inspire people's imagination, and all of them were very difficult women.;Elizabeth Wurtzel;imagination
My imagination, my ability to understand the way love and people grow over time, how passion can surprise and renew, utterly failed me.;Elizabeth Wurtzel;imagination
I know how fiction matters to me, because if I want to express myself, I have to make up a story. Some people call it imagination. To me, it's not imagination. It's just a way of watching.;Haruki Murakami;imagination
Jehovah God is truly rich far beyond the imagination of humankind.;Joseph Franklin Rutherford;imagination
My identity is linked to my grandmother, who's pure Filipino, as pure as you can probably get. And that shaped my imagination. So that's how I identify.;Jessica Hagedorn;imagination
Today the function of the artist is to bring imagination to science and science to imagination, where they meet, in the myth.;Cyril Connolly;imagination
The imagination is part of the arsenal that actors draw from.;Bryan Cranston;imagination
If Copenhagen were a person, that person would be generous, beautiful, elderly, but with a flair. A human being that has certain propensities for quarrelling, filled with imagination and with appetite for the new and with respect for the old - somebody who takes good care of things and of people.;Connie Nielsen;imagination
The four cornerstones of character on which the structure of this nation was built are: Initiative, Imagination, Individuality and Independence.;Eddie Rickenbacker;imagination
Obviously the imagination is fueled by emotions beyond the control of the conscious mind.;Joyce Carol Oates;imagination
Another side to me is this very sexual being. When I look back on my life, it's always been there. It's been there since I was 10 years old, having the imagination that I had.;Janet Jackson;imagination
I had a pretty sexual imagination for a kid.;Janet Jackson;imagination
The English language is nobody's special property. It is the property of the imagination: it is the property of the language itself.;Derek Walcott;imagination
It would be a bitter cosmic joke if we destroy ourselves due to atrophy of the imagination.;Martha Gellhorn;imagination
Novelists are not equipped to make a movie, in my opinion. They make their own movie when they write: they're casting, they're dressing the scene, they're working out where the energy of the scene is coming from and they're also relying tremendously on the creative imagination of the reader.;John le Carre;imagination
I don't think it's possible to touch people's imagination today by aesthetic means.;J. G. Ballard;imagination
To regard the imagination as metaphysics is to think of it as part of life, and to think of it as part of life is to realize the extent of artifice. We live in the mind.;Wallace Stevens;imagination
The most dire disaster in love is the death of imagination.;George Meredith;imagination
People can die of mere imagination.;Geoffrey Chaucer;imagination
I guess I'm a very keen observer, and I'd like to think I have a good imagination.;Eric Bana;imagination
Sometimes a character is really based on research that you do. Other times it's just based on your imagination or perhaps your conversation with the director. Or sometimes all of the above. It depends on the movie and character.;Joaquin Phoenix;imagination
For us artists there waits the joyous compromise through art with all that wounded or defeated us in daily life in this way, not to evade destiny, as the ordinary people try to do, but to fulfil it in its true potential - the imagination.;Lawrence Durrell;imagination
I'm a light sleeper. I've never been one of those people who can put their head down and suddenly everything disappears. Nighttime is the time I get most scared, anxious or worried. In those darker moments before waking or sleeping is when I feel most, I don't know, I can turn on myself, and my imagination can take me dark places.;Florence Welch;imagination
It would be too frightening for me to consider myself a role model. But I like the idea of not being afraid of letting your imagination rule you, to feel the freedom of expression, to let creativity be your overwhelming drive rather than other things.;Florence Welch;imagination
I've got quite a vivid imagination and I'm easily overwhelmed by sensations and things that are beautiful or scary. I don't think I've ever seen a ghost - I think I'm probably haunted by my own ghosts than real ones.;Florence Welch;imagination
It is clear that the pharmaceutical industry is not, by any stretch of the imagination, doing enough to ensure that the poor have access to adequate medical care.;Paul Farmer;imagination
I was raised not to be afraid to show emotion or imagination.;Javier Bardem;imagination
Pulp existed for 12 years before we got famous. Now, you could say that was just lack of imagination, but it's some kind of quality isn't it? Tenacity. You could also say it was sloth.;Jarvis Cocker;imagination
Today mythical thinking has fallen into disrepute we often dismiss it as irrational and self-indulgent. But the imagination is also the faculty that has enabled scientists to bring new knowledge to light and to invent technology that has made us immeasurably more effective.;Karen Armstrong;imagination
I enjoy working on a movie that lets your imagination run wild, it's great to be a part of and watch.;Chris Hemsworth;imagination
I'm not a passive person by any stretch of the imagination.;Courteney Cox;imagination
My greatest strength as a child, I realize now, was my imagination. While every other kid was reading and writing, I had seven whole hours a day to practice my imagination. When do you get that space in your life, ever?;Barbara Corcoran;imagination
If my accent betrayed my foreign birth, it also stamped me as an enemy, in the imagination of the producers.;Bela Lugosi;imagination
Appealing workplaces are to be avoided. One wants a room with no view, so imagination can meet memory in the dark.;Annie Dillard;imagination
I wouldn't say that I've had a tough life by any stretch of the imagination.;Duncan Sheik;imagination
Philosophy and Art both render the invisible visible by imagination.;George Henry Lewes;imagination
I made a real specific decision when I came out of school and most artists were writing about home - if you were a woman, you were writing about being a woman - and I decided not to do that, write about what you know. That's not what I do. I went as far away from home as possible in terms of the development of my imagination.;Anna Deavere Smith;imagination
A discerning eye needs only a hint, and understatement leaves the imagination free to build its own elaborations.;Russell Page;imagination
There is only one admirable form of the imagination: the imagination that is so intense that it creates a new reality, that it makes things happen.;Sean O'Faolain;imagination
For someone who writes fiction, in order to activate the imagination and the unconscious, it's essential to be free.;Manuel Puig;imagination
There is hope in dreams, imagination, and in the courage of those who wish to make those dreams a reality.;Jonas Salk;imagination
Dr. Einstein was not successful in school, but he found something in the air from his own imagination and his own brain power, and look what he did.;Eartha Kitt;imagination
One travels to run away from routine, that dreadful routine that kills all imagination and all our capacity for enthusiasm.;Ella Maillart;imagination
I can get very philosophical and ask the questions Keats was asking as a young guy. What are we here for? What's a soul? What's it all about? What is thinking about, imagination?;Jane Campion;imagination
There's no artist in this world that doesn't enjoy the dream that if they have bad reviews now, the story of Keats can redeem them, in their fantasy or imagination, in the future. I think Keats' poem 'Endymion' is a really difficult poem, and I'm not surprised that a lot of people pulled it apart in a way.;Jane Campion;imagination
I feel that directors at times are like the janitors on the set. I am the secretary, I am the organizer, I am the maid, and I ask if they have eaten or rested. The best things are always out of your control. It's those moments that surpass the imagination that are thrilling.;Jane Campion;imagination
To my mind the boy who gives least promise is one in whom the critical faculty develops in advance of the imagination.;Quintilian;imagination
Every time you get on a stage or in front of a camera, the whole exercise is about imagination. You're constantly depicting something that doesn't exist, and trying to find the reality of it. Once you settle on that premise, everything else is a matter of degrees.;Ron Perlman;imagination
Three centuries after the appearance of Franklin's 'Courant,' it no longer requires a dystopic imagination to wonder who will have the dubious distinction of publishing America's last genuine newspaper. Few believe that newspapers in their current printed form will survive.;Eric Alterman;imagination
To me, it's far more efficient to mobilize the imagination. It's far more efficient to hear a creaking step, for example, than to see the face of a monster, which usually looks ridiculous, and where you know that the blood is ketchup.;Michael Haneke;imagination
Without imagination we can go nowhere. And imagination is not restricted to the arts. Every scientist I have met who has been a success has had to imagine.;Rita Dove;imagination
I would find myself laughing and wondering where these ideas came from. You can call it imagination, I suppose. But I was grateful for wherever they came from.;Amy Tan;imagination
