I like making sci-fi movies because I like watching sci-fi movies. I like watching horror. I like being in a horror movie. I'm a fan. My perspective's a little different just because I get to participate as well as spectate.;Nathan Fillion;movies
I have a trophy case that contains all the action figures ever made of me. It also has items I've stolen from my movies, like three guns and holsters from 'Serenity'.;Nathan Fillion;movies
I've always fantasized about being on TV. And I was. Then I fantasized about being in the movies. What could be better than captain of a space ship? I get to ride horses, shoot guns, have adventures.;Nathan Fillion;movies
For movies to get greenlit solely based on the success of other movies that have a lot of women in them? It's so ridiculous to me.;Kristen Wiig;movies
I do sort of gravitate towards smaller, indie-type movies.;Kristen Wiig;movies
I think people like to see the lives of artists that are legends. They always go through the dark periods and I think just as humans we like to see that and them coming out of it. I love those kinds of movies.;Kristen Wiig;movies
When you're on your deathbed, you probably aren't counting the movies you've made.;Kristen Wiig;movies
I don't rehearse a lot. I try to keep it organic. Even in movies, the less I rehearse, the better I am.;Kristen Wiig;movies
I don't like doing movies, period. Movies are hard. I like TV.;Kathy Griffin;movies
I don't think people have been able to deal with the fact that African American filmmakers can make movies about life and relationships.;Tim Robbins;movies
I have personal beliefs and they are sometimes reflected in the movies I make, but I also reflect other points of view.;Tim Robbins;movies
I enjoy about 1 out of 100 movies, it's about the same proportion to books published that I care to read.;Jim Harrison;movies
The long and short of it is that I am now in a position in England to green light movies, and that's really excellent - not high-budget movies, but movies none the less.;Idris Elba;movies
I had seen movies before that that had made me laugh, but I had never seen anything even remotely close to as funny as Richard Pryor was, just standing there talking.;Joe Rogan;movies
I'm also doing constant book readings, movies. You name it, I'm doing it.;Lynn Redgrave;movies
I was at the end of the studio system so when I walked into movies, I had a magnificent suite in which I had a living room and a kitchen and a complete makeup room. I had everything just for me. With the independents, you're kind of roughing it, literally.;Tippi Hedren;movies
I could really use a corporate sponsor. People think that because you're in the movies, you're rich. I have allocated all my resources to Shambala so the animals will always be safe.;Tippi Hedren;movies
So I do have to work, you know, and I find as many movies and TV shows that I can, because otherwise I wouldn't have an income.;Tippi Hedren;movies
I don't enjoy movies in 3D. I find I can't engage with the story as well.;Guy Pearce;movies
I've been asked to do action-oriented movies in the past and they just haven't been right for me.;Guy Pearce;movies
I like high impact movies.;Kathryn Bigelow;movies
Here's the thing about movies, all movies end up on television. That's their life. Whether you like it or not, I don't care how much money you spend on it, or how big or broad the film is, or who the actors are in it, eventually it's all coming out of the box.;Greg Kinnear;movies
If you're working on a movie, you want it to be projected on the largest tapestry possible, and the sound to be perfect, and for that kind of communal experience of the movies to take place for it.;Greg Kinnear;movies
Audiences don't ever disappoint me, in the sense that movies I feel really good about, they usually feel really good about too.;Greg Kinnear;movies
'Little Miss Sunshine' snowballed. It was a tiny movie. We shot it in 30 days, and it was really fun to do, but it was one of those small movies that you don't hold out huge hope for.;Greg Kinnear;movies
I think America becomes more disgruntled by going to the movies and having an endlessly good time at them.;Fiona Shaw;movies
Movies have to handle time very efficiently. They're about stringing scenes together in the present. Novels aren't necessarily about that.;Richard Russo;movies
I want to be around for a long time, singing and making albums and movies.;Jennifer Hudson;movies
For some reason and I don't know why, but I don't think that I'm funny in California. So I always want to do my movies east somewhere.;Kevin James;movies
I want to do movies that I'm proud of where my kids, at some point, can see and I can feel comfortable sitting there watching it with them. And just that move people. That make people feel a little bit better about themselves when they leave the theatre.;Kevin James;movies
I'm fighting the label of 'Black' actress simply because it's very limiting in people's eyes, especially people who are making movies.;Whoopi Goldberg;movies
I was in television drama, which is a first cousin to the movies, and I trust myself to make the right decisions.;Lee Child;movies
One of the reasons why people - particularly young people - love action movies is because what they are really looking for is justice.;Steven Seagal;movies
People go to the movies to watch a film and all they're thinking about is the actress's cellulite they saw in a magazine.;Robert Carlyle;movies
I love making movies and hope to write my own screenplay someday and do some producing and be behind-the-scenes as well.;Victoria Justice;movies
I don't direct movies for a living.;Tommy Lee Jones;movies
I would be too selfish if I said everyone should see my movies more than once. To say that would mean I'm just marketing my work!;Abbas Kiarostami;movies
I have worked on very good movies that have been buried, and I've worked on some resounding mediocrities that have been paraded through the marketplace like they were masterpieces.;Tommy Lee Jones;movies
Some movies bring out the creativity in you. Every single audience member can become creative in the face of a particular movie. If you happen to like my films, it's because my films provide a bed for you on which you can find your creativity. The Hollywood movies do not provide that for you.;Abbas Kiarostami;movies
I've made some bad movies. And I really enjoyed it!;Tommy Lee Jones;movies
I want to make movies about my country from my point of view.;Tommy Lee Jones;movies
I hope that I would be considered romantic. I don't know... one of my favorite movies is 'The Notebook' so I guess that would be considered romantic. But I think being romantic is more than the flowers and the gifts. It's about connecting with the person and being able to talk and share things with her.;Taylor Lautner;movies
It's always uncomfortable for me when I take off my shirt. No one else is taking their shift off. Why is everyone else in these movies bundled up in layers of clothing and I'm taking my clothes off all the time?;Taylor Lautner;movies
It's too expensive, that's the thing nobody wants to talk about. It is too expensive to make movies. That's not true, it is too expensive to market movies. Making movies is not.;Kevin Smith;movies
You know, comics and movies, even if you take a comic and turn it into a movie, we can't all be Joss Whedon.;Kevin Smith;movies
So I know how I watch movies which is on my laptop, man. And that's how I suspect a lot of people do it.;Kevin Smith;movies
I'd see movies, comedies, and I loved 'Animal House', I loved all the John Hughes stuff, but I never saw me and my friends totally represented.;Kevin Smith;movies
In anything I've ever written, all the characters sound like me, which I don't think is a bad thing. It makes sense. But I had always admired filmmakers who made movies that didn't sound like them at all.;Kevin Smith;movies
Other filmmakers make their movies and put them out and that's that. For me, for some odd reason, it goes deeper than that.;Kevin Smith;movies
I didn't get into this so I could talk about my work, my movies. You become an actor to act.;Kevin Bacon;movies
I don't watch the movies I make, so I haven't seen 'Footloose' since it came out. You see this young, hungry actor, it's pretty fun. I was the only one they screen tested. It was an attempt by the director and producer to talk the head of the studio into hiring me because they didn't want me.;Kevin Bacon;movies
I'll be honest with you. My kids don't watch my movies and never have. I can maybe name a film one hand that they've seen, actually, all the way through.;Kevin Bacon;movies
Music in movies is all about dissonance and consonance, tension and release.;Quincy Jones;movies
I honestly don't love the Cheech and Chong movies, I've got to say.;Seth Rogen;movies
Luckily, I think, I never really wanted to be famous, I just wanted to make movies.;Seth Rogen;movies
I don't make the best movies in the world, but at times, I do feel like I'm adding something to the cinematic community.;Seth Rogen;movies
I've seen a lot of movies get made where no one has control. No one likes it.;Seth Rogen;movies
I'm not one of those actors where filmmakers that I admire ask me to be in their movies. I meet them at parties and they're nice to me, but they never ask me to work with them.;Seth Rogen;movies
Trying to constantly get yourself into movies is extremely stressful and sometimes just impossible.;Seth Rogen;movies
Frank is such a great visual storyteller, that if you study his artwork you see that his Sin City books are already the best movies never seen on the big screen.;Robert Rodriguez;movies
I always wanted to be a stay-at-home dad making art, making movies.;Robert Rodriguez;movies
I do like strong women in my movies. I have five sisters, so I've just grown up with that model.;Robert Rodriguez;movies
I was a cartoonist when I was at university, but I decided to go into movie making knowing that I could still draw by doing movies, design work, story boards, and such.;Robert Rodriguez;movies
It's difficult to do a genre film well, and it doesn't matter if you're talking vampire movies or 'Dawn of the Dead' or 'The Thing' or 'Escape From New York.' Those kind of movies, they understand what the old-school B-movie is supposed to be, they get the throwback of it.;Ethan Hawke;movies
If I do three movies in a year, I don't feel like acting ever again.;Ethan Hawke;movies
Right now, if you're interested in being a dramatic actor, they're not making that many just regular dramas. Movies have to have some other thing going on.;Ethan Hawke;movies
I don't know what has happened to movies, but lately every movie is at least 20 minutes too long. It used to be that if you were three hours long it was because it was epic - a movie about Gandhi something with very important subject matters.;Ethan Hawke;movies
If you're not a real chameleon of an actor and if you're not one of those guys who can really shape-change themselves all the time, one of the ways to keep pushing yourself and keep changing is to be in different kinds of movies.;Ethan Hawke;movies
I don't want to imitate life in movies I want to represent it. And in that representation, you use the colors you feel, and sometimes they are fake colors. But always it's to show one emotion.;Pedro Almodovar;movies
Most movies suck, even the independent ones. Hollywood is like baseball: Hit three good ones out of 10 and you're a Hall of Famer.;Denis Leary;movies
For horror movies, color is reassuring because, at least in older films, it adds to the fakey-ness.;Lynda Barry;movies
I think everyone who makes movies should be forced to do television. Because you have to finish. You have to get it done, and there are a lot of decisions made just for the sake of making decisions. You do something because it's efficient and because it gets the story told and it connects to the audience.;Joss Whedon;movies
We were raised without movies, theater or music. We had only nature, the hills, the trees. When I got on the set of 'Manon,' I wasn't star-struck because I didn't know what a star was.;Emmanuelle Beart;movies
I don't always see my movies right away. And there are some I haven't seen at all. Sometimes that bothers the directors, so I'm obliged to see them.;Emmanuelle Beart;movies
I'm sure a bunch of 15-year-old kids would way rather I do 'Superbad 2' than 'Moneyball.' But I would love to do movies like 'Superbad' and movies like 'Moneyball.';Jonah Hill;movies
I just like to act and write and produce. To me, making movies is the ultimate goal.;Jonah Hill;movies
Besides the fact that I make movies, there's nothing interesting about my life at all, unfortunately.;Jonah Hill;movies
Once you make a movie like 'Superbad,' when it's popular and you're the lead, you get offered all kinds of things and there's a temptation to make bad movies either for the money or to maintain your relevance in pop culture.;Jonah Hill;movies
All my friends were in college when I was making 'Superbad.' We were drinking beer and watching movies and eating pizza. It wasn't like I was going to nice restaurants or anything like that, and I lived like a frat guy. Eventually it was time to grow up, be healthy and be responsible. You can't live like a kid forever, you know?;Jonah Hill;movies
I think our culture has gotten so skewed. People assume that because you're an actor you want to write a book to exploit your celebrity, but my celebrity is only a byproduct of me making movies. I have no intention of being a celebrity.;Jonah Hill;movies
Look, at the same time that I don't want to be a celebrity, I understand that when you make movies you put yourself out in the public eye. I'd be a baby and a fool to be like, 'Why are there cameras taking pictures of me?' when I'm on a billboard for a movie. I think that's a very absurd concept.;Jonah Hill;movies
I'm really proud of 'Moneyball.' To me, it's about feeling pride in a movie I made. I think when I'm an old man I'll be able to show it to my grandkids with pride. That's all I can really go for: making movies to please me.;Jonah Hill;movies
I love it, man I'm 23 years old and I'm lucky enough to write movies as a job! I just feel really blessed and can't believe it's happening.;Jonah Hill;movies
People are always wondering if I am an artist or political activist or politician. Maybe I'll just clearly tell you: Whatever I do is not art. Let's say it is just objects or materials, movies or writing, but not art, OK?;Ai Weiwei;movies
I like movies about failing.;Albert Brooks;movies
Movies are an expensive business.;Albert Brooks;movies
In movies and in television the robots are always evil. I guess I am not into the whole brooding cyberpunk dystopia thing.;Daniel H. Wilson;movies
I cast unusual people in my movies.;Albert Brooks;movies
I've always been in the middle of making my own movies, so taking acting jobs that take me away from that has been impossible.;Albert Brooks;movies
By the way, movies are like sporting events in that you're as good as the movie you're in. You can sit in a room for 20 years and go do a movie and you can just kill in it and you move to the head of the line again. By the same token, you can do five movies a year and if they're dreck, it's nothing.;Albert Brooks;movies
Listen, there are some movies that are set in stone and the writer or the director does not want to change, but I've never worked on a movie, including my own, that didn't take advantage of a rehearsal process.;Albert Brooks;movies
I've done performances in movies that I was immensely proud of and the movies didn't take off like a rocket at Cape Canaveral, it didn't take off.;Albert Brooks;movies
My mom was a professional. My dad and mom met each other in a movie called 'New Faces of 1937.' My mom went under the name Thelma Leeds, and she did a few movies, and she was really a great singer, and when she married my dad and started to have a family, she sang at parties.;Albert Brooks;movies
I got into film-making because I was interested in making entertaining movies, which I felt there was a lack of.;Guy Ritchie;movies
What I liked about American movies when I was a kid was that they're sort of larger than life and I think I'm still suffering from that reaction.;Guy Ritchie;movies
I'm just happy to be a film where for once I don't have to worry about my hair, because my managers are always complaining about my hair looking depressing in my movies. Which is true. I mean, it's true.;Emily Mortimer;movies
Movies are movies: they take you back in time, and how it still is for some.;Tina Turner;movies
I was always attracted to science fiction movies.;Tina Turner;movies
I watch and listen to movies today and am shocked by the way actors deliver their lines. Everybody mumbles now and I don't understand why.;Maureen O'Hara;movies
