Now that I have found someone, I'm feeling more alone... than I ever have before.;Ben Folds;alone
Thus, the poet's word is beginning to strike forcefully upon the hearts of all men, while absolute men of letters think that they alone live in the real world.;Salvatore Quasimodo;alone
If I lived alone, Mom'd never sleep because she wouldn't know I was okay.;Scott Baio;alone
I didn't need clothes. I was allowed the opportunity to act out moments you don't get the opportunity to experience in your own life, let alone as a character in a film. I didn't feel naked.;Marguerite Moreau;alone
Say not that honor is the child of boldness, nor believe thou that the hazard of life alone can pay the price of it: it is not to the action that it is due, but to the manner of performing it.;Akhenaton;alone
Some of us may just, in one-on-one conversations with our family, with our friends, over the back fence with our neighbors, talk about the reality of our lives and realize that we're not alone, that we have a right to be physically safe and emotionally safe in our own homes.;Patricia Ireland;alone
Hiking is the best workout!... You can hike for three hours and not even realize you're working out. And, hiking alone lets me have some time to myself.;Jamie Luner;alone
I can barely remember what I wrote yesterday, let alone 10 years ago.;Andrew Sullivan;alone
I can support going in after Saddam Hussein, but I want to make sure I don't go alone.;John Dingell;alone
I spend my life essentially alone at a computer. That doesn't change. I have the same challenges every day.;Dan Brown;alone
Something about Texas I'm not proud of is that our state murdered 37 people last year alone.;Richard Linklater;alone
For each one of us stands alone in the midst of a universe.;John Buchanan Robinson;alone
I have two ideas for novels at the moment, neither of them all that conventional, but I'm not ready to choose between them yet, let alone settle down to the process of writing.;Jonathan Coe;alone
You are forever alone.;John Buchanan Robinson;alone
I think the idea that you can go this alone is - was a huge mistake. And unfortunately, there was a price paid in terms of suffering and pain for people in New Orleans.;Michael Chertoff;alone
Your thoughts and emotions are yours alone.;John Buchanan Robinson;alone
But the wicked passions of men's hearts alone seem strong enough to leave pictures that persist the good are ever too luke-warm.;Algernon H. Blackwood;alone
Sometimes I think my husband is so amazing that I don't know why he's with me. I don't know whether I'm good enough. But if I make him happy, then I'm everything I want to be.;Angelina Jolie;amazing
If you tell people where to go, but not how to get there, you'll be amazed at the results.;George S. Patton;amazing
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.;Harry S. Truman;amazing
If you set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you.;Les Brown;amazing
Nobody in life gets exactly what they thought they were going to get. But if you work really hard and you're kind, amazing things will happen.;Conan O'Brien;amazing
It's amazing the clarity that comes with psychotic jealousy.;Rupert Everett;amazing
There are amazingly wonderful people in all walks of life some familiar to us and others not. Stretch yourself and really get to know people. People are in many ways one of our greatest treasures.;Bryant H. McGill;amazing
I feel like I have had the most amazing life in my public service.;Hillary Clinton;amazing
When you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun, you can do amazing things.;Joe Namath;amazing
The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself.;Anna Quindlen;amazing
If there was an observer on Mars, they would probably be amazed that we have survived this long.;Noam Chomsky;amazing
I am indeed amazed when I consider how weak my mind is and how prone to error.;Rene Descartes;amazing
People are generally amazed that I would take an interest in any form that would require me to stop talking for three hours.;Henry A. Kissinger;amazing
With love, you should go ahead and take the risk of getting hurt because love is an amazing feeling.;Britney Spears;amazing
If you dream of something worth doing and then simply go to work on it and don't think anything of personalities, or emotional conflicts, or of money, or of family distractions it is amazing how quickly you get through those 5,000 steps.;Edwin Land;amazing
You will never cease to be the most amazed person on earth at what God has done for you on the inside.;Oswald Chambers;amazing
When the shriveled skin of the ordinary is stuffed out with meaning, it satisfies the senses amazingly.;Virginia Woolf;amazing
People never cease to amaze me.;Tina Yothers;amazing
The amazing fact is that America is founded on a document. It's a work in progress. It can be tested by each generation.;Christopher Hitchens;amazing
It's amazing what ordinary people can do if they set out without preconceived notions.;Ben Stein;amazing
People must feel that the natural world is important and valuable and beautiful and wonderful and an amazement and a pleasure.;David Attenborough;amazing
Write in recollection and amazement for yourself.;Jack Kerouac;amazing
When it's over, I want to say: all my life I was a bride married to amazement. I was the bridegroom, taking the world into my arms.;Mary Oliver;amazing
It's amazing how, over time, a person's perspective can be altered.;Fred Durst;amazing
I'm proud of the U.S.A. We've done some amazing things. To wear our flag in the Olympics is an honor.;Shaun White;amazing
The body is an amazing machine... If you eat the right things your body will perform incredibly well!;Shawn Johnson;amazing
I really love the internet. They say chat-rooms are the trailer park of the internet but I find it amazing.;Carrie Fisher;amazing
As a kid, I kind of spent my life being amazed by being tricked. I love being tricked. I still love it today.;Daniel Craig;amazing
It's amazing, if you know what you want to say, how fast it is to write.;Evan Davis;amazing
I'm always amazed at anyone's interest in what I have to say.;Orlando Bloom;amazing
It was amazing to me that, all of a sudden, I was hearing my music on the radio and coming out of cars.;Lenny Kravitz;amazing
When the youth of America gets together, amazing things happen.;Tom Ford;amazing
Nothing amazes me anymore.;David Beckham;amazing
Words to me were magic. You could say a word and it could conjure up all kinds of images or feelings or a chilly sensation or whatever. It was amazing to me that words had this power.;Amy Tan;amazing
It's an amazing luxury to say I'm 31 years old and I'm gonna take a year off. That's pretty amazing.;Sarah McLachlan;amazing
Isn't it amazing the way the future succeeds in creating an appropriate past?;John Leonard;amazing
It's amazing how much trouble you can get in when you don't have anything else to do.;Quincy Jones;amazing
I like pens. My writing is so amazing there's never a need to erase.;Todd Barry;amazing
I am constantly amazed by Tina Fey. And I am Tina Fey.;Tina Fey;amazing
I was always amazed about how much I could finally squeeze into a thirty second commercial.;Ridley Scott;amazing
I've had to calm down, I have a kid! It is amazing. It's the best thing ever. Nothing better than it.;Kevin Pietersen;amazing
Amazingly when you add life and consciousness to the equation you can actually explain some of the biggest puzzles of science.;Robert Lanza;amazing
Amazement awaits us at every corner.;James Broughton;amazing
There are a lot of people with a lot of money, and I'm amazed they don't understand what a great pleasure it can be to give.;Robert Mondavi;amazing
The body can do amazing things in a situation when it is really called for.;Suzanne Farrell;amazing
I have a ridiculous fear of sharks but I'd jump in the water in a second for an amazing role.;Kate Mara;amazing
You would be amazed what the ordinary guy knows.;Matt Drudge;amazing
More and more couples are having this negotiation or discussion, but I'm still amazed at the number who aren't and where the cultural norm sort of kicks in and they just assume that mom's got to be the one who stays home, not dad.;James Levine;amazing
In 29 years, I had recorded over 2,200 songs. I was amazed.;Kate Smith;amazing
It's amazing to me that young people will still pick up a cigarette.;Loni Anderson;amazing
The truth sets you free. It's a very liberating thing, when you say this is who I am warts and all and then you can just get on with life. It's amazing.;Geri Halliwell;amazing
But I am not going to live for ever. And the more I know it, the more amazed I am by being here at all.;William Hurt;amazing
It's the most amazing feeling to hold your child in your arms.;Chris O'Donnell;amazing
To me, when a great band is playing together, it's amazing for me.;John Oates;amazing
I had a friend whose family had dinner together. The mother would tuck you in at night and make breakfast in the morning. They even had a spare bike for a friend. It just seemed so amazing to me.;Moon Unit Zappa;amazing
It's amazing how a competitive nature can turn a negative into something positive.;Barry Mann;amazing
To feel the presence of the Lord is an amazing thing.;Lisa Leslie;amazing
It's amazing how, age after age, in country after country, and in all languages, Shakespeare emerges as incomparable.;M. H. Abrams;amazing
It's been amazing, the number of commercials that I've done, starting back in 1968. It must be 8,000.;Casey Kasum;amazing
I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.;e. e. cummings;amazing
It is amazing that people who think we cannot afford to pay for doctors, hospitals, and medication somehow think that we can afford to pay for doctors, hospitals, medication and a government bureaucracy to administer it.;Thomas Sowell;amazing
France, and the whole of Europe have a great culture and an amazing history. Most important thing though is that people there know how to live! In America they've forgotten all about it. I'm afraid that the American culture is a disaster.;Johnny Depp;amazing
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper.;Jerry Seinfeld;amazing
We want to reinvent the phone. What's the killer app? The killer app is making calls! It's amazing how hard it is to make calls on most phones. We want to let you use contacts like never before - sync your iPhone with your PC or mac.;Steve Jobs;amazing
Tell me, why is the media here so negative? Why are we in India so embarrassed to recognise our own strengths, our achievements? We are such a great nation. We have so many amazing success stories but we refuse to acknowledge them. Why?;Abdul Kalam;amazing
May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing view. May your mountains rise into and above the clouds.;Edward Abbey;amazing
Why is Cloud 9 so amazing? What is wrong with Cloud 8? That joke came off the top of my head, and the top of my head ain't funny!;Mitch Hedberg;amazing
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.;Leo Tolstoy;amazing
It's amazing how people will give when you don't ask. Many of them send money because they believe in the message.;Joel Osteen;amazing
Outstanding leaders go out of their way to boost the self-esteem of their personnel. If people believe in themselves, it's amazing what they can accomplish.;Sam Walton;amazing
Here is the amazing thing about Easter the Resurrection Sunday for Christians is this, that Christ in the dying moments on the cross gives us the greatest illustration of forgiveness possible.;T. D. Jakes;amazing
Being a teenager is an amazing time and a hard time. It's when you make your best friends - I have girls who will never leave my heart and I still talk to. You get the best and the worst as a teen. You have the best friendships and the worst heartbreaks.;Sophia Bush;amazing
What I've enjoyed most, though, is meeting people who have a real interest in food and sharing ideas with them. Good food is a global thing and I find that there is always something new and amazing to learn - I love it!;Jamie Oliver;amazing
I mean, we've built a lot of products that we think are good, and will help people share photos and share videos and write messages to each other. But it's really all about how people are spreading Facebook around the world in all these different countries. And that's what's so amazing about the scale that it's at today.;Mark Zuckerberg;amazing
Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens.;David Cameron;amazing
Childbirth is more admirable than conquest, more amazing than self-defense, and as courageous as either one.;Gloria Steinem;amazing
I am fully committed to Hannah Montana. It's what gave me this amazing opportunity to reach out to so many people. I'm really excited about our new season. We are making great new episodes that I can't wait for our fans to see and I'm looking forward to the 'Hannah Montana' movie that will be out in the spring.;Miley Cyrus;amazing
Music is amazing. There's some metaphysical comfort where it allows you to be isolated and alone while telling you that you are not alone... truly, the only cure for sadness is to share it with someone else.;Wayne Coyne;amazing
When I was trying to impress Kate I was trying to cook these amazing fancy dinners and what would happen was I would burn something, something would overspill, something would catch on fire and she would be sitting in the background trying to help, and basically taking control of the whole situation, so I was quite glad she was there at the time.;Prince William;amazing
Isn't it amazing that we are all made in God's image, and yet there is so much diversity among his people?;Desmond Tutu;amazing
My dad was my best friend and greatest role model. He was an amazing dad, coach, mentor, soldier, husband and friend.;Tiger Woods;amazing
I believe that the majority of times the scale tilts toward the good. It's this amazing thing that rolls on and if we get in the flow of it, that's God. And if we fight it, if we swim the other way, we're swimming away from the purest expression of this life.;Michael J. Fox;amazing
