No art can be noble which is incapable of expressing thought, and no art is capable of expressing thought which does not change.;John Ruskin;art
Politics is the art of choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.;John Kenneth Galbraith;art
Poetry is the art of uniting pleasure with truth.;Samuel Johnson;art
Diplomacy: the art of restraining power.;Henry A. Kissinger;art
Land really is the best art.;Andy Warhol;art
Criticism is the art of appraising others at one's own value.;George Jean Nathan;art
To do a dull thing with style-now that's what I call art.;Charles Bukowski;art
It is in this power of saying everything, and yet saying nothing too plainly, that the perfection of art consists.;John Ruskin;art
The art which we may call generally art of the wayside, as opposed to that which is the business of men's lives, is, in the best sense of the word, Grotesque.;John Ruskin;art
Growing up going to Christian school and the concept that you're born a sinner and you don't really have a choice to change who you are has been hammered into my head and created the entire reason why I made art and made a band and made records called 'Antichrist Superstar.';Marilyn Manson;art
To me, photography is an art of observation. It's about finding something interesting in an ordinary place... I've found it has little to do with the things you see and everything to do with the way you see them.;Elliott Erwitt;art
Cunning is the art of concealing our own defects, and discovering other people's weaknesses.;William Hazlitt;art
I realised the bohemian life was not for me. I would look around at my friends, living like starving artists, and wonder, 'Where's the art?' They weren't doing anything. And there was so much interesting stuff to do, so much fun to be had... maybe I could even quit renting.;P. J. O'Rourke;art
Patience is the art of hoping.;Luc de Clapiers;art
The man of genius is he and he alone who finds such joy in his art that he will work at it come hell or high water.;Stendhal;art
Religion and art spring from the same root and are close kin. Economics and art are strangers.;Nathaniel Hawthorne;art
There is nothing in the world of art like the songs mother used to sing.;Billy Sunday;art
Simplicity and repose are the qualities that measure the true value of any work of art.;Frank Lloyd Wright;art
People who don't like me talk about it as though I'm trash because I have tattoos. I find that insane because it's 2008, not the 1950s. Tattoos aren't limited to sailors. It's a form of art I find beautiful. I love it.;Megan Fox;art
Music happens to be an art form that transcends language.;Herbie Hancock;art
Art is man's constant effort to create for himself a different order of reality from that which is given to him.;Chinua Achebe;art
The true art of memory is the art of attention.;Samuel Johnson;art
It's clever, but is it Art?;Rudyard Kipling;art
The sinews of art and literature, like those of war, are money.;Samuel Butler;art
The youth of an art is, like the youth of anything else, its most interesting period. When it has come to the knowledge of good and evil it is stronger, but we care less about it.;Samuel Butler;art
What is comedy? Comedy is the art of making people laugh without making them puke.;Steve Martin;art
It is art that makes life, makes interest, makes importance... and I know of no substitute whatever for the force and beauty of its process.;Henry James;art
Diversity: the art of thinking independently together.;Malcolm Forbes;art
The greatness of art is not to find what is common but what is unique.;Isaac Bashevis Singer;art
There is nothing, Sir, too little for so little a creature as man. It is by studying little things that we attain the great art of having as little misery and as much happiness as possible.;Samuel Johnson;art
Life is the art of being well deceived and in order that the deception may succeed it must be habitual and uninterrupted.;William Hazlitt;art
All nature is but art unknown to thee.;Alexander Pope;art
Men's magazines often feature pictures of naked ladies. Women's magazines also often feature pictures of naked ladies. This is because the female body is a beautiful work of art, while the male body is hairy and lumpy and should not be seen by the light of day.;Richard Roeper;art
What garlic is to salad, insanity is to art.;Augustus Saint-Gaudens;art
My trade and art is to live.;Michel de Montaigne;art
The only honest art form is laughter, comedy. You can't fake it... try to fake three laughs in an hour - ha ha ha ha ha - they'll take you away, man. You can't.;Lenny Bruce;art
An artist cannot speak about his art any more than a plant can discuss horticulture.;Jean Cocteau;art
Art begins in imitation and ends in innovation.;Mason Cooley;art
A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art.;Paul Cezanne;art
Architecture is the art of how to waste space.;Philip Johnson;art
Courtesy is a silver lining around the dark clouds of civilization it is the best part of refinement and in many ways, an art of heroic beauty in the vast gallery of man's cruelty and baseness.;Bryant H. McGill;art
Space is the breath of art.;Frank Lloyd Wright;art
Art does not reproduce what we see rather, it makes us see.;Paul Klee;art
I think art education, especially in this country, which government pretty much ignores, is so important for young people.;Mikhail Baryshnikov;art
Fame is the echo of actions, resounding them to the world, save that the echo repeats only the last art, but fame relates all, and often more than all.;Thomas Fuller;art
If thou art a master, be sometimes blind if a servant, sometimes deaf.;Thomas Fuller;art
Art is an attempt to integrate evil.;Simone de Beauvoir;art
A work of art that contains theories is like an object on which the price tag has been left.;Alexander Pope;art
To want friendship is a great fault. Friendship ought to be a gratuitous joy, like the joys afforded by art or life.;Simone Weil;art
Mild autism can give you a genius like Einstein. If you have severe autism, you could remain nonverbal. You don't want people to be on the severe end of the spectrum. But if you got rid of all the autism genetics, you wouldn't have science or art. All you would have is a bunch of social 'yak yaks.';Temple Grandin;art
The sadness of the incomplete, the sadness that is often Life, but should never be Art.;E. M. Forster;art
Every work of art is an uncommitted crime.;Theodor Adorno;art
You have to master not only the art of listening to your head, you must also master listening to your heart and listening to your gut.;Carly Fiorina;art
One science only will one genius fit so vast is art, so narrow human wit.;Alexander Pope;art
There is no prejudice that the work of art does not finally overcome.;Andre Gide;art
Memory is a great artist. For every man and for every woman it makes the recollection of his or her life a work of art and an unfaithful record.;Andre Maurois;art
The wealthy are always surrounded by hangers-on science and art are as well.;Anton Chekhov;art
Like music and art, love of nature is a common language that can transcend political or social boundaries.;Jimmy Carter;art
The work of art assumes the existence of the perfect spectator, and is indifferent to the fact that no such person exists.;E. M. Forster;art
'Healing,' Papa would tell me, 'is not a science, but the intuitive art of wooing nature.';W. H. Auden;art
The first mistake of art is to assume that it's serious.;Lester Bangs;art
Good manners is the art of making those people easy with whom we converse. Whoever makes the fewest people uneasy is the best bred in the room.;Jonathan Swift;art
Lying just for the fun of it is either art or pathology.;Mason Cooley;art
Death be not proud, though some have called thee Mighty and dreadful, for thou art not so. For, those, whom thou think'st thou dost overthrow. Die not, poor death, nor yet canst thou kill me.;John Donne;art
Evil is committed without effort, naturally, fatally goodness is always the product of some art.;Charles Baudelaire;art
The educator must believe in the potential power of his pupil, and he must employ all his art in seeking to bring his pupil to experience this power.;Alfred Adler;art
The effort of art is to keep what is interesting in existence, to recreate it in the eternal.;George Santayana;art
I consider skateboarding an art form, a lifestyle and a sport. 'Action sport' would be the least offensive categorization.;Tony Hawk;art
In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;art
Logic is neither an art nor a science but a dodge.;Stendhal;art
The excellency of every art is its intensity, capable of making all disagreeable evaporate.;John Keats;art
Let each man exercise the art he knows.;Aristophanes;art
In science, as in art, and, as I believe, in every other sphere of human activity, there may be wisdom in a multitude of counsellors, but it is only in one or two of them.;Thomas Huxley;art
You may choose your words like a connoisseur, And polish it up with art, But the word that sways, and stirs, and stays, Is the word that comes from the heart.;Ella Wheeler Wilcox;art
People are surprised at how down-to-earth I am. I like to stay home on Friday nights and listen to 'The Art of Happiness' by the Dalai Lama.;Carmen Electra;art
Emotion resulting from a work of art is only of value when it is not obtained by sentimental blackmail.;Jean Cocteau;art
All good art is an indiscretion.;Tennessee Williams;art
Great art is the contempt of a great man for small art.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;art
I believe entertainment can aspire to be art, and can become art, but if you set out to make art you're an idiot.;Steve Martin;art
Art, as far as it is able, follows nature, as a pupil imitates his master thus your art must be, as it were, God's grandchild.;Dante Alighieri;art
Gossip is the art of saying nothing in a way that leaves practically nothing unsaid.;Walter Winchell;art
Errors are not in the art but in the artificers.;Isaac Newton;art
It is veneer, rouge, aestheticism, art museums, new theaters, etc. that make America impotent. The good things are football, kindness, and jazz bands.;George Santayana;art
Simplicity is the final achievement. After one has played a vast quantity of notes and more notes, it is simplicity that emerges as the crowning reward of art.;Frederic Chopin;art
Art is the objectification of feeling.;Herman Melville;art
There are worlds of experience beyond the world of the aggressive man, beyond history, and beyond science. The moods and qualities of nature and the revelations of great art are equally difficult to define we can grasp them only in the depths of our perceptive spirit.;Ansel Adams;art
The beginning of a friendship, the fact that two people out of the thousands around them can meet and connect and become friends, seems like a kind of magic to me. But maintaining a friendship requires work. I don't mean that as a bad thing. Good art requires work as well.;Charles de Lint;art
The sole art that suits me is that which, rising from unrest, tends toward serenity.;Andre Gide;art
Art is the collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.;Andre Gide;art
Deliver me from writers who say the way they live doesn't matter. I'm not sure a bad person can write a good book, If art doesn't make us better, then what on earth is it for.;Alice Walker;art
Politics is not the art of the possible. It consists in choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.;John Kenneth Galbraith;art
Art has to move you and design does not, unless it's a good design for a bus.;David Hockney;art
The art of creation is older than the art of killing.;Edward Koch;art
The best part of the art of living is to know how to grow old gracefully.;Eric Hoffer;art
Every science begins as philosophy and ends as art.;Will Durant;art
The love of all-inclusiveness is as dangerous in philosophy as in art.;George Santayana;art
Great art is the outward expression of an inner life in the artist, and this inner life will result in his personal vision of the world.;Edward Hopper;art
We work in the dark - we do what we can - we give what we have. Our doubt is our passion and our passion is our task. The rest is the madness of art.;Henry James;art
Besides the noble art of getting things done, there is the noble art of leaving things undone. The wisdom of life consists in the elimination of non-essentials.;Lin Yutang;art
