Look, I've got incredible pride for my family. I've absolutely fallen into that cliche of a dad who could just happily talk about my daughter endlessly.;Christian Bale;dad
I met my grandfather just before he died, and it was the first time that I had seen Dad with a relative of his. It was interesting to see my own father as a son and the body language and alteration in attitude that comes with that, and it sort of changed our relationship for the better.;Christian Bale;dad
My family belongs to a tennis club in Valencia, California, so I always go there. I play a lot of tennis with my dad and swim. And I like to go to the gym there.;Ashley Tisdale;dad
My sister is totally my dad's daughter because she loves sports.;Ashley Tisdale;dad
Music was always the distraction, so it was the obvious choice to pursue. My dad always said to find a job I love to do, that way it wouldn't feel like a job. So I did that.;Jason Mraz;dad
I'll back up anything my dad says.;Floyd Mayweather, Jr.;dad
To be fair to my dad, he is one of the brightest men I've ever met.;Philip Seymour Hoffman;dad
A spirit is, like, your mother, my dad, who've made it. They can come around, but they come around in a loving way because they've already made it to God. Most people make it.;Sylvia Browne;dad
I grew up in a house where my father encouraged my brother and me to fail. I specifically remember coming home and saying, 'Dad, Dad, I tried out for this or that and I was horrible,' and he would high-five me and say, 'Way to go.';Sara Blakely;dad
My humanitarian work evolved from being with my family. My mom, my dad, they really set a great example for giving back. My mom was a nurse, my dad was a school teacher. But my mom did a lot of things for geriatrics and elderly people. She would do home visits for free.;Cat Cora;dad
It wasn't like I was self-motivated. My dad started me. It was his dream before it was mine.;Venus Williams;dad
I'm always on the court with my dad.;Venus Williams;dad
You get to a certain age and you can't judge yourself on your dad or your parents.;Ellie Goulding;dad
Not much shocked me. You know, I worked in a home for Alzheimer's patients and my dad used to be really into murders and stuff, so I saw dead bodies. It desensitised me to a lot of things.;Ellie Goulding;dad
The only day I remember of my parents' marriage was the day my dad walked out. As I stood there at five years old, with my older sister and younger brother, I knew that he was gone.;Ellie Goulding;dad
'I Know You Care' is about my dad. And I haven't seen him for a long, long time. And my parents divorced when I was really young. And I guess I just wanted a - it was my way of saying that I wasn't bitter or angry anymore. I was just sad and just felt like something was missing.;Ellie Goulding;dad
My father came from a very poor background, but I was very fortunate in the sense that we were never in need. My dad was determined to make sure that we didn't want for things. He wanted to give us more opportunity than he had, a better shot at a better life.;Brad Pitt;dad
Since I was a boy, from this house, I was out rescuing crocodiles and snakes. My mum and dad were very passionate about that and, I was lucky enough to go along.;Steve Irwin;dad
My mother and dad were big animal lovers, too. I just don't know how I would have lived without animals around me. I'm fascinated by them - both domestic pets and the wild community. They just are the most interesting things in the world to me, and it's made such a difference in my lifetime.;Betty White;dad
During the Depression, my dad made radios to sell to make extra money. Nobody had any money to buy the radios, so he would trade them for dogs. He built kennels in the backyard, and he cared for the dogs.;Betty White;dad
Losing my parents was the most crushing thing that ever happened to me. I lost my dad when I was 26, and it changed my life entirely.;Harlan Coben;dad
My father was the quintessential husband and dad.;Sidney Poitier;dad
My mother taught public school, went to Harvard and then got her master's there and taught fifth and sixth grade in a public school. My dad had a more working-class lifestyle. He didn't go to college. He was an auto mechanic and a bartender and a janitor at Harvard.;Ben Affleck;dad
I was always a kid trying to make a buck. I borrowed a dollar from my dad, went to the penny candy store, bought a dollar's worth of candy, set up my booth, and sold candy for five cents apiece. Ate half my inventory, made $2.50, gave my dad back his dollar.;Guy Fieri;dad
Come Christmas Eve, we usually go to my mom and dad's. Everybody brings one gift and then we play that game when we all steal it from each other. Some are really cool, others are useful and some are a bit out there.;Amy Grant;dad
I was born and raised in East Los Angeles by a single mom who had three biological kids and adopted four more. I never met my dad.;will.i.am;dad
I didn't know my Dad - he moved out early. And my mom's politics were kind of hardscrabble. She didn't think about Democrats or Republicans. She thought about who made sense. I've been both in my life.;Dennis Miller;dad
My dad was a labourer and my mum had exactly the same job as Noel Gallagher's mum - she was a dinner lady at our local school. Everyone comes over from Ireland and they get the same jobs.;Danny Boyle;dad
I think my dad has helped me tremendously.;Rand Paul;dad
My dad was dean of fine arts at the university. I was casting bronzes in the school foundry. I was using the university as a playground.;Maya Lin;dad
My dad didn't drive - the only dad I knew who didn't.;Julie Burchill;dad
When I moved out of London 13 years ago, I found a whole other reason not to drive. This was because my new husband Dan, unlike my dad, did drive, and this became a great source of fun and adventure.;Julie Burchill;dad
And I love Mel Brooks. My Dad loved his movies, too, they're awesome, the kind of thing that if you're in for ten minutes, you're in for two hours.;Mike Myers;dad
One of the things I like about when I tour sometimes is that occasionally you'll see a dad there with his 12-year-old son and they're both enjoying it.;Tim Vine;dad
Yes, I always remember my dad's, mom's and my grandma's perfumes.;Marc Jacobs;dad
Becoming a dad was the proudest moment of my life. Playing football does not even compare.;Wayne Rooney;dad
I've never been a hands-on dad. I'm not ashamed to admit it, but you can't run a restaurant and be home for tea at 4:30 and bath and change nappies.;Gordon Ramsay;dad
I want my kids to see me as Dad, for God's sake, not a television personality.;Gordon Ramsay;dad
I was always embarrassed because my dad wore a suit and my mother wore flat pumps and a cozy jumper while my friends' parents were punks or hippies.;Shirley Manson;dad
You do need parental guidance and I was in a great position with both my mum and dad. They split when I was a baby but even though I stayed with my mom they were both very much involved in my upbringing.;Leonardo DiCaprio;dad
Barack Obama knows that to create an economy built to last, we need to focus on middle-class families. Families who stay up on Sunday nights pacing the floor, like my dad did, while their children, tucked in bed, dream big dreams. Families who aren't sure what Monday morning will bring, but who believe our nation's best days are still ahead.;Charles Schumer;dad
I would have to say the person with whom I am most in love is definitely my son, Everly Bear. Although I'm his dad, I'm also his friend.;Anthony Kiedis;dad
My dad was in the army. World War II. He got his college education from the army. After World War II he became an insurance salesman. Really, I didn't know my dad very well. He and my mother split up after the war. I was raised by my maternal grandmother and grandfather, and by my mother.;Al Pacino;dad
My mom and dad met at Anaheim High School. After they got married, all they wanted to do was have four children, and they did.;Gwen Stefani;dad
But I honestly don't read critics. My dad reads absolutely everything ever written about me. He calls me up to read ecstatic reviews, but I always insist that I can't hear them. If you give value to the good reviews, you have to give value to the criticism.;Fiona Apple;dad
My dad was a Communist Party member who fought for his country.;Tim Roth;dad
Paul McCartney had a baby when he was 61 Rod Stewart was 66 Rupert Murdoch was a stunning 72. Not only does that mean they'll have less stamina than the average dad, that means they'll, well, check out a lot sooner too.;Jeffrey Kluger;dad
The golden child may be the oldest one, unless it's the youngest. It may be the toughest one, unless it's the most sensitive. It's not even necessary that Mom and Dad have the same favorite - and typically they don't.;Jeffrey Kluger;dad
My dad spent his whole life getting into fights for telling what he believed to be the truth. Basically it comes from my dad-and he's screaming right-wing, so there you are.;Thom Yorke;dad
When my dad divorced my mom it was kind of like him leaving me also.;Nicole Richie;dad
No matter how good you are, at some point your kids are gonna have to create their own independence and think that Mom and Dad aren't cool, just to establish themselves. That's what adolescence is about. They're gonna go through that no matter what.;Eddie Vedder;dad
I think the hardest thing about making music now is being a great dad at the same time. There's an insanity that goes with writing - a mad scientist thing that you have to go through - and sacrificing a kid's upbringing to do that is not an option.;Eddie Vedder;dad
My dad gave me my first bike at 16. I soon fell off and was in a wheelchair for weeks. I haven't fallen since.;Hugh Laurie;dad
My dad always said he couldn't remember a time when I did not want to act.;Gwyneth Paltrow;dad
My dad is a Jack Nicholson lookalike and a frustrated performer, my mother's into reading and poetry. I suppose the thing I owe them most is my confidence.;Michael Sheen;dad
I was always okay with the fact that I was taller and bigger than everybody else growing up. My mom, my dad, and my friends always told me I was beautiful.;Jordin Sparks;dad
If you love somebody, you love them. My parents had a 25-year age gap between them and my mum was the breadwinner, my dad the house husband. I'm a strong believer that a good relationship can work, whatever the situation.;Katherine Jenkins;dad
In Heaven, I believe my dad is somewhere doing something nice. I feel I've been too lucky to travel this far without somebody guiding me.;Katherine Jenkins;dad
I was a very sickly kid. While I was in the hospital at age 7, my Dad brought me a stack of comic books to keep me occupied. I was hooked.;Len Wein;dad
I've never tried to find my real parents. I'm very grateful to my mum and dad for adopting me - they're completely incredible people. It was my dad who encouraged me to question everything, to forge my own path, to think, to read. I always felt it was my right to question everything.;Dan Stevens;dad
My dad was a mime and then he had his company and created plays for children and was very successful with it.;Marion Cotillard;dad
My dad is the nicest guy you'll ever meet, and the easiest going.;Serena Williams;dad
My dad is a marketing mastermind.;Serena Williams;dad
I grew up in Chicago, so I've always been a Bears fan. Dad used to take me to Bears games and Cubs games. My brother used to ride me over to Lake Forest College on his Honda Supersport and we'd watch the Bears practice. I remember those guys out there as monsters - they were the biggest things I've ever seen!;Kyle Chandler;dad
When you're shooting a film, you really don't get to be a dad, and you don't really get to be a husband. You don't really exist at all. But I do drag my family with me on location whenever I can.;Eric Bana;dad
I have a theory that I really want my kids to know - the only coloration that they make between dad being in films and reality is just a lot of people doing a lot of hard work.;Eric Bana;dad
I hate being clean-shaven. My daughter gets very upset if I shave and says, 'Bring back the spikes, Dad.';Eric Bana;dad
My dad was a homicide cop in the gay neighborhood in the city when gay neighborhoods were desperate, depressing, sad places run by the mob. The only gay people he'd met when I came out to him were corpses.;Dan Savage;dad
But while mum and dad were incredibly caring, it was also a very chaotic household where everyone fought about everything. So I know what it's like to internalize all that chaos.;Dave Eggers;dad
My dad was diagnosed with cancer, so we ended up burying him a year to the day that he was diagnosed.;Seann William Scott;dad
My role model is my dad.;Seann William Scott;dad
My dad liked to boil a squirrel head and suck the brains out the nose. Smaller than a chicken, bigger than a rat.;Beth Ditto;dad
My mother told me Homer Ditto was not my father. Nope. Mom had had a fling with some other guy who was my dad. Some dude who didn't stick around too long who Mom was happy to get rid of. She chose Homer, and Homer chose me, so he lent me his name even though I didn't have his blood.;Beth Ditto;dad
If my Dad doesn't like you, you will know. My Mom is just too innocent to ever lie. She doesn't even cuss.;Channing Tatum;dad
My father was so good-natured and had such a happy disposition. I've always confused him with Jimmy Stewart. So, think Jimmy Stewart. That's my dad.;Jane Pauley;dad
I am quite strict as a dad but I don't want to be censorious.;Nick Clegg;dad
My dad's side of the family had lots of artists and musicians. There's an emotional, quite sentimental quality to Slavic culture. It's very open, it loves art, it loves music, it loves literature. It's very warm, it's very up, it's very down. I would celebrate that.;Nick Clegg;dad
I say this as a young dad seeing children going into primary school: I don't think we should underestimate the formative effect on a child of those first years in primary school.;Nick Clegg;dad
When I was really little I would sit in the back of my dad's car when he'd be playing old-school music. He'd turn down the music and turn around and I'd be singing and know all of the words but I didn't even know how to talk. From then on I've always wanted to be a singer.;Leona Lewis;dad
I do love a bit of fashion. I grew up around a lot of it as my mum and dad had clothing stores so my mum was always designing a lot, and I definitely had that as an influence.;Leona Lewis;dad
My dad is such a good man. You know how when you are a child you think your dad is invincible? Well, I still think that - he is so wise and everything I do I ask my dad's advice about first.;Leona Lewis;dad
I feel like I've lived quite a sheltered life, like my mom and dad were quite protective of me.;Leona Lewis;dad
My dad was just a big Joseph Campbell nut.;Trey Parker;dad
I bought a house for my mom, I bought a house for my dad, I bought a house for my sister.;Trey Parker;dad
I watched Italia '90 with my Mum and Dad and my brother, you know, leaping around the house when the penalties were on... It would be great to be part of that, to have that kind of impact.;Steven Gerrard;dad
I'm not an American, but I have this weird connection to America in different ways through my dad living here for five years, my godfather being an American who I'm very close to.;Damian Lewis;dad
My dad was a baggage handler at Heathrow and careful with money. He worked hard and had three jobs when I was young. I wish I'd inherited his care for money. Sadly, I've grown up to be rather scatty when it comes to finances.;Gary Numan;dad
Before breaking into music, I had various jobs: forklift driver, driving a courier. But I was forced into working rather than doing it off my own bat because that was my dad's way: you got a job and paid your way.;Gary Numan;dad
I have one brother, John, an airline pilot, who is seven years younger. He's adopted, though we're still blood related - he's my cousin. My parents couldn't have any more children after me, so when Dad's brother died, they adopted John, then just a baby.;Gary Numan;dad
I met Gemma, my wife, when she was 12. She had a schoolgirl crush on me and her dad had arranged for her to meet me. Later, she started coming to my concerts, but I only got to know her well after her mother died. I rang to see how she was, and that's how it started.;Gary Numan;dad
My dad is like a cactus - introverted and tough. I'm a people person, like my mom, but I got my competitiveness from my dad. He came to this country from Belarus with nothing and built a real business. He's my hero for giving me that need to run a business and for having enormous confidence in me.;Gary Vaynerchuk;dad
I'm concerned a little bit with the culture of celebrating the fundraise. My dad taught me that when you borrow money it's the worst day of your life.;Gary Vaynerchuk;dad
You have to respect your parents. They are giving you an at-bat. If you're an entrepreneur and go into the family business, you want to grow fast. Patience is important. But respect the other party... My dad and I pulled it off because we really respect each other.;Gary Vaynerchuk;dad
People who build family businesses are not classically trained. They have to deal with an enormous amount of politics. You think corporate politics are tough? Go work for your dad or your mom.;Gary Vaynerchuk;dad
My parents were kind of over protective people. Me and my sister had to play in the backyard all the time. They bought us bikes for Christmas but wouldn't let us ride in the street, we had to ride in the backyard. Another Christmas, my dad got me a basketball hoop and put it in the middle of the lawn! You can't dribble on grass.;Jimmy Fallon;dad
My mom grew up in poverty in Oklahoma - like Dust Bowl, nine people in one room kind of place - and the way she got out of poverty was through education. My dad grew up without a dad, with very little and he also made his way out through education.;Jennifer Garner;dad
I am lucky to have had an attentive, curious and loving dad and heart-smart, down-to-earth, gifted mother. They changed the outlooks of their own lives and have never forgotten the people and organizations that helped them dream bigger than their circumstances should have allowed.;Jennifer Garner;dad
My dad and my uncles owned a bar outside of Cincinnati. I worked there growing up, mopping floors, waiting tables.;John Boehner;dad
My hat was pulled down and this girl said 'Are you really him?' I whispered 'Yeah, I'm really him.' She screamed, 'Mom! Dad! It's Heath Ledger!;Josh Hartnett;dad
