My grandmother lived to be 100 years old. Her grandmother was a slave, yet she was a college graduate in the Spellman class of 1917. She taught art for 50 years and she saved her Social Security checks for her children's education.;Spike Lee;education
I had a great education. From kindergarten to John Dewey High School in Coney Island, I am public-school educated.;Spike Lee;education
To be successful in life what you need is education, not literacy and degrees.;Munshi Premchand;education
Education is when you read the fine print experience is what you get when you don't.;Pete Seeger;education
When the students are occupied, they're not juvenile delinquents. I believe that education is a capital investment.;Arlen Specter;education
Strong advocacy for education, health care and worker safety will be indispensable if they are to get their fair share of President Bush's austere budget for the next fiscal year.;Arlen Specter;education
Growing up, I was encouraged to get a good education, get a real job doing something I enjoyed, and, should the opportunity present itself, consider public service as just that: a chance to serve, not an end in itself.;John Sununu;education
Nothing in education is so astonishing as the amount of ignorance it accumulates in the form of inert facts.;Henry Adams;education
Knowledge of human nature is the beginning and end of political education.;Henry Adams;education
Prejudices, it is well known, are most difficult to eradicate from the heart whose soil has never been loosened or fertilized by education they grow firm there, firm as weeds among stones.;Charlotte Bronte;education
No education can be of true advantage to young women but that which trains them up in humble industry, in great plainness of living, in exact modesty of dress.;William Law;education
You know, in 1975 I couldn't get a job in New York City because I was American. The kitchens were predominantly run by French, Swiss, German, and basically I got laughed at. I had education, I had experience, but got laughed at because I was American.;Emeril Lagasse;education
I belong to the generation of workers who, born in the villages and hamlets of rural Poland, had the opportunity to acquire education and find employment in industry, becoming in the course conscious of their rights and importance in society.;Lech Walesa;education
The most important thing we can do is inspire young minds and to advance the kind of science, math and technology education that will help youngsters take us to the next phase of space travel.;John Glenn;education
My mother was a dominant force in my life. She had a very specific idea about education, which was: you should know everything about everything. It was quite simple. There was no exclusivity, and there really was no judgment.;Twyla Tharp;education
The formal education that I received made little sense to me.;Twyla Tharp;education
Education is not so important as people think.;Elizabeth Bowen;education
Just as the science and art of agriculture depend upon chemistry and botany, so the art of education depends upon physiology and psychology.;Edward Thorndike;education
I think that anybody that stays in school, gets good grades, pays the price, I think we are wealthy enough in the public and the private sector in America to make sure that every child in America that wants to continue their education, they should be able to do that.;J. C. Watts;education
Education was the most important value in our home when I was growing up. People don't always realize that my parents shared a sense of intellectual curiosity and a love of reading and of history.;Caroline Kennedy;education
The Founding Fathers in their wisdom decided that children were an unnatural strain on parents. So they provided jails called schools, equipped with tortures called an education.;John Updike;education
Poor people, people of color - especially are much more likely to be found in prison than in institutions of higher education.;Angela Davis;education
Next in importance to freedom and justice is popular education, without which neither freedom nor justice can be permanently maintained.;James A. Garfield;education
I can say without affectation that I belong to the Russian convict world no less than I do to Russian literature. I got my education there, and it will last forever.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;education
When I was four years old, my mother put me into a school for early music education where you get perfect pitch and harmony and composition.;Yoko Ono;education
I ain't got much education, but I got some sense.;Loretta Lynn;education
When I was in school, my mother stressed education. I am so glad she did. I graduated from Yale College and Yale University with my master's and I didn't do it by missing school.;Angela Bassett;education
I pledge to you today that as president, in my first budget, I will introduce the largest increase in special education ever.;Al Gore;education
Education commences at the mother's knee, and every word spoken within hearsay of little children tends toward the formation of character.;Hosea Ballou;education
Experts tell us that 90% of all brain development occurs by the age of five. If we don't begin thinking about education in the early years, our children are at risk of falling behind by the time they start Kindergarten.;Robert. L. Ehrlich;education
If you improve education by teaching for competence, eliminating schooling, and connecting with students, the test scores will improve.;William Glasser;education
If we had in this room a hundred teachers, good teachers from good schools, and asked them to define the word education, there would be very little general agreement.;William Glasser;education
I think education is both using and improving knowledge and that changes the whole picture.;William Glasser;education
I never got a formal education. So my intellect is my common sense. I don't have anything else going for me. And my common sense opens the door to instinct.;Jerry Lewis;education
To defend a country you need an army, but to defend a civilization you need education.;Jonathan Sacks;education
Religiosity turns out to be the best indicator of civic involvement: it's more accurate than education, age, income, gender or race.;Jonathan Sacks;education
Freedom begins with what we teach our children. That is why Jews became a people whose passion is education, whose heroes are teachers and whose citadels are schools.;Jonathan Sacks;education
Jews know this in their bones. Our community could not exist for a day without its volunteers. They are the lifeblood of our organizations, whether they involve welfare, youth, education, care of the sick and elderly, or even protection against violence and abuse.;Jonathan Sacks;education
During the decades after Brown v. Board of Education there was terrific progress. Tens of thousands of public schools were integrated racially. During that time the gap between black and white achievement narrowed.;Jonathan Kozol;education
I am opposed to the use of public funds for private education.;Jonathan Kozol;education
Many of those who argue for vouchers say that they simply want to use competition to improve public education. I don't think it works that way, and I've been watching this for a longtime.;Jonathan Kozol;education
Racial segregation has come back to public education with a vengeance.;Jonathan Kozol;education
I believe we need a national amendment which will guarantee every child in America the promise of not just an equal education but a high-quality equal education.;Jonathan Kozol;education
There are five issues that make a fist of a hand that can knock America out cold. They're lack of jobs, obesity, diabetes, homelessness, and lack of good education.;will.i.am;education
As we develop and get quicker with technology in America, it's like we're downgrading if you look at the investment in education... that's the thing that worries me.;will.i.am;education
To throw obstacles in the way of a complete education is like putting out the eyes.;Elizabeth Cady Stanton;education
Economists report that a college education adds many thousands of dollars to a man's lifetime income - which he then spends sending his son to college.;Bill Vaughan;education
The American education system couldn't be more badly directed or poorly funded if the Secretary of Education were Ed Wood.;Dennis Miller;education
I think you can't really escape any kind of spiritual education as a child, whether it's New Age or Judaism or Buddhism or whatever it is. You can't escape it, even if you completely disagree with it, you still have it as a foundation that you base things off of.;Jack White;education
I was a total education geek. I loved school. I loved learning. I loved doing homework. All of my books and notebooks from high school are underlined and highlighted and there are notes all over the margins. And you know, I was a theater kid too. I was all over the place.;Sophia Bush;education
We must believe in the power of education. We must respect just laws. We must love ourselves, our old and or young, our women as well as our men.;Arthur Ashe;education
Here once again education is crucial, it enables children to be become more aware of their rights and to exercise them in a respectful manner which helps them shape their own future.;Carol Bellamy;education
Both class and race survive education, and neither should. What is education then? If it doesn't help a human being to recognize that humanity is humanity, what is it for? So you can make a bigger salary than other people?;Beah Richards;education
The dilemma of modern medicine, and the underlying central flaw in medical education and, most of all, in the training of interns, is the irresistible drive to do something, anything. It is expected by patients and too often agreed to by their doctors, in the face of ignorance.;Lewis Thomas;education
I'm a good son, a good father, a good husband - I've been married to the same woman for 30 years. I'm a good friend. I finished college, I have my education, I donate money anonymously. So when people criticize the kind of characters that I play on screen, I go, 'You know, that's part of history.';Samuel L. Jackson;education
I feel a social responsibility. We need to open people's eyes. There is a lack of education in Ethiopia.;Haile Gebrselassie;education
My mom was on welfare and the occasional food stamp, but I have never participated in any of those governmental programs, even the ones that kind of work like education, scholarships and whatever, and I managed to do just fine.;Adam Carolla;education
And I also thought that Richard Nixon was the greatest political education we have ever had, but it looks like we need to relearn them again.;Wavy Gravy;education
It is education that will arm us with the tools that will enable us to succeed and put a stop to the rising rates of preventable death.;Christy Turlington;education
Likewise, education can direct people toward good or evil ends. When education is based on a fundamentally distorted worldview, the results are horrific.;Daisaku Ikeda;education
The effects of human rights education can be dramatic in awakening people to the value and power of their own lives, as shown in the following stories.;Daisaku Ikeda;education
I believe public education is the new civil rights battle and I support charter schools.;Andrew Cuomo;education
Because of the lack of education on AIDS, discrimination, fear, panic, and lies surrounded me.;Ryan White;education
In these days, it is doubtful that any child may reasonably be expected to succeed in life if he is denied the opportunity of an education.;Earl Warren;education
We conclude that in the field of public education the doctrine of 'separate but equal' has no place.;Earl Warren;education
It was the full conviction of this, and of what could be done, if every man were placed in the office for which he was fitted by nature and a proper education, which first suggested to me the plan of Illumination.;Adam Weishaupt;education
The great end of education is to discipline rather than to furnish the mind to train it to the use of its own powers, rather than fill it with the accumulation of others.;Tryon Edwards;education
Education is for growth and fulfillment.;Tom Robbins;education
I don't think anybody anywhere can talk about the future of their people or of an organization without talking about education. Whoever controls the education of our children controls our future.;Wilma Mankiller;education
Furthermore, we believe that health care reform, again I said at the beginning of my remarks, that we sent the three pillars that the President's economic stabilization and job creation initiatives were education and innovation - innovation begins in the classroom - clean energy and climate, addressing the climate issues in an innovative way to keep us number one and competitive in the world with the new technology, and the third, first among equals I may say, is health care, health insurance reform.;Nancy Pelosi;education
For me, I am left leaning when it comes to health and education, on the right when it comes to defense. So I don't know where I come on the political spectrum. And I think this the challenge that a lot of Jordanians have to deal with.;King Abdullah II;education
My dad was in the army. World War II. He got his college education from the army. After World War II he became an insurance salesman. Really, I didn't know my dad very well. He and my mother split up after the war. I was raised by my maternal grandmother and grandfather, and by my mother.;Al Pacino;education
Our solution on 'The Simpsons' is to do jokes that people who have an education, or some frame of reference, can get. And for the ones who don't, it doesn't matter, because we have Homer banging his head and saying, 'D'oh!';Matt Groening;education
If adolescent pregnancy prevention is to become a priority, then our strategy, as advocates, must contain two key elements: civic engagement and education.;Jane Fonda;education
Our youth deserve the opportunity to complete their high school and college education, free of early parenthood. Their future children deserve the opportunity to grow up in financially and emotionally stable homes. Our communities benefit from healthy, productive, well-prepared young people.;Jane Fonda;education
When I was a child I didn't care about getting an education, and I didn't finish high school.;Mary J. Blige;education
Ensuring quality higher education is one of the most important things we can do for future generations.;Ron Lewis;education
I think through education, belief in God, and good engineering, our children become a lot better at what they're doing than we did, and that starts with the very first sign of life on the face of this earth.;Evel Knievel;education
I would support a devolution of power out of Washington for education, health care, transportation.;Jim DeMint;education
It begins and ends with money. It's absurd in this day and age when we need so much money for education, health, for people, that a $100 million dollars can be spent on a film. It's obscene.;Kathleen Turner;education
Illegal immigration costs taxpayers $45 billion a year in health care, education, and incarceration expenses.;Ric Keller;education
The education that prepared me was my general education classes, which I tried to avoid when I was a stupid undergraduate, but which gave me the foundation of general knowledge that makes a career as a writer possible.;Orson Scott Card;education
My mother is a special education teacher but also an artist, and my father an advertising executive. They are about as wacky as you can get without being alcoholics.;Sloane Crosley;education
My grandfather could barely read. My grandmother had a sixth-grade education. They were people who were industrious. They were frugal.;Clarence Thomas;education
More particularly, having a largely German-oriented education has made me very responsive to 19th-century German literature.;John le Carre;education
Everyone who remembers his own education remembers teachers, not methods and techniques. The teacher is the heart of the educational system.;Sidney Hook;education
Arbitrary benchmarks cheat kids out of a fulfilling education.;James Dyson;education
I think if you have to pay for your education, you worry very seriously about you're going to do when you've got your degree.;James Dyson;education
An education program is, by definition, a societal program. Work should be done at school, rather than at home.;Francois Hollande;education
As the tension eases, we must look in the direction of agriculture, industry and education as our final goals, and toward democracy under Mr Mubarak.;Naguib Mahfouz;education
One of the things that's great about New York is that it is not a one-industry town. It has education, academia, the service industry, arts, publishing, theater, politics, fashion, finance, as well as movie-making.;Sarah Jessica Parker;education
I believe that parents need to make nutrition education a priority in their home environment. It's crucial for good health and longevity to instill in your children sound eating habits from an early age.;Cat Cora;education
A mother's ability to provide for her children is not always tied to income, but rather to education.;Cat Cora;education
Education is what most receive, many pass on, and few possess.;Karl Kraus;education
Sex education is legitimate in that girls cannot be taught soon enough how children don't come into the world.;Karl Kraus;education
Reformation, like education, is a journey, not a destination.;Mary Harris Jones;education
Education levels the playing field, allowing everyone to compete.;Joyce Meyer;education
Yeah, I'm a thrill seeker, but crikey, education's the most important thing.;Steve Irwin;education
The Tories and the Lib Dems talk about social mobility, but, short of winning the lottery, the only way to guarantee young people from all backgrounds the opportunity to do better and to raise aspirations is through education.;Lucy Powell;education
