Let us speak, though we show all our faults and weaknesses, - for it is a sign of strength to be weak, to know it, and out with it - not in a set way and ostentatiously, though, but incidentally and without premeditation.;Herman Melville;strength
The strength of criticism lies in the weakness of the thing criticized.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;strength
Work is not man's punishment. It is his reward and his strength and his pleasure.;George Sand;strength
Life always rides in strength to victory, not through internationalism... but only through the direct responsibility of the individual.;Frank Lloyd Wright;strength
I like a women who's got some balls, some strength. As long as I can beat her at arm wrestling, that's fine.;James Hetfield;strength
Strength instead of being the lusty child of passion, grows by grappling with and subduing them.;James M. Barrie;strength
Many people think they want things, but they don't really have the strength, the discipline. They are weak. I believe that you get what you want if you want it badly enough.;Sophia Loren;strength
The separation of church and state is a source of strength, but the conscience of our nation does not call for separation between men of state and faith in the Supreme Being.;Lyndon B. Johnson;strength
A key to strengthening spiritual muscles and enduring hardship is finding strength in the Word of God.;Walter Martin;strength
In this outward and physical ceremony we attest once again to the inner and spiritual strength of our Nation. As my high school teacher, Miss Julia Coleman, used to say: 'We must adjust to changing times and still hold to unchanging principles.';Jimmy Carter;strength
The depth and strength of a human character are defined by its moral reserves. People reveal themselves completely only when they are thrown out of the customary conditions of their life, for only then do they have to fall back on their reserves.;Leon Trotsky;strength
I know there is strength in the differences between us. I know there is comfort where we overlap.;Ani DiFranco;strength
The virtue of paganism was strength the virtue of Christianity is obedience.;Augustus Hare;strength
If you would know strength and patience, welcome the company of trees.;Hal Borland;strength
The man who is swimming against the stream knows the strength of it.;Woodrow Wilson;strength
Courage conquers all things: it even gives strength to the body.;Ovid;strength
I believe in prayer. It's the best way we have to draw strength from heaven.;Josephine Baker;strength
Our passion is our strength.;Billie Joe Armstrong;strength
Prayer is more than meditation. In meditation the source of strength is one's self. When one prays he goes to a source of strength greater than his own.;Chiang Kai-shek;strength
Not one man in a thousand has the strength of mind or the goodness of heart to be an atheist.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;strength
Credulity is the man's weakness, but the child's strength.;Charles Lamb;strength
There are movements which impinge upon the nerves with a strength that is incomparable, for movement has power to stir the senses and emotions, unique in itself.;Doris Humphrey;strength
I'm not just a doormat. I'm not just being stepped on all over the place. If you look at the bulk of my material, it's about trying to find some strength through that.;Lucinda Williams;strength
The relationship to one's fellow man is the relationship of prayer, the relationship to oneself is the relationship of striving it is from prayer that one draws the strength for one's striving.;Franz Kafka;strength
I report to you that our country is challenged at home and abroad: that it is our will that is being tried and not our strength our sense of purpose and not our ability to achieve a better America.;Lyndon B. Johnson;strength
The men who have guided the destiny of the United States have found the strength for their tasks by going to their knees. This private unity of public men and their God is an enduring source of reassurance for the people of America.;Lyndon B. Johnson;strength
Sometimes the strength of motherhood is greater than natural laws.;Barbara Kingsolver;strength
He knows not his own strength that hath not met adversity.;Cesare Pavese;strength
Even as we enumerate their shortcomings, the rigor of raising children ourselves makes clear to us our mothers' incredible strength. We fear both. If they are not strong, who will protect us? If they are not imperfect, how can we equal them?;Anna Quindlen;strength
When strength is yoked with justice, where is a mightier pair than they?;Aeschylus;strength
Men are apt to mistake the strength of their feeling for the strength of their argument. The heated mind resents the chill touch and relentless scrutiny of logic.;William E. Gladstone;strength
'Charm' - which means the power to effect work without employing brute force - is indispensable to women. Charm is a woman's strength just as strength is a man's charm.;Havelock Ellis;strength
Power is not an institution, and not a structure neither is it a certain strength we are endowed with it is the name that one attributes to a complex strategical situation in a particular society.;Michel Foucault;strength
While President Bush likes to project an image of strength and courage, the real truth is that in the presence of his large financial contributors, he is a moral coward.;Al Gore;strength
It's being willing to walk away that gives you strength and power - if you're willing to accept the consequences of doing what you want to do.;Whoopi Goldberg;strength
Lust is to the other passions what the nervous fluid is to life it supports them all, lends strength to them all ambition, cruelty, avarice, revenge, are all founded on lust.;Marquis de Sade;strength
Power is so characteristically calm, that calmness in itself has the aspect of strength.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;strength
That strange feeling we had in the war. Have you found anything in your lives since to equal it in strength? A sort of splendid carelessness it was, holding us together.;Noel Coward;strength
Conscience is a coward, and those faults it has not strength enough to prevent it seldom has justice enough to accuse.;Oliver Goldsmith;strength
It is wonderful what strength of purpose and boldness and energy of will are roused by the assurance that we are doing our duty.;Walter Scott;strength
From the depth of need and despair, people can work together, can organize themselves to solve their own problems and fill their own needs with dignity and strength.;Cesar Chavez;strength
Calm, open debate, and logical thought drive strength to its maximum effectiveness.;Billy Corgan;strength
I do think the heart can balance out the mind, if your heart is in a good place it can give you the strength to do the right thing and behave the right way and overcome the mind.;Alexis Arguello;strength
Will power is only the tensile strength of one's own disposition. One cannot increase it by a single ounce.;Cesare Pavese;strength
Strength is born in the deep silence of long-suffering hearts not amid joy.;Arthur Helps;strength
Only actions give life strength only moderation gives it charm.;Jean Paul;strength
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity.;Louis Pasteur;strength
You really have to look inside yourself and find your own inner strength, and say, 'I'm proud of what I am and who I am, and I'm just going to be myself.';Mariah Carey;strength
Knowledge is not a passion from without the mind, but an active exertion of the inward strength, vigor and power of the mind, displaying itself from within.;Ralph Cudworth;strength
America's strength is not our diversity our strength is our ability to unite people of different backgrounds around common principles. A common language is necessary to reach that goal.;Ernest Istook;strength
God grant you the strength to fight off the temptations of surrender.;Walter Annenberg;strength
To be loved is a strength. To love is a weakness.;Zsa Zsa Gabor;strength
The five separate fingers are five independent units. Close them and the fist multiplies strength. This is organization.;James Cash Penney;strength
Libraries are reservoirs of strength, grace and wit, reminders of order, calm and continuity, lakes of mental energy, neither warm nor cold, light nor dark.;Germaine Greer;strength
Strengthen me by sympathizing with my strength, not my weakness.;Amos Bronson Alcott;strength
Don't be intimidated by what you don't know. That can be your greatest strength and ensure that you do things differently from everyone else.;Sara Blakely;strength
When you call upon a Thoroughbred, he gives you all the speed, strength of heart and sinew in him. When you call on a jackass, he kicks.;Patricia Neal;strength
Wisdom is always an overmatch for strength.;Phil Jackson;strength
Yes, forget your weakness, whatever that weakness may be. It is egotism, it is selfishness after. all, for it is a dwelling on self. Forget your weakness and remember your strength.;Joseph Barber Lightfoot;strength
A lot of guys have muscles. A lot of strong men in this world. I think it's important to show that even under all this strength there's a fragile side, a side that can be affected.;Sylvester Stallone;strength
If you put all your strength and faith and vigor into a job and try to do the best you can, the money will come.;Lawrence Welk;strength
All the strength and force of man comes from his faith in things unseen. He who believes is strong he who doubts is weak. Strong convictions precede great actions.;James Freeman Clarke;strength
I know now what this meant, that the bison were the gift of a good spirit and were our strength, but we should lose them, and from the same good spirit we must find another strength.;Black Elk;strength
Let a woman have her place, because as you provide foundation for her, she provides a foundation for you. And through that vulnerability comes strength.;Shemar Moore;strength
Liturgy is like a strong tree whose beauty is derived from the continuous renewal of its leaves, but whose strength comes from the old trunk, with solid roots in the ground.;Pope Paul VI;strength
The failure of academic feminists to recognize difference as a crucial strength is a failure to reach beyond the first patriarchal lesson. In our world, divide and conquer must become define and empower.;Audre Lorde;strength
I think that we had a different view of what the 21st century could be like, with much more of a sense, from our perspective, of trying to have an interdependent world: looking at solving regional conflicts, having strength in alliances, operating within some kind of a sense that we were part of the international community and not outside of it.;Madeleine Albright;strength
It is a maudlin and indecent verity that comes out through the strength of wine.;Joseph Conrad;strength
In solitude the mind gains strength and learns to lean upon itself.;Laurence Sterne;strength
Quarreling over food and drink, having neither scruples nor shame, not knowing right from wrong, not trying to avoid death or injury, not fearful of greater strength or of greater numbers, greedily aware only of food and drink - such is the bravery of the dog and boar.;Xun Zi;strength
In America, now, let us - Christian, Jew, Muslim, agnostic, atheist, wiccan, whatever - fight nativism with the same strength and conviction that we fight terrorism. My faith calls on its followers to love one's enemies. A tall order, that - perhaps the tallest of all.;Jon Meacham;strength
I had a vision with which I might have saved my people, but I had not the strength to do it.;Black Elk;strength
Strength and wisdom are not opposing values.;William J. Clinton;strength
There is always strength in numbers. The more individuals or organizations that you can rally to your cause, the better.;Mark Shields;strength
It's always difficult to play a scene of physical violence because you're always afraid that you don't know your own strength and might hurt someone.;Catherine Deneuve;strength
From the gut comes the strut, and where hunger reigns, strength abstains.;Francois Rabelais;strength
I have arm-wrestled here and there... guys seem to want to test my strength.;Shania Twain;strength
I have the people behind me and the people are my strength.;Huey Newton;strength
People confuse goodness with weakness. It is weak people, not good people (goodness demands strength), who are taken advantage of.;Dennis Prager;strength
Each is under the most sacred obligation not to squander the material committed to him, not to sap his strength in folly and vice, and to see at the least that he delivers a product worthy the labor and cost which have been expended on him.;Anna Julia Cooper;strength
The apple cannot be stuck back on the Tree of Knowledge once we begin to see, we are doomed and challenged to seek the strength to see more, not less.;Arthur Miller;strength
People think of Latina women as being fiery and fierce, which is usually true. But I think the quality that so many Latinas possess is strength. I'm very proud to have Latin blood.;Zoe Saldana;strength
Strength does not have to be belligerent and loud.;Russell Brand;strength
A strength to harm is perilous in the hand of an ambitious head.;Elizabeth I;strength
I've been playing against older and stronger competition my whole life. It has made me a better tennis player and able to play against this kind of level despite their strength and experience.;Maria Sharapova;strength
Each blade of grass has its spot on earth whence it draws its life, its strength and so is man rooted to the land from which he draws his faith together with his life.;Joseph Conrad;strength
I couldn't beat people with my strength I don't have a hard shot I'm not the quickest skater in the league. My eyes and my mind have to do most of the work.;Wayne Gretzky;strength
It may be that religion is dead, and if it is, we had better know it and set ourselves to try to discover other sources of moral strength before it is too late.;Pearl S. Buck;strength
The breaking wave and the muscle as it contracts obey the same law. Delicate line gathers the body's total strength in a bold balance. Shall my soul meet so severe a curve, journeying on its way to form?;Dag Hammarskjold;strength
Organized religion is a sham and a crutch for weak-minded people who need strength in numbers. It tells people to go out and stick their noses in other people's business.;Jesse Ventura;strength
Some great men owe most of their greatness to the ability of detecting in those they destine for their tools the exact quality of strength that matters for their work.;Joseph Conrad;strength
Our firm conviction that ours is a just cause and that we must find a peaceful way to attain our goals gave us the strength and the awareness of the limits beyond which we must not go.;Lech Walesa;strength
Women have seldom sufficient employment to silence their feelings a round of little cares, or vain pursuits frittering away all strength of mind and organs, they become naturally only objects of sense.;Mary Wollstonecraft;strength
Thank you to all for your prayers and good wishes. It gave me the strength to persevere and warmed my heart.;Steven Cojocaru;strength
I challenge anybody to say that I wouldn't know how to approach foreign policy because, unlike some of the other people, I at least have a foreign policy philosophy, which is an extension of the Reagan philosophy. Peace through strength, and my philosophy is peace through strength and clarity.;Herman Cain;strength
Peace is purchased from strength. It's not purchased from weakness or unilateral retreats.;Benjamin Netanyahu;strength
Some say that I should settle down, go slower and not push so hard, so quickly for such transformational change. To them, I say that you misunderstand the size of the problems we face, the strength of the status quo and the urgency of the people's desire for change.;Eliot Spitzer;strength
As thy days, so shall thy strength be which, in modern language, may be translated as thy thoughts so shall thy life be.;Emmet Fox;strength
An American, a Negro... two souls, two thoughts, two unreconciled strivings two warring ideals in one dark body, whose dogged strength alone keeps it from being torn asunder.;W. E. B. Du Bois;strength
