One can hardly be Indian and not know that almost every accent, which hand you eat your food with, has some deeper symbolic truth, reality.;Anish Kapoor;food
Everyone would talk about their diets and working out and what it made me do was go to craft services where all the food for the cast and crew was and I would eat.;Kristin Davis;food
In corn, I think I've found the key to the American food chain. If you look at a fast-food meal, a McDonald's meal, virtually all the carbon in it - and what we eat is mostly carbon - comes from corn.;Michael Pollan;food
At home I serve the kind of food I know the story behind.;Michael Pollan;food
Corn is an efficient way to get energy calories off the land and soybeans are an efficient way of getting protein off the land, so we've designed a food system that produces a lot of cheap corn and soybeans resulting in a lot of cheap fast food.;Michael Pollan;food
Perhaps more than any other, the food industry is very sensitive to consumer demand.;Michael Pollan;food
People in Slow Food understand that food is an environmental issue.;Michael Pollan;food
Fairness forces you - even when you're writing a piece highly critical of, say, genetically modified food, as I have done - to make sure you represent the other side as extensively and as accurately as you possibly can.;Michael Pollan;food
If you're out, and starving, and need a bite to eat, then you need fast food.;Nicholas Hoult;food
A few years ago, kids from poor areas in France were asked to draw items of food. For a chicken, they drew a drumstick. For a fish, they drew a fish stick. Those are extremes, but there is a lot that needs to be done to help children discover good food.;Joel Robuchon;food
Talking about food is like talking about your dreams. Everyone has something to say. We all have to eat, it's just what we eat which differs. Some people eat for fuel and I feel bad for them.;Gael Garcia Bernal;food
Mexican food is far more varied than people think. It changes like dialects. I was brought up in Jalisco by the sea on a basic diet - tomatoes, chillis, peppers of every size and rice, which is a Mexican staple. The Pacific coast has a huge array of seafood.;Gael Garcia Bernal;food
I think the water dictates how food will taste in a country. In England the apples taste unlike apples grown in any other place. England is an island, there's a lot of salt in the air and in the water. I think that has something to do with it.;Gael Garcia Bernal;food
Latin food suffers like Chinese. You can do marginal Chinese and be successful. You can do crappy Mexican and be packed.;Aaron Sanchez;food
Murals in restaurants are on a par with the food in museums.;Peter De Vries;food
The murals in restaurants are on par with the food in museums.;Peter De Vries;food
I get way too much happiness from good food.;Elizabeth Olsen;food
Money spent on carbon cuts is money we can't use for effective investments in food aid, micronutrients, HIV/AIDS prevention, health and education infrastructure, and clean water and sanitation.;Bjorn Lomborg;food
I believe food is the most brilliant invention ever.;Helena Christensen;food
I am a serious food lover and Peruvian cuisine is one of the best in the world.;Helena Christensen;food
From the minute I wake up until I go to bed I think about food.;Helena Christensen;food
My perfect day is constantly changing. Right now, it would be to lie around in a hammock reading with a portable phone and a table of food next to it. I would spend all day there. And that's all that I can possibly come up with on the spur of the moment.;Eric Stoltz;food
For me, first, it's finding quiet in my life - and I do that through yoga and meditation. It's also been a matter of changing the way I eat, because I think what we eat can inform who we are food is a chemical and a drug to a certain extent.;Mariel Hemingway;food
What I've been developing is a vegan fast food chain and vegan food markets.;Heather Mills;food
I got a fascination with food.;Heather Mills;food
I had no accomplishments except surviving. But that isn't enough in the community where I came from, because everybody was doing it. So I wasn't prepared for America, where everybody is glowing with good teeth and good clothes and food.;Frank McCourt;food
My parents owned a soul food diner. It inspired me to go to culinary school.;Flavor Flav;food
I love tiny, plastic realistic food magnets. I don't know why. They're hilarious.;Amy Lee;food
I'm not a food critic, and I'm not really an authority to write anything on food.;Alex Kapranos;food
A lot of food criticism has a similar flavor to it, and I'm probably going to write about it in a different way.;Alex Kapranos;food
My mother accidentally gave me food poisoning. She fed me baby carrots for a snack before Christmas dinner - but they had expired in June! I threw up for the next 24 hours.;Busy Philipps;food
They advertise on the radio for food stamps!;Bill O'Reilly;food
Not to like ice cream is to show oneself uninterested in food.;Joseph Epstein;food
I like food too much to go on some crazy diet. French fries are my favorite downfall.;Holly Madison;food
Since I've been pregnant, I've lost my taste for fast food. I used to be the biggest McDonald's junkie and now I don't like it anymore. I used to be the biggest fast-food connoisseur, and now I've really lost my taste for it.;Holly Madison;food
I love chicken fingers, I love French fries. I love desserts. I'm not just into dessert or just into savoury food. I love it all. I'm a pig. I love food. So it takes a lot of discipline to eat healthy.;Holly Madison;food
If the first requisite for writing well about food is a good appetite, the second is to put in your apprenticeship as a feeder when you have enough money to pay the check but not enough to produce indifference of the total.;A. J. Liebling;food
The primary requisite for writing well about food is a good appetite. Without this, it is impossible to accumulate, within the allotted span, enough experience of eating to have anything worth setting down.;A. J. Liebling;food
Each of us needs something - food, liquor, pot, whatever - to help us survive. Dracula needs blood.;Frank Langella;food
And on a Canadian set, everybody is equal. You get paid the same. You live together in barracks. You have a communal kitchen. You buy and cook your own food.;Sandra Oh;food
I came literally to the table with a wealth of knowledge by simply understanding how food should taste.;Rocco DiSpirito;food
I have an amazing relationship with food.;Katharine McPhee;food
Grief is a bad moon, a sleeper wave. It's like having an inner combatant, a saboteur who, at the slightest change in the sunlight, or at the first notes of a jingle for a dog food commercial, will flick the memory switch, bringing tears to your eyes.;Meghan O'Rourke;food
I love to cook comfort food. I'll make fish and vegetables or meat and vegetables and potatoes or rice. The ritual of it is fun for me, and the creativity of it.;Reese Witherspoon;food
There have been nine Super Bowls in New Orleans, and not all of them have brought the best of luck to NFL Films. We got robbed twice there, got food poisoning, and my hotel room was broken into on the day the Bears played the Patriots in January 1986.;Steve Sabol;food
Many people submit to excessive appetites without realizing that they do not need to eat so much food.;Kate Smith;food
What we are trying to do is to create a social business in Bangladesh, a joint venture to create restaurants for common people. Good, healthy food at affordable prices so that people don't have to opt for food that is unhealthy and unhygienic.;Muhammad Yunus;food
I'm not too into fast food, but you know if I was, it would be chicken.;Giancarlo Esposito;food
The food in Sydney is an Asian Pacific cuisine. It's eclectic but above all it's fresh, inventive and creative and that's what I love about it.;Baz Luhrmann;food
We don't really go in for big family dinners, but Scottish people are famously confrontational. It's a cultural thing, so maybe we don't need to have them to clear the air. Also, traditional family food isn't as nice here so there's no payoff for traveling hundreds of miles.;Denise Mina;food
First I would probably place men at the bottom of the food chain. On a grander scale, I would say they're reacting to change. Feminism has got to be part of that.;Neil LaBute;food
The pride of the hipster food movement is sort of annoying, but it fascinates me.;Matt Stone;food
I think there's a lot of work to be done with our societies. My biggest passions are the environment and health. And when I say 'health' I mean the secrets behind health and our food system.;Shailene Woodley;food
It was very clear to me in 1965, in Mississippi, that, as a lawyer, I could get people into schools, desegregate the schools, but if they were kicked off the plantations - and if they didn't have food, didn't have jobs, didn't have health care, didn't have the means to exercise those civil rights, we were not going to have success.;Marian Wright Edelman;food
My sisters like cooking at my place. It has a bit more room, and the food tastes a little bit better. A big pot of spaghetti and sauce, some warm French bread - works all the time. I think I've been eating pasta for 26 years.;Tom Brady;food
Meat is a big deal in my life. I do love breakfast food, but I don't think that's extraordinary. I'm a normal American. We love eggs and meat and potatoes and gravy.;Nick Offerman;food
Just a little help, a small security force, a bit of food, can save lives.;Nicholas D. Kristof;food
The world spends $40 billion a year on pet food.;Nicholas D. Kristof;food
America is a such a melting pot, I'm not sure if roast chicken is the classic comfort food for everybody.;Eric Ripert;food
There is great food in Vegas.;Eric Ripert;food
I don't follow the food trends.;Eric Ripert;food
I suppose women are attracted to the bad-boy image sometimes because it's fun to have an adventure. It's like eating junk food... it's fun at the time, but ultimately not the best choice.;Dita Von Teese;food
Looking back, there is nothing wrong with that peace, love and equality that the hippies espoused. In many ways, we have regressed because they were into organic food, back to nature, make love not war, be good to all men, share and share alike - which is what many are talking about now.;Imelda Staunton;food
Taste as you go. When you taste the food throughout the cooking process you can make adjustments as you go.;Anne Burrell;food
I don't really believe in diets. I love food... If I deprive myself, I'm going to want it more. I snack on yogurt, raw cashews and cherry tomatoes.;Nicole Scherzinger;food
I have experienced some amazing food! Yet when I think about the most luxurious and exquisite meals I have had, visions of simple food made from a few natural ingredients are what most excite me.;Mark Hyman;food
I don't need the fillers, additives, excessive amounts of sugars, fats, salts and other measures taken to taint the natural goodness of real food.;Mark Hyman;food
The very fact that we are having a national conversation about what we should eat, that we are struggling with the question about what the best diet is, is symptomatic of how far we have strayed from the natural conditions that gave rise to our species, from the simple act of eating real, whole, fresh food.;Mark Hyman;food
We need a grassroots movement and government policies and programs to change the food landscape and the built environment to give our children a chance to have happy, healthy successful lives.;Mark Hyman;food
Most schools have only a microwave or deep fryer, hardly the tools needed to feed our children real, fresh food.;Mark Hyman;food
When it becomes a revolutionary act to eat real food, we are in trouble.;Mark Hyman;food
Life excites me-just little, normal, everyday things. Getting out of bed. Getting dressed. Making food. I find it all exciting.;Liv Tyler;food
You can see my guns at my apartment. The safe room is a special place... It's good to have a safe room in your house. It's storm-proof we've got food, store supplies, all kinds of stuff.;Luke Scott;food
Bahrainis are better off than many other Arabs. We have a welfare state, everybody gets a salary whether they have a job or not. Electricity and food are subsidized school and healthcare are free. And we don't differentiate between Bahrainis and foreigners. We are very proud of that.;Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa;food
It's a funny thing about me. I don't have any interest in food most of the time now, although when I was a kid I was always hungry.;Alan Ladd;food
Contaminated food is a major cause of diarrhea, substantially contributing to malnutrition and killing about 2.2 million people each year, most of them children.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;food
The development of the food industry for both domestic and export markets relies on a regulatory framework that both protects the consumer and assures fair trading practices in food.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;food
We are also in the process of defining how best to work together with food and other companies to address diet and physical activity factors in order to prevent chronic diseases.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;food
We hear all around us to love ourselves, and one of the ways we can do that is to eat food that serves our body, but also for us to love the food we're eating.;Gabrielle Reece;food
Eating and food are a wonderful part of our life's experience, and half of us are walking around dreading having to figure out what to put in our mouths.;Gabrielle Reece;food
Food is fuel and not a solution to anything other than giving your body nutrients. I love chocolate like the next girl, but it's not going to change my situation.;Gabrielle Reece;food
I love HGTV. I love the Food Network.;Tim Gunn;food
You can give men food and leisure and amusements and good conditions of work, and still they will remain unsatisfied. You can deny them all these things, and they will not complain so long as they feel that they have something to die for.;Christopher Dawson;food
When you get to fifty-two food becomes more important than sex.;Tom Lehrer;food
If I am in London I like a quick get away to The Olde Bell in Hurley... It's nearby and no stress - great food and beautiful walks.;Sadie Frost;food
Our budget works to reduce and eliminate the risk of attacks at our ports, rails, in the skies, our food supply and roads by allowing for increases in many of the programs and agencies to help protect these important areas of commerce and travel.;Jim Ryun;food
Temptation is like a knife, that may either cut the meat or the throat of a man it may be his food or his poison, his exercise or his destruction.;John Owen;food
It seems the most logical thing in the world to believe that the natural resources of the Earth, upon which the race depends for food, clothing and shelter, should be owned collectively by the race instead of being the private property of a few social parasites.;Ralph Chaplin;food
I started eating healthier. I actually gave up fast food. I gave up candy and potato chips and everything else. I started watching what I ate.;Ryan Lochte;food
When I go on stage man I just want people to have fun, I don't want people to think about their problems, I want people to get energy and nutrition and food from that so they can go back into the real world and work on their problems.;Jon Fishman;food
The most successful person is the one who is most inspired. That is true in food and in life.;Ron Ben-Israel;food
America is becoming more and more dependent upon imports from foreign manufacturers than we are exports from our country in all fields: in appliances, in clothing, even food. This year America may become for the first time in its history a net food importer.;Marcy Kaptur;food
I love making Italian food. And coconut chicken.;Joe Jonas;food
Sometimes I even now feel like a stranger in my country. But I knew there would be problems because I had seen the world as a skater. And now? A lot of people in eastern Germany have lost jobs, rents went up, food costs went up, unemployment went to 20 percent. Freedom is good, but it is not easy.;Katarina Witt;food
I heard about the project over a year before we began. My American agent said, 'Oh, you might want to read 'In Cold Blood' because they're talking about you for Capote, but the script's with Johnny Depp and Sean Penn at the moment.' So, these things take their time to dribble down the food chain.;Toby Jones;food
The United Nations four or five years ago put out a study that said the meat industry, meat-eating, growing meat for food is the No. 1 killer of our planet - not No. 2 or No. 3: No 1. You know what's No. 2? Transportation. Everyone thinks that No. 1 is transportation, and goes out and buys a hybrid car. Screw the hybrid cars. Don't eat hamburgers.;Maggie Q;food
I will never forget experiencing Venice for the first time. It feels like you are transported to another time - the art, music, food and pure romance in the air is like no other place.;Elizabeth Berkley;food
Food should be raw, just the way God intended it!;Carol Alt;food
When I travel I normally eat club sandwiches or I bring my own food. When you go into a new town, it's very had to find a good place to eat.;Paul Prudhomme;food
