Every experience makes you a man.;Eric Cantona;experience
I've been playing against older and stronger competition my whole life. It has made me a better tennis player and able to play against this kind of level despite their strength and experience.;Maria Sharapova;experience
It took me years to understand that words are often as important as experience, because words make experience last.;William Morris;experience
Observation more than books and experience more than persons, are the prime educators.;Amos Bronson Alcott;experience
The more you are getting older, you lose a little something. Of course there is another advantage, because of your long experience you can use it.;Haile Gebrselassie;experience
Reasoning draws a conclusion, but does not make the conclusion certain, unless the mind discovers it by the path of experience.;Roger Bacon;experience
Proverbs are short sentences drawn from long experience.;Miguel de Cervantes;experience
Both expectations and memories are more than mere images founded on previous experience.;Samuel Alexander;experience
We are volcanoes. When we women offer our experience as our truth, as human truth, all the maps change. There are new mountains.;Ursula K. Le Guin;experience
That's not to say that women's priorities are better than men's. Rather, when women are empowered, when they can speak from the experience of their own lives, they often address different, previously neglected issues. And families and whole communities benefit.;Dee Dee Myers;experience
Mississippi Mermaid was a very special experience because we only had the dialogues for the scenes we were shooting the night before.;Catherine Deneuve;experience
I don't think I even knew how big we were at the time. It was mad. I gained a lot through East 17 and I'm grateful for being able to have that experience.;Brian Harvey;experience
I loved the material when I first read it, and the experience of making the film was a great one. So when we came around to complete the trilogy, I just signed on board without even reading the scripts because the experience of the first film was so good.;Keanu Reeves;experience
I mean, if you didn't get it or if you didn't feel like you enjoyed it, sometimes that experience can change.;Keanu Reeves;experience
You may never learn the names of any of the people you talk to in a dog park, even after many, many hours spent there with them, and many hours of conversation. But if - knock on wood - anything should ever happen to your dog, these nameless non-strangers will rally, sympathize, offer to help, and hold your hand. I know this from experience.;Susan Orlean;experience
Living in a rural setting exposes you to so many marvelous things - the natural world and the particular texture of small-town life, and the exhilarating experience of open space.;Susan Orlean;experience
Parents, it seems, have an almost Olympian persistence when it comes to suggesting more secure and lucrative lines of work for their children who have the notion that writing is an actual profession. I say this from experience.;Susan Orlean;experience
Buying a car used to be an experience so soul-scorching, so confidence-splattering, so existentially rattling that an entire car company was based on the promise that you wouldn't have to come in contact with it.;Susan Orlean;experience
Sometimes I get so bold and I'm so confident about what I'm doing that I actually try to be more of a dork because it's a really liberating feeling to experience what it's like to not care.;John Mayer;experience
We experience problem-solving sessions as war zones, we view competing ideas as enemies, and we use problems as weapons to blame and defeat opposition forces. No wonder we can't come up with real lasting solutions!;Margaret J. Wheatley;experience
I think each movie-making process is a very exhausting and satisfying and fulfilling experience for me.;Ang Lee;experience
I'm not a romantic. In life I didn't have much experience with romance.;Ang Lee;experience
So when you do your family tree and Margaret Cho does hers, and... Wanda Sykes and John Legend... we're adding to the database that scholars can then draw from to generalize about the complexity of the American experience. And that's the contribution that family trees make to broader scholarship.;Henry Louis Gates;experience
I can only speak from my own personal experience, being behind the camera and in front of it, but every magazine cover you see is completely airbrushed.;Janice Dickinson;experience
To most men experience is like the stern lights of a ship, which illuminate only the track it has passed.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;experience
As for the forces, electromagnetism and gravity we experience in everyday life. But the weak and strong forces are beyond our ordinary experience. So in physics, lots of the basic building blocks take 20th- or perhaps 21st-century equipment to explore.;Edward Witten;experience
Bad experience is a school that only fools keep going to.;Ezra Taft Benson;experience
No 27-year-old has the experience to run a company that does a quarter of a billion dollars a year in sales.;Calvin Klein;experience
Breathe-in experience, breathe-out poetry.;Muriel Rukeyser;experience
Another way of judging the value of a prophet's religious experience, therefore, would be to examine the type of manhood that he has created, and the cultural world that has sprung out of the spirit of his message.;Muhammad Iqbal;experience
The possibility of a scientific treatment of history means a wider experience, a greater maturity of practical reason, and finally a fuller realization of certain basic ideas regarding the nature of life and time.;Muhammad Iqbal;experience
It's more fun to experience things when you don't know what's going to happen.;Louis C. K.;experience
Can advertising foist an inferior product on the consumer? Bitter experience has taught me that it cannot. On those rare occasions when I have advertised products which consumer tests have found inferior to other products in the same field, the results have been disastrous.;David Ogilvy;experience
In my experience, it is rarer to find a really happy person in a circle of millionaires than among vagabonds.;Thor Heyerdahl;experience
Sometimes when we weep in the movies we weep for ourselves or for a life unlived. Or we even go to the movies because we want to resist the emotion that's there in front of us. I think there is always a catharsis that I look for and that makes the movie experience worthwhile.;Edward Zwick;experience
There are such beings as vampires, some of us have evidence that they exist. Even had we not the proof of our own unhappy experience, the teachings and the records of the past give proof enough for sane peoples.;Bram Stoker;experience
If you sit in a position where decisions that you take would have a serious effect on people, you can't ignore a lot of experience around the world which says this drug has these negative effects.;Thabo Mbeki;experience
I think any spiritual experience that's worthwhile is not about ego and it will humble you in some way. And also, a Zen monk once said to me, 'If you're not laughing, then you're not getting it.';David O. Russell;experience
The position that I take partly as a result of living in Asia is where you stop living according to your expectations and you become available to experience things as they are.;Martha Beck;experience
Truly charismatic people, in my experience, don't come along very often.;Francesca Annis;experience
The wonderful thing about acting is you move along with your decade. The older you get, the more interesting the parts you get to play and you bring more of your personal experience to the part.;Francesca Annis;experience
Everyone will experience the consequences of his own acts. If his act are right, he'll get good consequences if they're not, he'll suffer for it.;Harry Browne;experience
Going to the theater is such a joyous experience. My dad would take my sister and me to plays when we were very young, like six or seven years old.;Julia Roberts;experience
The soul is everlasting, and its learning experience is lifetime after lifetime.;Shirley MacLaine;experience
When a child comes in, I believe that it's a 'multipersonhood,' and it knows it, its consciousness knows it, and it has a nuclei in the center of its consciousness that is the repository of all experience and all knowledge. And when you look in the eyes of your baby and you feel this sense that they are an old soul, I believe indeed they are.;Shirley MacLaine;experience
Well, I think the main message is there is more to your story. There is more than what happens between the crib and the grave, and that is what I am really trying to speak to, this idea that all of life is this life and that there is nothing more than what we see and experience right here on this earth.;Max Lucado;experience
The biggest danger to the European Union comes not from those who advocate change, but from those who denounce new thinking as heresy. In its long history Europe has experience of heretics who turned out to have a point.;David Cameron;experience
I'm not trying to be romantic. I think you can tell when people are trying to be sexy onstage. When I was doing 'All the Way,' I was really thinking about my wife. People don't know my personal experience, but they can tell it's an honest interpretation.;Harry Connick, Jr.;experience
While teaching, I also worked undercover in the lower courts by saying I was a young law teacher wanting experience in criminal law. The judges were happy to assist me but what I learned was how corrupt the lower courts were. Judges were accepting money right in the courtroom.;Samuel Dash;experience
I believe there's no proverb but what is true they are all so many sentences and maxims drawn from experience, the universal mother of sciences.;Miguel de Cervantes;experience
Loneliness is and always has been the central and inevitable experience of every man.;Thomas Wolfe;experience
The deeper the experience of an absence of meaning - in other words, of absurdity - the more energetically meaning is sought.;Vaclav Havel;experience
The human face is the organic seat of beauty. It is the register of value in development, a record of Experience, whose legitimate office is to perfect the life, a legible language to those who will study it, of the majestic mistress, the soul.;Eliza Farnham;experience
I did a play called Throne of Straw when I was 11, at the Odyssey Theatre in Los Angeles. It became really clear to me at that point that I enjoyed acting more than any other experience I was having.;Kiefer Sutherland;experience
You can't leave out half the world's experience and expect to address all the problems. Women communicate differently and process information differently, which leads them to resolve conflicts differently.;Dee Dee Myers;experience
There's nothing wrong with acknowledging the panoply of life's rich experience.;David Duchovny;experience
When fish experience something that would cause other animals physical pain, they behave in ways suggestive of pain, and the change in behaviour may last several hours.;Peter Singer;experience
Experience is what you get while looking for something else.;Federico Fellini;experience
I've had to come to grips with a God that fits my own experience, which is, my God could not be offering protection and not have protected my boy.;Elizabeth Edwards;experience
From my experience, I think that every actor has to make sure that they're in charge of their own career somehow or other.;Alan Rickman;experience
I am the the type to have a personal experience with a celebrity, but I'm too classy to bring that up.;Todd Barry;experience
I've always been attracted to cars, and driving is a completely measurable experience: if you qualify last on the grid, you're the slowest, and if you qualify first on the grid, you're the fastest. So no one can say you're slow if you're fast and no one can say you're fast if you're slow.;Eric Bana;experience
When I look back at the tapes, your first everything, your first All-Star Game, your first playoff experience, it just seems like it went by really fast.;Roger Clemens;experience
Judgement comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgement.;Simon Bolivar;experience
My image had always been very heterosexual, very straight. So it was a nice experience for me, a chance to clarify my own feelings about gay and lesbian civil rights.;Bruce Springsteen;experience
Whether born from experience or inherent physiological or cultural differences our gender and national origins may and will make a difference in our judging.;Sonia Sotomayor;experience
I very rarely came across rude or disrespectful people. I don't know how I slipped by all of them, but I honestly can't think of one experience off the top of my head that was like that. I'm sure they're there, but I'd have to think really hard to recall them.;Scott Baio;experience
Yet higher religion, which is only a search for a larger life, is essentially experience and recognized the necessity of experience as its foundation long before science learnt to do so.;Muhammad Iqbal;experience
It may, however, be said that the level of experience to which concepts are inapplicable cannot yield any knowledge of a universal character, for concepts alone are capable of being socialized.;Muhammad Iqbal;experience
The standpoint of the man who relies on religious experience for capturing Reality must always remain individual and incommunicable.;Muhammad Iqbal;experience
An enormous part of our mature experience cannot not be expressed in words.;Alfred North Whitehead;experience
When I was 12 years old, someone took me to see Martha Graham. It was nothing like what I thought of as serious dancing and even then I knew I was having a great experience. It was as if somebody was moving through space like no one ever did before.;Leslie Fiedler;experience
For some young people, their first experience ever hearing punk rock music was playing the Green Bay Packers on 'Madden'.;Billie Joe Armstrong;experience
I have a theory that the best ads come from personal experience. Some of the good ones I have done have really come out of the real experience of my life, and somehow this has come over as true and valid and persuasive.;David Ogilvy;experience
Many spiritual teachers - in Buddhism, in Islam - have talked about first-hand experience of the world as an important part of the path to wisdom, to enlightenment.;Bell Hooks;experience
I've been looking to do TV for a while. I've always done guest starring stuff. I've done a couple of multi-episode arcs, and I've always loved the experience.;Christina Ricci;experience
More people should read books. It's the most concentrated experience you can have.;Vivienne Westwood;experience
The first essential in writing about anything is that the writer should have no experience of the matter.;Isadora Duncan;experience
I hate it when people don't recognize the work of women as being universal, or having any import to the world at large, as opposed to men's work, which is generally tends to be seen as more universal - men's writing about their own experience tends to be put in a broader context.;Ani DiFranco;experience
I had the experience last year of directing my first feature while I had a 1-year-old son and while I was also pregnant, so I am now well aware of the difficulties women who are rearing children face when they're also trying to make headway in mainstream of film.;Diablo Cody;experience
You know, it shouldn't just be about women as heroic figures overcoming things, it just needs to be about women in general getting the opportunity to play a multitude of roles, telling a multitude of stories - just to express human experience from a woman's perspective. I hope, someday, we can get to that point. I'm all about representation.;Diablo Cody;experience
There's probably no experience more alienating than fame, other than a terminal illness, where you actually find yourself in a situation that nobody around you can relate to.;Diablo Cody;experience
One nice thing about being a woman in Hollywood is that the women tend to be very close-knit. All of us writers and directors know each other and cling to each other for safety and support, and it's really a completely different vibe than the men experience out here, where they're all trying to murder each other.;Diablo Cody;experience
History and experience tell us that moral progress comes not in comfortable and complacent times, but out of trial and confusion.;Gerald R. Ford;experience
A woman's experience is different from a man's in virtually every respect, including how she is treated by the media.;Carly Fiorina;experience
I'd like to believe an accumulation of experience has made me a sort of a grown-up person, so I can have judgment and taste and whatever.;Maurice Sendak;experience
Being an actor means asking people to look at you. I guess I accept that. But it's a profession in which the job is to show another world and other people. You may access it through bits of yourself, and your imagination and experience, but actually, in the end, you're not playing yourself.;Ralph Fiennes;experience
I developed a mechanism so that whatever mistakes I made, I would bounce straight back. Whatever was happening off the pitch, I could put it to one side and maintain my form. Call it mental resilience or a strong mind, but that is what we mean when we talk about experience in a football team.;Gary Neville;experience
What if Barack Obama established a Presidential Advisory Committee that would meet once every couple of months, bringing together the former presidents for a conference in order to seek their collective wisdom? There is a wealth of experience in former presidents that generally goes untapped.;Tony Campolo;experience
Experience is what enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.;Earl Wilson;experience
A great many people experience the movement from one century to the next, but a minuscule number of people experience the movement from one millennium to the next.;Neale Donald Walsch;experience
I need more raw experience. I've read and watched a lot of things, but I haven't done a lot of things.;Marc Andreessen;experience
An illness is like a journey into a far country it sifts all one's experience and removes it to a point so remote that it appears like a vision.;Sholem Asch;experience
Progress is measured by richness and intensity of experience - by a wider and deeper apprehension of the significance and scope of human existence.;Herbert Read;experience
I had a heartbreaking experience when I was 9. I always wanted to be a guard. The most wonderful girl in the world was a guard. When I got polio and then went back to school, they made me a guard. A teacher took away my guard button.;Francis Ford Coppola;experience
I think how pay gets determined is pretty broad - experience, how people look, what they bring to the job. But there's no question women are paid less. Women don't ask.;Dee Dee Myers;experience
Something happens to us all when we experience something as a unit that doesn't occur when we're on our couches or holding our little portable DVD players.;David Ogden Stiers;experience
What we have to get clear to kids is that when you offer your stillness and open yourself to the experience of music, it pays you back more than you give.;David Ogden Stiers;experience
The things I was allowed to experience, the people I was able to call friends, teammates, mentors, coaches and opponents, the travel, all of it, are far more than anything I ever thought possible in my lifetime.;Curt Schilling;experience
