Having a second chance makes you want to work even harder.;Tia Mowry;work
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece.;John Ruskin;work
Even though worker capacity and motivation are destroyed when leaders choose power over productivity, it appears that bosses would rather be in control than have the organization work well.;Margaret J. Wheatley;work
Hope begins in the dark, the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing, the dawn will come. You wait and watch and work: you don't give up.;Anne Lamott;work
The best work is not what is most difficult for you it is what you do best.;Jean-Paul Sartre;work
Why do I talk about the benefits of failure? Simply because failure meant a stripping away of the inessential. I stopped pretending to myself that I was anything other than what I was, and began to direct all my energy into finishing the only work that mattered to me.;J. K. Rowling;work
It's plain hokum. If you can't convince 'em, confuse 'em. It's an old political trick. But this time it won't work.;Harry S. Truman;work
Anyone's life truly lived consists of work, sunshine, exercise, soap, plenty of fresh air, and a happy contented spirit.;Lillie Langtry;work
I fear my enthusiasm flags when real work is demanded of me.;H. P. Lovecraft;work
The idea that to make a man work you've got to hold gold in front of his eyes is a growth, not an axiom. We've done that for so long that we've forgotten there's any other way.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;work
If I don't feel confident about my body, I'm not going to sit at home and feel sorry for myself and not do something about it. It's all about taking action and not being lazy. So you do the work, whether it's fitness or whatever. It's about getting up, motivating yourself and just doing it.;Kim Kardashian;work
God has a plan for all of us, but He expects us to do our share of the work.;Minnie Pearl;work
People need to be made more aware of the need to work at learning how to live because life is so quick and sometimes it goes away too quickly.;Andy Warhol;work
Work and live to serve others, to leave the world a little better than you found it and garner for yourself as much peace of mind as you can. This is happiness.;David Sarnoff;work
So, did I work with Warhol? I worked with him less on that play then I did on other things. He actually did a portrait of my rabbit and some other stuff. Warhol was definitely... Warhol.;Harvey Fierstein;work
I actually may do a musical next year... not one that I've written one that I may star in. Plus my concert and other people's work and all of a sudden you've got a very full life.;Harvey Fierstein;work
To work all the time is to be incredibly lucky.;Harvey Fierstein;work
I have to work really hard, eight shows a week, to get a nice check as an actor. But when I write a play, and it's a - knock wood - hit, the checks come in for many years.;Harvey Fierstein;work
You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.;Anatole France;work
A day of worry is more exhausting than a week of work.;John Lubbock;work
Recovery is something that you have to work on every single day and it's something that it doesn't get a day off.;Demi Lovato;work
People don't understand that when I grew up, I was never the most talented. I was never the biggest. I was never the fastest. I certainly was never the strongest. The only thing I had was my work ethic, and that's been what has gotten me this far.;Tiger Woods;work
I have no problem with the people who work hard to get success. But I think people are very jealous about success. I work very hard and they don't appreciate that.;Alain Prost;work
My work and my family are very important to me.;Stephen Hawking;work
Some slaves are scoured to their work by whips, others by their restlessness and ambition.;John Ruskin;work
Email, instant messaging, and cell phones give us fabulous communication ability, but because we live and work in our own little worlds, that communication is totally disorganized.;Marilyn vos Savant;work
Love knows how to form itself. God will do his work if we do ours. Our job is to prepare ourselves for love. When we do, love finds us every time.;Marianne Williamson;work
When a great many people are unable to find work, unemployment results.;Calvin Coolidge;work
Cease trying to work everything out with your minds. It will get you nowhere. Live by intuition and inspiration and let your whole life be Revelation.;Eileen Caddy;work
One thing I hope I'll never be is drunk with my own power. And anybody who says I am will never work in this town again.;Jim Carrey;work
When times are tough and people are frustrated and angry and hurting and uncertain, the politics of constant conflict may be good, but what is good politics does not necessarily work in the real world. What works in the real world is cooperation.;William J. Clinton;work
A good man often appears gauche simply because he does not take advantage of the myriad mean little chances of making himself look stylish. Preferring truth to form, he is not constantly at work upon the facade of his appearance.;Alanis Morissette;work
Hairdressers are a wonderful breed. You work one-on-one with another human being and the object is to make them feel so much better and to look at themselves with a twinkle in their eye.;Vidal Sassoon;work
I have made the choices that work best for me. I know I cannot please everyone, and that's fine.;Marlee Matlin;work
Tranquilizers work only if you follow the advice on the bottle - keep away from children.;Phyllis Diller;work
What I've discovered is that in art, as in music, there's a lot of truth-and then there's a lie. The artist is essentially creating his work to make this lie a truth, but he slides it in amongst all the others. The tiny little lie is the moment I live for, my moment. It's the moment that the audience falls in love.;Lady Gaga;work
Mothers always find ways to fit in the work - but then when you're working, you feel that you should be spending time with your children and then when you're with your children, you're thinking about working.;Alice Hoffman;work
Democrats think the country works better with a strong middle class, real opportunities for poor people to work their way into it and a relentless focus on the future, with business and government working together to promote growth and broadly shared prosperity. We think 'we're all in this together' is a better philosophy than 'you're on your own.';William J. Clinton;work
Tell the truth. Sing with passion. Work with laughter. Love with heart. 'Cause that's all that matters in the end.;Kris Kristofferson;work
If you want to become a great chef, you have to work with great chefs. And that's exactly what I did.;Gordon Ramsay;work
In order that people may be happy in their work, these three things are needed: They must be fit for it. They must not do too much of it. And they must have a sense of success in it.;John Ruskin;work
The first condition of education is being able to put someone to wholesome and meaningful work.;John Ruskin;work
Men don't and can't live by exchanging articles, but by producing them. They don't live by trade, but by work. Give up that foolish and vain title of Trades Unions and take that of laborers Unions.;John Ruskin;work
I'm so wrapped up in my work that it's often impossible to consider other things in my life. My marriage ended in divorce because of this, my relationship with Holly has suffered by this.;Jim Carrey;work
I love my wife and I know she loves me. We're best friends. We're just lucky to have found each other. It takes a lot of work but I just feel very blessed that I found the right person. It's a very fortunate situation and not everyone has that.;Harry Connick, Jr.;work
God gives talent. Work transforms talent into genius.;Anna Pavlova;work
Don't ever, ever, believe anyone who tells you that you can just get by, by doing the easiest thing possible. Because there's always somebody behind you who really wants to do what you're doing. And they're going to work harder than you if you're not working hard.;Maria Bartiromo;work
Men cannot not live by exchanging articles, but producing them. They live by work not trade.;John Ruskin;work
The work of science is to substitute facts for appearances, and demonstrations for impressions.;John Ruskin;work
Nearly all the powerful people of this age are unbelievers, the best of them in doubt and misery, the most in plodding hesitation, doing as well as they can, what practical work lies at hand.;John Ruskin;work
Whether for life or death, do your own work well.;John Ruskin;work
Men were not intended to work with the accuracy of tools, to be precise and perfect in all their actions.;John Ruskin;work
Better the rudest work that tells a story or records a fact, than the richest without meaning.;John Ruskin;work
When large numbers of men are unable to find work, unemployment results.;Calvin Coolidge;work
Advertising ministers to the spiritual side of trade. It is great power that has been entrusted to your keeping which charges you with the high responsibility of inspiring and ennobling the commercial world. It is all part of the greater work of the regeneration and redemption of mankind.;Calvin Coolidge;work
My family kinda hit the skids. We were experiencing poverty at that point. We all got a job, where the whole family had to work as security guards and janitors. And I just got angry.;Jim Carrey;work
I'm the first to admit this whole salary thing is getting out of control. In the final analysis, it's still about the work.;Jim Carrey;work
A good idea is about ten percent and implementation and hard work, and luck is 90 percent.;Guy Kawasaki;work
The path of least resistance and least trouble is a mental rut already made. It requires troublesome work to undertake the alternation of old beliefs.;John Dewey;work
Every person born into this world their work is born with them.;James Russell Lowell;work
The message that President Obama delivered in his speech at Notre Dame was: morality is immoral. Pro-life is the extremist position, not a moral position. Yet we should compromise and work to reduce abortions. Where's the compromise between life and death - and why work to reduce the number of them occurring if there's nothing wrong with them?;Rush Limbaugh;work
The man of genius is he and he alone who finds such joy in his art that he will work at it come hell or high water.;Stendhal;work
I write to keep from going mad from the contradictions I find among mankind - and to work some of those contradictions out for myself.;Michel de Montaigne;work
Representation of the world, like the world itself, is the work of men they describe it from their own point of view, which they confuse with the absolute truth.;Simone de Beauvoir;work
It is now for the Catholic Church to bend herself to her work with calmness and generosity. It is for you to observe her with renewed and friendly attention.;Pope John XXIII;work
Simplicity and repose are the qualities that measure the true value of any work of art.;Frank Lloyd Wright;work
From the depth of need and despair, people can work together, can organize themselves to solve their own problems and fill their own needs with dignity and strength.;Cesar Chavez;work
We all hoped in 2001 that we could put in place an Afghan government under President Karzai that would be able to control the country, make sure al-Qaeda didn't come back, and make sure the Taliban wasn't resurging. It didn't work out.;Colin Powell;work
I don't know that there is much the United States can do except work with the international community.;Colin Powell;work
Attempt the impossible in order to improve your work.;Bette Davis;work
Nature is so powerful, so strong. Capturing its essence is not easy - your work becomes a dance with light and the weather. It takes you to a place within yourself.;Annie Leibovitz;work
I am trying to show the world that we are all human beings and that color is not important. What is important is the quality of our work.;Alvin Ailey;work
How can people be so stupid? I marvel at that. See, I think you have to work as being ignorant - and if you're gonna work at being ignorant, why not work at being informed?;Rush Limbaugh;work
Millions of young Americans have graduated from college during the Obama presidency, ready to use their gifts and get moving in life. Half of them can't find the work they studied for, or any work at all. So here's the question: Without a change in leadership, why would the next four years be any different from the last four years?;Paul Ryan;work
God was satisfied with his own work, and that is fatal.;Samuel Butler;work
Work with some men is as besetting a sin as idleness.;Samuel Butler;work
We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.;Carlos Castenada;work
Think of and look at your work as though it were done by your enemy. I you look at it to admire it, you are lost.;Samuel Butler;work
Designing is my hobby. If I didn't do what I do for a living - at some point when I don't do this for a living - I'll probably just do design work. I love finding really special pieces of furniture.;Ellen DeGeneres;work
I like work it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.;Jerome K. Jerome;work
The only work that will ultimately bring any good to any of us is the work of contributing to the healing of the world.;Marianne Williamson;work
I do the same exercises I did 50 years ago and they still work. I eat the same food I ate 50 years ago and it still works.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;work
I stayed away from mathematics not so much because I knew it would be hard work as because of the amount of time I knew it would take, hours spent in a field where I was not a natural.;Carl Sandburg;work
I think the one thing this picture shows that's new is the psychological disproportion of the kids' demands on the parents. Parents are often at fault, but the kids have some work to do, too.;James Dean;work
God gave us faculties for our use each of them will receive its proper reward. Then do not let us try to charm them to sleep, but permit them to do their work until divinely called to something higher.;Saint Teresa of Avila;work
If you work just for money, you'll never make it, but if you love what you're doing and you always put the customer first, success will be yours.;Ray Kroc;work
The theater needs continual reminders that there is nothing more debasing than the work of those who do well what is not worth doing at all.;Gore Vidal;work
An audience is always warming but it must never be necessary to your work.;Gertrude Stein;work
I understand what's it like to work all week and on Friday night just want to go and leave your brain at the door, buy some popcorn and be thrilled by something.;Don Cheadle;work
If you work hard and play by the rules, this country is truly open to you. You can achieve anything.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;work
Inspiration is one thing and you can't control it, but hard work is what keeps the ship moving. Good luck means, work hard. Keep up the good work.;Kevin Eubanks;work
Men's magazines often feature pictures of naked ladies. Women's magazines also often feature pictures of naked ladies. This is because the female body is a beautiful work of art, while the male body is hairy and lumpy and should not be seen by the light of day.;Richard Roeper;work
It's definitely a dream come true to be recognized and to be able to sign autographs. But, it's also a lot of hard work and can be draining. If you don't know already, you will quickly learn who your real friends are.;Christina Aguilera;work
Whatever you do, do it with all your might. Work at it, early and late, in season and out of season, not leaving a stone unturned, and never deferring for a single hour that which can be done just as well now.;P. T. Barnum;work
An honest man's the noblest work of God.;Alexander Pope;work
Hope is a state of mind, not of the world. Hope, in this deep and powerful sense, is not the same as joy that things are going well, or willingness to invest in enterprises that are obviously heading for success, but rather an ability to work for something because it is good.;Vaclav Havel;work
We are free, but not to be evil, not to be indifferent to human suffering, not to profit from the people, from the work created and sustained through their spirit of political association, while refusing to contribute to the political state that we profit from.;Jose Marti;work
An honest God is the noblest work of man.;Robert Green Ingersoll;work
Reality is easy. It's deception that's the hard work.;Lauryn Hill;work
