I think all television has to be about relationships and I don't think horror for the sake of it can work unless you're able to ground it in some kind of relationship.;Rachael Taylor;relationship
Your relationship with an agent has got to be mutually beneficial. If you can't help their careers, then they're not going to be interested.;David Steinberg;relationship
It would be nice if I did have a good relationship with my family, and yes, part of me longs to have a mum and dad who love and accept me for who I am. But if they never do, it's OK.;Heather Graham;relationship
It would have been nice for Greg to eventually grow into a mature relationship with Laura. He was moving toward that already but then took a turn into the juvenile with Paige.;William Devane;relationship
They are representations of many shared hours of collaboration between us all. That's the real nature of the relationship the orchestra and I are trying to build.;Michael Tilson Thomas;relationship
And harmony means that the relationship between all the elements used in a composition is balanced, is good.;Karlheinz Stockhausen;relationship
Royalties are not how most writers or musicians make their living. Musicians by and large make a living with a relationship with an audience that is economically harnessed through performance and ticket sales.;John Perry Barlow;relationship
One of the things I've started doing lately is tracking my dreams. I feel like there's a lot of information there and you can really bring those emotions to the situations that may feel mundane or familiar. That gives them new life and gives you a new relationship with it - if that makes any sort of sense.;Jennifer Carpenter;relationship
Sometimes you can forget about who you are in a relationship. But you can also be inspired by the person you are with to become something you always knew you wanted to become.;Mia Maestro;relationship
There's been a long-standing relationship between me and individual members of the Green Party.;Cynthia McKinney;relationship
Sidney Poitier became a star in part by helping black and white Americans negotiate their new relationship in the post-Civil Rights era.;Wesley Morris;relationship
At first we got along real well. Now... it's pretty much just a professional relationship.;Jose Carreras;relationship
America has a relationship with Bobby and Whitney.;Jenifer Lewis;relationship
There must of course be a relationship between translating and making poems of your own, but what it is I just don't know.;Robert Fitzgerald;relationship
The close relationship between railroad expansion and the genera development and prosperity of the country is nowhere brought more distinctly into relief than in connection with the construction of the Pacific railroads.;John Moody;relationship
I've been obsessed with seeing life through music. My records, my relationship with records, my relationship with rock stars, everything that surrounds it, has been really one of the only ways that I ever started to understand the world.;Jeff Tweedy;relationship
Whatever your relationship is to your sacred tradition in the West, you have some relationship to the Bible if only through the names of the characters.;Anita Diament;relationship
We feel unsatisfied until we know ourselves akin even with that greatness which made the spots on which it rested hallowed and until, by our own lives, and by converse with the thoughts they have bequeathed us, we feel that union and relationship of the spirit which we seek.;Jones Very;relationship
Oddly, I do have a problem with authority. I find it very difficult to knuckle down and follow rules. Which are the classic symptoms of someone who has a troubled relationship with their father. And yet, I never had a problem with my father.;Toby Young;relationship
I enjoy my relationship with straight men. It's very nurturing. It's very validating to hang out with straight guys and be accepted. So many of us, we were not accepted when we were younger by straight persons in high school.;Kyan Douglas;relationship
Government health care changes the relationship between the citizen and the state, and, in fact, I think it's an assault on citizenship.;Mark Steyn;relationship
We have to understand how the extremists got the way they are. Without that kind of understanding, we'd never really get to know them. I put in nothing about their childhoods. But what I have put in is stuff about the weird symbiotic relationship between us and them.;Jon Ronson;relationship
Favored Nations is a long-term commitment. Our hope is that those who are passionate about real musicianship will want to hear and own most of our albums. We will set out to attain the same direct relationship with our customers that we have with our artists.;Steve Vai;relationship
There is a responsibility on all companies to look at the quantum of pay and the relationship between the top and the bottom.;Stuart Rose;relationship
Mr. Geithner is an excellent minister. We have a good personal relationship.;Wolfgang Schauble;relationship
Let me say again that the relationship is asymmetrical: there's no democracy without a market economy, but you can have a market economy without democracy.;Peter L. Berger;relationship
Our institute's agenda is relatively simple. We study the relationship between social-economic change and culture. By culture we mean beliefs, values and lifestyles. We cover a broad range of issues, and we work very internationally.;Peter L. Berger;relationship
And it is because a series of elements in Spanish life which operate today the same way as they did in the times of Blanco White made obvious my relationship with him, based on a similarity in Spain's condition.;Juan Goytisolo;relationship
My parents had a wonderful marriage, but it was a very dependent relationship. My mother was entirely dependent on my father because that's how it was in those days.;Erika Slezak;relationship
I don't remember any sibling rivalry growing up, because by the time I was really conscious, Tom was going away to college. My relationship with him, which is a very close one, really developed in more recent years.;David Hyde Pierce;relationship
What I learned from directing, I learned from soccer, where it's like a coach-player relationship.;Sean Durkin;relationship
In my view, relationship movies never get old because humanity will never not be confounded by their relationships.;Zoe Lister-Jones;relationship
The secret to a long-lasting relationship is perpetually imagining the worst. It's a world view tracing back to my Eastern European ancestry and one I draw upon regularly.;Zoe Lister-Jones;relationship
We had a relationship that lasted 44 years. Herbert and I lived together 10 years before we were married. He always gave me a little heart for whatever anniversary.;Uta Hagen;relationship
This is the point being missed by readers who lament Liquor's lack of hot sex scenes, probably because they aren't old enough to understand that a passionate relationship could be about anything other than sex.;Poppy Z. Brite;relationship
I always want to have a personal relationship with everybody that works for me.;Luke Bryan;relationship
You can't be a casual observer of something humorous - you have to engage, you have to find it funny for the relationship between actor and audience to work.;Brendan Coyle;relationship
When I was in my 30s, I was at the end of a long-term relationship and going through a very hard time. I'd had about 15 different addresses and a series of relationships. I thought, 'It's time to have a look at yourself.';Brendan Coyle;relationship
I was supposed to have a relationship with Judy, but that never happened. Actors in series didn't have the control that they have today over their jobs.;Mark Goddard;relationship
The only person who had any control was Jonathan Harris. His character was so flamboyant that he was able to make things happen. My character was fairly one-dimensional, so I had my relationship with Dr. Smith and with the family.;Mark Goddard;relationship
My work is about life as you and I experience it. You're either lucky or you're not lucky either your relationship works or it doesn't.;Mike Leigh;relationship
Lotta people don't realize when you grow up with people, you have an affinity, a relationship you don't get with anyone else. After you're twenty years old, anyone you meet after that, it's different from the people you knew before.;Joseph Jarman;relationship
There's no particular relationship between spending and educational results. Most education spending is actually on salaries, and that's allocated according to political muscle.;Peter Brimelow;relationship
I think that the two of them have been doing this for a really long time and it is more like sport. Yes, they would love to find a lasting relationship, but it's not likely to happen the way they are going about it.;Jennifer Beals;relationship
Putin has a lot at stake here and restoring the relationship with the United States, and there are already signs as Sandy mentioned that he's moving in the right direction to begin to ascertain that their trade with Iran is not used for the production of nuclear weapons.;Frank Carlucci;relationship
I was raised by a single mother and I've been in a 10-year relationship with my girlfriend. My whole life I've been surrounded by women.;Jon Hamm;relationship
I'd had a relationship with a French girl, a Japanese girl, an American girl, a Filippina and she was there all the time - a Lancashire girl. I thought: 'It's a Lancashire girl I was looking for. Why didn't I realize it?';David Thewlis;relationship
I'm still going to make mistakes, but I don't have any problems with publicly professing my faith now. It just took me a long time to get to the right place in my relationship with Christ.;Scott Stapp;relationship
We have often been attracted to the story of the other, the outcast. And he and I just loved working together, so it just kept happening, and our relationship is completely bound up with our work. We enjoy each other's art.;Julie Taymor;relationship
I've had four amazing men in my life, very strong, powerful, wonderful men. I certainly will have a relationship with someone but I don't think I will get married again.;Cheryl Tiegs;relationship
In any relationship that comes to an end, there's never just a baseline reason why. You say, 'Oh, I broke up with my girlfriend.' Someone says, 'Why?' You say, 'Well, you got three hours? And then maybe after I tell you my version, you've got to talk to her.';Michael Rapaport;relationship
People who are incapable of having any kind of intimate relationship have to turn to feeling this incredible hunger and void, have to turn to some quantifiable external product to make them feel whole.;Jennifer Connelly;relationship
So on May 1, 1987, at Gary's invitation, I agreed to see him one last time - to confront him face-to-face about his sincerity and with the intention of ending our brief relationship.;Donna Rice;relationship
But even after the first week, when Hart got out of the presidential race because of the Washington Post's threat to reveal a long-term relationship Hart had apparently been having with a prominent Washington woman, the media continued to embellish my past.;Donna Rice;relationship
And on top of that, when we work together we have a wonderful working relationship we push each other we challenge each other we laugh 80% of the time that we are together we're very fortunate.;Alex Lifeson;relationship
I have tried to preserve in my relationship to the film the same closeness and intimacy that exists between a painter and his canvas.;Norman McLaren;relationship
You don't want to be in a relationship with someone who's scared of you.;Tila Tequila;relationship
The relationship between an actor and a director is like a love story between a man and a woman. I'm sure sometimes I'm the woman.;Gerard Depardieu;relationship
Androgyny is not trying to manage the relationship between the opposites it is simply flowing between them.;June Singer;relationship
There are very few people that I deal with from a business side that it's just strictly a one-sided business relationship. I think that's important.;David Nail;relationship
I wish I had a great relationship with my mother.;Chely Wright;relationship
I have a really great relationship with God. I pray. I read the Bible.;Hunter Tylo;relationship
I went through a phase when I was 13 where I would only fall in love with people over the age of 19 or 20. I never had a real relationship with any of these people, but it was definitely the guy I wanted to hang out with and wanted to go on trips with. I would be like, 'But, Daddy, he's a musician!'.;Olivia Wilde;relationship
It takes a lot of experience of life to see why some relationships last and others do not. But we do not have to wait for a crisis to get an idea of the future of a particular relationship. Our behavior in little every incidents tells us a great deal.;Eknath Easwaran;relationship
The trouble with anyone when they're unhappy or in a relationship they recognize is not working but don't know what to do about is that they can't see farther out than that. If the relationship is not working, if what was there isn't there anymore, you have to do something about it.;Penelope Wilton;relationship
I'm working on my relationship with my mother and father, but my upbringing has been very destructive.;Paz de la Huerta;relationship
A lot has been written about Tony Perkins and myself and I figured, Let's get it straight. I had a relationship with Tony for two to three years, but those are only threads in the tapestry of my whole life.;Tab Hunter;relationship
I think our relationship with Epic had run its natural course, and it happened to coincide with the fulfillment of our contract. We decided not to resign with them.;Mike McCready;relationship
As much as the mystery element is all a lot of fun, when you do go to 'Edwin Drood,' you're going to a theatre to see a show about going to a theatre and what that relationship between actors and audiences has been for years.;Rupert Holmes;relationship
It's like our relationship is always about the other side that isn't the obvious side.;Rosario Dawson;relationship
I had cars, houses, jewels, furs, and a husband who loved me, and a career I was happy with. But I found fulfillment in my relationship with Christ.;Gloria Gaynor;relationship
I love being in a relationship, but marriage isn't for me.;Arsenio Hall;relationship
I would be a terrible person to be in a relationship with because I'm either sleeping or at the theater.;Haley Joel Osment;relationship
And I have the support of the writers: I have a great relationship with the creative team, and they have a good hold of my character and my personality, and they come up with some great stuff, and I'm forever trying to change it up, keep it fresh.;Trish Stratus;relationship
I especially object to having my character assassinated by reference to events from my past which bear absolutely no relationship to the question of who the anthrax killer is.;Steven Hatfill;relationship
I have quite a robust relationship with regret. You simply don't know what the alternative would have been.;Juliet Stevenson;relationship
My early work and publications centered around expanding on the analysis of life insurance in my dissertation and its relationship to investment banking.;Douglass North;relationship
In the relationship between man and religion, the state is firmly committed to a position of neutrality.;Tom C. Clark;relationship
It's very different than it use to be. I think everybody has a lot more experience in how to be in a relationship - whether it's a marriage or a significant other or a business or a friend.;Kathy Valentine;relationship
I personally don't believe people really grow. They just learn stuff when they were a kid, and hold on to it, and that affects every relationship they have.;Donald Glover;relationship
I was in relationship with a guy who was much older than me - either he was past his prime and I was coming into mine. There was nothing I could do to keep his attention.;Deana Carter;relationship
My relationship with Music Row has always been, from my end, optimistic and hopeful that there is more than one way to approach the writing, recording, and marketing of an album.;Deana Carter;relationship
As social media is less about technology and more about relationship building, we are starting to see more women have a heavy influence if not dominant role in the social media space. It's no wonder that Facebook is being run in part by chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg.;Erik Qualman;relationship
My brother and I had a real love-hate relationship with my success. There was some bitterness there that I didn't understand until recently, but I told him that if I ever did a record I wanted him to play on it.;Jimmy Chamberlin;relationship
I have a great relationship with animals, and with children. I get to their level. I try to see the way a child looks at the world, it's hugely different.;Story Musgrave;relationship
We want to obviously foster a relationship that we're a partner with states that we all share the same goals of closing the achievement gap, just as the Congress does and that we're practical and sophisticated enough to understand what they're talking about.;Margaret Spellings;relationship
Melissa and I have the best working relationship, and we feel that Jack and Jennifer have so much more to do.;Matthew Ashford;relationship
In the beginning, New York and I had kind of a love-hate relationship. It seemed so abrasive compared to Europe. But the transformation here in recent years is really something. I don't think I would have seen as much change if I'd lived in any other city in the world.;Shalom Harlow;relationship
My life isn't that dramatic. My dad really loves me, he just can't talk on the phone. He's too crippled and shy, and that's almost harder. He's there and he loves me, and I try and try and try, it's just impossible to have a relationship.;Joey Lauren Adams;relationship
My relationship with my father is pretty non-existent.;Joey Lauren Adams;relationship
Well we have a good working relationship with Microsoft at the development level. But let's not kid ourselves, this is a company with enormous resources and talented people, and there is a certain pride that comes along with that for them and for us.;John W. Thompson;relationship
It's as if I were collaborating with myself, revealing my relationship to the material. My hand would make the drawing. Then my mouth would transmit it.;Jim Hodges;relationship
I always wanted to be a father. I have a beautiful relationship with my dad and beautiful memories. I always knew I was going to have a family.;Ricky Martin;relationship
One should never be sexually involved with anyone one genuinely cares for. A sexual relationship guarantees a loss.;Mary Gordon;relationship
I'm open-minded. I don't consider myself gay or hetero, I just am. I've had experiences all over the planet but it always comes down to just me, but I think at this point if I had an ongoing relationship I believe it would be with a man.;Dana Plato;relationship
We are involved in youth testing internationally. We want to try to prove without a shadow of a doubt the relationship between physical fitness and health, not just physical fitness and ability to perform.;Kenneth H. Cooper;relationship
Mandatory auditor rotation is designed to address a potential conflict of interest between a public company and its auditor. Because an auditor is hired and paid by the public company it audits, the auditor's desire to maintain a good relationship with its client could conflict with its duty to rigorously question the client's financial statements.;Robert Pozen;relationship
If it is true that we have a personal relationship with God, then that's enough for me.;T-Bone Burnett;relationship
It's an important thing to have a relationship with the director, and have it be a positive one.;Trevor Rabin;relationship
