I could never have pictured myself writing a book when I was 25 years old. My mom was an English teacher but I wasn't that way growing up.;Tony Dungy;teacher
You never know what's going to happen. My mother was an English teacher. If someone had told her that I was going to write a book, she would never have believed that. So you can never say never.;Tony Dungy;teacher
The American audience has really opened up to women being A.) funny and B.) kinda crude. 'Bridesmaids' is R-rated, and I think it was a major coup for women to have an R-rated comedy that did really well. Same as 'Bad Teacher.';Chris Pratt;teacher
America must be the teacher of democracy, not the advertiser of the consumer society. It is unrealistic for the rest of the world to reach the American living standard.;Mikhail Gorbachev;teacher
My duty as a teacher is to train, educate future programmers.;Niklaus Wirth;teacher
I want to thank my mum, my daddy, my coach, my teacher, everybody in my life.;Jet Li;teacher
I do readings at the public library. I just did a benefit scene night for my old acting teacher.;Mark Ruffalo;teacher
We love the precepts for the teacher's sake.;George Farquhar;teacher
It was my family that wanted me to be a teacher. That was safe, you see. To be a painter was terrible.;Josef Albers;teacher
I was a writer. I just wasn't a very good one. I was lucky enough to have a playwriting teacher who told me that I'd be a better actor than I would a playwright.;Liev Schreiber;teacher
My teacher, my great cello teacher Leonard Rose, was such a great cellist, and nurturing man, very patient. But I grew up not only admiring him, but obviously Casals, Rostrotovich, Jacqueline du Pre, and many others, including many of my peers and contemporaries.;Yo-Yo Ma;teacher
I think there are so many ways to become interested in music. I believe signs of sustained interest gives a sense of the right time. Music, if thought of as a language, would perhaps indicate that as early as possible is not so bad. I do believe that a really nurturing first teacher that makes the child love something is crucial.;Yo-Yo Ma;teacher
I was an elementary school teacher.;Luciano Pavarotti;teacher
I never wore a tie voluntarily, even though I was forced to wear one for photos when I was young and for official events at school. I used to wrap my tie in a newspaper, and whenever the teacher checked I would quickly put it on again. I'm not used to it. Most Bolivians don't wear ties.;Evo Morales;teacher
A teacher is never too smart to learn from his pupils. But while runners differ, basic principles never change. So it's a matter of fitting your current practices to fit the event and the individual. See, what's good for you might not be worth a darn for the next guy.;Bill Bowerman;teacher
I have always believed that 98% of a student's progress is due to his own efforts, and 2% to his teacher.;John Philip Sousa;teacher
But I think that any young drummer starting out today should get himself a great teacher and learn all there is to know about the instrument that he wants to play.;Buddy Rich;teacher
Poetry is a special use of language that opens onto the real. The business of the poet is truth telling, which is why in the Celtic tradition no one could be a teacher unless he or she was a poet.;Huston Smith;teacher
Literature is my life of course, but from an ontological point of view. From an existential point of view, I like being a teacher.;Antonio Tabucchi;teacher
No, I'm happy to go on living the life I've chosen. I'm a university teacher and I like my job.;Antonio Tabucchi;teacher
When I had my first voice lesson I was 15 years old. And I had a really good teacher. This is what made all the difference. A good teacher will teach you the technique, but also how to listen to your voice.;Cecilia Bartoli;teacher
I remember telling my creative writing teacher that you never want to have a journal, because if you lose it, then someone's going to know all your secrets. And then she stopped using a journal, but I always write everything down... Anytime I travel, I try and fill up notepads.;Garrett Hedlund;teacher
When I was a teacher, teachers would come into my classroom and admire my desk on which lay nothing whatever, whereas theirs were heaped with papers and books.;Norman MacCaig;teacher
But the fact is, no matter how good the teacher, how small the class, how focused on quality education the school may be none of this matters if we ignore the individual needs of our students.;Roy Barnes;teacher
I've never considered myself a celebrity or even part of the entertainment business. I'm a cooking teacher.;Martin Yan;teacher
I love kids, so two things that I have thought about are being a pediatrician or a kindergarten teacher.;Karlie Kloss;teacher
When you become a parent, or a teacher, you turn into a manager of this whole system. You become the person controlling the bubble of innocence around a child, regulating it.;Kazuo Ishiguro;teacher
In the ideal classroom, the teacher is either spending all of their time doing deep interventions with students on a one-on-one basis or facilitating true interactivity - labs, simulations, projects.;Salman Khan;teacher
When I started writing full time I had not long stopped being a teacher and when at last I had a full day to write, I would put music on and wonder to myself - am I allowed to do this? Then I thought: 'I am control of this and no one is telling me what I can do.';Roddy Doyle;teacher
I'm the son of an everyman. My father is a teacher. He teaches physics at a boys' school in Sydney.;Alex O'Loughlin;teacher
I had a great drama teacher in high school, and that's when I started to learn about the history of theater.;Elizabeth Olsen;teacher
I do a lot of work with the Dyslexia Institute because, for people with dyslexia who do not have parental support, it is a huge disadvantage. I was fortunate because my Mum was a teacher and she taught me to work hard.;Susan Hampshire;teacher
I want to be involved with young people in some way. Teenagers. Because that's the most vulnerable time. I have a fantasy of becoming a teacher one day.;Elisabeth Shue;teacher
From a very early age, my wife and I told our son that there are times and places for everything. I told him, look, when you're in class, you have to be quiet and listen to your teacher, but when you go out to the playground, you can scream and be silly.;Mark Hoppus;teacher
If you love dance and you have the gift of teaching, teaching is super amazing and important because my teachers planted that seed in me. As a teacher you understand the difference or the definition of a Baryshnikov or a Gregory Hines, so teaching is really important and very necessary.;Laurieann Gibson;teacher
All I wanted was to be a university teacher.;Jalal Talabani;teacher
I made my drama teacher cry. I only took drama to get out of writing papers in English and the teacher was this thespian Broadway geek and here I was this Italian guy from Staten Island and I would put her in tears.;Vinny Guadagnino;teacher
My younger sister had kids before I did, and managed to earn a master's degree while raising them as a single parent. Now she's a brilliant second-grade teacher. I'm in awe of her ability to juggle everything and still be a great mother.;Idina Menzel;teacher
When I was in the first grade I was afraid of the teacher and had a miserable time in the reading circle, a difficulty that was overcome by the loving patience of my second grade teacher. Even though I could read, I refused to do so.;Beverly Cleary;teacher
I think my parents were happy that I'd gone to university and gotten a degree in history so they thought, 'Well if acting doesn't work for him, he can always become a history teacher or something.' Fortunately, the acting worked out.;Derek Jacobi;teacher
Jesse Jackson is a leader and a teacher who can open our hearts and open our minds and stir our very souls.;Ann Richards;teacher
Well, financially it's a little bit better. But it's better than than when I was a teacher. But I kind of - it's allowed me to buy a house. And I've been able to help my mother with some stuff and my brother. So, that's nice.;Clay Aiken;teacher
But I was going to be a teacher my entire life, so I wasn't counting on money to much.;Clay Aiken;teacher
I hope that I serve by being a teacher.;Jenna Bush;teacher
As a teacher you can see the difference in kids who have parents who were involved. That difference, by the time these kids get to the third grade, is drastic.;Jenna Bush;teacher
In my teens, I developed a passionate idolatry for a teacher of English literature. I wanted to do something that he would approve of more, so I thought I should be some sort of a scholar.;Trevor Nunn;teacher
I was a hyper kid in school and the teacher suggested to my mom she needed to do something with me.;Devon Sawa;teacher
I was 20 years old, working as a roofer and a telemarketer and driving a taxi, just barely getting by. A friend of a friend suggested I try acting. I was like, 'Why? What am I going to do? Community theater?' But I took a class, and the teacher thought that I had potential, so I moved to Vancouver and started auditioning.;Cory Monteith;teacher
If you lock me in the room with a piano teacher for a year I might be able to knock out a rendition of 'Roll Out The Barrel,' but will I ever be a concert pianist? No.;Alan Sugar;teacher
If you become a teacher, by your pupils you'll be taught.;Oscar Hammerstein II;teacher
I was on Oprah's show recently talking about the people who impacted me the most. One was a teacher and one was my soccer coach. I didn't even go into my family, who had the most influence.;Andrew Shue;teacher
I'd never been a teacher before, and here I was starting my first day with these eager students. There was a shortage of teachers, and they had been without a math teacher for six months. They were so excited to learn math.;Andrew Shue;teacher
I went to a Catholic high school and it seemed like every time I drew something for a class project, it either got thrown away by the teacher or something.;Mike Judge;teacher
I don't learn so good, no matter how good the teacher is.;Warren Zevon;teacher
I would take William H. Macy as a teacher any day of the week. He's incredible. He's got a lot of hard-earned experience.;Skeet Ulrich;teacher
I feel so very grateful to have the voice God gave me. It takes a lot of rest and training to sing, and I was lucky that I found a great teacher when I first moved to New York.;Judy Collins;teacher
I'm sure that had I not been a coach, I would have been some form of a teacher.;John Madden;teacher
My mother was told she couldn't go to medical school because she was a woman and a Jew. So she became a teacher in the New York City public school system.;Marilyn Hacker;teacher
As a teacher you are more or less obliged to pay the same amount of attention to everything. That can wear you down.;Marilyn Hacker;teacher
I worked as a secretary, a waitress and a dance teacher - all in high school.;Jennie Garth;teacher
Usually, girls weren't encouraged to go to college and major in math and science. My high school calculus teacher, Ms. Paz Jensen, made math appealing and motivated me to continue studying it in college.;Ellen Ochoa;teacher
I had this wonderful career and thought I would retire as a teacher.;Tim Gunn;teacher
If you told me when I was a teen that I would end up being a teacher, I would have said you're out of your mind, because quite frankly I hated school.;Tim Gunn;teacher
Ask everyone whether they're an actor or a doctor or a teacher or whatever is entitled to his or her opinion. But unfortunately, because actors are in the public eye, whether we want it or not, sometimes our opinions carry more weight or influence than they deserve.;Debra Messing;teacher
When I was very, very young, seven years old, I heard there was school where you could go to learn to draw. That was my absolute driven passion, to become an artist or a painter. So the romantic realist in me, I studied to be a graphic design artist and an art teacher.;David Coverdale;teacher
My name is James Edward Franco. Ted is a nickname for Edward. That's what my parents called me. I also got 'Teddy Ruxpin' a lot. It just got to a point where I got sick of it, so when a teacher called out 'James Franco' my junior year of high school, I didn't correct her.;James Franco;teacher
I started the class late. The teacher said I would have to learn as much in half a year that the others learned in a year. I did it.;Katarina Witt;teacher
Writing became an obsessive compulsive habit but I had almost no money so I thought about being an urban firefighter and having lots of free time in which to write or becoming an English teacher and thinking about books and writers on a daily basis. That swayed me.;David Guterson;teacher
I could never have a better teacher in those days than my father.;Tony Visconti;teacher
My father still is a lawyer, and my mom was a teacher and then later a career counselor.;Steve Case;teacher
My dad remembers being in school with my uncle, and the teacher would say outright to the class that the Japanese were second-class citizens and shouldn't be trusted.;Mike Shinoda;teacher
Children are already accustomed to a world that moves faster and is more exciting than anything a teacher in front of a classroom can do.;Major Owens;teacher
We can not wait until we have enough trained people willing to work at a teacher's salary and under conditions imposed upon teachers in order to improve what happens in the classroom.;Major Owens;teacher
The office of the public teacher is an unenviable and thankless one.;Felix Adler;teacher
My grandmother was a teacher, my sister was a teacher, my daughter was a teacher and is now a superintendent in northern California, and my son-in-law is a high school principal. I am surrounded.;Loni Anderson;teacher
I had my heart set on becoming an English teacher, but stumbled into acting after meeting a theatrical agent in my dad's restaurant in San Diego.;Charisma Carpenter;teacher
My mother wanted to be a teacher when she was young, and my father didn't approve of it, so she fought very hard to become one. And she did it. So when I said I wanted to become an actress, my mother was very supportive. She always said to me, 'There's no such thing as 'can't.';Archie Panjabi;teacher
The two things I was positive about in life were that I was going to be a teacher at a boarding school or an operative with the CIA posted abroad. I could write a book about all the things I was sure about.;Tucker Carlson;teacher
My being a teacher had a decisive influence on making language and systems as simple as possible so that in my teaching, I could concentrate on the essential issues of programming rather than on details of language and notation.;Niklaus Wirth;teacher
The role of the teacher is to create the conditions for invention rather than provide ready-made knowledge.;Seymour Papert;teacher
My first career was as a coach and a teacher.;David Friedman;teacher
One of the most extraordinary things about being a spiritual teacher is the rare privilege of being able to look deeply into the very souls of many human beings at the same time.;Andrew Cohen;teacher
If you put down a list of jobs, doctor, lawyer, janitor, teacher or movie star, everybody would pick the movie star. And why? So you could lie around the pool, drink margaritas and send money to your parents. So that's what I did.;Steve Guttenberg;teacher
My father followed, during most of his life, the precarious occupation of a country school teacher.;Simon Newcomb;teacher
What we now call school training, the pursuit of fixed studies at stated hours under the constant guidance of a teacher, I could scarcely be said to have enjoyed.;Simon Newcomb;teacher
I remember the mentoring experiences of some teachers that I had, like a second term home room teacher in public school that really was very helpful to me.;Sanford I. Weill;teacher
My father's a preacher, my mother's a teacher, thus I rhyme.;Saul Williams;teacher
My father was a teacher, and there were teachers all around, his friends, they were working for the Government and their behaviour was within strictly limited areas.;C. L. R. James;teacher
Of all the hard jobs around, one of the hardest is being a good teacher.;Maggie Gallagher;teacher
I had a really creative teacher at primary school. He used to get us doing things such as singing Spandau Ballet in drag in the choir, and I remember loving it.;Dominic Cooper;teacher
I don't find acting to be a particularly noble way to make a living. I'm not saving anybody's life, I'm not a teacher, I'm not working for UNICEF. I don't think I'm some big deal.;Ellen Pompeo;teacher
I had a classic gym teacher in junior high who wore a weightlifter's belt all the time.;Danny McBride;teacher
You know, a lot of those angry sort of Southern man characters that I've been doing are based on different people I might've had as, like, a soccer coach or as a teacher.;Danny McBride;teacher
So what does a good teacher do? Create tension - but just the right amount.;Donald Norman;teacher
A father is a person who's around, participating in a child's life. He's a teacher who helps to guide and shape and mold that young person, someone for that young person to talk to, to share with, their ups and their downs, their fears and their concerns.;Michael Nutter;teacher
Find a good teacher, as I found for my sons. I feel the worst thing you can do is to try and teach your own children yourself, because there is a natural rebellion that occurs.;Keith Emerson;teacher
Mike Watt and I had the same teacher. Mr. Tanaka.;Krist Novoselic;teacher
You know, I loved math. My mom was a math teacher.;Joan Cusack;teacher
I wasn't originally taking drama, but the drama teacher asked me to audition for Bye, Bye Birdie. I did and got the lead role. Initially I was kind of scared, but once I did it I got bitten by the bug and loved it.;Kevin Richardson;teacher
