In everyday things the law of sacrifice takes the form of positive duty.;James Anthony Froude;positive
I have nothing to lose and think that it's a positive thing that I am young and playing on a good level.;Caroline Wozniacki;positive
My mom was always the support. I can always go out to her and she'll always find the positive in things.;Caroline Wozniacki;positive
And of course, pop music is all about memorability and simplicity and positive messages and a little dash of joy.;Feist;positive
Any kind of anthemic song, for the most part, they're on the positive side of things. It's not hard to identify when a melody is just one degree too complicated or one degree too simple and where that line of pop memorability lies.;Feist;positive
But I did not find any positive inspiration in my studies until I approached my nineteenth year.;Georg Brandes;positive
If Ralph Nader runs, President Bush is going to be re-elected, and if Ralph Nader doesn't run, President Bush is going to be re-elected. We're going to run on the president's strong and principled leadership and his positive agenda for a second term.;Ed Gillespie;positive
But I think there was a sense amongst the House Republicans especially that we didn't just want to be opposed to Bill Clinton that we wanted to tell the country what we were for and to brand ourselves in a more positive manner.;Ed Gillespie;positive
It's also a question of finding good material and interesting roles. I'm not the only actress out there, and good parts just don't fall into your lap that easily. But I like most of the films I've made recently and so I'm pretty positive about the future.;Winona Ryder;positive
There's no such thing as an actor giving positive criticism to a director. The minute you say 'Don't you think it would look nicer...', that director's going to hate your guts. Particularly if it's a good idea.;Peter Mullan;positive
While only about half of the voters feel they know very much about Reagan or what he stands for, the Republicans who do have a very positive perception of him.;Robert Teeter;positive
Celebrity means that I can affect people in a positive way.;David Hasselhoff;positive
The two things I was positive about in life were that I was going to be a teacher at a boarding school or an operative with the CIA posted abroad. I could write a book about all the things I was sure about.;Tucker Carlson;positive
Since I've been in Playboy myself in Australia, I love it, and I think it's really empowering and positive towards women, which is not a view that many women hold.;Dannii Minogue;positive
We sincerely ask the Beijing authorities across the Strait to view the election result from a positive perspective, to accept the democratic decision of the Taiwanese people.;Chen Shui-bian;positive
However, I must say that I am very happy to see that we have such a positive result for our first referendum in our history and that gives me more confidence in Taiwan's democracy.;Chen Shui-bian;positive
I had a great first year and Mr. MacDonald was my biggest supporter. He gave me the encouragement I needed that first year to get my career started on a positive note.;Jim Evans;positive
The world is really figuring BSE out, and that's positive.;Mike Johanns;positive
The only way that we're going to feel secure in this country again and that we're going to feel good about ourselves is if we use these systems we've put into place to create positive change around the world. I really believe we can do that.;John Perkins;positive
It's useless to try and make rhyme or reason of it, because one guy thinks one thing and the other guy sees a whole other thing. So I try not to take them too seriously. Lately I have them screened so I only read the positive ones.;David Zucker;positive
I'm not the most positive person.;Penny Marshall;positive
I feel blessed to be here representing our country and carrying out th research of scientists around the world... I hope you could feel the positive energy that beamed to the whole planet as we glided over.;Laurel Clark;positive
The Wreckoning is a darker song. But the record is positive.;Taryn Manning;positive
Yes, but I think if you look at it with a sort of gay sensibility and want everything to be positive about gay life, it could be interpreted as antigay.;John Schlesinger;positive
But when I first got cancer, after the initial shock and the fear and paranoia and crying and all that goes with cancer - that word means to most people ultimate death - I decided to see what I could do to take that negative and use it in a positive way.;Herbie Mann;positive
I want my life to effect the balance to the positive.;Mira Sorvino;positive
With everything that's thrown at you, whether it be problems at home, problems at work - whatever - basically, if you remain positive, you can see your way out of that.;Sean Paul;positive
You have to be positive, and I'm not just talking about athletics, this also applies to life.;Sheryl Swoopes;positive
I don't think the objective of an abortion clinic is to try to talk women out of having the procedure. That obviously would not be positive for their bottom line.;Bob McDonnell;positive
When the going got tough, I really had to draw on many of the same competitive instincts I did when I was skating. I really had to put my head down and stay positive. I had to fight.;Peggy Fleming;positive
Tennis has had a very positive impact on my life.;Gabriela Sabatini;positive
During this period at the Department of Education, my working relationship with Judge Thomas was positive.;Anita Hill;positive
I had the idea for the show like a year and a half, two years ago. And it was all about the things that I didn't like about TV. I was trying to create a positive solution for it. And it actually worked.;Genevieve Gorder;positive
We manage to bounce ideas off one another. Every band fights, but at the end of the day, we're very positive about the way we fight. At least we come out with a result.;Keith Emerson;positive
I think sometimes in life we want to ignore the problems of society and just think about the good. I believe in positive thinking and affirmative living, I also think it's really important to remember all of our disenfranchised members of society.;Kerry Washington;positive
We asserted ourselves as a music community, and showed legislators that music is positive. Especially if you've sold 300 million records worldwide and pay taxes.;Krist Novoselic;positive
I believe that the profits will come from the quality of your creative products. Since the beginning, I've always wanted to develop a self-feeding circle of creative productions: the positive financial returns from one show would be used to develop and create a new show, and so on.;Guy Laliberte;positive
I'm a very driven, ambitious, positive person. But I'm a spiritual person as well. I believe in creative visualization. So for me to go to America - which I find such a positive place - well, I took to it like a duck to water.;Victoria Beckham;positive
The birth of democracy in Iraq is one of the great positive changes of our era.;Ernest Istook;positive
A guy as great as Brett Favre has been for the length of time he's been, you would hope that he would be able to leave the game with a positive flavor in his mouth.;John Elway;positive
I was so lucky to walk away with two Super Bowls and know that the last year was positive.;John Elway;positive
The result is - document destruction - we're really not going to be able to prove beyond a truth the negatives and some of the positive conclusions that we're going to come to. There will be always unresolved ambiguity here.;David Kay;positive
The different Ministries have to work more on the promotion of the country, to build Kosovo's public image. Concrete projects must be assembled, in order to activate our businessmen to have more contacts. We have to create a positive image about ourselves.;Ibrahim Rugova;positive
The large ensemble cast and the fact that it was being shot in New York, combined with a lot of strong positive images as far as African Americans are concerned, really turned me on to The Best Man.;Taye Diggs;positive
Being famous is having the power to really implement positive change in the world, and it gives you the power to do what you want. I'm really grateful for it because I can play music and people will listen.;Sean Lennon;positive
I realize myself that hate wastes a lot of time and energy and I would rather re-direct any energy that I have to good and positive use.;Julian Cope;positive
I have long recognized a link between fitness and mental health and I think we need to encourage young people to take part in sports and team activities because we know it has such positive results.;Tipper Gore;positive
I took some me time. I think that's a really important thing to do for yourself, especially in this business. And now I feel like I'm in a really good, positive place in my life.;Ashlee Simpson;positive
I was very pleased that the positive things about me and my game outshone the aggressive style of play I use. I would never tone that down, because I believe in that style of play, and I believe that you can play rough on the court and still be a good sport.;Sue Wicks;positive
More Americans own their home than ever before. Nearly 70 percent of American's are homeowners. So it is a good time for us to asses the positive impacts of homeownership on families, communities and on the nation's economy.;Randy Neugebauer;positive
I have grown up but that should be a positive thing. When you look at a photo album it's lovely to remember being so young but it's also good to know you grew up!;Jenny Agutter;positive
The dumber half of the audience - whether they're male or female, and a lot of them are male - for some reason responds very quickly to the feminine voice. How can I put it? They kind of instantly react to the female voice in a positive way quicker than they would the male voice.;Frank Black;positive
So I took it as a very positive sign that the club came to me rather than the other way round.;Dennis Bergkamp;positive
I've had a lot of very positive feedback about those stories, and seem to have struck upon something that most people feel. I can also tap dance, and don't know many other authors who can.;Paul Kane;positive
I mean, you know, I get a tremendous positive charge every day just from knowing these kids and who they are. I mean, Larry, my 12-year-old son is my hero in life. Could there be a greater privilege than that? I mean, I can't imagine anything that would be more exciting.;Jim Lampley;positive
Women are called upon to defend every bit of progress we have made against particularly virulent attack. But we must also hold out a vision, put forth a positive agenda of what women need and want and then move forward toward that dream.;Patricia Ireland;positive
Growing up with three older brothers and being the youngest and the only girl, my mom always made me tough. She's taught me over the years how to be a strong, independent woman, how to carry yourself in a positive way and anything that my brothers can do, I can do.;Diana Lopez;positive
The President, in talking about freedom and democracy, is sparking a wave of very positive democratic sentiment that might help us override both Islamic fundamentalism that has formed in that region, and also some of the hatred for our policies of invading Iraq.;Bill Richardson;positive
Everything has positive and negative consequences.;Farrah Fawcett;positive
Peter Ustinov was the first really positive influence in my career. He was real and he bore witness to it. The things he said to you, he lived them.;Terence Stamp;positive
I'm so positive.;Rickie Lee Jones;positive
What if you threw a protest and no one showed up? The lack of angst and anger and emotion is a big positive.;Jay Alan Sekulow;positive
I think the rise of China is one of the great events of all economic and human history, and I think this will be overwhelmingly a positive thing for the region and the world.;Paul Keating;positive
Surround yourself with positive people.;Melanie Fiona;positive
My parents leaving a third world country to a first world country and building from nothing - that's really inspiring to me and it's influenced me in a positive way.;Melanie Fiona;positive
I think I'm the most positive guy still going in my generation, and I'm out there to prove that.;Luther Allison;positive
I've never followed a vegan or vegetarian diet in the past, but I think I could do it. It would not be easy. I have worked with nutritionists who have said a vegan diet is not necessarily all positive for your health, because you need nutrients you only find in meats. I believe in a balanced diet.;Joel Robuchon;positive
I spent two years in the Army. And my older brother, who was also a great positive influence on me, encouraged me to think about law school, and I said - well, I didn't have any money.;George J. Mitchell;positive
Americans try to talk about positive family values, although the actual state of things is disastrous.;Vladimir Zhirinovsky;positive
The '80s seem a real positive force. The '70s were deadening, in a lot of ways.;Paul Kantner;positive
There is something in even the darkest situations that we can make a positive in our lives.;Deborah Norville;positive
Children may not notice the positive moments in life unless we point them out to them.;Deborah Norville;positive
And I'm a pretty positive person - I don't put a lot of energy into worrying, and I'm not a person who lives in a great deal of fear.;Rachel Hunter;positive
George W. Bush brought a lot of minorities into his administration, which was a positive thing, and they had some issues that they wanted to press, but 9/11 really gave them direction. It gave them a purpose.;Josh Brolin;positive
The actual danger is nothing, and the positive advantages very great.;William John Wills;positive
I think that Americans should gradually begin to adopt positive behavior rather than doing evil. They should not expect an immediate reaction in return for their positive measures. It will take time.;Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani;positive
And they said if we help with the crisis, they would do a lot of positive acts. After we helped in those crises, they showed negative acts and the Japanese and Turks were ashamed.;Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani;positive
In the annals of history, few men have left a more positive imprint on the world than Pope John Paul II.;Vito Fossella;positive
It's nice to help remember somebody who really made a very positive difference in the world.;Mary Hart;positive
Something I've noticed as I get older is that I do think about the future more. It's all positive thinking.;Abbie Cornish;positive
The feedback that I get from my association with Gomez is heartwarming. It is very difficult for me to take anything but a positive view of the Gomez phenomenon.;John Astin;positive
I can walk into a room and create a good ambience. I was taught all about this back when I studied acting. One of the things they would teach you is how to send out positive signals when you enter a room. I am glad I learned this.;Jean Reno;positive
I realize I will always be the poster child for police brutality, but I can try to use that as a positive force for healing and restraint.;Rodney King;positive
By allowing the positive ions to pass through an electric field and thus giving them a certain velocity, it is possible to distinguish them from the neutral, stationary atoms.;Johannes Stark;positive
We can in fact first place the beam of rays of moving positive atomic ions in a plane perpendicular to the axis in which we see the spectral lines emitted by them.;Johannes Stark;positive
Thus at the beginning of 1906 it seemed to be established that the emitters of the spectral series of chemical elements are their positive atomic ions.;Johannes Stark;positive
I am blood type O-positive, which I remember by staying 'optimistic positive.';Michael Weatherly;positive
We are a consumer company and our success is directly linked to our users trusting us. Therefore we have the same incentive as the user: they want to see relevant advertising so their experience of Google is positive and we want to deliver it.;Susan Wojcicki;positive
While the wider global environment is worrying, we are seeing some positive results in our economic affairs.;Michael D. Higgins;positive
I am delighted with the strong vote I have received. My message of positive leadership, patriotism and commitment clearly was resonating with tens of thousands of ordinary Irish people.;Michael D. Higgins;positive
There must be a positive and negative in everything in the universe in order to complete a circuit or circle, without which there would be no activity, no motion.;John McDonald;positive
Revenge is not a positive state of mind or energy to indulge your self in.;Michael K. Williams;positive
We've certainly learned a lot of lessons from Katrina, from Rita. Rita was better than Katrina. We're doing a better job planning. We're closer - more closely aligned with the Department of Defense. These things would be positive things if we were to have another attack.;Michael Chertoff;positive
It's amazing how a competitive nature can turn a negative into something positive.;Barry Mann;positive
At any rate, I can only see such a success having positive effects for everyone, particularly as our anticipation of the World cup would only increase further.;Franz Beckenbauer;positive
The World Cup tournament overall and, naturally, the new stadiums at its heart, are the ideal platform to portray Germany as a positive and exceptional location, and above all of course, as a highly capable economic location.;Franz Beckenbauer;positive
I've realized the extraordinary power of sports to heal, unite and inspire. I believe the Olympics will serve as the ultimate platform to provide positive changes and I hope to inspire all of Japan through my strong showing there.;Kohei Uchimura;positive
My grandmother always told me you must keep to your old roads and stick to your original friends and just go through smooth, be careful and stay positive.;Wayne Wonder;positive
It is amazing that something I did 23 years ago still has an audience that people respond to and I am touched and surprised that people are still very positive about.;Gil Gerard;positive
