Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.;Henry David Thoreau;life
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.;Charles Darwin;life
Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them - that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like.;Lao Tzu;life
My formula for living is quite simple. I get up in the morning and I go to bed at night. In between, I occupy myself as best I can.;Cary Grant;life
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.;Albert Einstein;life
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. Scratch where it itches.;Alice Roosevelt Longworth;life
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out.;Anton Chekhov;life
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.;Audrey Hepburn;life
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.;Joseph Campbell;life
Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player, that struts and frets his hour upon the stage, and then is heard no more it is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.;William Shakespeare;life
I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.;E. B. White;life
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.;Simone de Beauvoir;life
Every man dies. Not every man really lives.;William Wallace;life
I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.;Henry David Thoreau;life
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.;Bruce Lee;life
A man sooner or later discovers that he is the master-gardener of his soul, the director of his life.;James Allen;life
All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on.;Havelock Ellis;life
Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.;Mark Twain;life
Our life always expresses the result of our dominant thoughts.;Soren Kierkegaard;life
We need to give each other the space to grow, to be ourselves, to exercise our diversity. We need to give each other space so that we may both give and receive such beautiful things as ideas, openness, dignity, joy, healing, and inclusion.;Max de Pree;life
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.;Friedrich Nietzsche;life
A baby is God's opinion that life should go on.;Carl Sandburg;life
To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as one's own in the midst of abundance.;Buddha;life
Remember when life's path is steep to keep your mind even.;Horace;life
Life is like dancing. If we have a big floor, many people will dance. Some will get angry when the rhythm changes. But life is changing all the time.;Miguel Angel Ruiz;life
When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.;Mark Twain;life
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.;Helen Keller;life
We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us.;E. M. Forster;life
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it.;Henry David Thoreau;life
Don't go through life, grow through life.;Eric Butterworth;life
Life is 10 percent what you make it, and 90 percent how you take it.;Irving Berlin;life
The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are.;Joseph Campbell;life
It is not length of life, but depth of life.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;life
Every creature is better alive than dead, men and moose and pine trees, and he who understands it aright will rather preserve its life than destroy it.;Henry David Thoreau;life
Don't let life discourage you everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was.;Richard L. Evans;life
Here is the test to find whether your mission on Earth is finished: if you're alive, it isn't.;Richard Bach;life
I slept and dreamt that life was joy. I awoke and saw that life was service. I acted and behold, service was joy.;Rabindranath Tagore;life
A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one part of his body - the wishbone.;Robert Frost;life
There are three constants in life... change, choice and principles.;Stephen Covey;life
It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family.;Philip Green;life
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.;Soren Kierkegaard;life
My life is my message.;Mahatma Gandhi;life
The true secret of happiness lies in taking a genuine interest in all the details of daily life.;William Morris;life
I love those who yearn for the impossible.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;life
I love life because what more is there?;Anthony Hopkins;life
I don't believe people are looking for the meaning of life as much as they are looking for the experience of being alive.;Joseph Campbell;life
Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well.;Josh Billings;life
Life loves the liver of it.;Maya Angelou;life
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.;Marie Curie;life
Once you say you're going to settle for second, that's what happens to you in life.;John F. Kennedy;life
Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about.;Oscar Wilde;life
The courage of life is often a less dramatic spectacle than the courage of a final moment but it is no less a magnificent mixture of triumph and tragedy.;John F. Kennedy;life
I do not regret one moment of my life.;Lillie Langtry;life
Our life is what our thoughts make it.;Marcus Aurelius;life
Beware the barrenness of a busy life.;Socrates;life
The shoe that fits one person pinches another there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.;Carl Jung;life
Everything has been figured out, except how to live.;Jean-Paul Sartre;life
The only disability in life is a bad attitude.;Scott Hamilton;life
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.;Eleanor Roosevelt;life
Who will tell whether one happy moment of love or the joy of breathing or walking on a bright morning and smelling the fresh air, is not worth all the suffering and effort which life implies.;Erich Fromm;life
When life is too easy for us, we must beware or we may not be ready to meet the blows which sooner or later come to everyone, rich or poor.;Eleanor Roosevelt;life
I think I've discovered the secret of life - you just hang around until you get used to it.;Charles M. Schulz;life
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.;Wayne Dyer;life
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.;Wayne Dyer;life
Everything in life is luck.;Donald Trump;life
Use your health, even to the point of wearing it out. That is what it is for. Spend all you have before you die do not outlive yourself.;George Bernard Shaw;life
Life is a series of collisions with the future it is not the sum of what we have been, but what we yearn to be.;Jose Ortega y Gasset;life
With the past, I have nothing to do nor with the future. I live now.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;life
The story of life is quicker then the blink of an eye, the story of love is hello, goodbye.;Jimi Hendrix;life
Most people have never learned that one of the main aims in life is to enjoy it.;Samuel Butler;life
The aim of life is to live, and to live means to be aware, joyously, drunkenly, serenely, divinely aware.;Henry Miller;life
Life consists in what a man is thinking of all day.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;life
Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued.;Socrates;life
Life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier.;Albert Schweitzer;life
A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives.;Jackie Robinson;life
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.;Arthur Rubinstein;life
May you live all the days of your life.;Jonathan Swift;life
A healthful hunger for a great idea is the beauty and blessedness of life.;Jean Ingelow;life
Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh.;George Bernard Shaw;life
To affect the quality of the day, that is the highest of arts.;Henry David Thoreau;life
Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot.;Charlie Chaplin;life
The art of living is more like wrestling than dancing.;Marcus Aurelius;life
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.;Seneca;life
Look, I don't want to wax philosophic, but I will say that if you're alive you've got to flap your arms and legs, you've got to jump around a lot, for life is the very opposite of death, and therefore you must at very least think noisy and colorfully, or you're not alive.;Mel Brooks;life
When I hear somebody sigh, 'Life is hard,' I am always tempted to ask, 'Compared to what?';Sydney J. Harris;life
People living deeply have no fear of death.;Anais Nin;life
A well-spent day brings happy sleep.;Leonardo da Vinci;life
Fortunately analysis is not the only way to resolve inner conflicts. Life itself still remains a very effective therapist.;Karen Horney;life
Life in abundance comes only through great love.;Elbert Hubbard;life
The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitudes.;William James;life
What is important in life is life, and not the result of life.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;life
You have succeeded in life when all you really want is only what you really need.;Vernon Howard;life
An aim in life is the only fortune worth finding.;Robert Louis Stevenson;life
I look back on my life like a good day's work, it was done and I am satisfied with it.;Grandma Moses;life
While there's life, there's hope.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;life
Get correct views of life, and learn to see the world in its true light. It will enable you to live pleasantly, to do good, and, when summoned away, to leave without regret.;Robert E. Lee;life
Life is a long lesson in humility.;James M. Barrie;life
Life is half spent before we know what it is.;George Herbert;life
Life must be lived as play.;Plato;life
