Just as courage imperils life, fear protects it.;Leonardo da Vinci;fear
Fear may come true that which one is afraid of.;Viktor E. Frankl;fear
The more knowledge you have, the greater will be your fear of Allah.;Abu Bakr;fear
Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.;James Thurber;fear
In itself, homosexuality is as limiting as heterosexuality: the ideal should be to be capable of loving a woman or a man either, a human being, without feeling fear, restraint, or obligation.;Simone de Beauvoir;fear
Our society must make it right and possible for old people not to fear the young or be deserted by them, for the test of a civilization is the way that it cares for its helpless members.;Pearl S. Buck;fear
In a World where people are surrounded by darkness, ignorance and fear, it is a sign of hope to be celebrating Islam's message of peace and light, and the last great Messenger, born and chosen to deliver them to all mankind.;Cat Stevens;fear
Power does not corrupt. Fear corrupts... perhaps the fear of a loss of power.;John Steinbeck;fear
Everywhere that freedom stirs, let tyrants fear.;George W. Bush;fear
It is an open question whether any behavior based on fear of eternal punishment can be regarded as ethical or should be regarded as merely cowardly.;Margaret Mead;fear
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will.;W. Clement Stone;fear
Repentance is not so much remorse for what we have done as the fear of the consequences.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;fear
African women in general need to know that it's OK for them to be the way they are - to see the way they are as a strength, and to be liberated from fear and from silence.;Wangari Maathai;fear
Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most.;Benjamin Disraeli;fear
I fear all we have done is to awaken a sleeping giant and fill him with a terrible resolve.;Isoroku Yamamoto;fear
In order to properly understand the big picture, everyone should fear becoming mentally clouded and obsessed with one small section of truth.;Xun Zi;fear
No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear.;Edmund Burke;fear
At the end of the day, we must go forward with hope and not backward by fear and division.;Jesse Jackson;fear
Few women, I fear, have had such reason as I have to think the long sad years of youth were worth living for the sake of middle age.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;fear
Do not fear death so much but rather the inadequate life.;Bertolt Brecht;fear
Let the fear of a danger be a spur to prevent it he that fears not, gives advantage to the danger.;Benjamin Disraeli;fear
He whose head is in heaven need not fear to put his feet into the grave.;Matthew Henry;fear
Fear is not a lasting teacher of duty.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;fear
Only the contemptible fear contempt.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;fear
Love can no more continue without a constant motion than fire can and when once you take hope and fear away, you take from it its very life and being.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;fear
Comedy is defiance. It's a snort of contempt in the face of fear and anxiety. And it's the laughter that allows hope to creep back on the inhale.;Will Durst;fear
Fear is exciting for me.;Ayrton Senna;fear
The fear really hits you. That's what you feel first. And then it's the anger and frustration. Part of the problem is how little we understand about the ultimate betrayal of the body when it rebels against itself.;Charles Bronson;fear
Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;fear
Our country is now geared to an arms economy bred in an artificially induced psychosis of war hysteria and an incessant propaganda of fear.;Douglas MacArthur;fear
I don't fear death because I don't fear anything I don't understand. When I start to think about it, I order a massage and it goes away.;Hedy Lamarr;fear
The only failure one should fear, is not hugging to the purpose they see as best.;George Eliot;fear
I'm proof against that word failure. I've seen behind it. The only failure a man ought to fear is failure of cleaving to the purpose he sees to be best.;George Eliot;fear
It is not these well-fed long-haired men that I fear, but the pale and the hungry-looking.;Julius Caesar;fear
I have no fear of making changes, destroying the image, etc., because the painting has a life of its own.;Jackson Pollock;fear
The way to develop self-confidence is to do the thing you fear and get a record of successful experiences behind you.;William Jennings Bryan;fear
I fear my enthusiasm flags when real work is demanded of me.;H. P. Lovecraft;fear
Seeing that a Pilot steers the ship in which we sail, who will never allow us to perish even in the midst of shipwrecks, there is no reason why our minds should be overwhelmed with fear and overcome with weariness.;John Calvin;fear
Hopeful thinking can get you out of your fear zone and into your appreciation zone.;Martha Beck;fear
Americans are apocalyptic by nature. The reason why is that we've always had so much, so we live in deadly fear that people are going to take it away from us.;Stephen King;fear
They who have conquered doubt and fear have conquered failure.;James Allen;fear
Follow the path of the unsafe, independent thinker. Expose your ideas to the dangers of controversy. Speak your mind and fear less the label of 'crackpot' than the stigma of conformity. And on issues that seem important to you, stand up and be counted at any cost.;Chauncey Depew;fear
Courage consists not in hazarding without fear but being resolutely minded in a just cause.;Plutarch;fear
We fear to know the fearsome and unsavory aspects of ourselves, but we fear even more to know the godlike in ourselves.;Abraham Maslow;fear
The public is not to see where power lies, how it shapes policy, and for what ends. Rather, people are to hate and fear one another.;Noam Chomsky;fear
As you know from school, it's when you have not prepared for the test that you have the fear of failing. And if you have prepared, even if you fail, you've done your best.;Alice Walker;fear
We shall never be able to remove suspicion and fear as potential causes of war until communication is permitted to flow, free and open, across international boundaries.;Harry S. Truman;fear
Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of a life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.;Louis E. Boone;fear
My fear was not of death itself, but a death without meaning.;Huey Newton;fear
I have no fear of losing my life - if I have to save a koala or a crocodile or a kangaroo or a snake, mate, I will save it.;Steve Irwin;fear
Men fear death as children fear to go in the dark and as that natural fear in children is increased by tales, so is the other.;Francis Bacon;fear
If you fear making anyone mad, then you ultimately probe for the lowest common denominator of human achievement.;Jimmy Carter;fear
While we are focusing on fear, worry, or hate, it is not possible for us to be experiencing happiness, enthusiasm or love.;Bo Bennett;fear
Fear comes from uncertainty. When we are absolutely certain, whether of our worth or worthlessness, we are almost impervious to fear.;William Congreve;fear
The fate of animals is of greater importance to me than the fear of appearing ridiculous it is indissolubly connected with the fate of men.;Emile Zola;fear
I'm intimidated by the fear of being average.;Taylor Swift;fear
Exploiting people's emotions of fear, envy and anxiety is not hope, it's not change, it's partisanship. We don't need partisanship. We don't need demagoguery, we need solutions.;Paul Ryan;fear
Some men love truth so much that they seem to be in continual fear lest she should catch a cold on overexposure.;Samuel Butler;fear
The course of this conflict is not known, yet its outcome is certain. Freedom and fear, justice and cruelty, have always been at war, and we know that God is not neutral between them.;George W. Bush;fear
The hope and change the Democrats had in mind was nothing more than a retread of the failed and discredited socialist policies that have been the enemy of freedom for centuries all over the world. I fear America is teetering towards tyranny.;Jim DeMint;fear
If I die a violent death, as some fear and a few are plotting, I know that the violence will be in the thought and the action of the assassins, not in my dying.;Indira Gandhi;fear
The voice of the intelligence is drowned out by the roar of fear. It is ignored by the voice of desire. It is contradicted by the voice of shame. It is biased by hate and extinguished by anger. Most of all it is silenced by ignorance.;Karl A. Menninger;fear
I do not fear Satan half so much as I fear those who fear him.;Saint Teresa of Avila;fear
I can't understand people calling themselves religious and being hateful. If a preacher is preaching hate, to fear God that's not religion, that's not helping humanity, that's organizing an army to defeat somebody.;Mojo Nixon;fear
The thing I fear most is fear.;Michel de Montaigne;fear
To have a great man for a friend seems pleasant to those who have never tried it those who have, fear it.;Horace;fear
The Christian fear of the pagan outlook has damaged the whole consciousness of man.;David Herbert Lawrence;fear
Fear is, I believe, a most effective tool in destroying the soul of an individual - and the soul of a people.;Anwar Sadat;fear
How very little can be done under the spirit of fear.;Florence Nightingale;fear
Do not look upon this world with fear and loathing. Bravely face whatever the gods offer.;Morihei Ueshiba;fear
Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.;J. K. Rowling;fear
Stories can conquer fear, you know. They can make the heart bigger.;Ben Okri;fear
This man is freed from servile bands, Of hope to rise, or fear to fall Lord of himself, though not of lands, And leaving nothing, yet hath all.;Lord Byron;fear
From too much love of living, From hope and fear set free, We thank with brief thanksgiving Whatever gods may be That no life lives for ever That dead men rise up never That even the weariest river Winds somewhere safe to sea.;Algernon Charles Swinburne;fear
Willpower is the key to success. Successful people strive no matter what they feel by applying their will to overcome apathy, doubt or fear.;Dan Millman;fear
Scalded cats fear even cold water.;Thomas Fuller;fear
Cruelty is a tyrant that's always attended with fear.;Thomas Fuller;fear
It is not power that corrupts but fear. Fear of losing power corrupts those who wield it and fear of the scourge of power corrupts those who are subject to it.;Aung San Suu Kyi;fear
The thirst for powerful sensations takes the upper hand both over fear and over compassion for the grief of others.;Anton Chekhov;fear
People react to fear, not love they don't teach that in Sunday School, but it's true.;Richard M. Nixon;fear
Realists do not fear the results of their study.;Fyodor Dostoevsky;fear
When the will defies fear, when duty throws the gauntlet down to fate, when honor scorns to compromise with death - that is heroism.;Robert Green Ingersoll;fear
As soon as men know that they can kill without fear of punishment or blame, they kill or at least they encourage killers with approving smiles.;Simone Weil;fear
All religions are founded on the fear of the many and the cleverness of the few.;Stendhal;fear
To good and true love fear is forever affixed.;Francois Rabelais;fear
Events that are predestined require but little management. They manage themselves. They slip into place while we sleep, and suddenly we are aware that the thing we fear to attempt, is already accomplished.;Amelia Barr;fear
Therefore, when I considered this carefully, the contempt which I had to fear because of the novelty and apparent absurdity of my view, nearly induced me to abandon utterly the work I had begun.;Nicolaus Copernicus;fear
For fools rush in where angels fear to tread.;Alexander Pope;fear
A word does not frighten the man who, in acting, feels no fear.;Sophocles;fear
Worry is a cycle of inefficient thoughts whirling around a center of fear.;Corrie Ten Boom;fear
Perhaps life is just that... a dream and a fear.;Joseph Conrad;fear
I really believe that all of us have a lot of darkness in our souls. Anger, rage, fear, sadness. I don't think that's only reserved for people who have horrible upbringings. I think it really exists and is part of the human condition. I think in the course of your life you figure out ways to deal with that.;Kevin Bacon;fear
Liberalism is trust of the people tempered by prudence. Conservatism is distrust of the people tempered by fear.;William E. Gladstone;fear
There is nothing strange about fear: no matter in what guise it presents itself it is something with which we are all so familiar that when a man appears who is without it we are at once enslaved by him.;Henry Miller;fear
Everything we do in life is based on fear, especially love.;Mel Brooks;fear
I have a lack of fear, whereas in the past the fear of failure was a powerful motivator. Anyway, I have great expectations for the future, but I just don't know if I'm the monarch of all I survey.;Sylvester Stallone;fear
Fear not, the people may be deluded for a moment, but cannot be corrupted.;Andrew Jackson;fear
The results of political changes are hardly ever those which their friends hope or their foes fear.;Thomas Huxley;fear
I do not say think as I think, but think in my way. Fear no shadows, least of all in that great spectre of personal unhappiness which binds half the world to orthodoxy.;Thomas Huxley;fear
