We hold that the most wonderful and splendid proof of genius is a great poem produced in a civilized age.;Thomas B. Macaulay;age
The age we live in is a busy age in which knowledge is rapidly advancing towards perfection.;Jeremy Bentham;age
In a spiritually sensitive culture, then, it might well be that age is something to be admired or envied.;Rowan D. Williams;age
What though youth gave love and roses, Age still leaves us friends and wine.;Thomas More;age
If there is anything I would do differently in my life, it is that I would study business more. I'm trying to teach my daughter Chloe at an early age about investing and money so she's not afraid of it.;Donna Mills;age
Any young man who is unmarried at the age of twenty one is a menace to the community.;Brigham Young;age
Time, in general, has always been a central obsession of mine - what it does to people, how it can constitute a plot all on its own. So naturally, I am interested in old age.;Anne Tyler;age
The first crocodile I ever caught was at nine years of age, and it was a rescue.;Steve Irwin;age
It is strange to be known so universally and yet to be so lonely.;Albert Einstein;alone
Alone we can do so little together we can do so much.;Helen Keller;alone
It's often just enough to be with someone. I don't need to touch them. Not even talk. A feeling passes between you both. You're not alone.;Marilyn Monroe;alone
Associate with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation for it is better to be alone than in bad company.;George Washington;alone
I restore myself when I'm alone.;Marilyn Monroe;alone
A man is born alone and dies alone and he experiences the good and bad consequences of his karma alone and he goes alone to hell or the Supreme abode.;Chanakya;alone
I have to be alone very often. I'd be quite happy if I spent from Saturday night until Monday morning alone in my apartment. That's how I refuel.;Audrey Hepburn;alone
I don't want to be alone, I want to be left alone.;Audrey Hepburn;alone
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.;Wayne Dyer;alone
We allow our ignorance to prevail upon us and make us think we can survive alone, alone in patches, alone in groups, alone in races, even alone in genders.;Maya Angelou;alone
If it's true that our species is alone in the universe, then I'd have to say the universe aimed rather low and settled for very little.;George Carlin;alone
Language... has created the word 'loneliness' to express the pain of being alone. And it has created the word 'solitude' to express the glory of being alone.;Paul Tillich;alone
I love to be alone. I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.;Henry David Thoreau;alone
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work.;Abdul Kalam;alone
Every man must do two things alone he must do his own believing and his own dying.;Martin Luther;alone
Loneliness is my least favorite thing about life. The thing that I'm most worried about is just being alone without anybody to care for or someone who will care for me.;Anne Hathaway;alone
I have never found a companion that was so companionable as solitude. We are for the most part more lonely when we go abroad among men than when we stay in our chambers. A man thinking or working is always alone, let him be where he will.;Henry David Thoreau;alone
I finally faced the fact that it isn't a crime not having friends. Being alone means you have fewer problems.;Whitney Houston;alone
Yes, I guess you could say I am a loner, but I feel more lonely in a crowed room with boring people than I feel on my own.;Henry Rollins;alone
The only real progress lies in learning to be wrong all alone.;Albert Camus;alone
If you are lonely when you're alone, you are in bad company.;Jean-Paul Sartre;alone
Life could be wonderful if people would leave you alone.;Charlie Chaplin;alone
All men's miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone.;Blaise Pascal;alone
We are rarely proud when we are alone.;Voltaire;alone
We are all sentenced to solitary confinement inside our own skins, for life.;Tennessee Williams;alone
It's an interesting combination: Having a great fear of being alone, and having a desperate need for solitude and the solitary experience. That's always been a tug of war for me.;Jodie Foster;alone
Unlike a drop of water which loses its identity when it joins the ocean, man does not lose his being in the society in which he lives. Man's life is independent. He is born not for the development of the society alone, but for the development of his self.;B. R. Ambedkar;alone
If I am a legend, then why am I so lonely?;Judy Garland;alone
A man can be himself only so long as he is alone.;Arthur Schopenhauer;alone
What a lovely surprise to finally discover how unlonely being alone can be.;Ellen Burstyn;alone
Still and all, why bother? Here's my answer. Many people need desperately to receive this message: I feel and think much as you do, care about many of the things you care about, although most people do not care about them. You are not alone.;Kurt Vonnegut;alone
When so many are lonely as seem to be lonely, it would be inexcusably selfish to be lonely alone.;Tennessee Williams;alone
You come into the world alone and you go out of the world alone yet it seems to me you are more alone while living than even going and coming.;Emily Carr;alone
To live alone is the fate of all great souls.;Arthur Schopenhauer;alone
The time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself.;Doug Coupland;alone
I've also seen that great men are often lonely. This is understandable, because they have built such high standards for themselves that they often feel alone. But that same loneliness is part of their ability to create.;Yousuf Karsh;alone
In Genesis, it says that it is not good for a man to be alone but sometimes it is a great relief.;John Barrymore;alone
I only go out to get me a fresh appetite for being alone.;Lord Byron;alone
The lonely become either thoughtful or empty.;Mason Cooley;alone
There's a tremendous difference between alone and lonely. You could be lonely in a group of people. I like being alone. I like eating by myself. I go home at night and just watch a movie or hang out with my dog. I have to exert myself and really say, oh God, I've got to see my friends 'cause I'm too content being by myself.;Drew Barrymore;alone
I really enjoy being single again. I spent a lot of time in a relationship and the nearer we came to the end, the more difficult it got. You don't see things clearly as long as you're still involved.;Dido Armstrong;alone
The best part about being alone is that you really don't have to answer to anybody. You do what you want.;Justin Timberlake;alone
The desire to get married, which - I regret to say, I believe is basic and primal in women - is followed almost immediately by an equally basic and primal urge - which is to be single again.;Nora Ephron;alone
Who knows what true loneliness is - not the conventional word but the naked terror? To the lonely themselves it wears a mask. The most miserable outcast hugs some memory or some illusion.;Joseph Conrad;alone
Living alone makes it harder to find someone to blame.;Mason Cooley;alone
As a body everyone is single, as a soul never.;Hermann Hesse;alone
The capacity for not feeling lonely can carry a very real price, that of feeling nothing at all.;Doug Coupland;alone
Always give a word or sign of salute when meeting or passing a friend, or even a stranger, if in a lonely place.;Tecumseh;alone
All men's misfortunes spring from their hatred of being alone.;Jean de la Bruyere;alone
To dare to live alone is the rarest courage since there are many who had rather meet their bitterest enemy in the field, than their own hearts in their closet.;Charles Caleb Colton;alone
Even in the presence of others he was completely alone.;Robert M. Pirsig;alone
Alone let him constantly meditate in solitude on that which is salutary for his soul, for he who meditates in solitude attains supreme bliss.;Guru Nanak;alone
I have so many different personalities in me and I still feel lonely.;Tori Amos;alone
I never said, 'I want to be alone.' I only said, 'I want to be left alone.' There is all the difference.;Greta Garbo;alone
Every man is born as many men and dies as a single one.;Martin Heidegger;alone
I paint self-portraits because I am so often alone, because I am the person I know best.;Frida Kahlo;alone
As I get older I'm more and more comfortable being alone.;Sienna Miller;alone
I'm fascinated with myself and love hearing the sound of my own voice. I'd like to hear what I have to say. A lot of people don't like being alone because they truly don't like themselves, but I love me.;Gene Simmons;alone
I would be married, but I'd have no wife, I would be married to a single life.;Charles Bukowski;alone
Unless we love and are loved, each of us is alone, each of us is deeply lonely.;Mortimer Adler;alone
A man content to go to heaven alone will never go to heaven.;Boethius;alone
He that can live alone resembles the brute beast in nothing, the sage in much, and God in everything.;Baltasar Gracian;alone
Remember we're all in this alone.;Lily Tomlin;alone
Solitude is the profoundest fact of the human condition. Man is the only being who knows he is alone.;Octavio Paz;alone
Absolutely lonely people have few personal interactions of any kind.;Martha Beck;alone
Is he alone who has courage on his right hand and faith on his left hand?;Charles Lindbergh;alone
Don't go away. I don't want to be alone. I can't stand being alone.;Arnold Rothstein;alone
Inside myself is a place where I live all alone and that is where I renew my springs that never dry up.;Pearl S. Buck;alone
Being alone is very difficult.;Yoko Ono;alone
I would rather be a beggar and single than a queen and married.;Elizabeth I;alone
If you make friends with yourself you will never be alone.;Maxwell Maltz;alone
Only the lonely know the way I feel tonight.;Roy Orbison;alone
Be able to be alone. Lose not the advantage of solitude, and the society of thyself.;Thomas Browne;alone
The longer one is alone, the easier it is to hear the song of the earth.;Robert Anton Wilson;alone
All of our unhappiness comes from our inability to be alone.;Jean de la Bruyere;alone
When the people you love are gone, you're alone.;Keanu Reeves;alone
You can't fake it when you're alone with God, you know.;Jim Bakker;alone
Nothing makes us so lonely as our secrets.;Paul Tournier;alone
If you're going to put yourself above everybody else, you might end up alone.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;alone
By all means use some time to be alone.;Edward Young;alone
I think I jump around more when I'm alone.;Nicolas Cage;alone
When I'm alone, I can sleep crossways in bed without an argument.;Zsa Zsa Gabor;alone
There are places and moments in which one is so completely alone that one sees the world entire.;Jules Renard;alone
I'm happily single.;Paula Abdul;alone
You're only lonely if you're not there for you.;Phil McGraw;alone
I'm single, footloose and fancy free, I have no responsibilities, no anchors. Work, friendship and self-improvement, that's me.;Joel Edgerton;alone
When everything is lonely I can be my best friend.;Conor Oberst;alone
A human being is a single being. Unique and unrepeatable.;Eileen Caddy;alone
Your actions, and your action alone, determines your worth.;Evelyn Waugh;alone
I think the greatest amount of pressure is the pressure I place on myself. So in a way I chose to be alone.;Cathy Freeman;alone
You only grow when you are alone.;Paul Newman;alone
