There can be no truce between science and religion.;John B. S. Haldane;science
And if we must educate our poets and artists in science, we must educate our masters, labour and capital, in art.;John B. S. Haldane;science
Science fiction is trying to find alternative ways of looking at realities.;Iain Banks;science
My point has always been that, ever since the Industrial Revolution, science fiction has been the most important genre there is.;Iain Banks;science
A lot of what the 'Culture' is about is a reaction to all the science fiction I was reading in my very early teens.;Iain Banks;science
I think a lot of people are frightened of technology and frightened of change, and the way to deal with something you're frightened of is to make fun of it. That's why science fiction fans are dismissed as geeks and nerds.;Iain Banks;science
Science fiction has its own history, its own legacy of what's been done, what's been superseded, what's so much part of the furniture it's practically part of the fabric now, what's become no more than a joke... and so on. It's just plain foolish, as well as comically arrogant, to ignore all this, to fail to do the most basic research.;Iain Banks;science
But because we live in an age of science, we have a preoccupation with corroborating our myths.;Michael Shermer;science
Sound science must be our guide in choosing which problems to tackle and how to approach them.;Frank Luntz;science
When I got my PhD, it was a time when there were just no jobs for PhDs. Period. PhDs were getting the lowest paid technician jobs, if they were lucky, in any kind of science.;Shannon Lucid;science
The 'science' for which the United States is respected has nothing to do with the unscientific and baseless theory of evolution.;Ray Comfort;science
Evolution is the fundamental idea in all of life science - in all of biology.;Ray Comfort;science
Science is a wonderful discipline, to which we are deeply indebted.;Ray Comfort;science
Science fiction has a way of letting you talk about where we are in the world and letting you be a bit of a pop philosopher without being didactic.;Brit Marling;science
I didn't understand how you could be an actor if you didn't also study philosophy and study political science, astronomy. And also just go out and live life and have experiences.;Brit Marling;science
Much of Indian science seems intuitive and not bound by the rigid thinking of classical scientists.;Roland Joffe;science
I hope every woman out there who wants to be a mother and is suffering with infertility, will explore all the options and know that if you choose the science route, it is okay.;Cindy Margolis;science
Our work on light bulbs wasn't an arbitrary mandate. We didn't just pick a standard out of the air, or look for a catchy sounding standard like 25 by 2025 not based in science or feasibility. Instead, we worked with both industry and environmental groups to come up with a standard that made sense and was doable.;Fred Upton;science
Some ideas you have to chew on, then roll them around a lot, play with them before you can turn them into funky science fiction.;Rudy Rucker;science
I would love to photograph Stephen Hawking. I am just fascinated by science, I really am.;Helena Christensen;science
Science goes from question to question big questions, and little, tentative answers. The questions as they age grow ever broader, the answers are seen to be more limited.;George Wald;science
Paleoanthropology is not a science that ends with the discovery of a bone. One has to have the original to work with. It is a life-long task.;Richard Leakey;science
I developed that for a long time. I also developed 'Sugar Sweet Science' at New Line and that didn't happen. That was a boxing movie. And between all that there were a couple of other things.;Danny DeVito;science
In science, all facts, no matter how trivial or banal, enjoy democratic equality.;Mary McCarthy;science
There's a lot of interesting words, nomenclatures, in science.;Andrew Bird;science
My political science degree is always on the back-burner. I took my LSAT, so even if I want to take the LSAT again, I know what I'm getting into. I'll keep it on the back-burner. Who knows, maybe with my popularity, I can have a career in politics with a law degree. I think it'll work out either way.;Vinny Guadagnino;science
Science and literature give me answers. And they ask me questions I will never be able to answer.;Mark Haddon;science
Nothing matters but the facts. Without them, the science of criminal investigation is nothing more than a guessing game.;Blake Edwards;science
Modem science, then, maintains on the one hand that nature, both organic and inorganic, strives towards a state of order and that man's actions are governed by the same tendency.;Rudolf Arnheim;science
If, on occasion, the knowledge brought by science leads to an unhappy end, this is not to the discredit of science but is rather an indication of an imperfect ability to use wisely the gifts placed within our hands.;Polykarp Kusch;science
Great moments in science: Einstein discovers that time is actually money.;Gary Larson;science
Comedy is very hard, but you have to learn the art and science of it.;Marlon Wayans;science
If I wasn't doing this, I'd be in school studying political science or socioeconomic something. I love visiting different cultures and finding out how they make up a society.;Eliza Dushku;science
I wanted to be a political science professor and go to school in Boston. I never wanted to be a big, famous movie star and TV star. It kind of found me.;Eliza Dushku;science
The science of booby-trapping has taken a good deal of the fun out of following hot on the enemy's heels.;A. J. Liebling;science
I think what a life in science really teaches you is the vastness of our ignorance.;David Eagleman;science
Without renouncing the support of physics, it is possible for the physiology of the senses, not only to pursue its own course of development, but also to afford to physical science itself powerful assistance.;Ernst Mach;science
I've always loved 3D. In fact, as a kid, I was exposed to 3D at an early age because my grandfather was a specialist of 3D in cinematheques. And then my cousin put it in 'Science of Sleep' with toilet paper tube cities. But he was a specialist and I always wanted to do something in 3D.;Michel Gondry;science
We tried war, we tried aggression, we tried intervention. None of it works. Why don't we try peace, as a science of human relations, not as some vague notion - as everyday work.;Dennis Kucinich;science
Gender consciousness has become involved in almost every intellectual field: history, literature, science, anthropology. There's been an extraordinary advance.;Clifford Geertz;science
I think the perception of there being a deep gulf between science and the humanities is false.;Clifford Geertz;science
I'm writing a review of three books on feminism and science, and it's about social constructionism. So I would say I'm a social constructionist, whatever that means.;Clifford Geertz;science
Now, Venus is an extremely hostile environment, and as such presents a lot of challenges for a science fiction author who wants to create life there. However, as I began to research it more thoroughly, I found myself intrigued by the possibilities the world offers.;Sarah Zettel;science
When we see the shadow on our images, are we seeing the time 11 minutes ago on Mars? Or are we seeing the time on Mars as observed from Earth now? It's like time travel problems in science fiction. When is now when was then?;Bill Nye;science
HGH testing is happening in Olympics. The science is there. It is a valid test.;Roger Goodell;science
One of the reasons I did this, because I wasn't really looking for another science fiction film, was that my daughter can see it. She's 9 and it's really a good film for all ages.;Sigourney Weaver;science
By exploring the political and moral colorings of discoveries about what makes us tick, we can have a more honest science and a less fearful intellectual milieu.;Steven Pinker;science
Don't confuse hypothesis and theory. The former is a possible explanation the latter, the correct one. The establishment of theory is the very purpose of science.;Martin H. Fischer;science
Facts are not science - as the dictionary is not literature.;Martin H. Fischer;science
In the sick room, ten cents' worth of human understanding equals ten dollars' worth of medical science.;Martin H. Fischer;science
Science fiction, outside of poetry, is the only literary field which has no limits, no parameters whatsoever.;Theodore Sturgeon;science
In science fiction, you can also test out your own realities.;Theodore Sturgeon;science
I wrote the very first stories in science fiction which dealt with homosexuality, The World Well Lost and Affair With a Green Monkey.;Theodore Sturgeon;science
In the forensic science course I took at university they used photographs of dead bodies. For ballistics they showed us a guy lying on the floor, and his head had burst.;Denise Mina;science
My personal conviction is that science is concerned wholly with truth, not with ethics.;Arthur Keith;science
I would be more frightened as a writer if people thought my movies were like science fiction.;Neil LaBute;science
But the imposition of morality onto science, - where it does not belong - has become rampant in recent years.;Bill Condon;science
Winning is the science of being totally prepared.;George Allen, Sr.;science
I've always been a big fan of science fiction and of the worlds of the spiritual and the mystic.;Dan Aykroyd;science
And I grew up on a steady diet of science fiction, especially apocalyptic and postapocalyptic fiction.;Justin Cronin;science
I'm really convinced that our descendants a century or two from now will look back at us with the same pity that we have toward the people in the field of science two centuries ago.;John Templeton;science
The origin of life is one of the great outstanding mysteries of science.;Paul Davies;science
In science, a healthy skepticism is a professional necessity, whereas in religion, having belief without evidence is regarded as a virtue.;Paul Davies;science
Science, we are repeatedly told, is the most reliable form of knowledge about the world because it is based on testable hypotheses. Religion, by contrast, is based on faith. The term 'doubting Thomas' well illustrates the difference.;Paul Davies;science
A permanent base on Mars would have a number of advantages beyond being a bonanza for planetary science and geology. If, as some evidence suggests, exotic micro-organisms have arisen independently of terrestrial life, studying them could revolutionise biology, medicine and biotechnology.;Paul Davies;science
For me, science is already fantastical enough. Unlocking the secrets of nature with fundamental physics or cosmology or astrobiology leads you into a wonderland compared with which beliefs in things like alien abductions pale into insignificance.;Paul Davies;science
Though we do need more women to graduate with technical degrees, I always like to remind women that you don't need to have science or technology degrees to build a career in tech.;Susan Wojcicki;science
Is there anything science should not try to explain? Science is knowledge and knowledge is power - power to do good or evil. Sometimes ignorance is bliss.;Paul Davies;science
Cosmologists have attempted to account for the day-to-day laws you find in textbooks in terms of fundamental 'superlaws,' but the superlaws themselves must still be accepted as brute facts. So maybe the ultimate laws of nature will always be off-limits to science.;Paul Davies;science
Traditionally, scientists have treated the laws of physics as simply 'given,' elegant mathematical relationships that were somehow imprinted on the universe at its birth, and fixed thereafter. Inquiry into the origin and nature of the laws was not regarded as a proper part of science.;Paul Davies;science
The birth of science as we know it arguably began with Isaac Newton's formulation of the laws of gravitation and motion. It is no exaggeration to say that physics was reborn in the early 20th-century with the twin revolutions of quantum mechanics and the theory of relativity.;Paul Davies;science
A man ceases to be a beginner in any given science and becomes a master in that science when he has learned that he is going to be a beginner all his life.;Robin G. Collingwood;science
I got to spend all of my time every day at work reading and editing papers about cutting-edge technical research and getting paid for it. Then I'd go home at night and turn what I learned into science fiction stories.;Kevin J. Anderson;science
I wanted the feel in these books to be like an epic fantasy, with kings, queens, dukes and court politics, but of course like what I was explaining before, about making the science make sense, you have to make the politics make sense, too.;Kevin J. Anderson;science
Dune is the bestselling science fiction book of all time. It's something you really need to read in your lifetime. If you're going to read The Lord of the Rings, which everyone should, then you have to read Dune, too.;Kevin J. Anderson;science
We especially need imagination in science.;Maria Mitchell;science
One of the problems we've had is that the ICT curriculum in the past has been written for a subject that is changing all the time. I think that what we should have is computer science in the future - and how it fits in to the curriculum is something we need to be talking to scientists, to experts in coding and to young people about.;Michael Gove;science
We need to be pro-science we have to go back to science.;Al Franken;science
The thing that interests me least about the radio business is the radio business. But I've had to learn a little bit about it. It's not rocket science: You get ratings, that's good.;Al Franken;science
It turns out that understanding the British public is not rocket science. The British appreciate honesty and they also have a bonkers, off-the-wall sense of humour like me.;Nicole Scherzinger;science
If you just have a single problem to solve, then fine, go ahead and use a neural network. But if you want to do science and understand how to choose architectures, or how to go to a new problem, you have to understand what different architectures can and cannot do.;Marvin Minsky;science
Science is one of a handful of things that defines us as a very special species. It is amazing how far we have been able to get and how accurate our predictions are. I think understanding how the universe was born is very important. It really gives us a perspective on many things.;Yuri Milner;science
From my earliest acquaintance with the science of political economy, it has been evident to my mind that capital was the product of labor, and that therefore, in its best analysis there could be no natural conflict between capital and labor.;Leland Stanford;science
Many writers upon the science of political economy have declared that it is the duty of a nation first to encourage the creation of wealth and second, to direct and control its distribution. All such theories are delusive.;Leland Stanford;science
When I was younger I wanted to be a big movie star who'd get to be funny on talk shows and then I wanted to retire and write science fiction.;Scott Thompson;science
Science already contained all that was necessary, if you just brought it out.;Arthur Young;science
And I thought I would just share with you what science says today about silicone breast implants. If you have them, you're healthier than if you don't. In fact, there's no science that shows that silicone breast implants are detrimental and, in fact, they make you healthier.;Tom Coburn;science
Intelligence is not a science.;Frank Carlucci;science
I certainly saw science as a kind of calling, and one with as much legitimacy as a religious calling.;Joshua Lederberg;science
I did get a very fine education, and not just in science. It took some pressure on the part of my elders to convince me that I really should take an interest in humanities.;Joshua Lederberg;science
I hope I've lived a life of science whose style will encourage younger people.;Joshua Lederberg;science
I'd like to put in a vote for the intrinsic fascination of science.;Joshua Lederberg;science
I'm chairing a UNESCO committee on how to improve global Internet communications for science help third-world people get onto the Net so they can be part of the process.;Joshua Lederberg;science
The general public has long been divided into two parts those who think science can do anything, and those who are afraid it will.;Dixie Lee Ray;science
Music is not math. It's science. You keep mixing the stuff up until it blows up on you, or it becomes this incredible potion.;Bruno Mars;science
English, once accepted as an international language, is no more secure than French has proved to be as the one and only accepted language of diplomacy or as Latin has proved to be as the international language of science.;Edward Sapir;science
The modern mind tends to be more and more critical and analytical in spirit, hence it must devise for itself an engine of expression which is logically defensible at every point and which tends to correspond to the rigorous spirit of modern science.;Edward Sapir;science
I think of it as a good opportunity to let, in particular, school kids know that this job and other interesting jobs in science and engineering are open to anyone who works hard in school and gets a good education and studies math and science. And that it's not just for a select group of people.;Ellen Ochoa;science
Usually, girls weren't encouraged to go to college and major in math and science. My high school calculus teacher, Ms. Paz Jensen, made math appealing and motivated me to continue studying it in college.;Ellen Ochoa;science
