It's a very romantic sentiment, but to think that you would die if you didn't write, well, I would definitely choose to not write and live.;Sarah McLachlan;romantic
The vampire was a complete change from the usual romantic characters I was playing, but it was a success.;Bela Lugosi;romantic
I'm a big romantic, traditional, cheesy guy.;Josh Hutcherson;romantic
You're an actor, are you? Well, all that means is: you are irresponsible, irrational, romantic, and incapable of handling an adult emotion or a universal concept without first reducing it to something personal, material, sensational - and probably sexual!;George Herman;romantic
I broke my nose in gym when a ball hit me. I took a girl to her debutante ball the next week wearing a tux and a big, honking bandage. Not the romantic night she had in mind.;Wentworth Miller;romantic
I don't ever want to be a sentimentalist. I prefer to be a realist. I'm not a romantic really.;James Earl Jones;romantic
The Romantic poets were the prototype ramblers, and I've often found myself following in their footsteps - although perhaps not all of their footsteps since a typical walk for Samuel T. Coleridge might last two days and cover 145km.;Arthur Smith;romantic
The Southern whites are in many respects a great people. Looked at from a certain point of view, they are picturesque. If one will put oneself in a romantic frame of mind, one can admire their notions of chivalry and bravery and justice.;James Weldon Johnson;romantic
I lived by the candlelight for two years because I couldn't afford power. It was nice and romantic at the time, but if you can't afford power you're pretty broke. You endure it.;Jeremy Renner;romantic
Women today are dealing with both their independence and also the fact that their lives are built around finding and satisfying the romantic models we grew up with.;Jane Campion;romantic
I think that the romantic impulse is in all of us and that sometimes we live it for a short time, but it's not part of a sensible way of living. It's a heroic path and it generally ends dangerously.;Jane Campion;romantic
I think that the romantic impulse is in all of us and that sometimes we live it for a short time, but it's not part of a sensible way of living. It's a heroic path and it generally ends dangerously. I treasure it in the sense that I believe it's a path of great courage. It can also be the path of the foolhardy and the compulsive.;Jane Campion;romantic
It's been such a deep and amazing journey for me, getting close to John Keats, and also I love Shelley and Byron. I mean, the thing about the Romantic poets is that they've got the epitaph of romantic posthumously. They all died really young, and Keats, the youngest of them all.;Jane Campion;romantic
So many women today have become so focused on their children, they've developed these romantic entanglements with their children's lives, and the husbands are secondary. They're left out. And the romantic focus is on the children.;Ayelet Waldman;romantic
Is Valentine's Day a day to make cupcakes with your children? No, Valentine's is supposed to be a day about romantic love.;Ayelet Waldman;romantic
I love crying at romantic movies like 'The Notebook.' I'm always bawling.;Fergie;romantic
Sometimes I make very selfish choices like I did 'Once Upon A Time' for my inner 8-year-old and my hypothetical future child. I've done some movies because I would regret them if I didn't, but other projects I've done because they've scared me or if I felt I needed to do a big romantic comedy to help me professionally.;Ginnifer Goodwin;romantic
I've always been sort of addicted to genre-jumping. I've never been in the mood to do the same thing I did last time. Hence, me going from 'Big Love' to romantic comedy, to period film... I can't sit still.;Ginnifer Goodwin;romantic
I love Valentine's Day! I love it, I love it, I love it. I like having doors opened for me. My favorite romantic comedy is 'When Harry Met Sally.';Ginnifer Goodwin;romantic
And I don't believe that children are innocent. In fact, no one seriously believes that. Just go to a playground and watch the kids playing in the sandbox! The romantic notion of the sweet child is simply the parents projecting their own wishes.;Michael Haneke;romantic
I know most people use their phones to tell time, but there's something very romantic and beautiful about a timepiece.;Padma Lakshmi;romantic
I go to Saint Barth in the French West Indies for two weeks each year. That place is amazing. Amazing people, beautiful beaches, great wine, wonderful harbors... It's incredibly romantic.;Brooke Burke;romantic
Latin men are the most passionate men in the world - they may not be the most aggressive, but they are very passionate, very romantic.;Brooke Burke;romantic
My husband, Sal, and I put date nights on the calendar once a week. I know that doesn't sound romantic, but otherwise it won't get done.;Sherri Shepherd;romantic
It's easier to write from my own life, and it's also more fun. I always write about relationships, for instance, whether they're romantic relationships, friendships, encounters... there's always a lesson to be learned from them.;Jason Mraz;romantic
There's nothing more romantic than Italian food.;Elisha Cuthbert;romantic
I'm not a romantic.;Jack Kevorkian;romantic
I'm a romantic.;Tom Cruise;romantic
I don't think that digital photography is romantic yet. It's not sympathetic the way that film is.;Matthew Modine;romantic
I have a great wife and it's very easy to be romantic because it makes her happy and then my life is so much better when she's happy.;Nicholas Sparks;romantic
I think opera has gained a kind of glamorous appeal. It's a live performance that aligns all of the arts, and when it is represented in the media, in film in particular, it is presented as something that is really a special event, whether it's a great date or something that's just hugely romantic.;Renee Fleming;romantic
I hope that I would be considered romantic. I don't know... one of my favorite movies is 'The Notebook' so I guess that would be considered romantic. But I think being romantic is more than the flowers and the gifts. It's about connecting with the person and being able to talk and share things with her.;Taylor Lautner;romantic
The whole romantic part of my life was a wipeout. I didn't even own a belt.;Paul Lynde;romantic
I'm not the most romantic guy, although I do try.;Seth Rogen;romantic
My wife was the first romantic partner who understood both American and native parts of me - not so much the positive stuff, but the damage.;Sherman Alexie;romantic
If I were given a choice between two films and one was dark and explored depraved, troubled or sick aspects of our culture, I would always opt for that over the next romantic comedy.;David Schwimmer;romantic
My goal on my bucket list is to write a romantic comedy movie.;Lynda Barry;romantic
I don't think of death in a romantic way anymore.;Robert Smith;romantic
I'm better with my hands, and I always loved the slightly romantic idea of starting with bits of wood and being able to create something to sit on, to eat from, to store your clothes in.;Jamie Oliver;romantic
I'm very romantic.;Carmen Electra;romantic
Dinner is a great first date. Don't believe that stuff about girls not wanting to eat on a first date - sharing a romantic meal is so sexy.;Carmen Electra;romantic
In mainstream romantic comedies, I'm usually tearing my hair out. It's just a devastatingly difficult genre for me.;Carter Burwell;romantic
As a kid I quite fancied the romantic, Bohemian idea of being an artist. I expect I thought I could escape from the difficulties of maths and spelling. Maybe I thought I would avoid the judgement of the establishment.;Peter Wright;romantic
In those days, boxing was very glamorous and romantic. You listened to fights on the radio, and a good announcer made it seem like a contest between gladiators.;Joseph Barbera;romantic
There's something so romantic about being broke in New York. You gotta do it. You have to live there once without any money, and then you have to live there when you have money. Let me tell you, of the two, the latter is far better.;Amy Poehler;romantic
I don't want to be Mr. Romantic Leading Man. I don't want to be the Dance Dude. I don't want to be the Action Guy. If I had to do any one of those all my life, it'd drive me crazy.;Patrick Swayze;romantic
My vanity is I'm terribly romantic! But being married is lovely.;Matthew Macfadyen;romantic
Acting is not about anything romantic, not even fantasy, although you do create fantasy.;James Earl Jones;romantic
There is as much wisdom in listening as there is in speaking - and that goes for all relationships, not just romantic ones.;Daniel Dae Kim;romantic
Vampires are so old that they don't need to impress anyone anymore. They're comfortable in their own skin. It's this enigmatic strength that's very romantic and old-fashioned. I think it goes back to something of a Victorian attitude of finding a strong man who's going to look after his woman.;Stephen Moyer;romantic
I was very influenced by the musicals and romantic comedies of the 1930s. I admired Gene Harlow and such, which probably explains why, since the end of my marriage, I've dated nothing but a succession of blondes.;Hugh Hefner;romantic
I can sit in front of the TV and watch an old romantic film and be transfixed.;Amber Heard;romantic
I tend to play strong characters and people just assume that I would want to play romantic comedies, which I would love to do, but there are other women that do it so great and they maybe couldn't do what I do, play the kind of characters that I play.;Carrie-Anne Moss;romantic
I've never felt that I had to take a role in one of those mediocre but hugely budgeted romantic comedies because I want to wear beautiful dresses and have people think I'm pretty and that I get the guy.;Minnie Driver;romantic
I don't know if it's possible to live the rock 'n roll lifestyle and still be romantic.;Adam Levine;romantic
More generally, I made an effort to leave out things that weren't relevant to the main narrative themes of the book, namely that there were two sides to Steve Jobs: the romantic, poetic, countercultural rebel on one side, and the serious businessperson on the other.;Walter Isaacson;romantic
The other two things are... well, I had a huge appetite for old black and white movies on BBC 2. At the weekends they used to run matinees, and the more romantic the better.;Ewan McGregor;romantic
It seemed romantic but also tragic - people would be winning but then lose it all, or crash but fight on, break bones but get back on their bikes and try to finish. Just getting to the end was seen as an achievement in itself.;David Millar;romantic
The notion that the public accepts or rejects anything in modern art is merely romantic fiction. The game is completed and the trophies distributed long before the public knows what has happened.;Tom Wolfe;romantic
I got a gymnastics scholarship to college, fell in love with my true love of my whole life - who I'm married to now - and he was a virgin too. It was very romantic.;Victoria Jackson;romantic
I bought a selection of short, romantic fiction novels, studied them, decided that I had found a formula and then wrote a book that I figured was the perfect story. Thank goodness it was rejected.;Louise Brown;romantic
I'm a hopeless romantic.;Lance Bass;romantic
I think everyone dreams of that nice romantic wedding.;Lance Bass;romantic
I'm sorry, but I can't make a movie with the blonde from 'ER' who is starring in every single bad romantic comedy.;Matthew Fox;romantic
I don't want to be pigeonholed into doing just romantic comedies. But they're fun, and especially for women, it's nice to go to see them and enjoy that breath of fresh air.;Kristen Bell;romantic
The romantic idea is that everybody around a writer must suffer for his talent. I think a writer is a citizen of humanity, part of his nation, part of his family. He may have to make some compromises.;Irwin Shaw;romantic
I love romantic comedies, or romantic dramas - basically anything with love in it.;Rachel Bilson;romantic
My great-grandfather was in the army in India, and we have photographs of my family there in full Victorian dress. They're incredibly romantic.;Georgina Chapman;romantic
My music is bejewelled, it's colourful, it's romantic, it shines.;Carly Rae Jepsen;romantic
I used to be a hopeless romantic - I fell in love with everyone I went out with.;Jeremy London;romantic
I'm still a bit of a romantic and an idealist and hopelessly naive.;Brit Marling;romantic
I'm the first one who sees every romantic comedy in theaters.;Elizabeth Olsen;romantic
I've been married before, but I've never had my dream wedding in Vegas. I wanted to do it there because it's casual, quick, not religious and, most of all, very romantic.;Sinead O'Connor;romantic
My mom had this romantic notion of her children playing classical music. The idea is you learn it when you're still learning language. It's using the same part of the brain.;Andrew Bird;romantic
Cooking is always very romantic!;Matthew Morrison;romantic
Basically, I'm a romantic.;Pia Zadora;romantic
I always wanted a guitar. I always wanted to be a cowboy singer because I also listened to Hank Williams, and he would always sing these neat romantic songs.;Dick Dale;romantic
I'd like to be played as a child by Natalie Wood. I'd have some romantic scenes as Audrey Hepburn and have gritty black-and-white scenes as Patricia Neal.;Gloria Steinem;romantic
Christmas is a time of year that's so romantic.;Katharine McPhee;romantic
Mind you, Roman Holiday - which is kind of a romantic comedy - is one of my favorite films, and I think Audrey Hepburn is absolutely phenomenal in that movie.;Ellen Page;romantic
If I had no family, my wife and I would lead a much more romantic and nomadic existence.;David McCallum;romantic
I'd like to classify my life as a romantic comedy. Unfortunately I feel it's probably more like a TV reality show.;Uma Thurman;romantic
I'm not religious, I'm not romantic and I live purely by logic. I make every decision by logic and sometimes that leads me to the right and sometimes to the wrong decision.;Laura Marling;romantic
We travellers are in very hard circumstances. If we say nothing but what has been said before us, we are dull and have observed nothing. If we tell anything new, we are laughed at as fabulous and romantic.;Mary Wortley Montagu;romantic
The most aggressive artists often hide their romantic side.;Don Johnson;romantic
I don't think I'll ever escape the fact that I don't belong anywhere in particular. I've often dreamed about going back to Nigeria, but that's a very romantic notion. It's a hideous country to go to in reality.;Hugo Weaving;romantic
I've often dreamed about going back to Nigeria, but that's a very romantic notion. It's a hideous country to go to in reality.;Hugo Weaving;romantic
I'd like to do a romantic comedy.;Aaron Eckhart;romantic
I'm a romantic, and I like guys to bring flowers and buy some gifts - not expensive things, just romantic things.;Bai Ling;romantic
I guess I'm a bit of a romantic.;Felicity Jones;romantic
Is that romantic fantasy real? Um, after kids, no. Take the kids away, I don't know. Depends.;Robin Wright Penn;romantic
But romantic vision can also lead one away from certain very hard, ugly truths about life that are important to know.;Donna Tartt;romantic
I think the institute of marriage is a noble thing. The idea of a partner for life is incredibly romantic. But now we're living to 100. A hundred years ago people were dying at age 37. Til death do us part was a much different deal.;Debra Messing;romantic
No, actually 'The Host' was totally a palate-cleanser for me. I wanted to do something a little bit different than romantic love. Romantic love is in there, obviously, because I enjoy writing about that and living it a lot.;Stephenie Meyer;romantic
For a romantic comedy to be three hours long, that's longer than most marriages.;David Fincher;romantic
When I was very, very young, seven years old, I heard there was school where you could go to learn to draw. That was my absolute driven passion, to become an artist or a painter. So the romantic realist in me, I studied to be a graphic design artist and an art teacher.;David Coverdale;romantic
Well, there's just some universal truths in a way that I've just observed to be true. You read Voltaire. You read modern literature. Anywhere you go, there's these observations about romantic love and what it does people, and these rotten feelings that rarely are people meaning to do that to each other.;Feist;romantic
In terms of romantic films, all-time romantic films, I really like 'Gone With the Wind.' And I realize I sound so cliched saying that, but there's something so absolutely romantic about it.;Freida Pinto;romantic
We don't tend to write about disease in fiction - not just teen novels but all American novels - because it doesn't fit in with our idea of the heroic romantic epic. There is room only for sacrifice, heroism, war, politics and family struggle.;John Green;romantic
