It's not someone else's responsibility to honor my marriage. It's my responsibility.;David Duchovny;marriage
I believe in traditional marriage and I believe in the Defense of Marriage Act.;Herman Cain;marriage
I don't know why someone else's marriage has anything to do with me.;Elizabeth Edwards;marriage
I'm completely comfortable with gay marriage.;Elizabeth Edwards;marriage
I don't have any romantic ideas about marriage. Trust me. A white dress... ? No. It's not something for me.;Diane Kruger;marriage
The clearest explanation for the failure of any marriage is that the two people are incompatible that is, that one is male and the other female.;Anna Quindlen;marriage
I'm not convinced about marriage. Divorce is so easy, and that fact that gay people are not allowed to marry takes much of the meaning out of it. Committing yourself to one person is sacred.;Natalie Portman;marriage
Bring a wife home to your house when you are of the right age, not far short of 30 years, nor much above this is the right time for marriage.;Hesiod;marriage
Even if you plan a marriage and a family, you are never quite prepared for the reality versus how you imagined it. In a lot of ways it's better, and in a lot of ways it's worse. That's life, right?;Katherine Heigl;marriage
The problem for those who assert biblical authority in support of traditional definitions of marriage is that one could, with equal validity, assert that the lending of money or certain kinds of haircuts are forbidden by God, or that slavery and the subjugation of women are authorized by the Lord.;Jon Meacham;marriage
My mother had a son from previous marriage and her husband died in Second World War.;Mikhail Baryshnikov;marriage
Let a man do what he will by a single woman, the world is encouragingly apt to think Marriage a sufficient amends.;Samuel Richardson;marriage
Love before marriage is absolutely necessary.;Samuel Richardson;marriage
Sobering up was responsible for breaking up my marriage. That's what it couldn't stand.;James Taylor;marriage
Our marriage is strictly in name only. It has never been consummated.;LaToya Jackson;marriage
You know, I believe that marriage is between a man and a woman.;Carly Fiorina;marriage
Never ever discount the idea of marriage. Sure, someone might tell you that marriage is just a piece of paper. Well, so is money, and what's more life-affirming than cold, hard cash?;Dennis Miller;marriage
I don't know of many evangelicals who want to deny gay couples their legal rights. However, most of us don't want to call it marriage, because we think that word has religious connotations, and we're not ready to see it used in ways that offend us.;Tony Campolo;marriage
But I think it's up to a local congregation to determine whether or not a marriage should be blessed of God. And it shouldn't be up to the government.;Tony Campolo;marriage
Marriage should be viewed as an institution ordained by God and should be out of the control of the state.;Tony Campolo;marriage
President Bush once said that marriage is a sacred institution and should be reserved for the union of one man and one woman. If this is the case - and most Americans would agree with him on this - then I have to ask: Why is the government at all involved in marrying people?;Tony Campolo;marriage
If marriage really is a sacred institution, then why is the government controlling it, especially in a nation that affirms separation of church and state?;Tony Campolo;marriage
You know what's funny? I don't ever feel the need to escape. I have a strong marriage. I like my life. You hear about these guys having midlife crises - I don't see that happening to me.;Harry Connick, Jr.;marriage
Unfenced by law, the unmarried lover can quit a bad relationship at any time. But you - the legally married person who wants to escape doomed love - may soon discover that a significant portion of your marriage contract belongs to the State, and that it sometimes takes a very long while for the State to grant you your leave.;Elizabeth Gilbert;marriage
The submission of her body without love or desire is degrading to the woman's finer sensibility, all the marriage certificates on earth to the contrary notwithstanding.;Margaret Sanger;marriage
Right now, I'm not really thinking about marriage.;Adam Lambert;marriage
There was a time in the marriage when I could no longer look at myself in a mirror, couldn't feel I was a nice person. A bad relationship can do that, can make you doubt everything good you ever felt about yourself.;Dionne Warwick;marriage
I thought the divorce statistics would never apply to me. I was beyond heartbroken when they did. But I got up and got on with it. I also kept my belief in marriage.;Jennifer Garner;marriage
Since the dawn of time, traditional marriage - the union between one man and one woman - has been the building block of civilization, and at no point in our nation's history has that foundation been under more severe attack than now.;Jim DeMint;marriage
Marriage, at this point in my life? I'm not interested in it. Yet. Maybe later when I'm 35 or 40.;Amanda Seyfried;marriage
Marriage has just never interested me.;Jacqueline Bisset;marriage
I have a lot of skepticism about marriage and monogamy.;Rashida Jones;marriage
Marriage feels like an industry with catering and really expensive bands.;Rashida Jones;marriage
Spending only what the country can afford, rewarding savings, encouraging independence, supporting marriage: people know that these things are common sense.;William Hague;marriage
When undertaking marriage, everyone must be the judge of his own thoughts, and take counsel from himself.;Francois Rabelais;marriage
A marriage doesn't have to be perfect, but you can be perfect for each other.;Jessica Simpson;marriage
To me marriage is for five or ten years.;Cher;marriage
I believe marriage should be between one man and one woman. That's my view, and that'll be the view of our state because I wouldn't sign a bill that - like the one that was in New York.;Chris Christie;marriage
It's nice to know you have support. Last night I got a marriage proposal. I just laughed.;Carrie Underwood;marriage
My thoughts are that marriage is between a man and a woman.;Benjamin Carson;marriage
Marriage is a very sacred institution and should not be degraded by allowing every other type of relationship to be made equivalent to it.;Benjamin Carson;marriage
When I think of a merry, happy, free young girl - and look at the ailing, aching state a young wife generally is doomed to - which you can't deny is the penalty of marriage.;Queen Victoria;marriage
Marriage is actually really terrifying. It doesn't work for many people.;Katherine Heigl;marriage
The media seems to think only abortion and gay marriage are religious issues. Poverty is a moral issue, it's a faith issue, it's a religious issue.;Jim Wallis;marriage
Nothing in life is as good as the marriage of true minds between man and woman. As good? It is life itself.;Pearl S. Buck;marriage
A good marriage is different to a happy marriage.;Debra Winger;marriage
Getting married, for me, was the best thing I ever did. I was suddenly beset with an immense sense of release, that we have something more important than our separate selves, and that is the marriage. There's immense happiness that can come from working towards that.;Nick Cave;marriage
There are four stages in a marriage. First there's the affair, then the marriage, then children and finally the fourth stage, without which you cannot know a woman, the divorce.;Norman Mailer;marriage
Gay marriage is the last bastion of, to me... as a legal, ceremonial, sentimental and religious side, it's one of the last steps. Retaining your job being one of the earlier steps, like, not getting kicked out of your job because you're gay.;Gus Van Sant;marriage
Well, my wife and I were married in a toilet - it was a marriage of convenience!;Tommy Cooper;marriage
I couldn't bear a marriage in which one partner hinges on the other.;Clive Owen;marriage
I've always been clear, I support the traditional definition of marriage.;Stephen Harper;marriage
Of all actions of a man's life, his marriage does least concern other people, yet of all actions of our life tis most meddled with by other people.;John Selden;marriage
Marriage requires a special talent, like acting. Monogamy requires genius.;Warren Beatty;marriage
Marriage! Nothing else demands so much of a man.;Henrik Ibsen;marriage
Marriage is a risk I think it's a great and glorious risk, as long as you embark on the adventure in the same spirit.;Cate Blanchett;marriage
Most of these alternative arrangements, so-called, arise out of the ruins of marriages, not as an improvement of old fashioned marriage.;Christopher Lasch;marriage
Marriage is gonna be your stability through everything.;Miranda Lambert;marriage
Marriage is a big deal, but who's to say I'm not going to pull a Vegas and get married to see what it's like for a minute?;Lindsay Lohan;marriage
Accident counts for as much in companionship as in marriage.;Henry Adams;marriage
Marriage is not simply a romantic union between two people it's also a political and economic contract of the highest order.;Elizabeth Gilbert;marriage
As somebody who, in my second marriage, insisted on a prenuptial agreement, I can also testify that sometimes it is an act of love to chart the exit strategy before you enter the union, in order to make sure that not only you, but your partner as well, knows that there will be no World War III should hearts and minds, for any sad reason, change.;Elizabeth Gilbert;marriage
I think it's unfortunate that there exists only one path in America to complete social legitimacy, and that is marriage. I think, for instance, that it would be far easier for Americans to elect a black president or a female president than an unmarried president.;Elizabeth Gilbert;marriage
Men go into marriage with virtually no expectations whatsoever. Ten years later, the men are delightfully surprised to find out that it's actually kind of nice, and the women have sort of had to take a nose dive from what they thought it was going to be.;Elizabeth Gilbert;marriage
I was a bartender for a long time, so I know how to make drinks, but I'm more likely to offer them than to have them. I think this is one of the reasons why I get to live longer than my great-grandmother did, and why I get to produce more writing than she did, and why my marriage isn't in dire straits.;Elizabeth Gilbert;marriage
I wanted my marriage to work, but it didn't.;Diane Abbott;marriage
Take this marriage thing seriously - it has to last all the way to the divorce.;Roseanne Barr;marriage
I didn't think marriage worked. I thought everybody who was married was secretly miserable - that it was something they just put up with for their children.;Salma Hayek;marriage
For me working on the marriage and not making the easy choice of cheating was something that I could not do.;Al Goldstein;marriage
In 1989 when I switched from Democrat to Republican, with God as my witness, not one thing changed about what I believed about one man and one woman in a marriage or about diversity of color. That's a good thing.;J. C. Watts;marriage
I think marriage and athletes is a bad combination.;Dennis Rodman;marriage
Before marriage, many couples are very much like people rushing to catch an airplane once aboard, they turn into passengers. They just sit there.;Paul Getty;marriage
Every marriage tends to consist of an aristocrat and a peasant. Of a teacher and a learner.;John Updike;marriage
That a marriage ends is less than ideal but all things end under heaven, and if temporality is held to be invalidating, then nothing real succeeds.;John Updike;marriage
The first breath of adultery is the freest after it, constraints aping marriage develop.;John Updike;marriage
Marriage is a good deal like a circus: there is not as much in it as is represented in the advertising.;E. W. Howe;marriage
Most people like to read about intrigue and spies. I hope to provide a metaphor for the average reader's daily life. Most of us live in a slightly conspiratorial relationship with our employer and perhaps with our marriage.;John le Carre;marriage
I put my career in second place throughout both my marriages and it suffered. I don't regret it. You make choices. If you want a good marriage, you must pay attention to that. If you want to be independent, go ahead. You can't have it all.;Lauren Bacall;marriage
I was looking very much for a career. My second marriage to Stan Herman had ended, and I wanted very much to be independent, not take alimony from him, be on my own, do the right thing.;Linda Evans;marriage
The only day I remember of my parents' marriage was the day my dad walked out. As I stood there at five years old, with my older sister and younger brother, I knew that he was gone.;Ellie Goulding;marriage
Straight couples don't have to be monogamous to be married or married to be monogamous. Monogamy no more defines marriage than the presence of children does. Monogamy isn't compulsory and its absence doesn't invalidate a marriage.;Dan Savage;marriage
I'm more afraid of marriage than death.;Shakira;marriage
In a bad marriage, friends are the invisible glue. If we have enough friends, we may go on for years, intending to leave, talking about leaving - instead of actually getting up and leaving.;Erica Jong;marriage
It takes two to make a marriage a success and only one to make it a failure.;Herbert Samuel;marriage
Anything outside marriage seems like freedom and excitement.;Jeanette Winterson;marriage
My father was very big on marriage.;Sidney Poitier;marriage
I can look back at different times in my life when I felt I could not find my way out of whatever it was. I'm not necessarily talking about marriage, but I wanted to pack it in. I wanted to disappear. A lot of that has to do with being in the public eye.;Amy Grant;marriage
I always felt that a marriage works best at a farm... where you're together and everybody has clear-cut roles they have chores, 'you take care of this' and you know. But it's hard.;Ethan Hawke;marriage
The biggest financial pitfall in life is divorce. And the biggest reason for divorce is marriage.;Gene Simmons;marriage
If your neighbor has a completely different view on abortion, gay marriage, stem cell research, all of those things, you still are both Americans. Neither one of you is necessarily more patriotic than the other. Neither loves their country any more than the other one does.;Phil McGraw;marriage
If you've gone into a marriage and you haven't been clear about how you're going to handle money, how you want to raise kids, who is going to work or stay home or what have you, then you've set yourself up for failure.;Phil McGraw;marriage
Here in Hollywood you can actually get a marriage license printed on an Etch-A-Sketch.;Dennis Miller;marriage
There are few more powerful tools for promoting stability than the institution of marriage.;Iain Duncan Smith;marriage
Over the years the political establishment has frowned if a mainstream politician mentions marriage.;Iain Duncan Smith;marriage
The priesthood is a marriage. People often start by falling in love, and they go on for years without realizing that love must change into some other love which is so unlike it that it can hardly be recognized as love at all.;Iris Murdoch;marriage
One doesn't have to get anywhere in a marriage. It's not a public conveyance.;Iris Murdoch;marriage
It devastates me now that I have been reduced to a Hollywood statistic - another joke marriage.;Sophia Bush;marriage
I'm all for same-sex marriage.;Tori Spelling;marriage
Defining marriage is a power that should be left to the states. Moreover, no state should be forced to recognize a marriage that is not within its own laws, Constitution, and legal precedents.;John Sununu;marriage
