Perhaps the most effective way to describe the approach a brand must take is to think of themselves as social cartographers. By that I mean that brands must simultaneously inspire, engage and maintain a series of conversations taking place within certain cultural landscape specific to their business goal.;Simon Mainwaring;business
The social business marketplace is effectively forcing brands to engage with consumers on the basis of something that is meaningful to them. More often than not, this takes the form of some core value that finds expression in a non-profit cause.;Simon Mainwaring;business
Integrate purpose into your for-profit business model through a long term commitment to a cause that is aligned with your core values and those of your community.;Simon Mainwaring;business
In today's social business marketplace Facebook is one of the best places for nonprofits to be discovered and connect with a larger audience on the basis of shared values. So to get started, a non-profit should launch a Facebook page and invite your existing real world community to connect your cause and their networks.;Simon Mainwaring;business
In the social business marketplace, brands that hope to build loyal and growing communities do so most effectively when they demonstrate their core values and allow a community to build and engage around it.;Simon Mainwaring;business
Billions are wasted on ineffective philanthropy. Philanthropy is decades behind business in applying rigorous thinking to the use of money.;Michael Porter;business
God will forgive me that's his business.;Heinrich Heine;business
The world can forgive practically anything except people who mind their own business.;Margaret Mitchell;business
As a restaurateur, my job is to basically control the chaos and the drama. There's always going to be chaos in the restaurant business.;Rocco DiSpirito;business
If I could set a world record, it would be that I have 150 business partners, all with thriving businesses of their own that started with nothing and I made the difference to make them all billionaires.;Barbara Corcoran;business
Where are the jobs going to come from?Small business, manufacturing and clean energy. Where's the money to finance them? The banks and the corporations in America today have lots of money that they can invest right now.;William J. Clinton;business
We need to stop apologizing for celebrating life. We need to stop apologizing for wanting to protect an individual's right to build a business.;Rick Perry;business
Somebody has to tell the E.P.A. that we don't need you monkeying around and fiddling around and getting in our business with every kind of regulation you can dream up. You're doing nothing more than killing jobs. It's a cemetery for jobs at the E.P.A.;Rick Perry;business
We must have ideals and try to live up to them, even if we never quite succeed. Life would be a sorry business without them. With them it's grand and great.;Lucy Maud Montgomery;business
There are people in the public sector with a range of experiences that have no equivalent in business, but are essential to governing, like keeping a kid in school or helping someone get and hold a job. The value of those skills can't easily be measured against a bottom line.;Dee Dee Myers;business
It's wonderful to have the most important thing in the world there first thing in the morning. And especially in this business, where the opportunity to think everything is about you is there every day, now I really know that it isn't all about me.;Kate Beckinsale;business
I believe there are three keys to success. For me it is keeping my priorities in order: It's my faith and my family, and then the business.;Kathy Ireland;business
The great fear that hung over the business community in the 1970s was death by regulation, and the great goal of the conservative movement, as it rose to triumph in the 1980s, was to remove that threat - to keep OSHA, the EPA, and the FTC from choking off entrepreneurship with their infernal meddling in the marketplace.;Thomas Frank;business
In an age of incompetence, I've been able to last in this crazy business. I actually know how to play my ax and write a song. That's my job.;Billy Joel;business
In this business, my business, I get to meet all kinds of incredible people, fascinating people, glamorous people and sexy people and highly intellectual people. And you meet them and you go 'interesting, interesting, interesting'. They're interesting, but not very many people stop you in your tracks.;Madonna Ciccone;business
I'm very free-spirited and crazy. I love to have fun, and I like doing stupid things. At the same time, I'm like a 35-year-old. I have a house. I have a car. I have a steady job. I have a business, and I have to make serious decisions.;Avril Lavigne;business
And I want to do it the right way, like everybody else, not just a famous figurehead that gets a job because he is a famous basketball player. I want to really learn the business.;Shaquille O'Neal;business
In business, you're the Chief Salesman. Create a sense of demand, rather than waiting to have demand.;Barbara Corcoran;business
The hardest thing about being in this business is just being able to be yourself. People act like there's this one set of rules to follow to be a pop star and I think, 'Well, you say I'm a pop star, so maybe that's not true.';Kelly Clarkson;business
Very few, if any, first-generation black or white or Asian kids will pursue a Ph.D. They'll pursue the professions for economic security. Many will go to law school and/or business school.;Henry Louis Gates;business
The sad truth is that without complex business partnerships between African elites and European traders and commercial agents, the slave trade to the New World would have been impossible, at least on the scale it occurred.;Henry Louis Gates;business
Follow sound business trends, not fashion trends.;Janice Dickinson;business
The death of any man aged 56 is very sad for his widow and family. And no one would deny that Steve Jobs was a brilliant and highly innovative technician, with great business flair and marketing ability.;A. N. Wilson;business
That's what show business is, sincere insincerity.;Benny Hill;business
If the First Amendment means anything, it means that a state has no business telling a man, sitting alone in his house, what books he may read or what films he may watch.;Thurgood Marshall;business
Organized religion is a sham and a crutch for weak-minded people who need strength in numbers. It tells people to go out and stick their noses in other people's business.;Jesse Ventura;business
Part of show business is magic. You don't know how it happens.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;business
In the modern world of business, it is useless to be a creative, original thinker unless you can also sell what you create.;David Ogilvy;business
Positive thinking is the key to success in business, education, pro football, anything that you can mention. I go out there thinking that I'm going to complete every pass.;Ron Jaworski;business
Death is a billion-dollar business. They can't even pass a law where it takes seven days to get a gun. Why don't you have to go through the same kind of screening you do to get a driver's license? It's totally insane.;John Cusack;business
I have laid aside business, and gone a'fishing.;Izaak Walton;business
Understand why casinos and racetracks stay in business - the gambler always loses over the long term.;Marilyn vos Savant;business
Any work that's worth doing has its challenges as well as its opportunities. That's true if you're running a business, it's true if you're trying to help on a campaign.;Carly Fiorina;business
Now that women are jockeys, baseball umpires, atomic scientists, and business executives, maybe someday they can master parallel parking.;Bill Vaughan;business
Los Angeles is such a town of show business, and I'm a terrible celebrity. I find it difficult - it's the beast that must be fed. There's this big wheel of pictures and articles that goes around, and you get pinned on it.;Julia Roberts;business
I couldn't be an ingenue today, because the business has changed. I remember when you could dress for a premiere just by putting on a cute top. Now you have to be perfect and fabulous in every way, or you're ridiculed.;Julia Roberts;business
I started the site when I was 19. I didn't know much about business back then.;Mark Zuckerberg;business
All the business of war, and indeed all the business of life, is to endeavour to find out what you don't know by what you do that's what I called 'guess what was at the other side of the hill'.;Duke of Wellington;business
The common question that gets asked in business is, 'why?' That's a good question, but an equally valid question is, 'why not?';Jeff Bezos;business
There's another way we are getting behind business - by sorting out the banks. Taxpayers bailed you out. Now it's time for you to repay the favour and start lending to Britain's small businesses.;David Cameron;business
Commitments are one of the worst things to have in the music business. They're very annoying.;Neil Young;business
I'm an introvert at heart... And show business - even though I've loved it so much - has always been hard for me.;Roy Rogers;business
Romney is right that the Obama vision is too centered on government. But his is too centered on the promotion of business and wealth creation at the expense of everything else.;John Podhoretz;business
There is something sinister, something quite biographical about what I do - but that part is for me. It's my personal business. I think there is a lot of romance, melancholy. There's a sadness to it, but there's romance in sadness. I suppose I am a very melancholy person.;Alexander McQueen;business
A merchant who approaches business with the idea of serving the public well has nothing to fear from the competition.;James Cash Penney;business
If you deprive yourself of outsourcing and your competitors do not, you're putting yourself out of business.;Lee Kuan Yew;business
Most of my relationships were people in the business. Having said that, me and Tim don't really talk that much about work. He comes into my bit of the house every so often to vent but we don't really have very high, cultured conversations.;Helena Bonham Carter;business
When I was in N.W.A. and didn't get paid all the money I was owed, that's when the business side of showbiz hit me.;Ice Cube;business
Short cycle business are being impacted by credit, and are being impacted by gasoline prices, food, distribution businesses, chemical business.;Jack Welch;business
Politics is just show business for ugly people.;Jay Leno;business
I think we have to notice that the business processes we use right now for thinking and planning and budgeting and strategy are all delivered on very tight agendas.;Margaret J. Wheatley;business
The 9-9-9 plan would resuscitate this economy because it replaces the outdated tax code that allows politicians to pick winners and losers, and to provide favors in the form of tax breaks, special exemptions and loopholes. It simplifies the code dramatically: 9% business flat tax, 9% personal flat tax, 9% sales tax.;Herman Cain;business
I don't have more money. I won't have more money than any of the candidates, even the Republican candidates. We know that already. But we are building this campaign team like I would build a business. And that is, we are building it so far with no debt.;Herman Cain;business
Whether you were talking about Pillsbury, Burger King, Godfather's, the National Restaurant Association, in each one of those situations, I had a daunting problem that I had to solve. And I used the same business principles to approach the problem and, more importantly, solve the problem in every one of the situations.;Herman Cain;business
My approach to cutting spending as president, is to do a ten percent across the board cut of all federal agencies, and then ask each of my new agency heads to find another ten percent by drilling down. That's what you do in business to come up with approximately 20 percent cuts for the first fiscal year budget.;Herman Cain;business
Interest in business ethics courses has surged, and student activities at leading business schools are more focused than ever before on making business serve long-term social values.;Peter Singer;business
The whole business is built on ego, vanity, self-satisfaction, and it's total crap to pretend it's not.;George Michael;business
Half the time men think they are talking business, they are wasting time.;E. W. Howe;business
I've seen so many people in this business that made a fortune. They get old and broke and can't make any money. I tell you something... no one's going to play a benefit for Jimmy Dean.;Jimmy Dean;business
I do not understand how it is that financial institutions could think that they could take taxpayer money and then turn around and act like it's business as usual. I don't understand how they can't see that the world has changed in a fundamental way, that it is not business as usual when you take taxpayer dollars.;Elizabeth Warren;business
Man, I don't want to have nothing to do with computers. I don't want the government in my business.;Erykah Badu;business
Music and the music business are two different things.;Erykah Badu;business
Don't solicit feedback on your product, idea or your business just for validation purposes. You want to tell the people who can help move your idea forward, but if you're just looking to your friend, co-worker, husband or wife for validation, be careful. It can stop a lot of multimillion-dollar ideas in their tracks in the beginning.;Sara Blakely;business
There's no business like show business, but there are several businesses like accounting.;David Letterman;business
Well, I think that there's a very thin dividing line between success and failure. And I think if you start a business without financial backing, you're likely to go the wrong side of that dividing line.;Richard Branson;business
Interior design is a business of trust.;Venus Williams;business
If you break 100, watch your golf. If you break 80, watch your business.;Joey Adams;business
I'm in a business where no one cares about anything except how well your last collection sold.;Calvin Klein;business
When I started the business, I hardly went home. I became very driven about work and about my career.;Calvin Klein;business
I think it is an immutable law in business that words are words, explanations are explanations, promises are promises - but only performance is reality.;Harold S. Geneen;business
In business, words are words explanations are explanations, promises are promises, but only performance is reality.;Harold S. Geneen;business
It's so hard for women in this business. And I want to be doing this when I'm 50.;Sienna Miller;business
Business is war. I go out there, I want to kill the competitors. I want to make their lives miserable. I want to steal their market share. I want them to fear me and I want everyone on my team thinking we're going to win.;Kevin O'Leary;business
I want to apologize to all of the people I have let down because of my behavior which has reflected badly on my family, friends, co-workers, business associates and others.;Kate Moss;business
Diplomats make it their business to conceal the facts.;Margaret Sanger;business
I know the history of the record business so well because I followed Billie Holiday into the record studios. It was so primitive compared to the sophisticated business today.;Tony Bennett;business
There is no business in America that would be prevented from taking results into account when making personnel decisions.;Michael Bloomberg;business
It is rare to find a business partner who is selfless. If you are lucky it happens once in a lifetime.;Michael Eisner;business
Teenage girls these days are more and more getting lured into thinking they should dumb themselves down, and that's going to attract the wrong kind of guy, and it's serious. It's serious business.;Danica McKellar;business
The camera fails to capture the 'business' in show business! We typically will give 10 percent of our salary to the agent, 10 percent to the manager, and 5 percent to the lawyer, plus the publicist gets a flat fee, which needs to be budgeted for.;Danica McKellar;business
The movie business is a big gamble.;Jackie Chan;business
I feel fine, I don't care who the director is. All you have to do is know what your doing - all of us - everybody in the business - that's all you ask anyone - you know your job, I know mine, let's go do it.;Morgan Freeman;business
You wouldn't want to be called a sell-out by selling a product. Selling out was frowned on, whereas now you can major in it at business school.;Alan Alda;business
I find myself going to places where I really have no business, speaking to these people in a whole other field that I have no extensive knowledge of. But I do it very often because it scares me.;Alan Alda;business
Many people see technology as the problem behind the so-called digital divide. Others see it as the solution. Technology is neither. It must operate in conjunction with business, economic, political and social system.;Carly Fiorina;business
Don't think of yourself as a woman in business.;Carly Fiorina;business
Had anyone told me that I was going to have a career in business, I would have said, 'No way.';Carly Fiorina;business
You know, every family and every business in California knows what it means to go through tough times.;Carly Fiorina;business
If you have a line of business - I know this as a CEO - or if you have a teenager - I know this as a parent - who have a spending problem, what do you do? You quit giving them money.;Carly Fiorina;business
Childhood is a tricky business. Usually, something goes wrong.;Maurice Sendak;business
Treaties, agreements and organizations to help settle disputes may be necessary, but they often favor the interests of business over citizens.;David Suzuki;business
I propose that the government should get out of the business of marrying people and, instead, only give legal status to civil unions.;Tony Campolo;business
When I started Netscape I was brand new out of college and all the aspects of building a business, like balance sheets and hiring people, were new to me.;Marc Andreessen;business
Our combination of great research universities, a pro-risk business culture, deep pools of innovation-seeking equity capital and reliable business and contract law is unprecedented and unparalleled in the world.;Marc Andreessen;business
