The best mind-altering drug is the truth.;Lily Tomlin;truth
All religion seems to need to prove that it's the only truth. And that's where it turns demonic. Because that's when you get religious wars and persecutions and burning heretics at the stake.;John Shelby Spong;truth
Myths and creeds are heroic struggles to comprehend the truth in the world.;Ansel Adams;truth
Reason is a supple nymph, and slippery as a fish by nature. She had as leave give her kiss to an absurdity any day, as to syllogistic truth. The absurdity may turn out truer.;David Herbert Lawrence;truth
Anyone can tell the truth, but only very few of us can make epigrams.;W. Somerset Maugham;truth
Fiction is a kind of compassion-generating machine that saves us from sloth. Is life kind or cruel? Yes, Literature answers. Are people good or bad? You bet, says Literature. But unlike other systems of knowing, Literature declines to eradicate one truth in favor of another.;George Saunders;truth
I have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth.;Umberto Eco;truth
There is something wonderful in seeing a wrong-headed majority assailed by truth.;John Kenneth Galbraith;truth
One column of truth cannot hold an institution of ideas from falling into ignorance. It is wiser that a person of prudence and purpose save his strength for battles that can be won.;Bryant H. McGill;truth
As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand.;Josh Billings;truth
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.;Arthur Conan Doyle;truth
Let a man get up and say, Behold, this is the truth, and instantly I perceive a sandy cat filching a piece of fish in the background. Look, you have forgotten the cat, I say.;Virginia Woolf;truth
The greatest friend of truth is Time, her greatest enemy is Prejudice, and her constant companion is Humility.;Charles Caleb Colton;truth
We live in a world of denial, and we don't know what the truth is anymore.;Javier Bardem;truth
There are certain persons for whom pure Truth is a poison.;Andre Maurois;truth
If we are to take for the criterion of truth the majority of suffrages, they ought to be gotten from those philosophic and patriotic citizens who cultivate their reason.;James Madison;truth
It is proof of a base and low mind for one to wish to think with the masses or majority, merely because the majority is the majority. Truth does not change because it is, or is not, believed by a majority of the people.;Giordano Bruno;truth
To tell the truth is to become beautiful, to begin to love yourself, value yourself. And that's political, in its most profound way.;June Jordan;truth
Materialism coarsens and petrifies everything, making everything vulgar, and every truth false.;Henri Frederic Amiel;truth
It is an old maxim of mine that when you have excluded the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.;Arthur Conan Doyle;truth
No one should ever say that it was my ignorance if I did or showed forth anything however small according to God's good pleasure but let this be your conclusion and let it so be thought, that - as is the perfect truth - it was the gift of God.;Saint Patrick;truth
It's essential to tell the truth at all times. This will reduce life's pain. Lying distorts reality. All forms of distorted thinking must be corrected.;John Bradshaw;truth
The truth is the Super Bowl long ago became more than just a football game. It's part of our culture like turkey at Thanksgiving and lights at Christmas, and like those holidays beyond their meaning, a factor in our economy.;Bob Schieffer;truth
The chief ingredients in the composition of those qualities that gain esteem and praise, are good nature, truth, good sense, and good breeding.;Joseph Addison;truth
Competence, like truth, beauty, and contact lenses, is in the eye of the beholder.;Laurence J. Peter;truth
To be a writer does not mean to preach a truth, it means to discover a truth.;Milan Kundera;truth
Bad taste is simply saying the truth before it should be said.;Mel Brooks;truth
The exact contrary of what is generally believed is often the truth.;Jean de la Bruyere;truth
Yet it is in our idleness, in our dreams, that the submerged truth sometimes comes to the top.;Virginia Woolf;truth
The truth is, I often like women. I like their unconventionality. I like their completeness. I like their anonymity.;Virginia Woolf;truth
Tragedy is like strong acid - it dissolves away all but the very gold of truth.;David Herbert Lawrence;truth
Justice is rather the activity of truth, than a virtue in itself. Truth tells us what is due to others, and justice renders that due. Injustice is acting a lie.;Horace Walpole;truth
To love our neighbor as ourselves is such a truth for regulating human society, that by that alone one might determine all the cases in social morality.;John Locke;truth
One unerring mark of the love of truth is not entertaining any proposition with greater assurance than the proofs it is built upon will warrant.;John Locke;truth
I want to be distinguished from the rest to tell the truth, a friend to all mankind is not a friend for me.;Moliere;truth
I cringe at backstory. Because it never quite explains or gets into some psychological thing that is never quite right and never quite the truth and who knows why someone is some way.;Steve Martin;truth
Let my name stand among those who are willing to bear ridicule and reproach for the truth's sake, and so earn some right to rejoice when the victory is won.;Louisa May Alcott;truth
My dad raised me with some good advice: 'Always tell the truth. Always shoot from the hip. You might not have many friends, but you'll never have enemies, because people will always know where you're coming from.';Pink;truth
Truth, when not sought after, rarely comes to light.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;truth
There is nothing so agonizing to the fine skin of vanity as the application of a rough truth.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;truth
But one of the things I learned is that when you fight for something you believe in and you tell the truth and you do your best, you can always hold your head up high and no one can take that away from you.;Vanessa Kerry;truth
I read less and less. I have not forgiven books for their failure to tell me the truth and make me happy.;Mason Cooley;truth
Enhance and intensify one's vision of that synthesis of truth and beauty which is the highest and deepest reality.;Ovid;truth
Power is domination, control, and therefore a very selective form of truth which is a lie.;Wole Soyinka;truth
I am aware that a philosopher's ideas are not subject to the judgment of ordinary persons, because it is his endeavour to seek the truth in all things, to the extent permitted to human reason by God.;Nicolaus Copernicus;truth
To have the truth in your possession you can be found guilty, sentenced to death.;Peter Tosh;truth
It is a clear truth that those who every day barter away other men's liberty will soon care little for their own.;James Otis;truth
How dreadful knowledge of the truth can be when there's no help in the truth.;Sophocles;truth
Humility is truth.;Desiderius Erasmus;truth
The greatest truth is honesty, and the greatest falsehood is dishonesty.;Abu Bakr;truth
My illness has taught me something about the nature of humanity, love, brotherhood and relationships that I never understood, and probably never would have. So, from that standpoint, there is some truth and good in everything.;Lee Atwater;truth
Clouds and darkness surround us, yet Heaven is just, and the day of triumph will surely come, when justice and truth will be vindicated.;Mary Todd Lincoln;truth
Art is magic delivered from the lie of being truth.;Theodor Adorno;truth
There are only two things. Truth and lies. Truth is indivisible, hence it cannot recognize itself anyone who wants to recognize it has to be a lie.;Franz Kafka;truth
Where all is but dream, reasoning and arguments are of no use, truth and knowledge nothing.;John Locke;truth
Rumi, who is one of the greatest Persian poets, said that the truth was a mirror in the hands of God. It fell, and broke into pieces. Everybody took a piece of it, and they looked at it and thought they had the truth.;Mohsen Makhmalbaf;truth
The truth is in nature, and I shall prove it.;Paul Cezanne;truth
Heresies are experiments in man's unsatisfied search for truth.;H. G. Wells;truth
Force is as pitiless to the man who possesses it, or thinks he does, as it is to its victims the second it crushes, the first it intoxicates. The truth is, nobody really possesses it.;Simone Weil;truth
Those who never retract their opinions love themselves more than they love the truth.;Joseph Joubert;truth
Justice is the truth in action.;Joseph Joubert;truth
Truth is often the favorite tool of those who deceive.;Bryant H. McGill;truth
What is man's ultimate direction in life? It is to look for love, truth, virtue, and beauty.;Shinichi Suzuki;truth
It is a puzzling thing. The truth knocks on the door and you say, 'Go away, I'm looking for the truth,' and so it goes away. Puzzling.;Robert M. Pirsig;truth
Let us begin by committing ourselves to the truth to see it like it is, and tell it like it is, to find the truth, to speak the truth, and to live the truth.;Richard M. Nixon;truth
Truth is not only violated by falsehood it may be equally outraged by silence.;Henri Frederic Amiel;truth
I'm actually a very honest person, and sometimes I end up like, 'Man, I said too much.' It's hard for me not to tell the truth when you ask me.;Drake;truth
How often have I said to you that when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth?;Arthur Conan Doyle;truth
Violence does, in truth, recoil upon the violent, and the schemer falls into the pit which he digs for another.;Arthur Conan Doyle;truth
I guess rumors are more exciting than the truth.;Venus Williams;truth
The American fascists are most easily recognized by their deliberate perversion of truth and fact. Their newspapers and propaganda carefully cultivate every fissure of disunity, every crack in the common front against fascism.;Henry A. Wallace;truth
Veiling truth in mystery.;Virgil;truth
A bad manner spoils everything, even reason and justice a good one supplies everything, gilds a No, sweetens a truth, and adds a touch of beauty to old age itself.;Baltasar Gracian;truth
So far as hypotheses are concerned, let no one expect anything certain from astronomy, which cannot furnish it, lest he accept as the truth ideas conceived for another purpose, and depart from this study a greater fool than when he entered it.;Nicolaus Copernicus;truth
No human being is constituted to know the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth and even the best of men must be content with fragments, with partial glimpses, never the full fruition.;William Osler;truth
When truth has no burning, then it is philosophy, when it gets burning from the heart, it becomes poetry.;Muhammad Iqbal;truth
It is a great mystery that though the human heart longs for Truth, in which alone it finds liberation and delight, the first reaction of human beings to Truth is one of hostility and fear!;Anthony de Mello;truth
A new untruth is better than an old truth.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;truth
The truth is often a terrible weapon of aggression. It is possible to lie, and even to murder, with the truth.;Alfred Adler;truth
The sea - this truth must be confessed - has no generosity. No display of manly qualities - courage, hardihood, endurance, faithfulness - has ever been known to touch its irresponsible consciousness of power.;Joseph Conrad;truth
Truth is confirmed by inspection and delay falsehood by haste and uncertainty.;Tacitus;truth
The truth may be out there, but lies are inside your head.;Terry Pratchett;truth
From principles is derived probability, but truth or certainty is obtained only from facts.;Tom Stoppard;truth
When you want to fool the world, tell the truth.;Otto von Bismarck;truth
Champagne, if you are seeking the truth, is better than a lie detector. It encourages a man to be expansive, even reckless, while lie detectors are only a challenge to tell lies successfully.;Graham Greene;truth
You never find yourself until you face the truth.;Pearl Bailey;truth
Life is an unfoldment, and the further we travel the more truth we can comprehend. To understand the things that are at our door is the best preparation for understanding those that lie beyond.;Hypatia;truth
In dreams the truth is learned that all good works are done in the absence of a caress.;Leonard Cohen;truth
Many speak the truth when they say that they despise riches, but they mean the riches possessed by others.;Charles Caleb Colton;truth
But the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him. God is a spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.;Albert Pike;truth
The teller of a mirthful tale has latitude allowed him. We are content with less than absolute truth.;Charles Lamb;truth
Rough work, iconoclasm, but the only way to get at truth.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;truth
The dictum that truth always triumphs over persecution is one of the pleasant falsehoods which men repeat after one another till they pass into commonplaces, but which all experience refutes.;John Stuart Mill;truth
Art has a double face, of expression and illusion, just like science has a double face: the reality of error and the phantom of truth.;Publilius Syrus;truth
Without the way, there is no going without the truth, there is no knowing without the life, there is no living.;Thomas a Kempis;truth
A caricature is putting the face of a joke on the body of a truth.;Joseph Conrad;truth
Truth often suffers more by the heat of its defenders than the arguments of its opposers.;William Penn;truth
Nothing does reason more right, than the coolness of those that offer it: For Truth often suffers more by the heat of its defenders, than from the arguments of its opposers.;William Penn;truth
A priest is he who lives solely in the realm of the invisible, for whom all that is visible has only the truth of an allegory.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;truth
