I think I am missing a gene that most people have to enable them to feel happiness about success and these kind of things.;Bennett Miller;happiness
Happiness: a way station between too little and too much.;Channing Pollock;happiness
When I first found out that I was an Idol finalist, I cried tears of happiness. I was just so happy, and my family was there and the fact that got to see that moment and share that moment with me was just everything to me.;Pia Toscano;happiness
From the Taoist point of view, the natural result of this harmonious way of living is happiness.;Benjamin Hoff;happiness
The secular world looks to the church and to its chagrin, finds no love, no life, no laughter, no hope and no happiness.;Rod Parsley;happiness
By mere burial man arrives not at bliss and in the future life, throughout its whole infinite range, they will seek for happiness as vainly as they sought it here, who seek it in aught else than that which so closely surrounds them here - the Infinite.;Johann Gottlieb Fichte;happiness
Sitting behind the bench at games is the hardest thing I've ever had to go through because basketball is really most of my happiness. So when I can't go out there and exert energy and have fun and things like that, it kind of puts everything else into perspective.;Chris Webber;happiness
In civilized life, where the happiness and indeed almost the existence of man, depends on the opinion of his fellow men. He is constantly acting a studied part.;Jeremy Collier;happiness
I knew everything and received everything. But real happiness, is giving.;Alain Delon;happiness
I always remembered that when I saw people get married they got on a rocketship and went to Planet Happiness, Population: Them.;Marc Webb;happiness
Some of you read with me 40 years ago a portion of Aristotle's Ethics, a selection of passages that describe his idea of happiness. You may not remember too well.;Charles Van Doren;happiness
The last part, the part you're now approaching, was for Aristotle the most important for happiness.;Charles Van Doren;happiness
Happiness is not a matter of events it depends upon the tides of the mind.;Alice Meynell;happiness
The only real happiness a ballplayer has is when he is playing a ball game and accomplishes something he didn't think he could do.;Ring Lardner;happiness
We pray that every field of science may contribute in bringing happiness - not disaster - to human beings.;Kenichi Fukui;happiness
Happiness is only real when shared.;Christopher McCandless;happiness
And, in fact, you can find that the lack of basic resources, material resources, contributes to unhappiness, but the increase in material resources do not increase happiness.;Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi;happiness
I love being on stage. I'm completely, totally relaxed. It's the only time in my life when I know where I am and what's coming next. The other Robert Powell is probably fairly melancholic. Let's just say happiness isn't my default position. There are dark parts. I'm very good at it. I frighten people sometimes.;Robert Powell;happiness
Hope is itself a species of happiness, and, perhaps, the chief happiness, which this world affords.;William Samuel Johnson;happiness
I'd rather have happiness than money. People ask for it. Sometimes when I don't have it. I make other people's problems my problem because they want me to they ask me to.;Brenda Fassie;happiness
So many people equate money and success with happiness, especially in the music industry.;DJ Jazzy Jeff;happiness
Let us never know what old age is. Let us know the happiness time brings, not count the years.;Ausonius;happiness
Five or six hundred heads cut off would have assured your repose, freedom and happiness.;Jean-Paul Marat;happiness
I say there is not more happiness for me than the freedom of my Homeland.;Islom Karimov;happiness
Your destiny is my destiny. Your happiness is my happiness.;Islom Karimov;happiness
I learned that people everywhere are basically the same and have similar goals that we do. They want health and happiness and the opportunity to provide for their families.;Steve Kerr;happiness
There is nothing can pay one for that invaluable ignorance which is the companion of youth, those sanguine groundless hopes, and that lively vanity which makes all the happiness of life.;Mary Wortley;happiness
A face is too slight a foundation for happiness.;Mary Wortley;happiness
We are selling dreams. We are merchants of happiness.;Bernard Loiseau;happiness
The gods conceal from men the happiness of death, that they may endure life.;Lucan;happiness
Lots of people I know have bootlegged tapes of performances and if they play it I will be transported back sometimes with happiness, sometimes with horror.;Chris Bailey;happiness
Too much good fortune can make you smug and unaware. Happiness should be like an oasis, the greener for the desert that surrounds it.;Rachel Field;happiness
Happiness is realizing that nothing is too important.;Antonio Gala;happiness
No true and permanent fame can be founded except in labors which promote the happiness of mankind.;Charles Sumner;happiness
No period of my life has been one of such unmixed happiness as the four years which have been spent within college walls.;Horatio Alger;happiness
Religion is of general and public concern, and on its support depend, in great measure, the peace and good order of government, the safety and happiness of the people.;Samuel Chase;happiness
It is not only my laboratory and my place of work but also my home, so that on the 30th October I was able to share my happiness immediately with my students and collaborators and, at the same time, with my wife and family.;George Porter;happiness
When the honour is given to that scientist personally the happiness is sweet indeed. Science is, on the whole, an informal activity, a life of shirt sleeves and coffee served in beakers.;George Porter;happiness
The crown of life is neither happiness nor annihilation it is understanding.;Winifred Holtby;happiness
Happiness is the sublime moment when you get out of your corsets at night.;Joyce Grenfell;happiness
Although Freud said happiness is composed of love and work, reality often forces us to choose love or work.;Letty Cottin Pogrebin;happiness
Money cannot buy happiness.;Annni-Frid Lyngstad;happiness
The Bourbon King was first ambassador of reason and human happiness.;Heinrich Mann;happiness
Happiness comes from... some curious adjustment to life.;Hugh Walpole;happiness
Life is full of happiness and tears be strong and have faith.;Kareena Kapoor;happiness
I can only point out a curious fact. Year after year the Nobel Awards bring a moment of happiness not only to the recipients, not only to colleagues and friends of the recipients, but even to strangers.;Alfred Day Hershey;happiness
The principles we live by, in business and in social life, are the most important part of happiness.;Harry Harrison;happiness
A good education is another name for happiness.;Ann Plato;happiness
It was a joy to be a part of the team that created Round The Horne. I was involved with the show at a time of my life when I was very happy., and that happiness overflowed into the scripts.;Barry Took;happiness
That action is best which procures the greatest happiness for the greatest numbers.;Francis Hutcheson;happiness
It is in his knowledge that man has found his greatness and his happiness, the high superiority which he holds over the other animals who inhabit the earth with him, and consequently no ignorance is probably without loss to him, no error without evil.;James Smithson;happiness
Purring would seem to be, in her case, an automatic safety valve device for dealing with happiness overflow.;Monica Edwards;happiness
The unproductive tillage of human cattle takes that which of right belongs to free labor, and which is necessary for the support and happiness of our own race.;David Wilmot;happiness
There is only one real happiness in life, and that is the happiness of creating.;Frederick Delius;happiness
What is the worth of anything, But for the happiness 'twill bring?;Richard Owen Cambridge;happiness
In Hollywood, if you don't have happiness, you send out for it.;Rex Reed;happiness
On a soap, happiness never lasts for very long!;Chandler Massey;happiness
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.;Buddha;health
The wish for healing has always been half of health.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;health
A healthy attitude is contagious but don't wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier.;Tom Stoppard;health
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul.;John Muir;health
'Tis healthy to be sick sometimes.;Henry David Thoreau;health
The way you think, the way you behave, the way you eat, can influence your life by 30 to 50 years.;Deepak Chopra;health
Give a man health and a course to steer, and he'll never stop to trouble about whether he's happy or not.;George Bernard Shaw;health
Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity.;Hippocrates;health
I made a commitment to completely cut out drinking and anything that might hamper me from getting my mind and body together. And the floodgates of goodness have opened upon me - spiritually and financially.;Denzel Washington;health
It takes more than just a good looking body. You've got to have the heart and soul to go with it.;Epictetus;health
Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your good health has vanished.;Og Mandino;health
We can make a commitment to promote vegetables and fruits and whole grains on every part of every menu. We can make portion sizes smaller and emphasize quality over quantity. And we can help create a culture - imagine this - where our kids ask for healthy options instead of resisting them.;Michelle Obama;health
Cheerfulness is the best promoter of health and is as friendly to the mind as to the body.;Joseph Addison;health
You know, all that really matters is that the people you love are happy and healthy. Everything else is just sprinkles on the sundae.;Paul Walker;health
I have the body of an eighteen year old. I keep it in the fridge.;Spike Milligan;health
The trouble with always trying to preserve the health of the body is that it is so difficult to do without destroying the health of the mind.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;health
Your body hears everything your mind says.;Naomi Judd;health
Man needs difficulties they are necessary for health.;Carl Jung;health
If you're happy, if you're feeling good, then nothing else matters.;Robin Wright Penn;health
My body is like breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I don't think about it, I just have it.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;health
A healthy outside starts from the inside.;Robert Urich;health
Healthy people are those who live in healthy homes on a healthy diet in an environment equally fit for birth, growth work, healing, and dying... Healthy people need no bureaucratic interference to mate, give birth, share the human condition and die.;Ivan Illich;health
A wise man should consider that health is the greatest of human blessings, and learn how by his own thought to derive benefit from his illnesses.;Hippocrates;health
Rest when you're weary. Refresh and renew yourself, your body, your mind, your spirit. Then get back to work.;Ralph Marston;health
I really believe the only way to stay healthy is to eat properly, get your rest and exercise. If you don't exercise and do the other two, I still don't think it's going to help you that much.;Mike Ditka;health
True silence is the rest of the mind, and is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.;William Penn;health
I believe that if you're healthy, you're capable of doing everything. There's no one else who can give you health but God, and by being healthy I believe that God is listening to me.;Pedro Martinez;health
How do I stay so healthy and boyishly handsome? It's simple. I drink the blood of young runaways.;William Shatner;health
My New Year's resolution is to stick to a good workout plan that will keep me healthy and happy.;James Lafferty;health
A desire to be in charge of our own lives, a need for control, is born in each of us. It is essential to our mental health, and our success, that we take control.;Robert Foster Bennett;health
When you are young and healthy, it never occurs to you that in a single second your whole life could change.;Annette Funicello;health
America's health care system is in crisis precisely because we systematically neglect wellness and prevention.;Tom Harkin;health
I believe that how you feel is very important to how you look - that healthy equals beautiful.;Victoria Principal;health
As the blessings of health and fortune have a beginning, so they must also find an end. Everything rises but to fall, and increases but to decay.;Sallust;health
My personal goals are to be happy, healthy and to be surrounded by loved ones.;Kiana Tom;health
People who don't know how to keep themselves healthy ought to have the decency to get themselves buried, and not waste time about it.;Henrik Ibsen;health
My health may be better preserved if I exert myself less, but in the end doesn't each person give his life for his calling?;Clara Schumann;health
I'm exhausted trying to stay healthy.;Steve Yzerman;health
Happiness, contentment, the health and growth of the soul, depend, as men have proved over and over again, upon some simple issue, some single turning of the soul.;George A. Smith;health
I have a healthy body, free of the chemicals that once controlled it.;Lorna Luft;health
The body is a sacred garment.;Martha Graham;health
I feel pretty good. My body actually looks like an old banana, but it's fine.;Mike Piazza;health
