The mere assemblage of peace loving people to interchange convincing reasons for their common faith, mere exhortation and argument to the public in favor of peace in general fall short of the mark.;Elihu Root;faith
In the latter case life rests upon a thousand presuppositions which the individual can never trace back to their origins, and verify but which he must accept upon faith and belief.;Georg Simmel;faith
In Christ the original image of God is restored, by faith in this world and by sight in the world to come.;Walter Lang;faith
I do not purpose to discuss faith in its dogmatic sense today.;Matthew Simpson;faith
Taking it in its wider and generic application, I understand faith to be the supplement of sense or, to change the phrase, all knowledge which comes not to us through our senses we gain by faith in others.;Matthew Simpson;faith
We know the past and its great events, the present in its multitudinous complications, chiefly through faith in the testimony of others.;Matthew Simpson;faith
The realm of immediate or personal knowledge is a narrow circle in which these bodies move the realm of knowledge derived through faith is as wide as the universe, and old as eternity.;Matthew Simpson;faith
If, then, knowledge be power, how much more power to we gain through the agency of faith, and what elevation must it give to human character.;Matthew Simpson;faith
If, then, faith widens the connections, it elevates the man.;Matthew Simpson;faith
I have faith in the market when we get the rules right.;Kenneth Lay;faith
I'm a lapsed Quaker. I don't go to meetings any more. But I'm very drawn to Catholicism - all that glitter. I'd love to be a Catholic. I think it would be fantastic - faith, forgiveness, absolution, extreme unction - all these wonderful words. I don't think anyone who was ever born a Catholic hasn't died a Catholic, no matter how lapsed they are.;Kate Atkinson;faith
At times of distress, we all like to recall the advice of fathers and mothers. The best advice my father gave me was to keep faith and deep confidence in the potential of the Greek people nurture the belief that they can do things.;George Papandreou;faith
You see, some non-Catholic friends of mine have questioned the depth of my faith because of the fact that I have a good education.;Robert Vaughn;faith
The marriage of a man and woman is the most enduring human institution, honored in all cultures and by every religious faith. It's in this institution that children are meant to be nurtured. We know this after thousands of years of human experience.;Jeff Miller;faith
I've been speaking at churches for years, as well as juvenile jails, rehabs and hospitals, and I always talk about my faith. That is a declaration of my relationship with God.;Smokey Robinson;faith
President Ford was a devoted, decent man of impeccable integrity who put service to his country before his own self interest. He helped heal our nation during a time of crisis, provided steady leadership and restored people's faith in the presidency and in government.;Mark Udall;faith
I spent four months in Prague in these blue rooms reacting to nothing and you basically place your faith in the hands of the director and the special effects co-coordinator and you keep your fingers crossed and hope that the creatures look really scary.;Edward Burns;faith
My faith has no bed to sleep upon but omnipotence.;Samuel Rutherford;faith
In light of these facts Republicans have put forth a variety of proposals to make Social Security remain solvent for future generations. But up to this point, Democrats have chosen to oppose our good faith efforts and insist that indeed there is no problem.;John Doolittle;faith
I believe there is a moral sense and a global ethic that commands attention from people of every religion and every faith, and people of no faith. But I think what's new is that we now have the capacity to communicate instantaneously across frontiers right across the world.;Gordon Brown;faith
Christianity has always embraced both reason and faith.;Dinesh D'Souza;faith
I have faith in faith. God is there, whether we have faith or not, so why not have faith in him?;Valerie Bertinelli;faith
Christians can bring peace to multi-religious Europe because we are able to understand the role of faith in the lives of other believers better than atheists.;Timothy Radcliffe;faith
I believe that my own Christian faith does indeed make universal claims.;Timothy Radcliffe;faith
I don't think it's any coincidence that I lost my religious faith and 'manned up' in the same year. I was described somewhere as a lapsed Catholic, which is funny because I'm not going back! I want to achieve things rather than live life in an animalistic way.;Jimmy Carr;faith
To imply that religious believers have no right to engage moral questions in the public square or at the ballot is simply to establish a Reichian secularism as our state faith.;Maggie Gallagher;faith
The belief that there are other life forms in the universe is a matter of faith. There is not a single shred of evidence for any other life forms, and in forty years of searching, none has been discovered. There is absolutely no evidentiary reason to maintain this belief.;Michael Crichton;faith
Hope is the belief we might get it done, and faith is the knowledge we will get it done.;Tom Shadyac;faith
Notwithstanding these setbacks, the dream of a beautiful American orchestra goes on, and I share Dr. King's faith that each year we move inexorably closer to a magnificent opening night.;Adam Schiff;faith
That bedrock faith that I could write was what blinded me to attempts to discourage me.;Lynn Abbey;faith
What the F.D.I.C. does is to put the full faith and credit of the United States government behind every savings account in the nation, up to a limit that has changed over the years and stands now at $100,000.;Nick Clooney;faith
The ultimate ground of faith and knowledge is confidence in God.;Charles Hodge;faith
If all Church power vests in the clergy, then the people are practically bound to passive obedience in all matters of faith and practice for all right of private judgment is then denied.;Charles Hodge;faith
I always wanted to be honest with myself and to those who have had faith in me.;Rafael Nadal;faith
The ultimate wisdom which deals with beginnings, remains locked in a seed. There it lies, the simplest fact of the universe and at the same time the one which calls faith rather than reason.;Hal Borland;faith
I believe in faith, family and country. I really keep it that simple.;Sean Hannity;faith
How do I love Tim McGraw? Let me count the ways: I love that he's a country boy with a city sensibility. I love that he refuses to be pegged, and his duet with Nelly proves it. And I really love that he had the brains to marry Faith Hill.;Gayle King;faith
The principle of acting in good faith is at the heart of decent work.;Richard Eyre;faith
More recently, as faith gave way to materialism, anti-Semitism assumed a secular mode, harnessing itself to the dominant ideologies of both the Left and the Right.;Jack Schwartz;faith
To have faith is to believe in truth, believe that truth confers special power on those lucky enough to get a little insight, and to know in our hearts that all these things come from God, which is why we should never get too cocky about our successes.;Tony Snow;faith
Seven and half years ago I began my own journey. For me and my family it was a time of adversity. But during that adversity I derived a deeper faith. And born out of that adversity was a commitment to devote myself to those people and to those issues that truly matter to me.;Paul Tsongas;faith
Faith always contains an element of risk, of venture and we are impelled to make the venture by the affinity and attraction which we feel in ourselves.;Dean Inge;faith
Bereavement is the sharpest challenge to our trust in God if faith can overcome this, there is no mountain which it cannot remove.;Dean Inge;faith
All faith consists essentially in the recognition of a world of spiritual values behind, yet not apart from, the world of natural phenomena.;Dean Inge;faith
I have faith in the justice system, and what will happen will happen. I'm just trying to do the right thing.;Tracey Gold;faith
I haven't chosen to make an issue of faith.;Peter Garrett;faith
I think the American people, understandably, have sort of lost faith in the United Nations.;Cliff Stearns;faith
Everyone should have a moment with Ron Howard in their life to give you faith in our industry.;Sally Kirkland;faith
I've always thought, and it gets tested at times, that I have a great faith in the fundamental goodness of human beings.;Bob Brown;faith
I suppose I should say that I treasure blasphemy, as a faith of the highest order.;Rick Moody;faith
American government was founded on a belief and a faith in God and in doing what is right and just.;Ginny Brown-Waite;faith
Democrats can neither control nor predict whether our GOP counterparts are really ready to play chicken with the U.S. economy. But we can assure the American people that our party takes the nation's faith and credit seriously.;Peter Welch;faith
In the West, you have always associated the Islamic faith 100 percent with Arab culture. This in itself is a fundamentalist attitude and it is mistaken.;Youssou N'Dour;faith
I have seen doctors, in good faith, leave patients on steroids for years, thinking they are doing right. A friend of mine was on steroids for so long, she has severe osteoporosis.;Mary Ann Mobley;faith
After the desperate years of their own war, after six years of repression inside Spain and six years of horror in exile, these people remain intact in spirit. They are armed with a transcendent faith they have never won, and yet they have never accepted defeat.;Martha Gellhorn;faith
Pray for intestinal fortitude, work hard, and keep the faith. Oh, and pray for good luck, you're gonna need it.;Jerry Reed;faith
We have the incredible privilege of serving in the highest offices in the state. We must prove ourselves worthy of our fellow citizens' faith. We must be trusted to always place the public's good above our own and to always choose fairness over favoritism.;Jodi Rell;faith
Skepticism, riddling the faith of yesterday, prepared the way for the faith of tomorrow.;Romain Rolland;faith
Justifying faith is not a naked assent to the truths of the gospel.;William Gurnall;faith
Godliness, as well as the doctrine of our faith, is a mystery.;William Gurnall;faith
The independence of the economic sphere was a tenet of faith with Liberalism.;Francis Parker Yockey;faith
Since the presidency of Ronald Reagan, conservatives have succeeded by adhering to a platform that rests firmly on three legs: smaller government, faith and family, and a strong national defense. These three legs do not merely represent a political coalition they are three necessary components of a strong and secure America.;Frank Gaffney;faith
My mother was the influence in my life. She was strong she had great faith in the ultimate triumph of justice and hard work. She believed passionately in education.;John H. Johnson;faith
Of course, Americans have no monopoly of patriotic enthusiasm and good faith.;Herbert Croly;faith
The Constitution was the expression not only of a political faith, but also of political fears. It was wrought both as the organ of the national interest and as the bulwark of certain individual and local rights.;Herbert Croly;faith
There are more people living in Lower Manhattan now than before the terrorist attacks. That's faith for you. There's such a strong spirit here.;Daniel Libeskind;faith
I'm not Candide, nor Dr Pangloss, but we know that faith moves mountains.;Daniel Libeskind;faith
I am not here to parade my religious sentiments, but I declare I have too much respect for the faith in which I was born to ever use it as the basis of a political organization.;Wilfrid Laurier;faith
I think there is a great deal of interest still in the Christian faith.;Rowan Williams;faith
I come from a Christian faith. I am not going to give you insight into my particular beliefs.;Patricia Ireland;faith
I would never have gone anywhere if it hadn't been for Mother's faith and support.;Patsy Cline;faith
Through these adversities, Israel has endured with continued strength, conviction, and faith.;Jerry Costello;faith
With faith and courage, generations of Armenians have overcome great suffering and proudly preserved their culture, traditions, and religion and have told the story of the genocide to an often indifferent world.;Jerry Costello;faith
I have a lot of faith in people.;John Lithgow;faith
If there are Muslims who believe that they've got to kill Christians to make a way for the Islamic faith in the West, not only would they be disappointed, but it will lead to conflict, there's no doubt about that.;George Carey;faith
Great dislike to the Bible was shown by those who conversed with me about it, and several have remarked to me, at different times, that if it were not for that book, Catholics would never be led to renounce their own faith.;Maria Monk;faith
Some theists in evolutionary science acquiesce to these tacit rules and retain a personal faith while accepting a thoroughly naturalistic picture of physical reality.;Phillip E. Johnson;faith
You can't do opera when already from the 10th row you can only see little dolls on the stage. In such an enormous space you can't put much faith in the personal presence of the individual singer, which is reflected in facial expressions, among other things.;Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau;faith
Faith is the substance of hope - of things hoped for and the evidence of things not seen. So if you can hope for it and imagine it, and keep imagining and hoping and seeing yourself driving a new car, or seeing yourself getting that job, or seeing yourself excel, seeing yourself help that person - that is faith.;Duane Chapman;faith
I have faith the men and women of the Coast Guard will immediately rise to the challenge and see the people hit by Katrina through until the storm has truly calmed.;Dave Reichert;faith
I am a bit of a hopeless romantic. I really do have a faith and a belief in love, and when I love, I love hard.;Melanie Fiona;faith
Red Sox fans have been pushed to the brink over the years, but that's how faith grows stronger.;Julianna Baggott;faith
I'm a writer of faith who worries about the intolerance of religion. I look at the past and fear we haven't learned from it. I believe that humanity is capable of evil as well as great acts of courage and goodness. I have hope. Deep down, I believe in the human spirit, although sometimes that belief is shaken.;Julianna Baggott;faith
Visible Faith is an expression of my Christian faith which must be visible to be real! I gave the name to the collection of musicians who worked with me on the record.;Ken Hensley;faith
Christianity emerged from the religion of Israel. Or rather, it has as its background a persistent strain in that religion. To that strain Christians have looked back, and rightly, as the preparation in history for their faith.;Kenneth Scott Latourette;faith
Religiously the Empire was pluralistic and marked by a search for a faith which would be satisfying intellectually and ethically and would give assurance of immortality.;Kenneth Scott Latourette;faith
In the third century after Christ the faith continued to spread.;Kenneth Scott Latourette;faith
For two thousand years, the Church has guided the development of music, carefully legislating to fuse artistic talent and aesthetic beauty with the demands of the Faith.;Richard Morris;faith
The enemy is not Islam, the great world faith, but a perversion of Islam.;John Cornyn;faith
I have deep respect for people's individual faith, but when faith gets connected to the machinery of state, or the machinery of hate, I find it very confronting.;Andrew Denton;faith
If we are strong, and have faith in life and its richness of surprises, and hold the rudder steadily in our hands. I am sure we will sail into quiet and pleasent waters for our old age.;Freya Stark;faith
The solid, middle-class values of hard work, responsibility, family, community, and faith my father talked about tirelessly from Iowa to New York, he lived at home. The hopes he had for his family and for me, he had for all Americans. I think Americans understood this.;Chelsea Clinton;faith
I met the president when he was president-elect at a meeting in Austin. He spoke of his faith. He spoke of his desire for a compassionate conservatism, for a faith-based initiative that would do something for poor people.;Jim Wallis;faith
I think it's a good thing for a president or political leaders to want to put their values or their faith into action. Desmond Tutu did that in South Africa. Martin Luther King Jr. did that here. This is a good thing.;Jim Wallis;faith
I'm often asked what I think about the faith of the President George W. Bush. I think it is sincere. I think it's very real. I think it's deeply held.;Jim Wallis;faith
So when the only domestic social policy is tax cuts that mostly benefit the wealthiest Americans, we say, 'Where is faith being put into action here?';Jim Wallis;faith
The Negro people of America... have cut our forests, tilled our fields, built our railroads, fought our battles, and in all of their trials they have manifested a simple faith, a grateful heart, a cheerful spirit, and an undivided loyalty .;Mordecai Wyatt Johnson;faith
Those who are rooted in the depths that are eternal and unchangeable and who rely on unshakeable principles, face change full of courage, courage based on faith.;Emily Greene Balch;faith
After 'Four Feathers,' I quit then because I just lost faith. I didn't like how the business was.;Wes Bentley;faith
