There is not to be found, in all history, any miracle attested by a sufficient number of men, of such unquestioned good sense, education and learning, as to secure us against all delusion in themselves.;David Hume;learning
A child's learning is a function more of the characteristics of his classmates than those of the teacher.;James S. Coleman;learning
I hit a ball for a living, but I have that passion to keep learning.;Maria Sharapova;learning
A good teacher must be able to put himself in the place of those who find learning hard.;Eliphas Levi;learning
I had no expectations about fatherhood, really, but it's definitely a journey I'm glad to be taking. Number one, it's a great learning experience. When my mother told me it's a 24/7 job, she wasn't kidding.;Christopher Meloni;learning
It's a fundamental, social attitude that the 1% supports symphonies and operas and doesn't support Johnny learning to program hip-hop beats. When I put it like that, it sounds like, 'Well, yeah,' but you start to think, 'Why not, though?' What makes one more valuable than another?;David Byrne;learning
Taking charge of your own learning is a part of taking charge of your life, which is the sine qua non in becoming an integrated person.;Warren G. Bennis;learning
'No Child Left Behind' requires states and school districts to ensure that all students are learning and are reaching their highest potential. Special education students should not be left out of these accountability mechanisms.;Dianne Feinstein;learning
Going to a party, for me, is as much a learning experience as, you know, sitting in a lecture.;Natalie Portman;learning
Indeed - judicious, consistent parenting is a dream of mine. No judgements, learning space and listening carefully are my goals.;Emma Thompson;learning
A man of great memory without learning hath a rock and a spindle and no staff to spin.;George Herbert;learning
Kindness has converted more sinners than zeal, eloquence, or learning.;Frederick William Faber;learning
I always say the minute I stop making mistakes is the minute I stop learning and I've definitely learned a lot.;Miley Cyrus;learning
We can revolutionize the attitude of inner city brown and black kids to learning. We need a civil rights movement within the African-American community.;Henry Louis Gates;learning
It is always good to explore the stuff you don't agree with, to try and understand a different lifestyle or foreign worldview. I like to be challenged in that way, and always end up learning something I didn't know.;Laura Linney;learning
I got problems. I freak out, go to a shrink, go through all kinds of therapy and stuff, but I'm learning how to deal with it. That's why I've chosen one hour a night to get all of my aggressions out. to really tell the world the way I feel.;Jonathan Davis;learning
Learning is pleasurable but doing is the height of enjoyment.;Novalis;learning
Smatterers in learning are the most opinionated.;Samuel Richardson;learning
There's no mystery to it. Nothing more complicated than learning lines and putting on a costume.;Morgan Freeman;learning
Narcissist: psychoanalytic term for the person who loves himself more than his analyst considered to be the manifestation of a dire mental disease whose successful treatment depends on the patient learning to love the analyst more and himself less.;Thomas Szasz;learning
The chess player who develops the ability to play two dozen boards at a time will benefit from learning to compress his or her analysis into less time.;Marilyn vos Savant;learning
It helps immerse yourself in what you potentially want to do. Being involved, learning firsthand and observing the craft and absorbing all you can, makes it easier to define what you want. It will also ultimately make you a better Chef. Culinary school, or even a single class, is a great bet too.;Giada De Laurentiis;learning
I believe that the testing of the student's achievements in order to see if he meets some criterion held by the teacher, is directly contrary to the implications of therapy for significant learning.;Carl Rogers;learning
The soul is everlasting, and its learning experience is lifetime after lifetime.;Shirley MacLaine;learning
In terms of doing work and in terms of learning and evolving as a person, you just grow more when you get more people's perspectives... I really try and live the mission of the company and... keep everything else in my life extremely simple.;Mark Zuckerberg;learning
That is not enough. Sport has been great for me, a great learning place that if you want to achieve you can, even if you are from the poorest part of Africa.;Haile Gebrselassie;learning
In university they don't tell you that the greater part of the law is learning to tolerate fools.;Doris Lessing;learning
There was a time when young people respected learning and literature and now they don't.;Doris Lessing;learning
What society doesn't realize is that in the past, ordinary people respected learning. They respected books, and they don't now, or not very much. That whole respect for serious literature and learning has disappeared.;Doris Lessing;learning
I may be learning guitar, but I'll never be able to sing.;David Duchovny;learning
There are certain things I learned when I first started learning about acting, to try and place the character physically and emotionally. And the way you place them emotionally is often with humor.;David Duchovny;learning
Creative activity could be described as a type of learning process where teacher and pupil are located in the same individual.;Arthur Koestler;learning
Spending time at the Federal Reserve was a good learning opportunity for me. It helped me to understand economic philosophies and polices that I had not previously known about.;Herman Cain;learning
I'm going from doing all of the work to having to delegate the work - which is almost harder for me than doing the work myself. I'm a lousy delegator, but I'm learning.;Alton Brown;learning
It's like learning a language you can't speak a language fluently until you find out who you are in that language, and that has as much to do with your body as it does with vocabulary and grammar.;Fred Frith;learning
I'm interested in learning more about myself and what I value in myself and letting that be the beautiful part of me, rather than putting on the makeup or wearing the right designer.;Jessica Simpson;learning
Making a wrong decision is understandable. Refusing to search continually for learning is not.;Phil Crosby;learning
Women have to harness their power - its absolutely true. It's just learning not to take the first no. And if you can't go straight ahead, you go around the corner.;Cher;learning
An humble knowledge of thyself is a surer way to God than a deep search after learning.;Thomas a Kempis;learning
We must all learn a good lesson - how to live together. That is the new challenge of the new world... learning to co-exist and not co-annihilate.;Jesse Jackson;learning
It's a weird sensation to be mad and learning at the same time.;Jeff Foxworthy;learning
We started this band as kids, and as time has gone on, we've grown and are learning to accommodate each others' differences.;Layne Staley;learning
We are a long time in learning that all our strength and salvation is in God.;David Brainerd;learning
Everybody's a work in progress. I'm a work in progress. I mean, I've never arrived... I'm still learning all the time.;Renee Fleming;learning
Jazz is the big brother of the blues. If a guy's playing blues like we play, he's in high school. When he starts playing jazz it's like going on to college, to a school of higher learning.;B. B. King;learning
When you are learning about a martial art, it is about respect.;Jackie Chan;learning
The signs of outstanding leadership appear primarily among the followers. Are the followers reaching their potential? Are they learning? Serving? Do they achieve the required results? Do they change with grace? Manage conflict?;Max de Pree;learning
And I like asking questions, to keep learning people with big egos might not want to look unsure.;Heston Blumenthal;learning
I think people are learning to actually aspire to be objectified.;Christina Ricci;learning
I'm less worried about accomplishment - as younger people always can't help but be - and more concerned with spending my time well, spending time with my family, and reading, learning things.;Jonathan Safran Foer;learning
In many ways, it was much, much harder to get the first book contract. The hardest thing probably overall has been learning not to trust people, publicists and so forth, implicitly.;Neil Gaiman;learning
Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking, unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book.;Edward Gibbon;learning
I love learning new techniques.;David Bailey;learning
I'm getting to a point where everything is becoming streamlined in my life. I'm learning how to stand onstage for two hours and play in front of thousands of people as if I am completely in the moment every moment.;John Mayer;learning
I've figured out my learning curve. I can look at something and somehow know exactly how long it will take for me to learn it.;John Mayer;learning
The role of the musician is to go from concept to full execution. Put another way, it's to go from understanding the content of something to really learning how to communicate it and make sure it's well-received and lives in somebody else.;Yo-Yo Ma;learning
Learning is always rebellion... Every bit of new truth discovered is revolutionary to what was believed before.;Margaret Lee Runbeck;learning
If your faith is opposed to experience, to human learning and investigation, it is not worth the breath used in giving it expression.;E. W. Howe;learning
I'm learning English at the moment. I can say 'Big Ben', 'Hello Rodney', 'Tower Bridge' and 'Loo'.;Cher;learning
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live.;Mortimer Adler;learning
The best way of learning to be an independent sovereign state is to be an independent sovereign state.;Kwame Nkrumah;learning
I can install toilets. I know all about the wax ring. I can tile floors. I'm learning how to do basic wiring.;Sandra Bullock;learning
No phenomenon can be isolated, but has repercussions through every aspect of our lives. We are learning that we are a fundamental part of nature's ecosystems.;Arthur Erickson;learning
So I've seen life as one long learning process. And if I see - you know, if I fly on somebody else's airline and find the experience is not a pleasant one, which it wasn't in - 21 years ago, then I'd think, well, you know, maybe I can create the kind of airline that I'd like to fly on.;Richard Branson;learning
It definitely has learning a lesson about the way you're living your life. I wouldn't compare our movie to that, but it has a structure where it's about a man who doesn't appreciate all that he has and finds out at the end that life has been great and he has to enjoy that.;Adam Sandler;learning
In the same way that we need statesmen to spare us the abjection of exercising power, we need scholars to spare us the abjection of learning.;Jean Baudrillard;learning
Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies.;Leon Trotsky;learning
Education is the process in which we discover that learning adds quality to our lives. Learning must be experienced.;William Glasser;learning
Just learning that you have MS is such a devastating shock.;Annette Funicello;learning
The important thing is to learn a lesson every time you lose. Life is a learning process and you have to try to learn what's best for you. Let me tell you, life is not fun when you're banging your head against a brick wall all the time.;John McEnroe;learning
Learning is not compulsory... neither is survival.;W. Edwards Deming;learning
I think children learning to cook can be such a wonderful thing. It can help build confidence, make them feel good about themselves. It helped me build my ego and even start to get acceptance at school. I'd bring things to class that I'd cooked at home.;Giada De Laurentiis;learning
The library is the temple of learning, and learning has liberated more people than all the wars in history.;Carl T. Rowan;learning
Learning a foreign language, and the culture that goes with it, is one of the most useful things we can do to broaden the empathy and imaginative sympathy and cultural outlook of children.;Michael Gove;learning
Instead of going to college, I spent my time out on the road learning how to be a better musician.;Miranda Lambert;learning
Learning to read music in Braille and play by ear helped me develop a damn good memory.;Ray Charles;learning
The audience, upon learning that the real Buffalo Bill was present, gave several cheers between the acts.;Buffalo Bill;learning
That's what we need nowadays, is more children that have goals other than being a sports figure or some kind of celebrity. I think it's great that a kid wants to learn more and wants to be at the peak of learning, especially at that young.;Joe Nichols;learning
I have often thought of it as one of the most barbarous customs in the world, considering us as a civilized and a Christian country, that we deny the advantages of learning to women.;Daniel Defoe;learning
We'll be going to the fish market and a farmer's market this afternoon to get what we need to make and eat dinner as a family. I'm trying to expose my kids to going to a farmers market or the fish market and learning what that's all about.;Emeril Lagasse;learning
I knew nothing about martial arts. The coach told me I was talented with learning martial arts, and put me in a school. Three years later I got my first championship in China.;Jet Li;learning
It's really difficult for me. Language, I am sorry that I haven't. I think I just always expected that you learn a word in place of a word and when I discovered how difficult the grammar was and learning that was very discouraging for me.;Bo Derek;learning
I think I started learning lessons about being a good person long before I ever knew what basketball was. And that starts in the home, it starts with the parental influence.;Julius Erving;learning
I was studying for the SAT's and learning lines.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;learning
Some for renown, on scraps of learning dote, And think they grow immortal as they quote.;Edward Young;learning
Producing is just a big learning experience.;Ashley Tisdale;learning
I had learning disabilities, and I couldn't express myself in the written word.;Laura Linney;learning
I enjoy learning about different periods and people, and then taking what's universal about the human condition and seeing where it matches up. No matter where you are, certain things unite everybody.;Laura Linney;learning
Benevolence alone will not make a teacher, nor will learning alone do it. The gift of teaching is a peculiar talent, and implies a need and a craving in the teacher himself.;John Jay Chapman;learning
There are two ways to extend a business. Take inventory of what you're good at and extend out from your skills. Or determine what your customers need and work backward, even if it requires learning new skills. Kindle is an example of working backward.;Jeff Bezos;learning
Since we can't know what knowledge will be most needed in the future, it is senseless to try to teach it in advance. Instead, we should try to turn out people who love learning so much and learn so well that they will be able to learn whatever needs to be learned.;John Holt;learning
My father had never watched tennis, never liked tennis too much. He said, 'OK, we buy a racket, we watch together,' because we didn't know anything. It was a process of learning together that made it more interesting.;Novak Djokovic;learning
I was not good in school. I could never read very fast or very well. I got tested for learning disabilities, for dyslexia. Then I got put on Ritalin and Dexedrine. I took those starting in the eighth grade. As soon as they pumped that drug into me, it would focus me right in.;Channing Tatum;learning
My life path has been a blessing and a great learning experience. Skateboarding is my passion and I don't see that changing. When I'm not skating, I love to surf. I'm open to the new experiences and opportunities.;Ryan Sheckler;learning
Let schoolmasters puzzle their brain, With grammar, and nonsense, and learning, Good liquor, I stoutly maintain, Gives genius a better discerning.;Oliver Goldsmith;learning
All the time a person is a child he is both a child and learning to be a parent. After he becomes a parent he becomes predominantly a parent reliving childhood.;Benjamin Spock;learning
I'm still learning, you know. At 80, I feel there is a lot I don't know.;Lena Horne;learning
There's no way I can justify my salary level, but I'm learning to live with it.;Drew Carey;learning
I used to be scared of women. When I was very young they terrified me, but discovering the female universe was incredible and still is to this day, as you never stop learning about them.;Antonio Banderas;learning
