I'll tell you, Quentin Tarantino really writes the most amazing dialogue.;Christopher Walken;amazing
Nothing is more generally known than our duties which belong to Christianity and yet, how amazing is it, nothing is less practiced?;George Whitefield;amazing
When I was little, I saw the play 'Les Miserables' on Broadway, I thought it was the most amazing thing I have ever seen.;Ashley Tisdale;amazing
Stevie Ray Vaughan was very intense. Maybe that's what caught everybody's attention. As a player, he didn't do anything amazing.;Ritchie Blackmore;amazing
Directing is a really kind of amazing thing, because you're helping others and, in the middle of that, you have to worry about yourself.;Philip Seymour Hoffman;amazing
Gwen Stefani has amazing style. I used to really love Courtney Love, and anything she wore I loved. Or Chloe Sevigny, because I really love that sort of classic look, and I like being girly and flowery, and wearing little D&ampG dresses. I wear hats a lot, too. I think it goes back to when I was a bit grungy and was a skater girl for a bit.;Ellie Goulding;amazing
The video game culture was an important thing to keep alive in the film because we're in a new era right now. The idea that kids can play video games like Grand Theft Auto or any video game is amazing. The video games are one step before a whole other virtual universe.;Vin Diesel;amazing
If it's an amazing role, I'll do anything.;Vin Diesel;amazing
You can lose a game but, I see guys every week including myself, you lose a game, it's a tough loss, you're down, two weeks later you forgot about it. You know it's amazing how down you were, but all of the sudden you're like it never happened.;Brett Favre;amazing
It's such an amazing thing to be loved for who you are.;Debra Winger;amazing
With reality TV, sometimes it's amazing chemistry and you get these gems that turn out to be everything you hoped, and the camera loves them and they just blossom on the show. And then sometimes it's not all you envision.;Alison Sweeney;amazing
The people I've been exposed to have been people of amazing integrity.;Amy Grant;amazing
I remember when I took Quentin Tarantino with me to a very private screening of the documentary 'Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired,' which shows some of the legal irregularities of his case. I was involved by the film, and it was an amazing experience to see people weep at the end of it.;Harvey Weinstein;amazing
There is nothing like the way people feel after they've seen 'The Intouchables.' They feel amazing. The word of mouth on this film is incredible. It's intelligent-feeling good. You're not insulted by the low-browness or stupidity of some of the humor. It's so smart and terrific.;Harvey Weinstein;amazing
My mother encouraged it so much. She was so supportive. Even if as a kid, I would do the dumbest trick, which now that I look back on some things, she would love it, she would say that's amazing, or if I'd make the ugliest drawing, she would hang it up. She was amazing.;David Blaine;amazing
Because sorry to say, women run the house. They run the family. They hold things up. I mean, it's like you don't ever see your mom get sick because she handles everything. And it's kind of amazing I think to show people just how strong women are.;Sophia Bush;amazing
I'm lucky that my real-life Mom has both a great sense of humor about herself and an amazing ability to slip into complete denial if the subject matter gets a little too close to home.;Cathy Guisewite;amazing
I love Jessica Simpson. I love her voice. She's amazing.;Britney Spears;amazing
I thought I was dreaming. It was the most amazing moment of my entire life. Not only is Bill the love of my life, but he's also my best friend. I couldn't believe my dream guy was asking me to marry him!;Giuliana Rancic;amazing
I've had an amazing professional life, personal life, but at 64 to have a son who gives us that much love and enjoyment is, wow!;Elton John;amazing
A lot of people fear death because they think that so overwhelming an experience has to be painful, but I've seen quite a few deaths, and, with one exception, I've never known anyone to undergo anything like agony. That's amazing when you think about it. I mean, how complicated the mechanism is that's being taken apart.;Lewis Thomas;amazing
I have always admired and had enormous respect for Elizabeth Taylor. She was not only an incredible actress but an amazing woman as well.;Lindsay Lohan;amazing
It's amazing marrying someone who wants nothing to do with Hollywood.;Nicolas Cage;amazing
It's amazing how ideas start out, isn't it?;Nigel Farage;amazing
I cannot stress enough that the answer to life's questions is often in people's faces. Try putting your iPhones down once in a while, and look in people's faces. People's faces will tell you amazing things. Like if they are angry, or nauseous or asleep.;Amy Poehler;amazing
The NFL has been an amazing page in this chapter of my life. I pray that all successive adventures offer me the same potential for growth, success and most importantly fun.;Ricky Williams;amazing
People always think that if you eat anything as a model, it's amazing. I used to tease them and say, you know I'm going to throw up afterwards.;Christy Turlington;amazing
The seated lotus postures are an amazing way to go into meditation, or simply just to take a moment to ground oneself.;Christy Turlington;amazing
I swim like a fish and I have an amazing kick.;Gordon Ramsay;amazing
Youth is an amazing thing: I think back on when we did The Lost Boys, and I didn't think I could do anything wrong.;Kiefer Sutherland;amazing
I've had some amazing people in my life. Look at my father - he came from a small fishing village of five hundred people and at six foot four with giant ears and a kind of very odd expression, thought he could be a movie star. So go figure, you know?;Kiefer Sutherland;amazing
I hope I'm not a tourist attraction - I'm sure that they come here really because St. Andrews is just amazing, a beautiful place.;Prince William;amazing
While I'm not a celebrity, it's such a weird concept that society has cooked up for us. Astronauts and teachers are much more amazing than actors.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;amazing
The right really dominates radio, and it's amazing how much energy the right spends telling us that the press is slanted to the left when it really isn't. They want to shut other people up. They really don't understand the First Amendment.;Roger Ebert;amazing
I don't know how many thoughts we have a second, but it's quite an amazing number, and just to pin down the appropriate sequence of those, all you really need is a pencil and a piece of paper.;Robert Wyatt;amazing
I'm glad that my parents missed one thing that was really unbelievable. They saw me hit this great success. It was a blast and we had a lot of laughs. And it was just an amazing time. They passed away. And then after I got, you know, famous, all these haters came out of nowhere.;Dane Cook;amazing
I'm not an amazing cook. But I can follow a recipe!;Rachel McAdams;amazing
Exercise is amazing, from the inside out. I feel so alive and have more energy.;Vanessa Hudgens;amazing
Becoming food savvy is one thing, but it's amazing how fast savvy turns to snooty, and snooty leaves you preparing three-hour meals that break your budget and that the kids won't even eat.;Jeffrey Kluger;amazing
It's amazing how much you can learn if your intentions are truly earnest.;Chuck Berry;amazing
I've had a very interesting career. I get to do amazing things and work with amazing people and travel and learn languages - things most people don't get the opportunity to do.;Gwyneth Paltrow;amazing
I spend a good portion of my dinner-party conversation defending America because no matter what the political agenda, it's still a fantastic, amazing place.;Gwyneth Paltrow;amazing
I really have a great deal of humility in that department, and a great deal of respect for people who spend their lives learning how to make these amazing preparations.;Ted Allen;amazing
I've performed in Auburn Hills, at The Palace, so I haven't really been in downtown Detroit, but I've been able to be here, and I can really see, what the city was. Like, I can feel why Motown started here and how amazing it was.;Jordin Sparks;amazing
Since 'Idol' I've gotten used to having an amazing hair and make-up team around me, so I'm starting to get picky. I know what I like now and I'm happy to say 'Could we maybe change that?' if I don't like something. I don't yell or anything, but I think I could definitely start to act a little diva-ish when it comes to my look.;Jordin Sparks;amazing
I'd love to do something with Kelly Clarkson because she's been a monumental influence on me. I love how she handles her celebrity. She's not in the tabloids a lot but everyone knows and respects her because she's got an amazing voice. That's something I aim towards.;Jordin Sparks;amazing
I'm so excited for my first fragrance! I chose to partner with Dots because I love what they do for their customers, bringing them the hottest trends in fashion, accessories and fragrance at unbelievably low prices. It's amazing!;Jordin Sparks;amazing
I'd love to own a bakery at some point. My grandmother could help me run it - she is an amazing baker! I'd also love to do a cookbook.;Jordin Sparks;amazing
I'm still a Welsh girl at heart so I'm staying in the U.K. for the Olympics, it's such an exciting time for Britain so it's amazing to be a part of it.;Katherine Jenkins;amazing
It was an amazing adventure, it was my dream to be in an American musical... I really hope you are going to love what you are going to see.;Marion Cotillard;amazing
My size has helped make me an amazing performer too. The cliche of the Funny Fat Friend: I absolutely was that character - I am that character... It's a complicated bag of tools I acquired, and I've put them all to work onstage.;Beth Ditto;amazing
A few years back, when my style was 'punk grandma,' I picked up an amazing pair of sandals - orthopaedic ones, with really thick soles. I've given them away to a friend now, because these days my look is more '1980s substitute teacher gone wild.';Beth Ditto;amazing
I still think that movies are amazing I respect actors and directors.;Joaquin Phoenix;amazing
I loved hip-hop. The first stuff I heard was Public Enemy, and I couldn't believe it. It was amazing, and I've always loved hip-hop.;Joaquin Phoenix;amazing
It's an amazing feeling to go into a studio and really be alone.;Joaquin Phoenix;amazing
I've got some incredible fans actually - so loyal and they make me birthday cards and Christmas cards. I got this package of poems and artwork based around the songs. They've got this thing called 'Floetry' where they all have to put in artwork. They've set up their own competitions and stuff which is kind of amazing.;Florence Welch;amazing
I saw 'The Artist.' It's really beautiful and it's all done to the letter with all the silent film techniques. The costumes were amazing and the dog is so good.;Florence Welch;amazing
My siblings and I were friends with the boys who would become our stepbrothers - we grew up on the same street. I feel very special to have these amazing people in my life and if we hadn't all moved into this big house together I think I would have missed out on that, because we would have drifted apart.;Florence Welch;amazing
Singing really is acting. In a lot of ways, it's much more personal. I love music, and being able to work on that is amazing.;Leighton Meester;amazing
If I can inspire people by showing that following a dream by working hard and being determined is possible, it's amazing.;Leona Lewis;amazing
I love a beautiful gown on stage, and luckily I've been fortunate to wear some amazing dresses.;Leona Lewis;amazing
I get such lovely gifts from fans... amazing pictures, handmade jewellery. I'm very lucky!;Leona Lewis;amazing
I believe I could have had a career in the music industry without 'X Factor,' but it was an amazing platform that propelled me to where I am now.;Leona Lewis;amazing
It's been a fascinating thing because we didn't really know how to write when we started South Park at all. It's been like, we've just sort of grown up a bit and it's amazing to just see how, if you take Butters and Cartman and put them in any scene, it works.;Trey Parker;amazing
Sally Field looks amazing in general, never mind her age! She's a phenomenally talented actress and has had a career spanning so many decades.;Alison Sweeney;amazing
I started running outside when I was at 'Biggest Loser.' Then I got runner's knee, and thought I was never going to be able to shake it. When I overcame that and ran the L.A. Marathon, it was such an amazing thing, and now running is such a part of my routine.;Alison Sweeney;amazing
We watch a lot of Discovery Channel, shows like 'The Biggest Loser' and even 'Amazing Race.' You learn a lot about the world, it's fun and nobody's interested in beating anybody down. And then the opposite: I'm a huge fan of 'Survivor.';Alison Sweeney;amazing
Spinning has been such an amazing part of my exercise. I love the music, the energy, and the sweat. It's a tough class, which makes me feel like I've really accomplished something. It's a great way to burn fat and lean out the body. An all-around win!;Alison Sweeney;amazing
If you think you don't want to play another psychopath, but the script is amazing, and the director is fantastic, and the story is incredible, then you may end up playing your third psychopath in a row.;Damian Lewis;amazing
Truthfully, being pregnant is changing me as a person. Each day is part of this amazing journey that has completely shifted the focus of my life and made me reevaluate my personal and professional goals.;Holly Madison;amazing
Strangely enough, when the Sugababes' 'Freak Like Me' went to number 1, which was built around my 'Are 'Friends' Electric' song, I had another song called 'Rip' go to number 1 in the Kerrang TV chart, so I was pulling new people in from very different areas of musical interest. That was quite an amazing week.;Gary Numan;amazing
I'm a big fan of Mashable and TechCrunch and other outlets like that, but TechMeme obviously does an amazing job of aggregating.;Gary Vaynerchuk;amazing
My daughter is in love with Adele. She listens to her every day. To see someone with that much passion and soul move a 9-year-old is amazing and it's magical.;Brandy Norwood;amazing
I think having children is the most amazing thing.;Rachel Stevens;amazing
I put the costume on and said 'It's not very comfortable, but it looks amazing,' so it's all good.;Chris Hemsworth;amazing
My mother is the coolest, most amazing person I know.;J. J. Abrams;amazing
There are some amazing stories from all over this country, where people's work and contribution has been acknowledged. To be part of that is an absolutely fantastic feeling.;Kenneth Branagh;amazing
I decided to give acting a serious, committed try, and soon after, I read the script for 'Lovely and Amazing.' The story was beautiful and honest, and the characters struggled with the same insecurities many women - including me - face. I didn't think I had a chance in hell of being in the film, but I knew I had to go for it.;Emily Mortimer;amazing
I really would love to do a piece like Julia Roberts or Charlize Theron in 'Erin Brockovich' or 'North Country.' They were both so amazing and so inspiring. I would love to touch someone in the way their performances touched me.;Ashley Greene;amazing
I'm an actor, so sometimes there are moments where I think about everything that's happening and I want to cry. I'm doing what I love and I will be doing it for a very, very long time - and it's amazing. A lot of people don't get to do that.;Ashley Greene;amazing
I have a full life: I have two amazing kids, I have great friends, great family. And right now, that's plenty for me to manage. A new relationship just seems like way too much work.;Sarah McLachlan;amazing
I've worked on films where the budgets are almost limitless and you're in trailers that are bigger than a hotel room. You're taken care of and the food is amazing, the quality of the job is amazing and then you work on smaller things but it never dictates my happiness or my willingness to go to work.;Dominic Monaghan;amazing
It is amazing to think after all that has happened in this country in the last few years, the last few decades, that so many people have this blind faith that government is our friend and therefore, so we don't need protections against it.;James Bovard;amazing
Once the kids are in school, it's amazing what you can do.;Laura Schlessinger;amazing
The feeling of your baby taking nourishment from your body for the first time is amazing, and it remains the most touching moment of my life.;Laura Schlessinger;amazing
Growing up in New York has influenced my style so much, and I have an amazing relationship with my stylist, Estee Stanley. We have so much fun with the whole process. She picks out dresses, I try things on and play dress up, and we get creative to see what works.;Lea Michele;amazing
Every now and then, I have blissful moments of thanking God for all the amazing things that are happening. When I leave the White House after just meeting Obama or when I see my face on the cover of 'Rolling Stone' or when I meet someone who tells me that their daughter is inspired by me, those are moments that are incredibly joyful.;Lea Michele;amazing
I'm overjoyed and beyond honored to be a part of the L'Oreal Paris family. I'm such a fan of L'Oreal Paris not just for all of their amazing products, but for what they stand for.;Lea Michele;amazing
I got fitter when I did 'Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat.' I wore a loincloth - that's a lot of motivation!;Donny Osmond;amazing
Of course this is Vegas and it is the melting pot for all over the world, but people from all over the world know Donny and Marie. It is amazing. I have been in the business a long time to realize careers can be fleeting. Five years is a long career nowadays for some people, and here we are still going strong after 40 years.;Donny Osmond;amazing
Working with amazing people, you continue to learn and develop yourself, as an actor and as a person.;Josh Hutcherson;amazing
I never travel without my Stetson, but the more I wear it the more I realise that no one wears hats any more. When I was a kid everybody wore hats, especially in Texas, but I get off the plane in Dallas now and I'm the only guy with a hat. It's amazing.;Larry Hagman;amazing
As his partner on this amazing journey, I can tell you Mitt Romney was not handed success. He built it.;Ann Romney;amazing
And I thought, when I have kids, that's the sort of well told, silly, and fun fairy tale that I would want to take them to. But it was an amazing experience. And I think Shrek is a real classic, a fairy tale classic.;Mike Myers;amazing
The overall physical demand that Iraq has is pretty amazing. It's 130 degrees, and the soldiers are carrying about 100 pounds of extra gear. It's a pretty rigorous schedule and routine for them.;Joe Nichols;amazing
I work with all these amazing voice actors that do a kajillion voices.;Katey Sagal;amazing
You have to wait for a big star to come in and generate interest on a project, and now that has become me, which is an amazing blessing.;Jeremy Renner;amazing
We are on the precipice of a crisis, a Constitutional crisis. The checks and balances, which have been at the core of this Republic, are about to be evaporated by the nuclear option. The checks and balances that say if you get 51% of the vote, you don't get your way 100% of the time. It is amazing, it's almost a temper tantrum.;Charles Schumer;amazing
I mean, there are some amazing storytelling being done on the small screen right now. That's what so cool about being in television right now. Studios, networks are starting to throw more resources, better writers, more production values... and to be part of that is awesome.;Ian Somerhalder;amazing
