I grew up in Texas and we used to go to Padre Island, eight hours in the car down to the beach.;St. Vincent;car
My dad used to love Steely Dan, the Stones, Jethro Tull and all that. There was always Steely Dan going in my dad's car, but I remember The Royal Scam in particular because it has 'Kid Charlemagne' on it.;St. Vincent;car
When I was in New York, I was making a living. We had a summer house and a car that I could put in a garage. That's something for a stage actor.;William H. Macy;car
Your car should drive itself. It's amazing to me that we let humans drive cars... It's a bug that cars were invented before computers.;Eric Schmidt;car
Consider the perverse effect cap and trade has on altruistic actions. Say you decide to buy a small, high-efficiency car. That reduces your emissions, but not your country's. Instead it allows somebody else to buy a bigger S.U.V. - because the total emissions are set by the cap.;James Hansen;car
Every summer my husband and I pack our suitcases, load our kids into the car, and drive from tense, crowded New York City to my family's cottage in Maine. It's on an island, with stretches of sea and sandy beaches, rocky coasts, and pine trees. We barbecue, swim, lie around, and try to do nothing.;Hope Davis;car
It's like, no matter what I do, I always feel like I'm five years old, and I end up in the back of my father's car looking out the window, and nothing has changed in 25 years.;Dylan McDermott;car
I did a twenty foot print and John Cage is involved in that because he was the only person I knew in New York who had a car and who would be willing to do this.;Robert Rauschenberg;car
I was 16 years old, driving to LA, and sleeping in my car, just trying to make it happen.;Nick Cannon;car
I arrived in California with no job, no car, and no money, but, like millions of other girls, a dream.;Victoria Principal;car
I remember when metal was something you really had to search out, and now I hear it on car commercials.;Trevor Dunn;car
You know, sitting in the car when they got back in and - first of all, it was relief. I was not - there were two get away cars or switch cars they were called. And, you know, the group tended to include everyone.;Patty Hearst;car
So much of life is luck. One day you make a right turn and get hit by a car. Turn left and you meet the love of your life. I think I made the correct turn.;Loretta Swit;car
The ought to be a worldwide cultural taskforce that just stops you when you have ideas like combining The Red Desert with an armored car heist movie.;Steven Soderbergh;car
Well, it is so difficult right now when you look out on the road and how fast people go and the more and more cars you see out there, for teenagers, you'd think a kid that literally, a few years before, was sitting back in a car seat in the back seat is now behind the wheel.;Amy Klobuchar;car
But I also like to shower my parents with presents. I bought them a beautiful car and a house.;Eva Herzigova;car
And we turned off and 30 miles south they're standing in the middle of our road blocking our way, stopped the car, got out, took us through the path in the woods, where the craft was on the ground.;Betty Hill;car
So if you're a robot and you're living on this planet, you can do things that you can't do in real life - things that you wished you could do: like fly like have a car that flies like have furniture that is alive.;William Joyce;car
Going to car racing school was phenomenal.;Michelle Rodriguez;car
A gun can be dangerous. But a gun can protect you, you can hunt for food with it - you know, the tool itself is a tool. The intention of the party using the tool is a part of the process, right? You know: the knife cuts the steak, stabs the person, saves somebody from danger, cuts somebody out of a car.;Peter Guber;car
I've made club songs, and I've made radio songs, and I've made the car songs.;T-Pain;car
My first car was an '84 Ford Taurus. It caught on fire from me trying to change the fuel pump, so that wasn't good at all. Dried leaves on the ground while I was trying to change the fuel pump. Don't do that. Do it on concrete.;T-Pain;car
We need a number of solutions - we need more efficiency and conservation. Efficiency is a big one. I think car companies need to do a lot better in producing more efficient cars. They have the technology, we just need to demand them as consumers.;Daryl Hannah;car
Twenty years ago, I was living in a lovely cottage on the edge of Dartmoor but I couldn't afford to run a car.;Mary Wesley;car
I don't want to be in my car all day. I love getting up in the morning in Venice and walking my dogs down to the cafe to get my tea, and then perhaps going to a bookstore and sitting and reading, then walking to the beach.;Jessica Chastain;car
The day I won an Emmy was also the day my father passed away. I received a call from my sister on the way to the ceremony and had to turn my car around and catch the first flight back to Karachi.;Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy;car
Because of that I don't care when I read in the newspaper that I am colourblind. I went through a red light in my car and I stopped when I before a green light. So I must be really colourblind, eh?;Ruud van Nistelrooy;car
The courts cannot garnish a father's salary, nor freeze his account, nor seize his property on behalf of his children, in our society. Apparently this is because a kid is not a car or a couch or a boat.;June Jordan;car
Mayors could never get away with the kind of nonsense that goes on in Washington. In our world, you either picked up the trash or you didn't. You either moved an abandoned car or you didn't. You either filled a pothole or you didn't. That's what we do every day. And we know how to get this stuff done.;Michael Nutter;car
The negative effects of combat were nightmares, and I'd get jumpy around certain noises and stuff, but you'd have that after a car accident or a bad divorce. Life's filled with trauma. You don't need to go to war to find it it's going to find you. We all deal with it, and the effects go away after awhile. At least they did for me.;Sebastian Junger;car
In college, my big money memory was saving up to buy a car with my boyfriend, whom I lived with.;Christie Hefner;car
I think I'm pretty smart on what I spend my money on. I still don't have a new car, I drive my old car that I've had forever. But I bought a house in downtown Chicago.;Chris O'Donnell;car
I'm not a car guy. The subway gets me where I need to go efficiently and cheaply, and I don't worry about traffic.;Joe Scarborough;car
When I'm in town on Sundays, I sometimes go down to the Central Bar in the East Village to watch English football. But my natural inclination now is to get in the car with my wife and kids and get out of town.;Joe Scarborough;car
A man from a primitive culture who sees an automobile might guess that it was powered by the wind or by an antelope hidden under the car, but when he opens up the hood and sees the engine he immediately realizes that it was designed.;Michael Behe;car
Because I'm a young black man driving a really nice, expensive car, I sometimes get harassed when I'm rolling through a ghetto neighbourhood.;Coolio;car
I feel comfortable around every driver out there and each driver is in charge of their own car, but you feel very secure racing the competition out there.;Kurt Busch;car
There are going to be little victories that we claim, even if it's finishing 15th and putting the car back in hauler without a scratch on it.;Kurt Busch;car
This is like my dad's race team where we had one Legend car. If we wrecked it, we couldn't race the next week unless we had enough parts to put it back together again.;Kurt Busch;car
So there is going to be that balance of understanding how to get the best out of the car that day, whether it's 15th or even if I have a shot at a top 10, protecting that car so we can bring it back when we have to.;Kurt Busch;car
It's just that fun atmosphere, working on the car, being with the guys. This is exactly what I needed.;Kurt Busch;car
James Finch is exactly what I'm looking for, as far as getting back into the race car to have fun.;Kurt Busch;car
I feel like we're a very good top-10 car, but we really have to work hard and find a unique way to get these top fives.;Kurt Busch;car
I don't have an interest in any car that isn't good for the environment, other than maybe an aesthetic quality in a picture book.;Emile Hirsch;car
My dream car would be a Maserati. That would be amazing.;Jordana Brewster;car
Parking is a nightmare for me... I still have sensors on my car that help me park.;Jordana Brewster;car
People spend so much time in their cars, and it's a legal way to have fun by speeding a little bit or testing yourself a little bit, and you get to invest in your car. For some people, it becomes their baby.;Jordana Brewster;car
In sport there is never any moment that is the same as the other. I have been in Formula One for 12 years, and out of that I had one year with the perfect car.;Michael Schumacher;car
I knew that by getting behind the wheel of the car and having had something to drink, the responsibility laid on my shoulders.;Tracey Gold;car
I remember that all of a sudden, the car felt like I couldn't control it. It was absolutely the most horrifying experience. We rolled over, off the freeway. I think there was something wrong with the car.;Tracey Gold;car
I will never have a drink and get behind the wheel of a car. It's not illegal to drink and drive, but there becomes a certain point where it does become a crime.;Tracey Gold;car
I never listen to music in the house, I listen to music in the car.;Peter Tork;car
Investors have few spare tires left. Think of the image of a car on a bumpy road to an uncertain destination that has already used up its spare tire. The cash reserves of people have been eaten up by the recent market volatility.;Mohamed El-Erian;car
Now having said that, I realize that releasing a film in the real world is like trying to get General Motors to release a handmade car.;Godfrey Reggio;car
On the average, I don't spend more than 15 minutes in the car - to go to the golf course or the gym. And that's the only time I listen to the radio.;Dweezil Zappa;car
Eventually I did that, but it took a lot of twists and turns, and there were a year or two there where I was living with no money at all - no home, no car, no nothing. I was living in somebody's garage in Los Angeles at that point - for a year.;Renny Harlin;car
I could be on 52nd and Third in Manhattan up and ask a strange for directions and they will help you, that's a rural heart. Your car breaks down in the middle of Iowa or somewhere, or Tennessee where I'm from, people want to help each other. Given each opportunity, you see how people come together.;Rodney Atkins;car
If I test the car for a year I can be quite competitive the next season.;Valentino Rossi;car
Have you ever noticed how nice people are at the car wash?! Maybe it's just me, but it makes me happy. Weird, I know!;Brittany Snow;car
It used to be that you'd have a song recorded by a major country artist and if it was a hit, you could buy a car. Now you can buy a dealership.;Tom T. Hall;car
When I finish an album and I find myself listening to it in the car, because it makes me feel a certain way, that's the time to try to let other people know about it.;Herb Alpert;car
I don't think radio is selling records like they used to. They'd hawk the song and hawk the artist and you'd get so excited, you'd stop your car and go into the nearest record store.;Herb Alpert;car
I did a lot of gasoline commercials - Hess, Texaco. I was part of the family in the car, the little brat in the back.;Ricky Schroder;car
Once when I was 16 I had my car taken away from me for being past curfew. Oh, and I said a bad word once, and I actually did get my mouth washed out with soap.;Ashlee Simpson;car
I'm addicted to laughing. I go to see a lot of comedy shows. I'm addicted to playing really loud and obnoxious rock music in my car. I'm addicted to beautiful clothes and shoes. I just love gorgeous stuff and work hard to acquire pretty things, shiny things. I'm addicted to shiny things!;Nadia Giosia;car
The thing about drugs and sex is that you lose all your inhibitions. I've had sex in trains, planes, wine bars... and quite a few car parks!;Robbie Williams;car
From 1997 when we came in, you guys and the public bought seven million more cars. You didn't get rid of the second car, did you? So what is happening is the growth of cars on the motorway.;John Prescott;car
I'm not gonna ride home in the car. I'll wait for Randy. I think I'll get home quicker.;Patsy Cline;car
Boys, they can't take my refrigerator now. They'll never get my car now. I paid cash for 'em and they're mine, and I'm keepin' 'em!;Patsy Cline;car
When the Exxon Valdez spilled in 1989, I was angry. I even wrote on the back of my car, Boycott Exxon!;Alexandra Paul;car
The only way people are going to change their car buying habits, and the only way government will get behind alternatively fueled vehicles, is if gasoline prices continue to go up.;Alexandra Paul;car
I used to have this Mercedes, a dark blue 450SLC, which was the most beautiful car. I'd like to have another unusual, beautiful car.;Andrew Davies;car
I allow myself one nice car.;Slash;car
A male gynecologist is like an auto mechanic who has never owned a car.;Carrie P. Snow;car
They put chains on me they chained my waist, my legs. Put me in the back of a squad car, and I literally blacked out. I didn't even - there's whole pieces missing.;Jim Bakker;car
I started out by believing God for a newer car than the one I was driving. I started out believing God for a nicer apartment than I had. Then I moved up.;Jim Bakker;car
Man, coaching is a hard job, and it requires a lot of time... I hear stories from coaches who tell me that players call them in the middle of the night not knowing where they parked their car.;Joe Montana;car
I was a little different. I still say I'm a little different, because success to me is not having the most money, or having the biggest car or the biggest house.;Herschel Walker;car
I live in a kind of gay bubble. I live in a gay house, I drive a gay car. I eat gay food.;Julian Clary;car
I think, like everybody else in New Hampshire, when I pull up to fill up my car and I pay $50, I get upset. And I'm wondering if these prices are legitimate.;Judd Gregg;car
I was in prison for a charge in Texas, murder one. Back in the '70s in Texas, I was there. I heard the shot. I was in the car.;Duane Chapman;car
Faith is the substance of hope - of things hoped for and the evidence of things not seen. So if you can hope for it and imagine it, and keep imagining and hoping and seeing yourself driving a new car, or seeing yourself getting that job, or seeing yourself excel, seeing yourself help that person - that is faith.;Duane Chapman;car
I'm gonna be the best dad that ever lived. I'll have a ranch with a race car track and a golf course.;Jeremy London;car
When I was living on the street I would be standing out in front of Grauman's Chinese Theater, leaning against my car and signing autographs and nobody had any idea that I was living in it.;Danny Bonaduce;car
I remember my wife and I used to get on plane and see everybody else with their babies. They'd be putting strollers and car seats up above, and we'd think: Oh, please Lord, don't make us go through that.;Paul Reiser;car
I think there's a suspicion in the South of people putting on airs. You see it in most successful Southern politicians, but you also see it in someone like Richard Petty, who may be a multimillionaire stock car driver, but he's also beloved because he has a nice self-deprecatory way about him.;John Shelton Reed;car
Is there some risk every day we walk out our front door? Every time we get in our car? Yeah. Are we materially less safe now than we were 10 years ago? Whatever delta there is, it's very small.;John Hickenlooper;car
It bothers me when I hear it in a car commercial or some such. But for the most part, it's better than seeing sacred music relegated to the scrap heap.;Richard Morris;car
The will is never free - it is always attached to an object, a purpose. It is simply the engine in the car - it can't steer.;Joyce Cary;car
I just completed a tour in Europe. I played every night. This requires traveling some days for six hours in a van or a train or a car. After six weeks of that, I checked into the hotel and just fell apart.;Lee Konitz;car
People would say you look weak if you're not cursing the opposition and driving around in a big black car while always wearing a tie. Above all, to be 'strong' you're always supposed to be giving orders.;Georgios A. Papandreou;car
If you or me go to the gas station to fill up our car and it costs us much more than we expected, it will zap our discretionary income. We won't have the extra money to buy that washing machine or new winter coat-all big ticket items that are important to economic growth.;Maria Bartiromo;car
I was so wild and crazy and dumb in my car. It didn't run but 30 miles an hour. You made do.;Muddy Waters;car
When you're in a race car, you're going through so many different emotions throughout that race.;Jeff Gordon;car
The problem is that the Iraqi people are facing atrocities from both sides - Zarqawi and also the American troops at times. The Zarqawi groups uses car bombs, the Americans use other bombs. You also know what they do in the prisons.;Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani;car
The driver of a racing car is a component. When I first began, I used to grip the steering wheel firmly, and I changed gear so hard that I damaged my hand.;Juan Manuel Fangio;car
Well, you go to Holland and everybody's on a bike - nobody would think to have a car.;Stone Gossard;car
If I start outsourcing all my navigation to a little talking box in my car, I'm sort of screwed. I'm going to lose my car in the parking lot every single time.;Ken Jennings;car
I think that people don't know how to do anything anymore. My father was a janitor. He could take a car apart and put it back together. He could build a house in the back yard. Today, if you ask people what they know, they say, 'I know how to hire someone.';Walter Mosley;car
