Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths pure theatre.;Gail Godwin;education
Education is all a matter of building bridges.;Ralph Ellison;education
The object of education is to prepare the young to educate themselves throughout their lives.;Robert M. Hutchins;education
Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, others just gargle.;Robert Anthony;education
I prefer the company of peasants because they have not been educated sufficiently to reason incorrectly.;Michel de Montaigne;education
If I were again beginning my studies, I would follow the advice of Plato and start with mathematics.;Galileo Galilei;education
The great difficulty in education is to get experience out of ideas.;George Santayana;education
An educated people can be easily governed.;Frederick The Great;education
Learning is a result of listening, which in turn leads to even better listening and attentiveness to the other person. In other words, to learn from the child, we must have empathy, and empathy grows as we learn.;Alice Miller;education
I think everyone should go to college and get a degree and then spend six months as a bartender and six months as a cabdriver. Then they would really be educated.;Al McGuire;education
Education is the transmission of civilization.;Will Durant;education
If the education of our kids comes from radio, television, newspapers - if that's where they get most of their knowledge from, and not from the schools, then the powers that be are definitely in charge, because they own all those outlets.;Maynard James Keenan;education
Your library is your paradise.;Desiderius Erasmus;education
If the Romans had been obliged to learn Latin, they would never have found time to conquer the world.;Heinrich Heine;education
The only real failure in life is one not learned from.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;education
He who studies books alone will know how things ought to be, and he who studies men will know how they are.;Charles Caleb Colton;education
It is with children that we have the best chance of studying the development of logical knowledge, mathematical knowledge, physical knowledge, and so forth.;Jean Piaget;education
America is the best half-educated country in the world.;Nicholas M. Butler;education
I read Shakespeare and the Bible, and I can shoot dice. That's what I call a liberal education.;Tallulah Bankhead;education
It is always in season for old men to learn.;Aeschylus;education
Education... has produced a vast population able to read but unable to distinguish what is worth reading.;G. M. Trevelyan;education
If an ignorant person is attracted by the things of the world, that is bad. But if a learned person is thus attracted, it is worse.;Abu Bakr;education
True, a little learning is a dangerous thing, but it still beats total ignorance.;Abigail Van Buren;education
It is only as we develop others that we permanently succeed.;Harvey S. Firestone;education
Responsibility educates.;Wendell Phillips;education
I would like to learn, or remember, how to live.;Annie Dillard;education
Real education must ultimately be limited to men who insist on knowing, the rest is mere sheep-herding.;Ezra Pound;education
It has been said that 80% of what people learn is visual.;Allen Klein;education
Men and women must be educated, in a great degree, by the opinions and manners of the society they live in.;Mary Wollstonecraft;education
I learned more stuff in church than I did in the world.;Al Green;education
The willingness to learn new skills is very high.;Angela Merkel;education
To the extent that we are all educated and informed, we will be more equipped to deal with the gut issues that tend to divide us.;Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg;education
If I had learned education I would not have had time to learn anything else.;Cornelius Vanderbilt;education
Man is what he reads.;Joseph Brodsky;education
You can educate yourself right out of a relationship with God.;Tammy Faye Bakker;education
The simplest schoolboy is now familiar with truths for which Archimedes would have sacrificed his life.;Ernest Renan;education
I know a lot of people think I'm dumb. Well, at least I ain't no educated fool.;Leon Spinks;education
Every educated person is a future enemy.;Martin Bormann;education
It is well to read everything of something, and something of everything.;Joseph Brodsky;education
To me education is a leading out of what is already there in the pupil's soul. To Miss Mackay it is a putting in of something that is not there, and that is not what I call education. I call it intrusion.;Muriel Spark;education
Our universities and museums are respected around the country.;Jane Byrne;education
I am sure my fellow-scientists will agree with me if I say that whatever we were able to achieve in our later years had its origin in the experiences of our youth and in the hopes and wishes which were formed before and during our time as students.;Felix Bloch;education
The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character - that is the goal of true education.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;education
The purpose of education is to replace an empty mind with an open one.;Malcolm Forbes;education
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.;Albert Einstein;education
My mother was the most beautiful woman I ever saw. All I am I owe to my mother. I attribute all my success in life to the moral, intellectual and physical education I received from her.;George Washington;education
Formal education will make you a living self-education will make you a fortune.;Jim Rohn;education
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.;Albert Einstein;education
Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. Genius will not unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not the world is full of educated failures. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent.;Calvin Coolidge;education
Education without values, as useful as it is, seems rather to make man a more clever devil.;C. S. Lewis;education
A thorough knowledge of the Bible is worth more than a college education.;Theodore Roosevelt;education
Don't let schooling interfere with your education.;Mark Twain;education
I've never let my school interfere with my education.;Mark Twain;education
Cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.;Mark Twain;education
I have always had this view about the modern education system: we pay attention to brain development, but the development of warmheartedness we take for granted.;Dalai Lama;education
Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely. The real safeguard of democracy, therefore, is education.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;education
Education consists mainly of what we have unlearned.;Mark Twain;education
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.;Mark Twain;education
Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.;Malcolm X;education
I never let schooling interfere with my education.;Mark Twain;education
Soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run.;Mark Twain;education
There is no end to education. It is not that you read a book, pass an examination, and finish with education. The whole of life, from the moment you are born to the moment you die, is a process of learning.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;education
Anyone who knows history, particularly the history of Europe, will, I think, recognize that the domination of education or of government by any one particular religious faith is never a happy arrangement for the people.;Eleanor Roosevelt;education
No part of the education of a politician is more indispensable than the fighting of elections.;Winston Churchill;education
The highest result of education is tolerance.;Helen Keller;education
To penetrate and dissipate these clouds of darkness, the general mind must be strengthened by education.;Thomas Jefferson;education
The giving of love is an education in itself.;Eleanor Roosevelt;education
A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and art into pedantry. Hence University education.;George Bernard Shaw;education
Purity of personal life is the one indispensable condition for building up a sound education.;Mahatma Gandhi;education
Do you know the difference between education and experience? Education is when you read the fine print experience is what you get when you don't.;Pete Seeger;education
Our progress as a nation can be no swifter than our progress in education. The human mind is our fundamental resource.;John F. Kennedy;education
Education is an ornament in prosperity and a refuge in adversity.;Aristotle;education
Genius without education is like silver in the mine.;Benjamin Franklin;education
If someone is going down the wrong road, he doesn't need motivation to speed him up. What he needs is education to turn him around.;Jim Rohn;education
Sex education may be a good idea in the schools, but I don't believe the kids should be given homework.;Bill Cosby;education
It might be said now that I have the best of both worlds. A Harvard education and a Yale degree.;John F. Kennedy;education
Music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue.;Plato;education
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad.;Theodore Roosevelt;education
If you want to get laid, go to college. If you want an education, go to the library.;Frank Zappa;education
Education is the best provision for old age.;Aristotle;education
We have an obligation and a responsibility to be investing in our students and our schools. We must make sure that people who have the grades, the desire and the will, but not the money, can still get the best education possible.;Barack Obama;education
In large states public education will always be mediocre, for the same reason that in large kitchens the cooking is usually bad.;Friedrich Nietzsche;education
Education comes from within you get it by struggle and effort and thought.;Napoleon Hill;education
Education is hanging around until you've caught on.;Robert Frost;education
No man should bring children into the world who is unwilling to persevere to the end in their nature and education.;Plato;education
I had a terrible education. I attended a school for emotionally disturbed teachers.;Woody Allen;education
Cutting the deficit by gutting our investments in innovation and education is like lightening an overloaded airplane by removing its engine. It may make you feel like you're flying high at first, but it won't take long before you feel the impact.;Barack Obama;education
The truth is, in order to get things like universal health care and a revamped education system, then someone is going to have to give up a piece of their pie so that someone else can have more.;Michelle Obama;education
The most important part of education is proper training in the nursery.;Plato;education
Men are born ignorant, not stupid. They are made stupid by education.;Bertrand Russell;education
I cannot understand how the education of this United States of America has been fooled time and time again. Either make it separate but equal or integrate, therefore it will be equal. And it has been separate and unequal.;Bill Cosby;education
The highest education is that which does not merely give us information but makes our life in harmony with all existence.;Rabindranath Tagore;education
If a man neglects education, he walks lame to the end of his life.;Plato;education
There's only one thing that can kill the movies, and that's education.;Will Rogers;education
The greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work.;Michael Jackson;education
Attitude is more important than the past, than education, than money, than circumstances, than what people do or say. It is more important than appearance, giftedness, or skill.;Charles R. Swindoll;education
For good nurture and education implant good constitutions.;Plato;education
Natural ability without education has more often raised a man to glory and virtue than education without natural ability.;Marcus Aurelius;education
You can choose a future where more Americans have the chance to gain the skills they need to compete, no matter how old they are or how much money they have. Education was the gateway to opportunity for me. It was the gateway for Michelle. And now more than ever, it is the gateway to a middle-class life.;Barack Obama;education
