Books constitute capital. A library book lasts as long as a house, for hundreds of years. It is not, then, an article of mere consumption but fairly of capital, and often in the case of professional men, setting out in life, it is their only capital.;Thomas Jefferson;men
A hero is born among a hundred, a wise man is found among a thousand, but an accomplished one might not be found even among a hundred thousand men.;Plato;men
Men marry because they are tired women, because they are curious both are disappointed.;Oscar Wilde;men
Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;men
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do.;Andrew Carnegie;men
Battle is the most magnificent competition in which a human being can indulge. It brings out all that is best it removes all that is base. All men are afraid in battle. The coward is the one who lets his fear overcome his sense of duty. Duty is the essence of manhood.;George S. Patton;men
I have no ambition to govern men it is a painful and thankless office.;Thomas Jefferson;men
The marvel of all history is the patience with which men and women submit to burdens unnecessarily laid upon them by their governments.;George Washington;men
Instead of comparing our lot with that of those who are more fortunate than we are, we should compare it with the lot of the great majority of our fellow men. It then appears that we are among the privileged.;Helen Keller;men
It takes time to persuade men to do even what is for their own good.;Thomas Jefferson;men
Men are so willing to respect anything that bores them.;Marilyn Monroe;men
Fishes live in the sea, as men do a-land the great ones eat up the little ones.;William Shakespeare;men
Jealousy is both reasonable and belongs to reasonable men, while envy is base and belongs to the base, for the one makes himself get good things by jealousy, while the other does not allow his neighbour to have them through envy.;Aristotle;men
Wise men don't need advice. Fools won't take it.;Benjamin Franklin;men
All men are prepared to accomplish the incredible if their ideals are threatened.;Maya Angelou;men
It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather we should thank God that such men lived.;George S. Patton;men
There is a natural aristocracy among men. The grounds of this are virtue and talents.;Thomas Jefferson;men
Let me embrace thee, sour adversity, for wise men say it is the wisest course.;William Shakespeare;men
Men are April when they woo, December when they wed. Maids are May when they are maids, but the sky changes when they are wives.;William Shakespeare;men
Sometimes I wonder if men and women really suit each other. Perhaps they should live next door and just visit now and then.;Katharine Hepburn;men
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.;Confucius;men
The problems of the world cannot possibly be solved by skeptics or cynics whose horizons are limited by the obvious realities. We need men who can dream of things that never were.;John F. Kennedy;men
But men are men the best sometimes forget.;William Shakespeare;men
Trust men and they will be true to you treat them greatly and they will show themselves great.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;men
If we are marked to die, we are enough to do our country loss and if to live, the fewer men, the greater share of honor.;William Shakespeare;men
Faith, there hath been many great men that have flattered the people who ne'er loved them.;William Shakespeare;men
Women are never disarmed by compliments. Men always are. That is the difference between the sexes.;Oscar Wilde;men
If to do were as easy as to know what were good to do, chapels had been churches, and poor men's cottage princes' palaces.;William Shakespeare;men
What we call Man's power over Nature turns out to be a power exercised by some men over other men with Nature as its instrument.;C. S. Lewis;men
Too often the great decisions are originated and given form in bodies made up wholly of men, or so completely dominated by them that whatever of special value women have to offer is shunted aside without expression.;Eleanor Roosevelt;men
Women have always been the strong ones of the world. The men are always seeking from women a little pillow to put their heads down on. They are always longing for the mother who held them as infants.;Coco Chanel;men
Content makes poor men rich discontent makes rich men poor.;Benjamin Franklin;men
Men's vows are women's traitors!;William Shakespeare;men
Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;men
There have been many great men that have flattered the people who ne'er loved them.;William Shakespeare;men
Long before history began we men have got together apart from the women and done things. We had time.;C. S. Lewis;men
The only power any government has is the power to crack down on criminals. Well, when there aren't enough criminals, one makes them. One declares so many things to be a crime that it becomes impossible for men to live without breaking laws.;Ayn Rand;men
Violent men have not been known in history to die to a man. They die up to a point.;Mahatma Gandhi;men
Men shut their doors against a setting sun.;William Shakespeare;men
Measures must always in a progressive society be held superior to men, who are after all imperfect instruments, working for their fulfilment.;Mahatma Gandhi;men
Men go abroad to wonder at the heights of mountains, at the huge waves of the sea, at the long courses of the rivers, at the vast compass of the ocean, at the circular motions of the stars, and they pass by themselves without wondering.;Saint Augustine;men
Lord, Lord, how subject we old men are to this vice of lying!;William Shakespeare;men
Boxing is a lot of white men watching two black men beat each other up.;Muhammad Ali;men
Clever and attractive women do not want to vote they are willing to let men govern as long as they govern men.;George Bernard Shaw;men
Great men are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force - that thoughts rule the world.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;men
As long as you know men are like children, you know everything!;Coco Chanel;men
I will not be concerned at other men's not knowing meI will be concerned at my own want of ability.;Confucius;men
There is always inequality in life. Some men are killed in a war and some men are wounded and some men never leave the country. Life is unfair.;John F. Kennedy;men
All free men, wherever they may live, are citizens of Berlin. And therefore, as a free man, I take pride in the words 'Ich bin ein Berliner!';John F. Kennedy;men
We believe that if men have the talent to invent new machines that put men out of work, they have the talent to put those men back to work.;John F. Kennedy;men
The most pitiful among men is he who turns his dreams into silver and gold.;Khalil Gibran;men
A man is a god in ruins. When men are innocent, life shall be longer, and shall pass into the immortal, as gently as we awake from dreams.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;men
All men by nature desire knowledge.;Aristotle;men
Heights by great men reached and kept were not obtained by sudden flight but, while their companions slept, they were toiling upward in the night.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;men
The TV business is uglier than most things. It is normally perceived as some kind of cruel and shallow money trench through the heart of the journalism industry, a long plastic hallway where thieves and pimps run free and good men die like dogs, for no good reason.;Hunter S. Thompson;men
When men and woman die, as poets sung, his heart's the last part moves, her last, the tongue.;Benjamin Franklin;men
Observe all men, thyself most.;Benjamin Franklin;men
Democracy arises out of the notion that those who are equal in any respect are equal in all respects because men are equally free, they claim to be absolutely equal.;Aristotle;men
In the affairs of this world, men are saved not by faith, but by the want of it.;Benjamin Franklin;men
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;men
Bad men are full of repentance.;Aristotle;men
Nine men in ten are would be suicides.;Benjamin Franklin;men
All men are by nature equal, made all of the same earth by one Workman and however we deceive ourselves, as dear unto God is the poor peasant as the mighty prince.;Plato;men
Men's actions are too strong for them. Show me a man who has acted, and who has not been the victim and slave of his action.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;men
Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;men
There is a blessed necessity by which the interest of men is always driving them to the right and, again, making all crime mean and ugly.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;men
If you want to sacrifice the admiration of many men for the criticism of one, go ahead, get married.;Katharine Hepburn;men
Every actual State is corrupt. Good men must not obey laws too well.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;men
I began revolution with 82 men. If I had to do it again, I do it with 10 or 15 and absolute faith. It does not matter how small you are if you have faith and plan of action.;Fidel Castro;men
Truth is the property of no individual but is the treasure of all men.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;men
It was pride that changed angels into devils it is humility that makes men as angels.;Saint Augustine;men
Men admire the man who can organize their wishes and thoughts in stone and wood and steel and brass.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;men
The revelation of thought takes men out of servitude into freedom.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;men
Good men must not obey the laws too well.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;men
The reason why men do not obey us, is because they see the mud at the bottom of our eye.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;men
Perfect friendship is the friendship of men who are good, and alike in excellence for these wish well alike to each other qua good, and they are good in themselves.;Aristotle;men
He who is cruel to animals becomes hard also in his dealings with men. We can judge the heart of a man by his treatment of animals.;Immanuel Kant;men
It is a fact often observed, that men have written good verses under the inspiration of passion, who cannot write well under other circumstances.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;men
The search after the great men is the dream of youth, and the most serious occupation of manhood.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;men
Great men or men of great gifts you shall easily find, but symmetrical men never.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;men
In every society some men are born to rule, and some to advise.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;men
Men acquire a particular quality by constantly acting in a particular way.;Aristotle;men
Different men seek after happiness in different ways and by different means, and so make for themselves different modes of life and forms of government.;Aristotle;men
It is clearly better that property should be private, but the use of it common and the special business of the legislator is to create in men this benevolent disposition.;Aristotle;men
Let no one weep for me, or celebrate my funeral with mourning for I still live, as I pass to and fro through the mouths of men.;Quintus Ennius;men
Bachelors know more about women than married men if they didn't they'd be married too.;H. L. Mencken;men
The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom.;Plato;men
Those who excel in virtue have the best right of all to rebel, but then they are of all men the least inclined to do so.;Aristotle;men
Men create gods after their own image, not only with regard to their form but with regard to their mode of life.;Aristotle;men
All men make mistakes, but married men find out about them sooner.;Red Skelton;men
The generality of men are naturally apt to be swayed by fear rather than reverence, and to refrain from evil rather because of the punishment that it brings than because of its own foulness.;Aristotle;men
Choose silence of all virtues, for by it you hear other men's imperfections, and conceal your own.;George Bernard Shaw;men
All men are children, and of one family. The same tale sends them all to bed, and wakes them in the morning.;Henry David Thoreau;men
Men are swayed more by fear than by reverence.;Aristotle;men
It will be of little avail to the people that the laws are made by men of their own choice if the laws be so voluminous that they cannot be read, or so incoherent that they cannot be understood.;James Madison;men
Of all religions, the Christian should of course inspire the most tolerance, but until now Christians have been the most intolerant of all men.;Voltaire;men
The first method for estimating the intelligence of a ruler is to look at the men he has around him.;Niccolo Machiavelli;men
Stupid as a man, say the women: cowardly as a woman, say the men. Stupidity in a woman is unwomanly.;Friedrich Nietzsche;men
It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims.;Aristotle;men
