I've never been a huge sweets eater, and I've always loved a Mediterranean diet. We eat a lot of dark leafy greens, and a couple meals each week are meat-free. We enjoy eating a balanced diet.;Rachael Ray;diet
I have argued for years that we do not have a health care system in America. We have a disease-management system - one that depends on ruinously expensive drugs and surgeries that treat health conditions after they manifest rather than giving our citizens simple diet, lifestyle and therapeutic tools to keep them healthy.;Andrew Weil;diet
In L.A., I get a meal delivery service called Diet Designs. I like a nice butter lettuce salad with some avocado, fresh grapefruit, shredded chicken breast and raw almond slices with a sesame vinaigrette dressing. I also love juicing and am kind of obsessed with it.;Fergie;diet
I did every diet: Atkins. Cabbage-soup diet. Dean Ornish. But I couldn't live the rest of my life like a rabbit.;Mike Huckabee;diet
I've never had body issues, I've never had an eating disorder. I've never had to go on a diet and that's because of Weight Watchers.;Ginnifer Goodwin;diet
I've drunk Amazon's free Diet Coke. Nothing makes more sense to me than a company trying to make bookselling into a profitable business. I'm not anti-Amazon, and I'm not pro-publishers either. I'm pro-books.;Lev Grossman;diet
These days I travel so much it's hard to get into a routine. When I'm on the road, I tend to use hotel gyms. When I'm home in L.A., I like to hike and hit the surf. All in all, I try to keep a balanced diet and exercise routine, which has stood me in good stead to date.;Curtis Stone;diet
I need protein from food rather than just protein supplements. I changed my diet.;Travis Barker;diet
I've tried just about every crazy diet you can imagine.;Brooke Burke;diet
Their diet is basically boiled vegetables, fish and rice. No fat, no sugar. You notice when you live there that there are no fat people.;Arsene Wenger;diet
As a coach you can influence the diet of your players. You can point out what is wrong.;Arsene Wenger;diet
All the pre-made sauces in a jar, and frozen and canned vegetables, processed meats, and cheeses which are loaded with artificial ingredients and sodium can get in the way of a healthy diet. My number one advice is to eat fresh, and seasonally.;Todd English;diet
Your diet is a bank account. Good food choices are good investments.;Bethenny Frankel;diet
My diet is mostly chicken and fish. I make sure I get a lot of vegetables, a lot of fruit. I am a big fruit man, I am a vegetable man anyway. And I also get a lot of rest. That's the key I may be up early, but I'm in bed early too.;Magic Johnson;diet
The doctor asked what my diet was like and I had to sit down and realize it's not normal, and hadn't been normal for about 20 years.;Carre Otis;diet
The first couple of days on the detox diet aren't pleasant.;Carol Vorderman;diet
I was starting to become impotent through this diet and couldn't perform. How many people who are taking the little blue pill, if they started to change what they are eating most of the time, could change the way their sex life is?;Morgan Spurlock;diet
Getting as much sleep as possible and following a healthy diet will stop you from feeling run-down if, like me, you're super-stressed.;Elizabeth Hurley;diet
Do not suppose, however, that I intend to urge a diet of classics on anybody. I have seen such diets at work. I have known people who have actually read all, or almost all, the guaranteed Hundred Best Books. God save us from reading nothing but the best.;Robertson Davies;diet
But I can only take so much TV, because there is so much advice. I find people will preach about virtually anything - your diet, how to live your life, how to improve your golf. The lot. I have always had a thing against the Mister Know-It-Alls.;Bill Murray;diet
I'm on a strict gossip diet. No gossip websites, no gossip magazines. Otherwise, I find it paralyzing to exist.;Julie Bowen;diet
The number of kids affected by obesity has tripled since 1980, and this can be traced in large part to lack of exercise and a healthy diet.;Virginia Foxx;diet
The best anti-aging advice I've ever received? Drink a lot of water and have a plant-based diet. I also do mindful meditation with my daughter every day. It takes ten minutes. I think reducing stress plays a big part in anti-aging.;Carolyn Murphy;diet
I grew up with a heavy diet of gospel, folk, and blues because those are kind of the cornerstones of traditional American music.;Ben Harper;diet
In the 20 long, hungry years between my late teens and late 30s I bought in to virtually every new diet and/or exercise regime that hoved into view, particularly at this most vulnerable time for those of us prone to poor body image - a new year.;Arabella Weir;diet
Sticking to a diet required me to have a permanently low self-esteem. But happily, I developed other skills beyond a fluctuating weight, eventually building up a different source of self-worth.;Arabella Weir;diet
I tried the Atkins diet in the Seventies when pregnant with my son, as I didn't want to pile on the pounds. Now, so long as I'm healthy, I don't care what my scales say.;Britt Ekland;diet
I try my best to be extremely disciplined about my diet.;Mika Brzezinski;diet
My mom was always really healthy and cautious about her diet, so I'm not a big sugar guy.;Paul Walker;diet
Push-ups, sit-ups, and a strict diet of raisins. That's my plan.;Jack Black;diet
Mexican food is far more varied than people think. It changes like dialects. I was brought up in Jalisco by the sea on a basic diet - tomatoes, chillis, peppers of every size and rice, which is a Mexican staple. The Pacific coast has a huge array of seafood.;Gael Garcia Bernal;diet
I think violence, cynicism, brutality and fashion are the staples of our diet. I think in the grand history of story-telling, going back to people sitting around fires, the dark side of human nature has always been very important. Movies are part of that tradition.;Eric Stoltz;diet
I'm an emotional eater. When I get upset, my diet goes out the window.;Kelly Osbourne;diet
I like starting off the new year fresh. I'm excited to see how 2013 turns out. Maybe because I'm an actress and I am always on a diet and fitness program, but my New Year's resolution is to let myself be nice to myself about my body.;Busy Philipps;diet
I like food too much to go on some crazy diet. French fries are my favorite downfall.;Holly Madison;diet
Going meat-free can make a huge difference. Studies show that vegetarians are, on average, 10 to 20 pounds lighter than meat-eaters and that a vegetarian diet reduces our risk of heart disease by 40 percent and adds seven or more years to our lifespan.;Ingrid Newkirk;diet
Perhaps one of the most important things you can do for human beings is wean them off an animal-based diet. It hardens the arteries and runs up our health-care costs. The last thing a poor person can afford is a heart attack or cancer or a stroke. And that's all linked to a meat-based diet. I think animal liberation is human liberation.;Ingrid Newkirk;diet
Look at the average American diet: ice cream, butter, cheese, whole milk, all this fat. People don't realize how much of this stuff you get by the end of the day. High blood pressure is from all this high-fat eating.;Jack LaLanne;diet
I won't sit here and say I've never had a pimple, but I try to have a really great diet, you know, lots of vegetables and fish. And I think stress plays a huge part too.;Janelle Monae;diet
And I grew up on a steady diet of science fiction, especially apocalyptic and postapocalyptic fiction.;Justin Cronin;diet
I don't have a problem with my body. I don't diet, and I'm not hiding anything. I'm not going to be the subject of a movie of the week 10 years from now.;Lara Flynn Boyle;diet
You can't exercise your way out of a bad diet.;Mark Hyman;diet
The very fact that we are having a national conversation about what we should eat, that we are struggling with the question about what the best diet is, is symptomatic of how far we have strayed from the natural conditions that gave rise to our species, from the simple act of eating real, whole, fresh food.;Mark Hyman;diet
Lifestyle change and changes in diet work faster, better and more cheaply than any medication and are as effective or more effective than gastric bypass without any side effects or long-term complications.;Mark Hyman;diet
When I was pregnant. I exercised and was healthy, but it was also the first time since I was 14 that I wasn't on a diet.;Liv Tyler;diet
I box for four hours a week and my diet is pretty healthy.;Tony Parsons;diet
My biggest regret is putting my body through fad diets - Atkins, cleanses, the hCG diet.;Jennie Garth;diet
We are also in the process of defining how best to work together with food and other companies to address diet and physical activity factors in order to prevent chronic diseases.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;diet
If you can eat 70 percent raw or introduce raw into your diet, it will help your health.;Carol Alt;diet
I was elected to the Diet in the same way as at every parliamentary election.;Fritz Sauckel;diet
I was member of the Diet as long as it existed, until May 1933.;Fritz Sauckel;diet
The Diet was dissolved by a Reich Government decree.;Fritz Sauckel;diet
Far too many times over the next 12 to 15 years, it was brought to my attention that people who followed my exercise guidelines exactly but ignored their diet, their weight and their cigarette smoking had heart attacks at age 55.;Kenneth H. Cooper;diet
I keep my diet simple by sticking to mostly fruits and vegetables all day and then having whatever I want for dinner. I end up making healthy choices, like sushi or grilled fish, because I feel so good from eating well.;Jennifer Morrison;diet
I've probably tried every fad diet in the world.;Jenna Ushkowitz;diet
At one point, I even thought, 'Oh, I'll take diet pills.' I tried it for one day, and I thought my heart was going to explode. It's awful, and I would never, ever recommend it.;Jenna Ushkowitz;diet
I don't find it a struggle to maintain a healthy diet now as my palate has changed. I don't crave rich food.;Jennifer Ellison;diet
I don't do faddy diets any more. I once did a no-carbs diet a few years ago but it made me depressed. I couldn't be doing with that!;Jennifer Ellison;diet
Breastfeeding is the very best diet I've been on.;Rebecca Romijn;diet
I am not qualified to talk about the diet. Simply because I am not a dietician.;Mark Spitz;diet
I cook croquetas, and I eat jamon. I keep my diet 100% Mediterranean and drink my Rioja. In that sense, I have a piece of Spain in West Hollywood.;Paz Vega;diet
If you continually diet, you are putting your body in a quasi-famine situation. It slows your metabolism down and breaks the thermostat. Diets don't work. They don't help you understand why you're eating more than your body wanted in the first place.;Susie Orbach;diet
I did my famous cabbage soup diet, so I was able to do it.;Ellen Burstyn;diet
I go to the gym five days a week and I have a personal trainer. I am on a strict diet, which is kind of hard to keep up with on the road, but I stick to it as well as I can.;Lou Gramm;diet
By learning about my body and making small, subtle changes, I find out what I enjoy and what is effective. I'm always finessing: adjusting my diet and my workouts. You have to figure out which exercises are fun and interesting and stimulate your brain - or else you'll never keep at them.;Lisa Edelstein;diet
If you eat a lot of starchy foods, introduce a vegetable once a week, then twice a week, and then three times a week. Slowly fill your diet with new flavors. By the time you're ready to let go of whatever it is you want to let go of, you've got a full menu.;Lisa Edelstein;diet
I'm on this diet where you're supposed to eat only fish and meat.;Lasse Hallstrom;diet
My doctor explained that exercise and diet changes might help and that I also might need a medication.;Della Reese;diet
Meat is a wasteful use of water and creates a lot of greenhouse gases. It puts enormous pressure on the world's resources. A vegetarian diet is better.;Nicholas Stern;diet
I've had weight issues all my life. I've been on all the diets: Atkins, liquid protein, Scarsdale diet. Now I go to the gym often. I'm always on the StairMaster, and I do weights.;Hoda Kotb;diet
I've done every diet there is.;Kate Walsh;diet
I've never followed a vegan or vegetarian diet in the past, but I think I could do it. It would not be easy. I have worked with nutritionists who have said a vegan diet is not necessarily all positive for your health, because you need nutrients you only find in meats. I believe in a balanced diet.;Joel Robuchon;diet
We talk about, you know, diet and that we shouldn't give our kids big things and obesity and fast food. Well, you know there are people who don't have that problem because they're not getting any food! We have so many deep problems and issues facing humanity.;Chris Noth;diet
My parents have been incredibly supportive from perhaps the first real independent decision I made to become a vegetarian at 11, which was certainly not consistent with their diet at the time.;Chelsea Clinton;diet
In New York I pretty much live in diners - I order French Fries, Diet Coke floats and lots of coffee.;Lana Del Rey;diet
I know what I have to do if I want to lose weight and stay healthy: eat a proper diet and exercise. All I've got to do is apply it.;John Candy;diet
I'm not strictly vegetarian, but meat doesn't play a big part in my diet.;Katie Holmes;diet
Fruit is definitely on the maintenance diet. It's on the lifestyle diet.;Robert Atkins;diet
A diet should be named after what you do eat, not what you don't eat.;Robert Atkins;diet
I have had cardiomyopathy, which is a non-coronary condition and is in no way related to diet.;Robert Atkins;diet
I weighed 193 pounds and had three chins. I couldn't get up before 9 a.m. and never saw patients before 10. I decided to go on a diet.;Robert Atkins;diet
How much obesity has to be created in a single decade for people to realize that diet has to be responsible for it?;Robert Atkins;diet
You take the healthiest diet in the world, if you gave those people vitamins, they would be twice as healthy. So vitamins are valuable.;Robert Atkins;diet
I freak out if I go a little too long without being in the gym. For a long time it was all about getting the weight off because I was 240 pounds at my heaviest, and now I'm around 175, so the majority of that weight loss was due to diet and exercise.;Nick Carter;diet
I think I've done every crazy diet there was in the beginning, but it's weird: I'm thinner now than I was when I was modeling. I don't obsess about it.;Molly Sims;diet
I have to be very careful about diet and exercise.;Taylor Dayne;diet
Young girls look to me as a role model and think I crash diet to keep slim. That's not true, I always eat properly.;Denise Van Outen;diet
I've never been on a fad diet.;Denise Van Outen;diet
We have the opportunity to provide the first FDA reviewed and approved over-the-counter option that can help people lose weight and make changes to their lifestyle and diet.;Steve Burton;diet
I always recommend a sensible diet, including lots of carbohydrates and avoiding too much fat. Dancers don't need different fuel from other people - they just need more of it because they use more energy.;Deborah Bull;diet
Most diets would have you cutting things out from your diet they are about denial and discipline.;Kathy Freston;diet
Though I'm vegan and advocate that others eat a plant-based diet, I know that many people aren't quite ready to take that step in whole.;Kathy Freston;diet
The right diet directs sexual energy into the parts that matter.;Barbara Cartland;diet
I thought a vegan diet would be too difficult, being on the road so much, but it's been far easier than I thought.;Michelle Forbes;diet
A plant-based diet has actually simplified my life in so many ways. For breakfast, I try to get my first serving of fruits and nuts for fuel. I'm completely addicted to coconut water for the electrolytes and hydration.;Michelle Forbes;diet
A bonus: You don't have to diet to direct.;Joey Lauren Adams;diet
I certainly feel that the time is not far distant when a knowledge of the principles of diet will be an essential part of one's education. Then mankind will eat to live, be able to do better mental and physical work and disease will be less frequent.;Fannie Farmer;diet
My diet is always terrible, unfortunately. I don't know moderation.;Sean Astin;diet
Everyone is going to binge on a diet, for instance, so plan for it, schedule it, and contain the damage.;Tim Ferriss;diet
