The truth is, I wrote a novel when I was 23. It's hideously bad. Truly rotten.;Sloane Crosley;truth
Man has gone long enough, or even too long, without being man enough to face the simple truth that the trouble with man is man.;James Thurber;truth
It's funny. People often compare me to other humor essayists. They're usually quite nice comparisons I will accept those gladly. But I am always sort of appalled at the idea of being lumped with other, more chick-y female writers. And the truth is probably that neither comparison is accurate.;Sloane Crosley;truth
In order to create lasting security you must learn to stand in your truth.;Suze Orman;truth
Be truthful, nature only sides with truth.;Adolf Loos;truth
Truth is not a matter of personal viewpoint.;Vernon Howard;truth
These years in silence and reflection made me stronger and reminded me that acceptance has to come from within and that this kind of truth gives me the power to conquer emotions I didn't even know existed.;Ricky Martin;truth
The truth is often terrifying, which I think is one of the motifs of Larry and Andrew's cinema. The cost of knowledge is an important theme. In the second and third films, they explore the consequences of Neo's choice to know the truth. It's a beautiful, beautiful story.;Keanu Reeves;truth
In every truth, the beneficiaries of a system cannot be expected to destroy it.;A. Philip Randolph;truth
This is my truth, tell me yours.;Aneurin Bevan;truth
I wish I had coined the phrase 'tyranny of choice,' but someone beat me to it. The counterintuitive truth is that have an abundance of options does not make you feel privileged and indulged too many options make you feel like all of them are wrong, and that you are wrong if you choose any of them.;Susan Orlean;truth
Every day I try to do breathing exercises, meditation, and yoga. These things sound awfully cliche, but they help me slow down and try to point to a truth.;David Duchovny;truth
The source of all the material comes from nothingness, illusion is working more on things you can prove. That's the principle, the essence of life, it is actually an illusion, not immaterial. That's worth pursuing. So illusion is not nothing. In a way, that is the truth.;Ang Lee;truth
I think no artist can claim to have any access to the truth, or an authentic version of an event. But obviously they have slightly better means at their disposal because they have their art to energize whatever it is they're trying to write about. They have music.;Thom Yorke;truth
The most powerful element in advertising is the truth.;William Bernbach;truth
Losing an illusion makes you wiser than finding a truth.;Ludwig Borne;truth
I never told a victim story about my imprisonment. Instead, I told a transformation story - about how prison changed my outlook, about how I saw that communication, truth, and trust are at the heart of power.;Fernando Flores;truth
Children say that people are hung sometimes for speaking the truth.;Joan of Arc;truth
Truth in philosophy means that concept and external reality correspond.;Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel;truth
The sad truth is that without complex business partnerships between African elites and European traders and commercial agents, the slave trade to the New World would have been impossible, at least on the scale it occurred.;Henry Louis Gates;truth
The day will come, however, when they will truly know the Unification Church and me. The day will come when the truth will be known and the message of love will be taught. On that day, their regret will be deep.;Sun Myung Moon;truth
He who begins by loving Christianity more than Truth, will proceed by loving his sect or church better than Christianity, and end in loving himself better than all.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;truth
In all science, error precedes the truth, and it is better it should go first than last.;Hugh Walpole;truth
Reclaiming the word 'fat' was the most empowering step in my progress. I stopped using it for insult or degradation and instead replaced it with truth, because the truth is that I am fat, and that's ok. So now when someone calls me fat, I agree, whereas before I would get embarrassed and emotional.;Beth Ditto;truth
Truth is tough. It will not break, like a bubble, at the touch, nay, you may kick it about all day like a football, and it will be round and full at evening.;Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.;truth
I pray God I may never be brought to the melancholy trial but, if ever I should, it will then be known how far I can reduce to practice principles which I know to be founded in truth.;James Otis;truth
Girls are taught to sing high and pretty, like Antony, not low and from the guts like Nina Simone. But we're slowly trying to change that. There are so many things we're not told growing up, and it's our true feminist responsibility to take the truth to the people who need to hear it.;Beth Ditto;truth
A friend said to me, 'Be glad for your troubles - they strengthen you.' Well, if that's the truth, I'm going to be so strong they'll have to beat me to death!;Sonia Johnson;truth
The Assembly has witnessed over the last weeks how historical truth is established once an allegation has been repeated a few times, it is no longer an allegation, it is an established fact, even if no evidence has been brought out in order to support it.;Dag Hammarskjold;truth
In seeking absolute truth we aim at the unattainable and must be content with broken portions.;William Osler;truth
There are, in truth, no specialties in medicine, since to know fully many of the most important diseases a man must be familiar with their manifestations in many organs.;William Osler;truth
I'm not a tough guy. I'm just delivering the truth and only the truth and if you can't deal with it, too bad.;Kevin O'Leary;truth
One is a child when one has a child. No one says, 'You will never be the same again.' Which is the truth! And we're all supposed to be happy all the time. What is that about?;Emma Thompson;truth
I will be as harsh as truth, and uncompromising as justice... I am in earnest, I will not equivocate, I will not excuse, I will not retreat a single inch, and I will be heard.;William Lloyd Garrison;truth
I think Hollywood has a class system. The actors are like the inmates, but the truth is they're running the asylum.;Robert De Niro;truth
All stories should have some honesty and truth in them, otherwise you're just playing about.;Nigel Kneale;truth
The genuine truth, and I do think about this a lot, is that I'm one of the least competitive people you'll ever meet. Except with myself.;Daniel Craig;truth
Some minds remain open long enough for the truth not only to enter but to pass on through by way of a ready exit without pausing anywhere along the route.;Elizabeth Kenny;truth
I know what I like in other actors: truth. That's the best. It makes you say, 'OK, I'll go with you on this.';Daniel Craig;truth
The three-year-old who lies about taking a cookie isn't really a liar after all. He simply can't control his impulses. He then convinces himself of a new truth and, eager for your approval, reports the version that he knows will make you happy.;Cathy Rindner Tempelsman;truth
I perceived how that it was impossible to establish the lay people in any truth except the Scripture were plainly laid before their eyes in their mother tongue.;William Tyndale;truth
People often ask, why aren't you reading about what it is you're working on right now? And the truth is, you only get three pages a night before your eyelids close.;David Petraeus;truth
I am in the present. I cannot know what tomorrow will bring forth. I can know only what the truth is for me today. That is what I am called upon to serve, and I serve it in all lucidity.;Igor Stravinsky;truth
There is nothing so powerful as truth, and often nothing so strange.;Daniel Webster;truth
A lot of journalism wants to have what they call objectivity without them having a commitment to pursuing the truth, but that doesn't work. Objectivity requires belief in and a commitment toward pursuing the truth - having an object outside of our personal point of view.;Nate Silver;truth
The truth is, I don't have any problem with journalists - I count some of them as friends - also some of my heroes are journalists, I'm a big fan of Robert Fisk - great people or crazy people who are prepared to stand up for what's right.;Daniel Craig;truth
I am not politically correct. I am all about the facts, I am all about the truth and I am all about Godly pursuits and what this country was built on, and I am not apologetic about it.;Luke Scott;truth
Everything will line up perfectly when knowing and living the truth becomes more important than looking good.;Alan Cohen;truth
Remember, I come from such an excessively overdone, red-carpet place called Hollywood. So I'm used to people blowing up their success in ways that are far above and beyond the truth.;Shirley MacLaine;truth
My longing for truth was a single prayer.;Edith Stein;truth
To be afraid is to behave as if the truth were not true.;Bayard Rustin;truth
The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out.;Walter Benjamin;truth
Prayer is the spirit speaking truth to Truth.;Philip James Bailey;truth
Only in men's imagination does every truth find an effective and undeniable existence. Imagination, not invention, is the supreme master of art as of life.;Joseph Conrad;truth
Truth of a modest sort I can promise you, and also sincerity. That complete, praiseworthy sincerity which, while it delivers one into the hands of one's enemies, is as likely as not to embroil one with one's friends.;Joseph Conrad;truth
Establishing an equilibrium between the Islam of truth and Islam as an identity is one of the most difficult tasks of religious intellectuals.;Abdolkarim Soroush;truth
A new scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually die, and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it.;Max Planck;truth
A gaffe is when a politician tells the truth.;Michael Kinsley;truth
Truth will rise above falsehood as oil above water.;Miguel de Cervantes;truth
Mom spent the time that she was supposed to be a kid actully raising children, her younger brother and younger sister. She was tough as nails and did not suffer fools at all. And the truth was she could not afford to. She spoke the truth, bluntly, directly, and without much varnish. I am her son.;Chris Christie;truth
If the reporter has killed our imagination with his truth, he threatens our life with his lies.;Karl Kraus;truth
The truth, the absolute truth, is that the chief beauty for the theatre consists in fine bodily proportions.;Sarah Bernhardt;truth
A gaffe in Washington is someone telling the truth, and telling the truth has never hurt me.;Joe Biden;truth
Exactitude is not truth.;Henri Matisse;truth
Pain reaches the heart with electrical speed, but truth moves to the heart as slowly as a glacier.;Barbara Kingsolver;truth
I'm someone who believes the truth needs to be heard. And if I'm empowered with the truth, I'm not going to shut up.;Scott Ritter;truth
This truth is a remedy against spiritual pride, namely, that none should account himself better before God than others, though perhaps adorned with greater gifts, and endowments.;Johann Arndt;truth
I came here to tell you the truth, the good, the bad and the ugly.;Oliver North;truth
Language is the house of the truth of Being.;Martin Heidegger;truth
I don't know much about creative writing programs. But they're not telling the truth if they don't teach, one, that writing is hard work, and, two, that you have to give up a great deal of life, your personal life, to be a writer.;Doris Lessing;truth
Art is nothing but the expression of our dream the more we surrender to it the closer we get to the inner truth of things, our dream-life, the true life that scorns questions and does not see them.;Franz Marc;truth
It is terrible to destroy a person's picture of himself in the interests of truth or some other abstraction.;Doris Lessing;truth
Eternal truth, eternal righteousness, eternal love these only can triumph, for these only can endure.;Joseph Barber Lightfoot;truth
To attempt seeing Truth without knowing Falsehood. It is the attempt to see the Light without knowing the Darkness. It cannot be.;Frank Herbert;truth
People always love and respect characters who speak the truth, even if the truth hurts.;David Duchovny;truth
I've worked for 55 years. I'm going to take a little time off, to tell you the truth. It's just that now in the last couple of weeks, Gelman is pouring it on. 'Farewell to Regis!' It's getting embarrassing.;Regis Philbin;truth
A gift of truth is the gift of love.;David Icke;truth
Argument is meant to reveal the truth, not to create it.;Edward de Bono;truth
Time is the father of truth, its mother is our mind.;Giordano Bruno;truth
If there is one eternal truth of politics, it is that there are always a dozen good reasons for doing nothing.;John le Carre;truth
I'm interested in trying to explore what I think is the truth at a given time in my life, and part of the process of being honest is - in my mind - talking about the idea that you're watching a movie. You're sitting here watching a movie. And I like that. It appeals to me intellectually, and also in a way I can't even explain.;Charlie Kaufman;truth
The word theatre comes from the Greeks. It means the seeing place. It is the place people come to see the truth about life and the social situation.;Stella Adler;truth
What is truth? Truth doesn't really exist. Who is going to judge whether my experience of an incident is more valid than yours? No one can be trusted to be the judge of that.;Tracey Emin;truth
A great truth is a truth whose opposite is also a truth.;Thomas Mann;truth
Well, the truth is that a lot of people lie about their health, they lie about the finances, they lie about things at work, they lie about things.;Laura Schlessinger;truth
Getting rid of a delusion makes us wiser than getting hold of a truth.;Ludwig Borne;truth
The design of Rhetoric is to remove those Prejudices that lie in the way of Truth, to Reduce the Passions to the Government of Reasons to place our Subject in a Right Light, and excite our Hearers to a due consideration of it.;Mary Astell;truth
A petty reason perhaps why novelists more and more try to keep a distance from journalists is that novelists are trying to write the truth and journalists are trying to write fiction.;Graham Greene;truth
Tell the truth and shame the devil.;Francois Rabelais;truth
No human being will ever know the Truth, for even if they happen to say it by chance, they would not even known they had done so.;Xenophanes;truth
Comedy is a way to make sense of chaos. It's a way of dealing with things that are overwhelming, that threaten you it's a way to survive and get closer to the truth.;Laura Linney;truth
There is no man more dangerous, in a position of power, than he who refuses to accept as a working truth the idea that all a man does should make for rightness and soundness, that even the fixing of a tariff rate must be moral.;Ida Tarbell;truth
Light is meaningful only in relation to darkness, and truth presupposes error. It is these mingled opposites which people our life, which make it pungent, intoxicating. We only exist in terms of this conflict, in the zone where black and white clash.;Louis Aragon;truth
I've thought for the last decade or so, the only actual place raw truth was seeping through in newspapers was on the Comics Pages. They were able to pull off intelligent social comment, pure truths not found elsewhere in the news pages, and had the ability to make it all funny, entertaining, and pertinent.;Elayne Boosler;truth
Only the dreamer shall understand realities, though in truth his dreaming must be not out of proportion to his waking.;Margaret Fuller;truth
Whatever feminists may say about their only advocating choices, everyone knows the truth: Feminism regards work outside the home as more elevating, honorable, and personally productive than full-time mothering and making a home.;Dennis Prager;truth
The Apology opened the opportunity for a new relationship based on mutual respect and mutual responsibility between Indigenous and non-Indigenous Australia. Because without mutual respect and mutual responsibility, the truth is we can achieve very little.;Kevin Rudd;truth
Truth is life's most precious commodity.;Edwin Louis Cole;truth
There is one thing even more vital to science than intelligent methods and that is, the sincere desire to find out the truth, whatever it may be.;Charles Pierce;truth
