The history of man is the history of crimes, and history can repeat. So information is a defence. Through this we can build, we must build, a defence against repetition.;Simon Wiesenthal;history
The oppressed peoples can liberate themselves only through struggle. This is a simple and clear truth confirmed by history.;Kim Il-sung;history
I think sometimes I guess you see records, say you want to get there and use that as motivation. In a way, it's kind of cool if there is a possibility to rewrite history and be up there with the greats of Olympic history.;Michael Phelps;history
It is the great sadness of our species that we have not found a way to eliminate the conflict and to eliminate violence as a device to resolve our conflicts throughout the entire history of the human race.;Neale Donald Walsch;history
No country in the history of the world has ever contributed more to humankind and accomplished more for its people in so brief a period of time as Israel has done since its relatively recent rebirth in 1948.;Alan Dershowitz;history
I think the Democrats are catering to them, but, you know, in the entire history of the United States of America, there has never been a judge who has been refused a vote when there was a majority of Senators willing to vote for his confirmation, never in history.;Pat Robertson;history
There are times in history where a particular doctrine becomes a symbol of a greater problem.;Pat Robertson;history
Is there in all the history of human folly a greater fool than a clergymen in politics?;Pat Robertson;history
I'm a person that just likes to speak the truth, and I don't understand why in America it's such a big deal that we won't read the Koran and we won't look at history.;Pat Robertson;history
To study history means submitting to chaos and nevertheless retaining faith in order and meaning.;Hermann Hesse;history
But when one believes that you've been appointed by God for a particular mission in history, you have to be very careful about that, how you speak about that. Where is the self-reflection in that? Where is the humility in that?;Jim Wallis;history
I believe that history has shape, order, and meaning that exceptional men, as much as economic forces, produce change and that passe abstractions like beauty, nobility, and greatness have a shifting but continuing validity.;Camille Paglia;history
All objects, all phases of culture are alive. They have voices. They speak of their history and interrelatedness. And they are all talking at once!;Camille Paglia;history
American policy seems to be wed to a perpetual state of war. Why? History shows that the world will always be in flux or turmoil, with different peoples competing for visibility and power. The U.S. cannot fix the fate of every nation.;Camille Paglia;history
My generation of bossy, confident, baby-boom women were something brand new in history. Our energy and assertiveness weren't created by Betty Friedan, unknown before her 1963 book, or by Gloria Steinem, whose political activism, as even the Lifetime profile admitted, did not begin until 1969.;Camille Paglia;history
Our liberal, New York/Washington-based media would never in a million years put Liberal Godfather Ted Kennedy on the spot about his clan's bad behavior, to whose lurid history he himself has contributed so much.;Camille Paglia;history
I did a book in 1996, an overview of black history. In that process I became more aware of a lot of the black inventors of the 19th century.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;history
This is what I would have done if I had to have a real job: I would have been a history teacher.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;history
Among famous traitors of history one might mention the weather.;Ilka Chase;history
Literature is the expression of a feeling of deprivation, a recourse against a sense of something missing. But the contrary is also true: language is what makes us human. It is a recourse against the meaningless noise and silence of nature and history.;Octavio Paz;history
My argument is that War makes rattling good history but Peace is poor reading.;Thomas Hardy;history
I thought that all of the sacrifices and blessings of the whole history of mankind have devolved upon me. Thank you, God.;Ben Stein;history
To provide meaningful architecture is not to parody history but to articulate it.;Daniel Libeskind;history
If Jesus Christ was who He claimed to be, and He did die on a cross at a point of time in history, then, for all history past and all history future it is relevant because that is the very focal point for forgiveness and redemption.;Josh McDowell;history
My sense of the family history is somewhat sketchy, because my mother kept a great deal to herself.;Julie Andrews;history
Legend remains victorious in spite of history.;Sarah Bernhardt;history
I was reading a book... 'the history of glue' - I couldn't put it down.;Tim Vine;history
Then I despair... I remember that all through history, the way of truth and love has always won. There have been murderers and tyrants, and for a time they can seem invincible. But in the end they always fall. Think of it always.;Andre Malraux;history
Barack Obama is one of the greatest politicians in American history.;John Podhoretz;history
But every historical statement and legitimization itself moves within a certain relation to history.;Martin Heidegger;history
Dorothy is the only woman in history who has had her menopause in public and made it pay.;Alice Roosevelt Longworth;history
What has made America amazing has been the fact that throughout our history, throughout the more than 200 years of our history, there have been men and women of courage who stood up and decided it was more important to look out for the future of their children and their grandchildren than their own political futures.;Scott Walker;history
The nation is faced with one of the most corporate-orientated anti-consumer Congresses in our history.;Ralph Nader;history
We can't understand when we're pregnant, or when our siblings are expecting, how profound it is to have a shared history with a younger generation: blood, genes, humor. It means we were actually here, on Earth, for a time - like the Egyptians with their pyramids, only with children.;Anne Lamott;history
My father and I made genetics history. We were the first African-Americans and the first father and son anywhere to have their genomes sequenced.;Henry Louis Gates;history
So many people of color who made major contributions to American history have been trapped in the purgatory of history.;Henry Louis Gates;history
America is the greatest nation ever founded. The ideals are the greatest ever espoused in human history, and we just need the country to live up to them. But what I worry about are the 1 million black men in the prison system.;Henry Louis Gates;history
What people forget is that the most radical thing about Obama is that he was the first black man in history to imagine that he could become president, who was able to make other Americans believe it as well. Other than that, he is a centrist, just like I try to be. He's been bridging divisions his whole life.;Henry Louis Gates;history
Wherever you go in the history of America, there have been Black people making contributions, but their contributions have been obscured, lost, buried.;Henry Louis Gates;history
History is the interpretation of the significance that the past has for us.;Johan Huizinga;history
In history as in human life, regret does not bring back a lost moment and a thousand years will not recover something lost in a single hour.;Stefan Zweig;history
When you say things like, 'We have to wipe out the Taliban,' what does that mean? The Taliban is not a fixed number of people. The Taliban is an ideology that has sprung out of a history that, you know, America created anyway.;Arundhati Roy;history
Those who invoke history will certainly be heard by history. And they will have to accept its verdict.;Dag Hammarskjold;history
Destiny is something not be to desired and not to be avoided. a mystery not contrary to reason, for it implies that the world, and the course of human history, have meaning.;Dag Hammarskjold;history
The history of philosophy is not, like the history of the sciences, to be studied with the intellect alone. That which is receptive in us and that which impinges upon us from history is the reality of man's being, unfolding itself in thought.;Karl Jaspers;history
The possibility of a scientific treatment of history means a wider experience, a greater maturity of practical reason, and finally a fuller realization of certain basic ideas regarding the nature of life and time.;Muhammad Iqbal;history
It is in the very nature of things human that every act that has once made its appearance and has been recorded in the history of mankind stays with mankind as a potentiality long after its actuality has become a thing of the past.;Hannah Arendt;history
History shows that when the church accommodates culture, it weakens it.;Rick Warren;history
There is a spirit and a need and a man at the beginning of every great human advance. Every one of these must be right for that particular moment of history, or nothing happens.;Coretta Scott King;history
Hollywood has a history of raising expectations beyond Washington's reach, of appealing to the very American desire to mythologize political leaders, particularly the president.;Ron Fournier;history
In the tumult of men and events, solitude was my temptation now it is my friend. What other satisfaction can be sought once you have confronted History?;Charles de Gaulle;history
Through all of history mankind has ingested psychedelic substances. Those substances exist to put you in touch with spirits beyond yourself, with the creator, with the creative impulse of the planet.;Ray Manzarek;history
I am fascinated by history and particularly the Victorian era.;Annie Lennox;history
Love is more pleasant than marriage for the same reason that novels are more amusing than history.;Nicolas Chamfort;history
I love places that have an incredible history. I love the Italian way of life. I love the food. I love the people. I love the attitudes of Italians.;Elton John;history
After the Berlin Wall came down I visited that city and I will never forget it. The abandoned checkpoints. The sense of excitement about the future. The knowledge that a great continent was coming together. Healing those wounds of our history is the central story of the European Union.;David Cameron;history
From Caesar's legions to the Napoleonic wars. From the Reformation, the Enlightenment and the industrial revolution to the defeat of nazism. We have helped to write European history, and Europe has helped write ours.;David Cameron;history
The biggest danger to the European Union comes not from those who advocate change, but from those who denounce new thinking as heresy. In its long history Europe has experience of heretics who turned out to have a point.;David Cameron;history
A study of the history of opinion is a necessary preliminary to the emancipation of the mind.;John Maynard Keynes;history
History is little more than the register of the crimes, follies, and misfortunes of mankind.;Edward Gibbon;history
Robots have a rich and storied history in movies.;John Podhoretz;history
Nixon in 1968, unlike Obama 2008, was elected as a minority president with only 43 percent of the vote. Yet, in 1972, he won what, in some measures, was the most lopsided election in American history with 61 percent.;John Podhoretz;history
Obama has seen to the passage of the most radical legislation in recent American history and so-called 'progressives' should be thanking him for it - even as many of the rest of us rear in horror from its implications.;John Podhoretz;history
Barack Obama is the most famous living person in the history of the world.;Dee Dee Myers;history
There are certain moments in the history of a nation when the choices made define the decades to come.;Georgios A. Papandreou;history
At times, we were forced to go through a history of dependence, unable to determine our own destiny. But today, we are at the threshold of a new turning point.;Roh Moo-hyun;history
Our national history has so often filled us with bitterness and the feeling of helplessness.;Lech Walesa;history
The becoming of man is the history of the exhaustion of his possibilities.;Susan Sontag;history
September 11 was terrible but, if one goes back over the history of the IRA, what happened to the Americans wasn't that terrible.;Doris Lessing;history
I'm a history nut.;Billy Joel;history
When the rose and the cross are united the alchemical marriage is complete and the drama ends. Then we wake from history and enter eternity.;Robert Anton Wilson;history
I do have to say that I think that President Obama is the greatest President in the history of all of our Presidents, and that he can do no wrong in my book. So how's that for prejudice on the Democratic side?;Denis Leary;history
I do consider myself part of black history.;Mary J. Blige;history
The United States is the only power in history that became great by giving and not by taking. I think the crisis was when the United States had more money than ideas. Money doesn't produce money. Ideas produce money.;Shimon Peres;history
Having bought furniture for my own house, and bought furniture for our house in Washington, a furniture store seemed like a good idea, and it also played into my personal history.;Elizabeth Edwards;history
Man's naked form belongs to no particular moment in history it is eternal, and can be looked upon with joy by the people of all ages.;Auguste Rodin;history
The kitchen's a laboratory, and everything that happens there has to do with science. It's biology, chemistry, physics. Yes, there's history. Yes, there's artistry. Yes, to all of that. But what happened there, what actually happens to the food is all science.;Alton Brown;history
World history is a court of judgment.;Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel;history
Very few conflicts in the history of the world have been satisfactorily concluded according to a published timetable, because you lose all flexibility in dealing with your opponents.;William Hague;history
Skepticism has never founded empires, established principals, or changed the world's heart. The great doers in history have always been people of faith.;Edwin Hubbel Chapin;history
I learned more from my mother than from all the art historians and curators who have informed me about technical aspects of art history and art appreciation over the years.;David Rockefeller;history
History is the science of things which are not repeated.;Paul Valery;history
The history of thought may be summed up in these words: it is absurd by what it seeks and great by what it finds.;Paul Valery;history
Nigeria has had a complicated colonial history. My work has examined that part of our story extensively.;Chinua Achebe;history
Young women today often have very little appreciation for the real battles that took place to get women where they are today in this country. I don't know how much history young women today know about those battles.;Sandra Day O'Connor;history
Sometimes history takes things into its own hands.;Thurgood Marshall;history
We have our own history, our own language, our own culture. But our destiny is also tied up with the destinies of other people - history has made us all South Africans.;Mangosuthu Buthelezi;history
I know the history of the record business so well because I followed Billie Holiday into the record studios. It was so primitive compared to the sophisticated business today.;Tony Bennett;history
Yes, they broke the law, but we can't deport them. Let's get over this pointing fingers and do something about that, whether it - they have to pay a fine, learn to speak English, the history, you can do that. And then you have to give visas for the skills we need.;Michael Bloomberg;history
I'm really interested in modern history, but to fulfill a History degree at Brown you have to do modern and pre-modern.;Emma Watson;history
The positive testimony of history is that the State invariably had its origin in conquest and confiscation. No primitive State known to history originated in any other manner.;Albert J. Nock;history
The long-established and noble rule of Law, one of the greatest products of the character and tradition of British history, has suffered a deadly blow. Blackmail has become respectable.;Robert Menzies;history
You're going to relegate my history to a month.;Morgan Freeman;history
But look, I was born in 1956, the peak year for births in US history. I think I'm very representative of many of the thought processes my generation have been through and, by and large, people of my age have had their imprint planted on the consciousness of western society for a long time.;Tom Hanks;history
I think feminists are unaware of the tremendous extent of the role of women in history.;Vivienne Westwood;history
I don't have space to enter into the examples or the history of this, so I'm left with having to make the bold statement that culture is extinct.;Vivienne Westwood;history
In history people dressed much better than we do today.;Vivienne Westwood;history
It's in the history books, the Holocaust. It's just a phrase. And the truth is it happened yesterday. It happened to my mother. I never met my grandmothers or my grandfathers. They were all wiped up in the gas chambers of Nazi Germany.;Gene Simmons;history
My face has changed with the years and has enough history in it to give audiences something to work with.;Jeanne Moreau;history
