Mother is the name for God in the lips and hearts of little children.;William Makepeace Thackeray;god
Thanksgiving is a time when the world gets to see just how blessed and how workable the Christian system is. The emphasis is not on giving or buying, but on being thankful and expressing that appreciation to God and to one another.;John Clayton;god
God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers.;Rudyard Kipling;god
God helps those who help themselves.;Benjamin Franklin;god
Let us raise a standard to which the wise and honest can repair the rest is in the hands of God.;George Washington;god
Suicide is man's way of telling God, 'You can't fire me - I quit.';Bill Maher;god
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.;Galileo Galilei;god
God enters by a private door into every individual.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;god
There was my name up in lights. I said, 'God, somebody's made a mistake.' But there it was, in lights. And I sat there and said, 'Remember, you're not a star.' Yet there it was up in lights.;Marilyn Monroe;god
Is life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death!;Patrick Henry;god
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.;Desmond Tutu;god
God is a concept by which we measure our pain.;John Lennon;god
Where can we go to find God if we cannot see Him in our own hearts and in every living being.;Swami Vivekananda;god
When his life was ruined, his family killed, his farm destroyed, Job knelt down on the ground and yelled up to the heavens, 'Why god? Why me?' and the thundering voice of God answered, 'There's just something about you that pisses me off.';Stephen King;god
If you have men who will exclude any of God's creatures from the shelter of compassion and pity, you will have men who will deal likewise with their fellow men.;Francis of Assisi;god
A man is a god in ruins. When men are innocent, life shall be longer, and shall pass into the immortal, as gently as we awake from dreams.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;god
Pray as though everything depended on God. Work as though everything depended on you.;Saint Augustine;god
God works wonders now and then Behold a lawyer, an honest man.;Benjamin Franklin;god
Today I love myself as I love my god: who could charge me with a sin today? I know only sins against my god but who knows my god?;Friedrich Nietzsche;god
We consider Christmas as the encounter, the great encounter, the historical encounter, the decisive encounter, between God and mankind. He who has faith knows this truly let him rejoice.;Pope Paul VI;god
Whosoever is delighted in solitude is either a wild beast or a god.;Aristotle;god
Part of me suspects that I'm a loser, and the other part of me thinks I'm God Almighty.;John Lennon;god
Only God Himself fully appreciates the influence of a Christian mother in the molding of character in her children.;Billy Graham;god
All men are by nature equal, made all of the same earth by one Workman and however we deceive ourselves, as dear unto God is the poor peasant as the mighty prince.;Plato;god
He who is unable to live in society, or who has no need because he is sufficient for himself, must be either a beast or a god.;Aristotle;god
I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time.;Friedrich Nietzsche;god
There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God.;Bill Cosby;god
He didn't come out of my belly, but my God, I've made his bones, because I've attended to every meal, and how he sleeps, and the fact that he swims like a fish because I took him to the ocean. I'm so proud of all those things. But he is my biggest pride.;John Lennon;god
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you.;Alan Watts;god
The just is close to the people's heart, but the merciful is close to the heart of God.;Khalil Gibran;god
It's a struggle for every young Black man. You know how it is, only God can judge us.;Tupac Shakur;god
Woman was God's second mistake.;Friedrich Nietzsche;god
The highest revelation is that God is in every man.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;god
Disappointment is inevitable. But to become discouraged, there's a choice I make. God would never discourage me. He would always point me to himself to trust him. Therefore, my discouragement is from Satan. As you go through the emotions that we have, hostility is not from God, bitterness, unforgiveness, all of these are attacks from Satan.;Charles Stanley;god
We see God face to face every hour, and know the savor of Nature.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;god
Heaven means to be one with God.;Confucius;god
Pray, and let God worry.;Martin Luther;god
Power always thinks... that it is doing God's service when it is violating all his laws.;John Adams;god
A subject for a great poet would be God's boredom after the seventh day of creation.;Friedrich Nietzsche;god
God screens us evermore from premature ideas.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;god
There is no chance and anarchy in the universe. All is system and gradation. Every god is there sitting in his sphere.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;god
God is a comedian, playing to an audience too afraid to laugh.;Voltaire;god
Is man one of God's blunders? Or is God one of man's blunders?;Friedrich Nietzsche;god
I have been all things unholy. If God can work through me, he can work through anyone.;Francis of Assisi;god
And God help Bruce Springsteen when they decide he's no longer God... They'll turn on him, and I hope he survives it.;John Lennon;god
God is not present in idols. Your feelings are your god. The soul is your temple.;Chanakya;god
Dear God, Please send to me the spirit of Your peace. Then send, dear Lord, the spirit of peace from me to all the world. Amen.;Marianne Williamson;god
I've been saying for a couple of years now that people need to let God out of the Sunday morning box, that He doesn't want to just be with you for an hour or two on Sunday morning and then put back in His box to sit there until you have an emergency, but He wants to invade your Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.;Joyce Meyer;god
When I was playing before I retired, I never really understood the appreciation and the respect that people gave me. People had treated me like a god or something, and that was very embarrassing.;Michael Jordan;god
God is a thought who makes crooked all that is straight.;Friedrich Nietzsche;god
It's God's will for you to live in prosperity instead of poverty. It's God's will for you to pay your bills and not be in debt.;Joel Osteen;god
Thank God men cannot fly, and lay waste the sky as well as the earth.;Henry David Thoreau;god
God will not look you over for medals degrees or diplomas, but for scars.;Elbert Hubbard;god
But what we can do, as flawed as we are, is still see God in other people, and do our best to help them find their own grace. That's what I strive to do, that's what I pray to do every day.;Barack Obama;god
There cannot be a God because if there were one, I could not believe that I was not He.;Friedrich Nietzsche;god
I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do, because I notice it always coincides with their own desires.;Susan B. Anthony;god
I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.;Walt Whitman;god
I would believe only in a God that knows how to Dance.;Friedrich Nietzsche;god
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present.;Joan Rivers;god
As different streams having different sources all mingle their waters in the sea, so different tendencies, various though they appear, crooked or straight, all lead to God.;Swami Vivekananda;god
I am still far from being what I want to be, but with God's help I shall succeed.;Vincent Van Gogh;god
You may make some mistakes - but that doesn't make you a sinner. You've got the very nature of God on the inside of you.;Joel Osteen;god
The great gift of Easter is hope - Christian hope which makes us have that confidence in God, in his ultimate triumph, and in his goodness and love, which nothing can shake.;Basil Hume;god
The abdomen is the reason why man does not readily take himself to be a god.;Friedrich Nietzsche;god
If God can work through me, he can work through anyone.;Francis of Assisi;god
I'm going to let God be the judge of who goes to heaven and hell.;Joel Osteen;god
Once spirit was God, then it became man, and now it is even becoming mob.;Friedrich Nietzsche;god
God writes the Gospel not in the Bible alone, but also on trees, and in the flowers and clouds and stars.;Martin Luther;god
God wants us to prosper financially, to have plenty of money, to fulfill the destiny He has laid out for us.;Joel Osteen;god
Faith is a living, daring confidence in God's grace, so sure and certain that a man could stake his life on it a thousand times.;Martin Luther;god
But suppose God is black? What if we go to Heaven and we, all our lives, have treated the Negro as an inferior, and God is there, and we look up and He is not white? What then is our response?;Robert Kennedy;god
The best place to find God is in a garden. You can dig for him there.;George Bernard Shaw;god
To love another person is to see the face of God.;Victor Hugo;god
What is human warfare but just this an effort to make the laws of God and nature take sides with one party.;Henry David Thoreau;god
God reigns when we take a liberal view, when a liberal view is presented to us.;Henry David Thoreau;god
I'm an atheist and I thank God for it.;George Bernard Shaw;god
Next to the Word of God, the noble art of music is the greatest treasure in the world.;Martin Luther;god
All men are born with a nose and ten fingers, but no one was born with a knowledge of God.;Voltaire;god
The end of life is to be like God, and the soul following God will be like Him.;Socrates;god
God is to be worshipped as the one beloved, dearer than everything in this and next life.;Swami Vivekananda;god
I am at peace with God. My conflict is with Man.;Charlie Chaplin;god
Only God can look at somebody's heart.;Joel Osteen;god
Stupidity is also a gift of God, but one mustn't misuse it.;Pope John Paul II;god
If you believe in God, believe in Death Row East.;Tupac Shakur;god
Gray hair is God's graffiti.;Bill Cosby;god
All the laws and legislation in the world will never heal this world like the loving hearts and arms of mothers and fathers. If every child could drift to sleep feeling wrapped in the love of their family - and God's love - this world would be a far more gentle and better place.;Mitt Romney;god
I'm not the judge. You know, God didn't tell me to go around judging everybody.;Joel Osteen;god
If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.;Woody Allen;god
If you suffer, thank God! It is a sure sign that you are alive.;Elbert Hubbard;god
Belief in a cruel God makes a cruel man.;Thomas Paine;god
Ah, mon cher, for anyone who is alone, without God and without a master, the weight of days is dreadful.;Albert Camus;god
You can safely assume that you've created God in your own image when it turns out that God hates all the same people you do.;Anne Lamott;god
The highest reward that God gives us for good work is the ability to do better work.;Elbert Hubbard;god
By reading the scriptures I am so renewed that all nature seems renewed around me and with me. The sky seems to be a pure, a cooler blue, the trees a deeper green. The whole world is charged with the glory of God and I feel fire and music under my feet.;Thomas Merton;god
God has cared for these trees, saved them from drought, disease, avalanches, and a thousand tempests and floods. But he cannot save them from fools.;John Muir;god
Reputation is what men and women think of us character is what God and angels know of us.;Thomas Paine;god
It is possible to become discouraged about the injustice we see everywhere. But God did not promise us that the world would be humane and just. He gives us the gift of life and allows us to choose the way we will use our limited time on earth. It is an awesome opportunity.;Cesar Chavez;god
Eskimo: 'If I did not know about God and sin, would I go to hell?' Priest: 'No, not if you did not know.' Eskimo: 'Then why did you tell me?';Annie Dillard;god
As a child of God, I am greater than anything that can happen to me.;Abdul Kalam;god
