This Bible is for the government of the people, by the people and for the people.;John Wycliffe;government
One of the essential elements of government responsibility is to communicate effectively to the American people, especially in time of a potential terrorist attack or a natural disaster.;Vito Fossella;government
All's the government should do is keep the taxes and regulations at a manageable rate, keep a decent standing army and get out of the way.;Adam Carolla;government
Government does not have a revenue problem government has a spending problem. Government does not have a revenue problem government has a priority problem. It is time that we begin to fine tune our focus and decide what the priority of government ought to be.;Marsha Blackburn;government
Freedom only for the members of the government, only for the members of the Party - though they are quite numerous - is no freedom at all.;Rosa Luxemburg;government
Journalists should denounce government by public opinion polls.;Dan Rather;government
Well, I'm a libertarian conservative, so I believe in limited government/maximum individual freedom.;John Bolton;government
If I was afraid of being killed, I would never speak out against the government.;Aung San Suu Kyi;government
My opinion is the greatest reward that any government could get is the approval of the people. If the people are happy and the people are at peace and the government has done something for them, that's the greatest reward I think any government could hope for.;Aung San Suu Kyi;government
Criticism of government finds sanctuary in several portions of the 1st Amendment. It is part of the right of free speech. It embraces freedom of the press.;Hugo Black;government
The Declaration of Independence says when government fails, the people have the right to replace it. Well, New York State government has failed and the people have the right, indeed the people have the the people have the obligation, to act.;Andrew Cuomo;government
The essential job of government is to facilitate, not frustrate, job development.;Andrew Cuomo;government
I'm in politics. I'm in government, so nothing surprises me.;Andrew Cuomo;government
I don't know people who don't say, boy the government is working better now.;Andrew Cuomo;government
I was elected to come to an incredibly dysfunctional capital and make the government work better, and that's what I'm doing.;Andrew Cuomo;government
If somebody invented cigarettes today, the government would not legalize them.;Loni Anderson;government
Our Founding Fathers crafted a constitutional Republic for the first time in the history of the world because they were shaping a form of government that would not have the failures of a democracy in it, but had the representation of democracy in it.;Steve King;government
It's dismaying to see the unilateralism that the government is doing.;Edward Norton;government
I almost forgot what it's like to be proud of my government.;Edward Norton;government
So you can say, 'Get Big Government out of here, and don't tell me what to eat,' but when kids are going to school, and they're being fed junk, we're pretty much telling them what to eat, and we're telling them junk is OK.;Tom Colicchio;government
And on the other hand, we see that the Israeli government is attacking that part of the Palestinian leader.;Rafik Hariri;government
We're adults. We're the ones who should teach the kids what's good to eat. I don't think the government should ever regulate what we eat at home, but we're feeding them in school with tax dollars. Quite frankly, if my tax dollars are being spent to feed kids, I'd rather feed them better food.;Tom Colicchio;government
The growth of modern constitutional government compels for its successful practice the exercise of reason and considerate judgment by the individual citizens who constitute the electorate.;Elihu Root;government
My house was bugged. They couldn't find any information on me being a subversive because I happen to love America I just don't like some of the things the government is doing.;Eartha Kitt;government
If it is wrong for you to take money from someone else who earned it, to take their money by force for your own needs, then it is certainly just as wrong for you to demand that the government step forward and do this dirty work for you.;Neal Boortz;government
We cannot improve on the system of government handed down to us by the founders of the Republic. There is no way to improve upon that. But what we can do is to find new ways to implement that system and realize our destiny.;Barbara Jordan;government
What we have to do is strike a balance between the idea that government should do everything and the idea, the belief, that government ought to do nothing. Strike a balance.;Barbara Jordan;government
Let's just do what is right for the American people. And those of us who are involved in politics and government know that our responsibility is to the American people, that we have a responsibility to find our common ground, to seek it and to find it.;Nancy Pelosi;government
If you have a government that is elected, they need to do the hard work - because if they don't, they won't be around the next time the ballot box is open.;King Abdullah II;government
It's not good for government to tell people that the world owes them a living and that things are free.;William Weld;government
Every dollar I can't commit to my company that's paid in taxes is paying a government that I believe is too big and doing way too much that I don't want done.;Curt Schilling;government
I was pretty much the government's poster boy for what I had done.;Kevin Mitnick;government
I don't have any problem with government helping entrepreneurs and businesses.;Curt Schilling;government
No way, no how did I break into NORAD. That's a complete myth. And I never attempted to access anything considered to be classified government systems.;Kevin Mitnick;government
Criticism in a time of war is essential to the maintenance of any kind of democratic government.;Robert Taft;government
For over 30 years, the IRA showed that the British government could not rule Ireland on its own terms.;Gerry Adams;government
As President Bush has said on numerous occasions, it is the government's role to create the conditions, the friendly environment, that will attract capital.;Donald Evans;government
I'm a very brave person. I can go to North Vietnam, I can challenge my government, but I can't challenge the man I'm with if means I'm going to end up alone.;Jane Fonda;government
My view is that good community management is like having good municipal government: You should be able to have dissenting opinions and so on, freedom of speech, but your grandmother should also be able to walk down the street at night without having to worry about getting mugged.;Jimmy Wales;government
There's something fundamentally wrong with a system where there's been 17 years of a Tory Government and the people of Scotland have voted Socialist for 17 years. That hardly seems democratic.;Sean Connery;government
The government I led gave ordinary people peace, security, dignity, and opportunity to progress.;Benazir Bhutto;government
In the book I define conservatism, as I believe it is fit upon four categories of principle: respect for The Constitution, respect for life, less government, and personal responsibility.;Jonathan Krohn;government
Now, I learned soon enough, that among the three, two don't trust the third one - the third one is the government. Both industry and unions feel the government is a talking organization and a spending organization.;Shimon Peres;government
Two hundred years ago, our Founding Fathers gave us a democracy. It was based upon the simple, yet noble, idea that government derives its validity from the consent of the governed.;Paul Tsongas;government
Today is a celebration of hope for the Iraqi people. The Iraqi people can now take control of their government and their future by creating a society that protects the rights endowed to us by our creator - life, liberty and freedom.;Jim DeMint;government
Motorists who want to save money on gas will demand and buy more fuel-efficient vehicles. We should not limit their freedom with more government regulations.;Jim DeMint;government
I think people are confused about what the Tea Party is. I mean, they were a broad cross-section of Americans who came together concerned about our debt and our spending. And they're interested in constitutional, limited government. And so they're not one group of people. They're thousands of small groups all over the country.;Jim DeMint;government
You've got the Democratic Party that now depends on more government spending and actual building the dependence on government in order to increase their political party.;Jim DeMint;government
Pretty much at all times music motivates me. How can I say this without sounding in any way proud of myself? Obviously I've always written songs that are critical of our government, and talk about our times. Hopefully you attempt to be timeless while doing it.;Eddie Vedder;government
The government of Israel doesn't like the kinds of things I say, which puts them into the same category as every other government in the world.;Noam Chomsky;government
If you want the government off your back, get your hands out of its pockets.;Gary Hart;government
Christmas is a time when kids tell Santa what they want and adults pay for it. Deficits are when adults tell the government what they want - and their kids pay for it.;Richard Lamm;government
As an artist I have an even more abiding interest in the compact between the Arts and Government.;Theodore Bikel;government
We don't walk. We overeat because we've made it easy to overeat. We have fast-food joints on every corner. By the way, the 'we' is all of us. It's not the government. It's all of us doing this together.;Mehmet Oz;government
I don't consider Americans bullies, but I do consider the American government bullying.;George Michael;government
Above all we should not forget that government is an evil, a usurpation upon the private judgement and individual conscience of mankind.;William Godwin;government
The dangers of a concentration of all power in the general government of a confederacy so vast as ours are too obvious to be disregarded.;Franklin Pierce;government
Back in 1983, the United States government approved the release of the first genetically modified organism. In this case, it was a bacteria that prevents frost on food crops.;Jeremy Rifkin;government
I feel an independent accountability commission should audit all government services.;Imran Khan;government
We have to attack those things which stand in the way of America progress. And what stands in the way of American progress right now is the federal government.;Tim Scott;government
Pakistan needs to have decentralisation and a good local government system.;Imran Khan;government
There are good people and bad people in all organizations fundamentally however, when you look at the basis of the Tea Party it has nothing to do with race. It has to do with an economic recovery. It has to do with limiting the role of our government in our lives. It has to do with free markets.;Tim Scott;government
The Government and the Parliament, even the House of Lords, will consent to a large increase of electors and men who have not considered the subject fully will imagine they have gained much by the concession.;John Bright;government
I think, though, if I had to look at the role of government and what it does in people's lives, I see the EEOC as having much more legitimacy than the others, if properly run.;Clarence Thomas;government
Americans need never fear their government because of the advantage of being armed, which the Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation.;Gouverneur Morris;government
The labour movement had the best opportunity in 50 years to transform not merely an industrial situation and win an important battle for workers in struggle, but an opportunity to change the government of the day.;Arthur Scargill;government
Americans accept that gangsters are running the government.;Tim Robbins;government
Today it is not big business that we have to fear. It is big government.;Wendell Phillips;government
My government will be open. Anyone found guilty of corruption will be dealt with in accordance with the law. If you are corrupt you will have to hang your boots.;George Weah;government
Are we still a country that takes risks, that innovates, that believes anything is possible? Or are we a country that is resigned to whatever liberty the government decides to dish out?;Mitch McConnell;government
When decisions on nuclear power stations and runways are delayed and the government dilly-dallies, people think they aren't important.;James Dyson;government
Engineering undergraduates should not be charged fees. They should receive grants, not student loans, and the government will get the money back long-term from increased exports.;James Dyson;government
You can't fall back on the private sector and say, 'You take care of the nation's banking system.' That's a fundamental function of the government, the Federal Reserve, the Treasury and the FDIC, etc. All of those agencies have a major role to play there.;Dick Cheney;government
In the Pentagon Papers case, the government asserted in the Supreme Court that the publication of the material was a threat to national security. It turned out it was not a threat to U.S. security. But even if it had been, that doesn't mean that it couldn't be published.;Alan Dershowitz;government
We all learn in school that the judicial, legislative and executive branches of government must check and balance each other. But other non state institutions must participate in this important system of checks and balances as well. These checking institutions include the academy, the media, religious institutions and NGOs.;Alan Dershowitz;government
Among the weeds choking out growth and good government are the hundreds of boards, commissions, and advisory committees that have sprouted over the years. They devour time, money, and energy far beyond any real contribution they make.;Mitch Daniels;government
The federal government now spends one of every four dollars in the entire economy. It borrows one of every three dollars it spends. No nation, no entity, large or small, public or private, can thrive, or survive intact, with debts as huge as ours.;Mitch Daniels;government
We are all in this together. We want to have, I suppose, a single point of entry so that anyone coming near a disability service can get a very complete picture. Government needs to understand that picture, and we need to be able to offer somebody a one-stop shop.;Jay Weatherill;government
Watergate provides a model case study of the interaction and powers of each of the branches of government. It also is a morality play with a sad and dramatic ending.;Bob Woodward;government
All the measures of the Government are directed to the purpose of making the rich richer and the poor poorer.;William Henry Harrison;government
The number of illegal activities were so large that one was bound to come out and lead to the uncovering of the others. Nixon was too willing to use the power of government to settle scores and get even with enemies.;Bob Woodward;government
We say to the British government: you have kept those sculptures for almost two centuries. You have cared for them as well as you could, for which we thank you. But now in the name of fairness and morality, please give them back.;Melina Mercouri;government
Using these unnamed sources, if done properly, carefully and fairly, provides more accountability in government.;Bob Woodward;government
I'm very, very concerned about the Bush presidency. I'm worried about the kinds of cuts in domestic programs that mean something to a lot of people, including members of my family, who depend on certain things from the government.;Sarah Jessica Parker;government
Anyone who saw Nagasaki would suddenly realize that they'd been kept in the dark by the United States government as to what atomic bombs can do.;Lawrence Ferlinghetti;government
Many health care providers, particularly physicians in rural and urban areas, are leaving the Government programs because of inadequate reimbursement rates.;Ron Wyden;government
I was criticized at some level within the Republican Party by those who say government should not be in the economic development business at all. My response is that the only country I know that doesn't have an economic development plan is Papa New Guinea.;Jon Huntsman, Jr.;government
It is unclear exactly how many law enforcement agencies are currently using this capability, but it is reasonable to say that while resource limitations used to discourage the government from tracking you without a good reason, these constraints have largely disappeared.;Ron Wyden;government
If the government fails to listen to your demands, then you will decide what is best for you.;Muqtada al Sadr;government
If it does not serve the Iraqi people, there are only political means that must be followed to reform the government - a new government that we must give a chance to prove that it is there to serve the people.;Muqtada al Sadr;government
I think the American people have become more reliant upon government and less reliant upon themselves and that they now tend to put security ahead of freedom, but I think freedom is the most important aspect of our lives.;Lyn Nofziger;government
Open the way before the new government to prove that it is for serving the people.;Muqtada al Sadr;government
We must not tolerate oppressive government or industrial oligarchy in the form of monopolies and cartels.;Henry A. Wallace;government
The U.S. will ignore the opinion of the Iraqi people and it will compose the new government according to its own desires.;Muqtada al Sadr;government
I'm interested in the human impact of the giant foot of misplaced government. After all, we encounter it every day.;Dave Eggers;government
I don't want the chair of the government because it will be controlled by the U.S. and I don't want to be controlled by the U.S.;Muqtada al Sadr;government
Acquire a government over your ideas, that they may come down when they are called, and depart when they are bidden.;Isaac Watts;government
I believe the government of the United States should re-examine its policies in the Middle East and adopt a more balanced stance toward the Palestinian cause.;Al-Waleed bin Talal;government
We need the private sector to create jobs. If the government could create jobs Communism would have worked, but it didn't.;Tim Scott;government
