All those vitamins aren't to keep death at bay, they're to keep deterioration at bay.;Jeanne Moreau;death
No one else can take risks for us, or face our losses on our behalf, or give us self-esteem. No one can spare us from life's slings and arrows, and when death comes, we meet it alone.;Martha Beck;death
My mortal foe can no ways wish me a greater harm than England's hate neither should death be less welcome unto me than such a mishap betide me.;Elizabeth I;death
The meaning of life is not to be discovered only after death in some hidden, mysterious realm on the contrary, it can be found by eating the succulent fruit of the Tree of Life and by living in the here and now as fully and creatively as we can.;Paul Kurtz;death
Death is not more certainly a separation of our souls from our bodies than the Christian life is a separation of our souls from worldly tempers, vain indulgences, and unnecessary cares.;William Law;death
I don't think kids have a problem with death. It's us older ones who are nearer to it, that start being frightened.;Helena Bonham Carter;death
The great fear that hung over the business community in the 1970s was death by regulation, and the great goal of the conservative movement, as it rose to triumph in the 1980s, was to remove that threat - to keep OSHA, the EPA, and the FTC from choking off entrepreneurship with their infernal meddling in the marketplace.;Thomas Frank;death
Life is doubt, and faith without doubt is nothing but death.;Miguel de Unamuno;death
The death of Pope John Paul II led many of different faiths and of no faith to acknowledge their debt to the Roman Catholic Church for holding on to absolutes that the rest of us can measure ourselves against.;Suzanne Fields;death
You don't have people chanting 'Death to America' in Israel.;Benjamin Netanyahu;death
The earth is rocky and full of roots it's clay, and it seems doomed and polluted, but you dig little holes for the ugly shriveled bulbs, throw in a handful of poppy seeds, and cover it all over, and you know you'll never see it again - it's death and clay and shrivel, and your hands are nicked from the rocks, your nails black with soil.;Anne Lamott;death
The death of any man aged 56 is very sad for his widow and family. And no one would deny that Steve Jobs was a brilliant and highly innovative technician, with great business flair and marketing ability.;A. N. Wilson;death
I'm scared to death of being poor. It's like a fat girl who loses 500 pounds but is always fat inside. I grew up poor and will always feel poor inside. It's my pet paranoia.;Cher;death
Your body must become familiar with its death - in all its possible forms and degrees - as a self-evident, imminent, and emotionally neutral step on the way towards the goal you have found worthy of your life.;Dag Hammarskjold;death
Death is a billion-dollar business. They can't even pass a law where it takes seven days to get a gun. Why don't you have to go through the same kind of screening you do to get a driver's license? It's totally insane.;John Cusack;death
As a kid, all I thought about was death. But you can't tell your parents that.;Maurice Sendak;death
The death penalty is becoming a way of life in this country.;Dennis Miller;death
I mean, I'm 48 years old and I've been through a lot in my life - you know, loss, whether it be death, illness, separation. I mean, the failed expectations... We all have dreams.;Annie Lennox;death
Death comes not to the living soul, nor age to the loving heart.;Phoebe Cary;death
I'm working myself to death.;Alan Ladd;death
At the New York Athletic Club they serve amazing food. People go there, get healthy, and then eat themselves to death - which is, I suppose, the right way to do it.;Oliver Reed;death
Property is unstable, and youth perishes in a moment. Life itself is held in the grinning fangs of Death, Yet men delay to obtain release from the world. Alas, the conduct of mankind is surprising.;Plautus;death
Well, there's a remedy for all things but death, which will be sure to lay us flat one time or other.;Miguel de Cervantes;death
Old age is always wakeful as if, the longer linked with life, the less man has to do with aught that looks like death.;Herman Melville;death
Life and death. They are somehow sweetly and beautifully mixed, but I don't know how.;Gloria Swanson;death
Doing linear scans over an associative array is like trying to club someone to death with a loaded Uzi.;Larry Wall;death
I'm sick to death of famous people standing up and using their celebrity to promote a cause. If I see a particular need, I do try to help. But there's a lot that can be achieved by putting a check in the right place and shutting up about it.;Russell Crowe;death
Life is a predicament which precedes death.;Henry James;death
Death is the easiest of all things after it, and the hardest of all things before it.;Abu Bakr;death
Death is inevitable, but Life - that's the tricky bit where things happen.;Simon Travaglia;death
She looks like a warrior. I mean, Bellatrix does mean warrior. And she's also a bit of a fatale. She's the right hand of Voldemort, and the only woman death eater.;Helena Bonham Carter;death
People think celebrities don't have to worry about human things like sickness and death and rent. It's like you've traveled to this Land of Celebrity, this other country.;David Duchovny;death
For the sake of goodness and love, man shall let death have no sovereignty over his thoughts.;Thomas Mann;death
I can't turn on the television without seeing me, or open the newspaper without seeing me and, honestly, I'm sick to death of me.;Elizabeth Edwards;death
He who does not fear death cares naught for threats.;Pierre Corneille;death
To die for one's country is such a worthy fate that all compete for so beautiful a death.;Pierre Corneille;death
Each instant of life is a step toward death.;Pierre Corneille;death
You always think that 70 is the end of the road: 'Somebody died when they were 73 good life'. You're closer to death, and you better make sure you don't waste too much of your time doing things you don't want to do. No point in saying things you don't believe in.;Ian Mckellen;death
When I'm lying in my bed I think about life and I think about death and neither one particularly appeals to me.;Steven Morrissey;death
Science without conscience is the death of the soul.;Francois Rabelais;death
Had it not been for slavery, the death penalty would have likely been abolished in America. Slavery became a haven for the death penalty.;Angela Davis;death
So much of motion, is so much of life, and so much of joy, and to stand still, or get on but slowly, is death and the devil.;Laurence Sterne;death
Death is the mother of Beauty hence from her, alone, shall come fulfillment to our dreams and our desires.;Wallace Stevens;death
In Sleep we lie all naked and alone, in Sleep we are united at the heart of night and darkness, and we are strange and beautiful asleep for we are dying the darkness and we know no death.;Thomas Wolfe;death
If efforts to do social work are couched in selfish motives, then they will die a premature death. Why would my efforts get politicised? I have values I inherited from my father. He helped many. Anyone, even a postman knocking on our door would get a glass of water and some sweets.;Sachin Tendulkar;death
But I have been in some very beautiful churches, then I've looked outside and seen people starving to death.;Don Van Vliet;death
For tis not in mere death that men die most.;Elizabeth Barrett Browning;death
The Greeks said grandly in their tragic phrase, 'Let no one be called happy till his death' to which I would add, 'Let no one, till his death, be called unhappy.';Elizabeth Barrett Browning;death
The wages of sin are death, but by the time taxes are taken out, it's just sort of a tired feeling.;Paula Poundstone;death
Not ignorance, but ignorance of ignorance, is the death of knowledge.;Alfred North Whitehead;death
I believe that his death and resurrection transformed humanity's relationship with God.;Timothy Radcliffe;death
Islam is a religion of success. Unlike Christianity, which has as its main image, in the west at least, a man dying in a devastating, disgraceful, helpless death.;Karen Armstrong;death
Become an internationalist and learn to respect all life. Make war on machines. And in particular the sterile machines of corporate death and the robots that guard them.;Abbie Hoffman;death
Does not the very word 'creative' mean to build, to initiate, to give out, to act - rather than to be acted upon, to be subjective? Living photography is positive in its approach, it sings a song of life - not death.;Berenice Abbott;death
Death is an absolute mystery. We are all vulnerable to it, it's what makes life interesting and suspenseful.;Jeanne Moreau;death
It's just as idiotic to say there is no life after death as it is to say there is one.;Jeanne Moreau;death
Knowing how to die is knowing how to live. What is death anyway? It's the outcome of life.;Jeanne Moreau;death
When I did 'Bumble-ardy,' I was so intensely aware of death. Eugene, my friend and partner, was dying here in the house when I did 'Bumble-ardy'. I did 'Bumble-ardy' to save myself. I did not want to die with him. I wanted to live, as any human being does.;Maurice Sendak;death
I'm not afraid of death.;Maurice Sendak;death
The distinctions of fine art bore me to death.;Maurice Sendak;death
As a kid, all I thought about was death.;Maurice Sendak;death
When theater becomes a soothing middle-class thing, when it's packaged as the Night Out, then that's the death of it.;Ralph Fiennes;death
Living is a sickness to which sleep provides relief every sixteen hours. It's a palliative. The remedy is death.;Nicolas Chamfort;death
Monarchs ought to put to death the authors and instigators of war, as their sworn enemies and as dangers to their states.;Elizabeth I;death
Death is a delightful hiding place for weary men.;Herodotus;death
The enemy fought with savage fury, and met death with all its horrors, without shrinking or complaining: not one asked to be spared, but fought as long as they could stand or sit.;Davy Crockett;death
I know I'm drinking myself to a slow death, but then I'm in no hurry.;Robert Benchley;death
For days after death hair and fingernails continue to grow, but phone calls taper off.;Johnny Carson;death
It is a horrible fact that we can read in the daily paper, without interrupting our breakfast, numerical reckonings of death and destruction that ought to break our hearts or scare us out of our wits.;Wendell Berry;death
I've always been scared to death of pain - afraid, even, to think of it.;Loretta Young;death
Policemen so cherish their status as keepers of the peace and protectors of the public that they have occasionally been known to beat to death those citizens or groups who question that status.;David Mamet;death
At a certain age, death becomes familiar to you-or a loss becomes familiar-the tragedies that are more commonplace in life.;Jessica Lange;death
Loved. You can't use it in the past tense. Death does not stop that love at all.;Ken Kesey;death
Have an earnestness for death and you will have life.;Abu Bakr;death
There is no harm in patience, and no profit in lamentation. Death is easier to bear (than) that which precedes it, and more severe than that which comes after it. Remember the death of the Apostle of God, and your sorrow will be lessened.;Abu Bakr;death
You can cry about death and very properly so, your own as well as anybody else's. But it's inevitable, so you'd better grapple with it and cope and be aware that not only is it inevitable, but it has always been inevitable, if you see what I mean.;David Attenborough;death
Sinful and forbidden pleasures are like poisoned bread they may satisfy appetite for the moment, but there is death in them at the end.;Tryon Edwards;death
I'm very comfortable with the nature of life and death, and that we come to an end. What's most difficult to imagine is that those dreams and early yearnings and desires of childhood and adolescence will also disappear. But who knows? Maybe you become part of the eternal whatever.;Hugh Hefner;death
If you make every game a life and death proposition, you're going to have problems. For one thing, you'll be dead a lot.;Dean Smith;death
It's an incredible con job when you think about it, to believe something now in exchange for something after death. Even corporations with their reward systems don't try to make it posthumous.;Gloria Steinem;death
Yes, people pull the trigger - but guns are the instrument of death. Gun control is necessary, and delay means more death and horror.;Eliot Spitzer;death
Disease, insanity, and death were the angels that attended my cradle, and since then have followed me throughout my life.;Edvard Munch;death
People always say that pregnant women have a glow. And I say it's because you're sweating to death.;Jessica Simpson;death
The end of the animal trade would leave more time to trap or beat to death pop star wannabes.;Simon Cowell;death
We are weak, writing is difficult, but for my own sake I do not regret this journey, which has shown that Englishmen can endure hardships, help one another, and meet death with as great a fortitude as ever in the past.;Robert Falcon Scott;death
The sole equality on earth is death.;Philip James Bailey;death
I put for the general inclination of all mankind, a perpetual and restless desire of power after power, that ceaseth only in death.;Thomas Hobbes;death
Without fullness of experience, length of days is nothing. When fullness of life has been achieved, shortness of days is nothing. That is perhaps why the young have usually so little fear of death they live by intensities that the elderly have forgotten.;Lewis Mumford;death
I intend to leave after my death a large fund for the promotion of the peace idea, but I am skeptical as to its results.;Alfred Nobel;death
Sleep is lovely, death is better still, not to have been born is of course the miracle.;Heinrich Heine;death
Life isn't fair. It's just fairer than death, that's all.;William Goldman;death
I feel like I don't watch that many shows with death.;Lena Dunham;death
Consciousness after death demonstrates the possibility of consciousness operating independently of the body.;Stanislav Grof;death
Whenever I watch TV and see those poor starving kids all over the world, I can't help but cry. I mean I'd love to be skinny like that, but not with all those flies and death and stuff.;Mariah Carey;death
When applied to politics and taken to its extreme, kitsch is the mask of death. Fascism was all aesthetics. There was no core principle to it. There was no truth to it.;John Cusack;death
All interest in disease and death is only another expression of interest in life.;Thomas Mann;death
I love this pedal to death. The only way you could keep me from playing one is by chopping off my legs!;Kirk Hammett;death
Even when you're making a movie about life, death is a presence, and I guess it's part of my dramatic viewpoint. I'm not sure why exactly. Maybe I'm drawn to it as a story element.;Gus Van Sant;death
Once a disease has entered the body, all parts which are healthy must fight it: not one alone, but all. Because a disease might mean their common death. Nature knows this and Nature attacks the disease with whatever help she can muster.;Paracelsus;death
