It's a funny thing that when a man hasn't anything on earth to worry about, he goes off and gets married.;Robert Frost;funny
You know, fame is a funny thing, man, especially, you know, actors, musicians, rappers, rock singers, it's kind of a lifestyle and it's easy to get caught up in it - you go to bars, you go to clubs, everyone's doing a certain thing... It's tough.;Eminem;funny
Design is a funny word. Some people think design means how it looks. But of course, if you dig deeper, it's really how it works.;Steve Jobs;funny
Forgiveness is a funny thing. It warms the heart and cools the sting.;William Arthur Ward;funny
It's funny how most people love the dead, once you're dead your made for life.;Jimi Hendrix;funny
It's a funny thing about life if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.;W. Somerset Maugham;funny
But you can't focus on things that matter if all you've been is asleep for forty years. Funny how sleep rhymes with sheep. You know.;Charlie Sheen;funny
I saw 28 Days. I don't remember rehab being like a day camp or being that funny. Rehab is a dumping ground. It's a big landfill.;Charlie Sheen;funny
It's funny the way most people love the dead. Once you are dead, you are made for life.;Jimi Hendrix;funny
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny...';Isaac Asimov;funny
Everything is funny, as long as it's happening to somebody else.;Will Rogers;funny
It's hard to be funny when you have to be clean.;Mae West;funny
I'm not funny. What I am is brave.;Lucille Ball;funny
If I studied all my life, I couldn't think up half the number of funny things passed in one session of congress.;Will Rogers;funny
A man's got to take a lot of punishment to write a really funny book.;Ernest Hemingway;funny
Why is Cloud 9 so amazing? What is wrong with Cloud 8? That joke came off the top of my head, and the top of my head ain't funny!;Mitch Hedberg;funny
Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.;Stephen Hawking;funny
All these jokes have been pre-approved as funny by me.;Mitch Hedberg;funny
Most comedy is based on getting a laugh at somebody else's expense. And I find that that's just a form of bullying in a major way. So I want to be an example that you can be funny and be kind, and make people laugh without hurting somebody else's feelings.;Ellen DeGeneres;funny
I don't mean to be funny.;Yogi Berra;funny
Like almost everyone who uses e-mail, I receive a ton of spam every day. Much of it offers to help me get out of debt or get rich quick. It would be funny if it weren't so exciting.;Bill Gates;funny
It's a funny old world.;Margaret Thatcher;funny
I'm odd looking. Sometimes I think I look like a funny muppet.;Angelina Jolie;funny
It is funny that men who are supposed to be scientific cannot get themselves to realise the basic principle of physics, that action and reaction are equal and opposite, that when you persecute people you always rouse them to be strong and stronger.;Gertrude Stein;funny
I am odd-looking. I sometimes think I look like a funny Muppet.;Angelina Jolie;funny
Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious.;Peter Ustinov;funny
God writes a lot of comedy... the trouble is, he's stuck with so many bad actors who don't know how to play funny.;Garrison Keillor;funny
Screaming at children over their grades, especially to the point of the child's tears, is child abuse, pure and simple. It's not funny and it's not good parenting. It is a crushing, scarring, disastrous experience for the child. It isn't the least bit funny.;Ben Stein;funny
Whatever is funny is subversive, every joke is ultimately a custard pie... a dirty joke is a sort of mental rebellion.;George Orwell;funny
I think being funny is not anyone's first choice.;Woody Allen;funny
It's funny how you never think about the women you've had. It's always the ones who get away that you can't forget.;Chuck Palahniuk;funny
It is not funny that anything else should fall down only that a man should fall down. Why do we laugh? Because it is a gravely religious matter: it is the Fall of Man. Only man can be absurd: for only man can be dignified.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;funny
To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone.;Reba McEntire;funny
It's always funny until someone gets hurt. Then it's just hilarious.;Bill Hicks;funny
You know the funny thing, I don't get along with rich people. I get along with the middle class and the poor people better than I get along with the rich people.;Donald Trump;funny
The best ideas come as jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible.;David Ogilvy;funny
I guess when you turn off the main road, you have to be prepared to see some funny houses.;Stephen King;funny
I got a lot of support from my parents. That's the one thing I always appreciated. They didn't tell me I was being stupid they told me I was being funny.;Jim Carrey;funny
There's nothing cure or funny or lovable about being cheap. It's a total turn-off.;Doug Coupland;funny
I'm blonde and tanned and normal-sized! I'm sweet, shy, funny, have a big heart and I'm nice - and I like to eat.;Paris Hilton;funny
I used to think that everything was just being funny but now I don't know. I mean, how can you tell?;Andy Warhol;funny
As I get older, all sorts of things become less funny. Once one has children, any cruelty involving children becomes far less amusing than when one was at the mercy of one's friends' and relatives' children.;P. J. O'Rourke;funny
There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world.;Jean Baudrillard;funny
I had everything I'd hoped for, but I wasn't being myself. So I decided to be honest about who I was. It was strange: The people who loved me for being funny suddenly didn't like me for being... me.;Ellen DeGeneres;funny
It's funny about men and women. Men pay in cash to get them and pay in cash to get rid of them. Women pay emotionally coming and going. Neither has it easy.;Hedy Lamarr;funny
A funny thing happens in real estate. When it comes back, it comes back up like gangbusters.;Barbara Corcoran;funny
I know some people say I can be funny. But there is always a deeper meaning to what I say. I am a socialist at heart and have the interests of the poor in mind. When people see how I manage to work my way out of tough situations, it gives them hope in their own life.;Lalu Prasad Yadav;funny
My grandchildren are fabulous and funny.;Erica Jong;funny
Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy, but it's very funny - Did you ever try buying then without money?;Ogden Nash;funny
I could party in a cardboard box with people who are funny and don't care. For me, it's really about who I surround myself with, so I just try to always be with hilarious people.;Kesha;funny
Chaos in the midst of chaos isn't funny, but chaos in the midst of order is.;Steve Martin;funny
It's a funny thing, the less people have to live for, the less nerve they have to risk losing nothing.;Zora Neale Hurston;funny
One of the funny things about the stock market is that every time one person buys, another sells, and both think they are astute.;William Feather;funny
I don't care what the haters and naysayers say. If they make jokes about me, I'll laugh because they'll probably be funny.;Paula Deen;funny
No matter how popular you are as a stand-up - you can go out and fill a 10,000-seat arena and be smart and funny - it's delicate to host an awards show and know where your place is and know that it's not about you, that it's about the people who are nominated, and respect that, but at the same time have your moment to show them who you are.;Ellen DeGeneres;funny
I've always believed that there are funny people everywhere, but they're just not comedians. In fact, some of my best comedic inspirations were not professional entertainers.;Steve Martin;funny
I thought 'Borat' was a breakthrough comedy, because it was really funny. It wasn't some studio-produced script with 14 writers.;Steve Martin;funny
'Dirty Rotten Scoundrels' is a good one because it not only turned out, I think, to be a really funny movie but it was also a delight to shoot. We were in the South of France, working with Glenne Headly and Michael Caine and Frank Oz the director - who were just fun.;Steve Martin;funny
You need to be silly to be funny.;William Shatner;funny
You know how old I am? I'm so old, I remember when Letterman used to be funny and it was presidents who were serious. That's how old I am.;Rush Limbaugh;funny
In my circle of friends, I've always been loud and funny and talkative. But as soon as I step out of that circle, I get very quiet and introspective. I don't want the spotlight on me.;Rosie Perez;funny
I remember straightening my hair because I wanted to be like everybody else, and now the fact that anybody would emulate what I do? It's just funny.;Taylor Swift;funny
Sixth grade was a big time, in my childhood, of hoops and friendship, and coming up with funny things.;Adam Sandler;funny
I got attention by being funny at school, pretending to be retarded, and jumping around with a deformed hand.;Leonardo DiCaprio;funny
I think it's funny to be delicate with subjects that are explosive.;Jerry Seinfeld;funny
Life can be dramatic and funny all in the same day.;Jennifer Aniston;funny
The middle class is so funny, it's the class I know best, and it's the class where you find the most pretension, so that's what makes the middle classes so funny.;J. K. Rowling;funny
I'm smart and I can be really funny and interesting and I can go toe-to-toe with anybody in a conversation.;Megan Fox;funny
It's to paint directly on the canvas without any funny business, as it were, and I use almost pure turpentine to start with, adding oil as I go along until the medium becomes pure oil. I use as little oil as I can possibly help, and that's my method.;Edward Hopper;funny
I had an idea of what I thought was funny. It's kind of based on how I am.;Jennifer Aniston;funny
You know being relevant or coming up with something interesting, funny to say about what's current is just as hard as it might ever be depending on the serendipity of it all.;Lily Tomlin;funny
It is funny the two things most men are proudest of is the thing that any man can do and doing does in the same way, that is being drunk and being the father of their son.;Gertrude Stein;funny
That's what I hate about a lot of comedies, when you're hitting a line or making it funny.;Jennifer Aniston;funny
I read a lot of scripts that I just don't find very funny.;Jennifer Aniston;funny
My hair has never been my greatest feature, so that was funny enough unto itself that my hair became so focused on.;Jennifer Aniston;funny
Comediennes are the lucky ones, because if you're funny, you can be 125 years old and they will still accept you.;Joan Rivers;funny
Being funny is one of my greatest strengths. I can make girls smile when they're down, and when they're having a good time, I can carry on the joke.;John Krasinski;funny
Do you know, it's funny, but I never thought of being blind as a disadvantage, and I never thought of being black as a disadvantage.;Stevie Wonder;funny
If you play it straight it's funny - the best comedy is always played straight down the middle. The adjustment is understanding from the screenplay that a moment is hilarious.;Tom Hiddleston;funny
Keep your sense of humor, my friend if you don't have a sense of humor it just isn't funny anymore.;Wavy Gravy;funny
Funny is only something that others know about you - you can't be funny by yourself.;Chris Rock;funny
Cheryl Cole and Katy Perry are two of the hottest girls in the world - and so normal and funny with it. If I was a few years older they are the kind of girls I'd like to date. I want a younger version of Cheryl and Katy - a mixture of the two would be hot.;Justin Bieber;funny
Jon Stewart is exactly the same guy he's always been, only with money. He knows that the moment he really believes he's important, the funny goes away and he becomes Bill O'Reilly, except shorter and Jewish.;Denis Leary;funny
Stand up is really fun because if I think of a joke or a funny idea, then I can just go and tell some people and if they laugh, they laugh right away.;Demetri Martin;funny
I think a lot of stuff I find funny is from day dreaming.;Demetri Martin;funny
I think since I was kid people told me that they thought I was funny.;Demetri Martin;funny
The comedians I liked were Bill Cosby and Steven Wright, like just always as a comedic actor. I always liked Gary Larson, who's really funny for a cartoonist, obviously.;Demetri Martin;funny
It's hard to lead a cavalry charge if you think you look funny on a horse.;Adlai E. Stevenson;funny
I wear black skinny-fit jeans - I can't get away from them. It's funny because I wore baggy jeans for ages, then one day my friend convinced me to try on a skinny pair and I thought they were great.;Shaun White;funny
I never smoked. I never drank and I never took drugs. The funny thing is, nothing is more boring, people like this. For me, it's OK. But most of my friends, at least they smoke and drink.;Karl Lagerfeld;funny
One time I went into a restroom and a girl followed me in. I signed an autograph for her in the sink. It was pretty funny because she was in a guy's restroom and she wasn't embarrassed at all.;Zac Efron;funny
The follow your dreams thing is really important because so many people are railroaded into taking other paths by their family, their friends, people who should be supportive going, 'What are you talking about?' Even just seemingly regular career paths, but if it's not what people expect for you they kind of react funny.;Joan Jett;funny
A good artist is willing to die many times over. What's funny is, I've died so many times.;Billy Corgan;funny
Hollywood's just not funny.;Chris Rock;funny
Karaoke isn't fair when you're a comedian. The whole idea is to get people laughing and enjoying themselves, and I'm a professional funny guy.;Chris Rock;funny
It's funny. You succeed, but now where are you gonna go from there? I've got to keep proving that I can laugh or cry more real each time.;Jeff Bridges;funny
Do I have a long-term plan? Kind of. I have a general direction, I think. But it's funny what comes down the pike.;Jeff Bridges;funny
The people I grew up around who I really liked were quick on the draw. It always just wowed me. And my mum would make weird funny comments. I can see in myself her self-deprecating, hippie humour. I can't take myself too seriously.;Drew Barrymore;funny
If you tell the truth about how you're feeling, it becomes funny.;Larry David;funny
