The speed of communication, the speed of information transfer, the cheapness of communication, the ease of moving things around the world are a difference in kind as well as degree.;Paul A. Volcker;communication
As soon as you judge communication a little more rigorously, there is a possibility that the message will not be democratized. I have to say what I believe to be right. I have to spread out the statement among all the means of expression available to us at present.;Alexander Kluge;communication
The interest in the supernatural in a very generic sense and in the spiritual is not in itself a factor that helps the communication of the Christian faith.;Karl Lehmann;communication
The more elaborate our means of communication, the less we communicate.;Joseph Priestley;communication
We intend to keep the lines of communication open with the Defense Department so we can help our border law enforcement agencies navigate the equipment application process.;Henry Cuellar;communication
It is vital that the United States maintains open lines of communication with our allies. We must assure them of our commitment to eradicating global terrorism wherever it may reside or wherever it's given haven.;George Allen;communication
As our country increasingly relies on electronic information storage and communication, it is imperative that our Government amend our information security laws accordingly.;Jo Ann Davis;communication
The first work of the director is to set a mood so that the actor's work can take place, so that the actor can create. And in order to do that, you have to communicate, communicate with the actors. And direction is about communication on all levels.;William Friedkin;communication
I have seen that technology has contributed to improved communication, that it's contributed to better health care, that it's contributed to better food supplies, that it has contributed to all the basic human needs.;John Warnock;communication
But picketing - picketing for or against something, and handing out literature - these are conspicuously formal actions. They have to be understood as indirect communication.;Tony Conrad;communication
All poetry has to do is to make a strong communication. All the poet has to do is listen. The poet is not an important fellow. There will also be another poet.;Stevie Smith;communication
The communication is in the work and words are no substitute for this.;Mary Martin;communication
You know, my dad wasn't a photographer or filmmaker by profession, but on Sundays, he would take pictures of me and my family or his pals horseback riding, and it was a means of communication and affection, a means of not being so dysfunctional with each other.;Bruce Weber;communication
I work on OpenBSD fulltime, as the project leader. I set some directions, increase communication between the developers, and try to be involved in nearly every aspect of the base system.;Theo de Raadt;communication
My approach is so simple every song I sing, every story I tell, every move I make, must move the audience to laughter, tears, or inspiration. Otherwise, why do it? It's the communication.;John Davidson;communication
I wrote somewhere during the Cold War that I sometimes wish the Iron Curtain were much taller than it is, so that you could see whether the development of science with no communication was parallel on the two sides. In this case it certainly wasn't.;Thomas Gold;communication
Mental communication without verbalization... all space is made up of waves and we are constantly sending and receiving messages from our brain.;Tina Louise;communication
The first legislation that I produced relating to the Internet was a bill to overturn a restriction inside of the law that prohibited the Internet backbone from being used for anything other than research and scientific and educational communication.;Rick Boucher;communication
Music is the greatest communication in the world. Even if people don't understand the language that you're singing in, they still know good music when they hear it.;Lou Rawls;communication
Communication is very important. And the arts do that, whether it's film or theater.;Anne Archer;communication
To devise an information processing system capable of getting along on its own - it must handle its own problems of programming, bookkeeping, communication and coordination with its users. It must appear to its users as a single, integrated personality.;Cliff Shaw;communication
If anything characterizes the cultural life of the seventies in America, it is an insistence on preventing failures of communication.;Richard Rosen;communication
Tim and Fritz Lang I loved working with. Not Hitchcock so much. There was no communication.;Sylvia Sidney;communication
It frequently happens that two persons, reasoning right on a mechanical subject, think alike and invent the same thing without any communication with each other.;Oliver Evans;communication
Art must unquestionably have a social value that is, as a potential means of communication it must be addressed, and in comprehensible terms, to the understanding of mankind.;Rockwell Kent;communication
In 1984, I turned to theater in the hopes of finding a more direct form of communication between me and my people.;Cherrie Moraga;communication
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.;Emo Philips;computers
Computers are like Old Testament gods lots of rules and no mercy.;Joseph Campbell;computers
I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image.;Stephen Hawking;computers
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.;Pablo Picasso;computers
I think it's fair to say that personal computers have become the most empowering tool we've ever created. They're tools of communication, they're tools of creativity, and they can be shaped by their user.;Bill Gates;computers
Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things they make it easier to do don't need to be done.;Andy Rooney;computers
Computers are magnificent tools for the realization of our dreams, but no machine can replace the human spark of spirit, compassion, love, and understanding.;Louis Gerstner;computers
Security is, I would say, our top priority because for all the exciting things you will be able to do with computers - organizing your lives, staying in touch with people, being creative - if we don't solve these security problems, then people will hold back.;Bill Gates;computers
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.;Isaac Asimov;computers
Part of the inhumanity of the computer is that, once it is competently programmed and working smoothly, it is completely honest.;Isaac Asimov;computers
The new information technology... Internet and e-mail... have practically eliminated the physical costs of communications.;Peter Drucker;computers
Personally, I rather look forward to a computer program winning the world chess championship. Humanity needs a lesson in humility.;Richard Dawkins;computers
Computers may save time but they sure waste a lot of paper. About 98 percent of everything printed out by a computer is garbage that no one ever reads.;Andy Rooney;computers
A wonderful thing about a book, in contrast to a computer screen, is that you can take it to bed with you.;Daniel J. Boorstin;computers
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window.;Steve Wozniak;computers
The computer is a moron.;Peter Drucker;computers
Treat your password like your toothbrush. Don't let anybody else use it, and get a new one every six months.;Clifford Stoll;computers
I am thankful the most important key in history was invented. It's not the key to your house, your car, your boat, your safety deposit box, your bike lock or your private community. It's the key to order, sanity, and peace of mind. The key is 'Delete.';Elayne Boosler;computers
The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers.;Sydney J. Harris;computers
To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so.;Robert Orben;computers
Home computers are being called upon to perform many new functions, including the consumption of homework formerly eaten by the dog.;Doug Larson;computers
I am not the only person who uses his computer mainly for the purpose of diddling with his computer.;Dave Barry;computers
The Internet: transforming society and shaping the future through chat.;Dave Barry;computers
The basis of computer work is predicated on the idea that only the brain makes decisions and only the index finger does the work.;Brian Eno;computers
Think? Why think! We have computers to do that for us.;Jean Rostand;computers
No one ever said on their deathbed, 'Gee, I wish I had spent more time alone with my computer'.;Danielle Berry;computers
I was afraid of the internet... because I couldn't type.;Jack Welch;computers
It's hardware that makes a machine fast. It's software that makes a fast machine slow.;Craig Bruce;computers
Many of our own people here in this country do not ask about computers, telephones and television sets. They ask - when will we get a road to our village.;Thabo Mbeki;computers
It's been my policy to view the Internet not as an 'information highway,' but as an electronic asylum filled with babbling loonies.;Mike Royko;computers
Computer science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes.;Edsger Dijkstra;computers
Man, I don't want to have nothing to do with computers. I don't want the government in my business.;Erykah Badu;computers
Computing is not about computers any more. It is about living.;Nicholas Negroponte;computers
Reading computer manuals without the hardware is as frustrating as reading manuals without the software.;Arthur C. Clarke;computers
To err is human but to really foul up requires a computer.;Dan Rather;computers
In the practical world of computing, it is rather uncommon that a program, once it performs correctly and satisfactorily, remains unchanged forever.;Niklaus Wirth;computers
Because I believe that humans are computers, I conjectured that computers, like people, can have left- and right-handed versions.;Philip Emeagwali;computers
People think computers will keep them from making mistakes. They're wrong. With computers you make mistakes faster.;Adam Osborne;computers
Computers are famous for being able to do complicated things starting from simple programs.;Seth Lloyd;computers
I wouldn't know how to find eBay on the computer if my life depended on it.;Marc Jacobs;computers
Steve Wozniak and Steve Jobs founded Apple Inc, which set the computing world on its ear with the Macintosh in 1984.;Kevin Mitnick;computers
We're entering a new world in which data may be more important than software.;Tim O'Reilly;computers
Shareware tends to combine the worst of commercial software with the worst of free software.;Linus Torvalds;computers
I happen to think that computers are the most important thing to happen to musicians since the invention of cat-gut which was a long time ago.;Robert Moog;computers
The power of the computer is starting to spread.;Bill Budge;computers
One of the most feared expressions in modern times is 'The computer is down.';Norman Ralph Augustine;computers
Access to computers and the Internet has become a basic need for education in our society.;Kent Conrad;computers
If you could utilize the resources of the end users' computers, you could do things much more efficiently.;Niklas Zennstrom;computers
In computing, turning the obvious into the useful is a living definition of the word 'frustration'.;Alan Perlis;computers
Nanotechnology will let us build computers that are incredibly powerful. We'll have more power in the volume of a sugar cube than exists in the entire world today.;Ralph Merkle;computers
What I was proud of was that I used very few parts to build a computer that could actually speak words on a screen and type words on a keyboard and run a programming language that could play games. And I did all this myself.;Steve Wozniak;computers
You couldn't have fed the '50s into a computer and come out with the '60s.;Paul Kantner;computers
If you like overheads, you'll love PowerPoint.;Edward Tufte;computers
Modern people are only willing to believe in their computers, while I believe in myself.;Alain Robert;computers
The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim.;Edsger Dijkstra;computers
Computers have virtually replaced tape recorders.;Tony Visconti;computers
The good news about computers is that they do what you tell them to do. The bad news is that they do what you tell them to do.;Ted Nelson;computers
We can do things that we never could before. Stop-motion lets you build tiny little worlds, and computers make that world even more believable.;Nick Park;computers
If your computer speaks English, it was probably made in Japan.;Alan Perlis;computers
I just became one with my browser software.;Bill Griffith;computers
Computers in classrooms are the filmstrips of the 1990s.;Clifford Stoll;computers
When I write software, I know that it will fail, either due to my own mistake, or due to some other cause.;Wietse Venema;computers
Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the usual way. This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of complaining.;Jef Raskin;computers
I started on an Apple II, which I had bought at the very end of 1978 for half of my annual income. I made $4,500 a year, and I spent half of it on the computer.;Bill Budge;computers
The only legitimate use of a computer is to play games.;Eugene Jarvis;computers
Every piece of software written today is likely going to infringe on someone else's patent.;Miguel de Icaza;computers
Even in the developing parts of the world, kids take to computers like fish to water.;Nicholas Negroponte;computers
There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home.;Ken Olsen;computers
To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer.;Paul R. Ehrlich;computers
Gee, I am a complete Luddite when it comes to computers, I can barely log on!;Jonathan Shapiro;computers
You can't trust the internet.;Nicolette Sheridan;computers
I got up with my wife, I sat down at the computer when she went to work, and I didn't stop until she got home.;George Stephen;computers
The Internet is not just one thing, it's a collection of things - of numerous communications networks that all speak the same digital language.;Jim Clark;computers
