I enjoyed working as a model a lot as it let me travel and I got to do some really interesting projects.;Patricia Velasquez;travel
I loved the travel but I didn't love the work. I mean, come on, modelling is only so stimulating!;Brooklyn Decker;travel
I only travel to good material, a good director and a good company. I won't work in another country for a year any longer, because I have a lovely wife and I adore her and I can't bear to be away from her.;Jim Dale;travel
It was good to travel to the other side of the world.;Andre Braugher;travel
At each of these northern posts there were interesting experiences in store for me, as one who had read all the books of northern travel and dreamed for half a lifetime of the north and that was - almost daily meeting with famous men.;Ernest Thompson Seton;travel
I have to travel a lot, but relaxation to me is when I am at home.;Mikhail Khodorkovsky;travel
Time travel may be achieved one day, or it may not. But if it is, it should not require any fundamental change in world-view, at least for those who broadly share the world view I am presenting in this book.;David Deutsch;travel
For young girls, whom I meet a lot when I travel around the country, it will be a big thing. It will really show them that there's no post in Denmark that a girl can't aspire to.;Helle Thorning-Schmidt;travel
I was always just into my music and maybe into trying to save the world a little bit. I never really thought I'd have a hit record or anything like that. I was prepared to travel around all over the country, kind of like a Johnny Appleseed, and sing.;Don McLean;travel
People think I'm crazy because I travel too much, but I haven't been doing any of that lately because I got a little sick this year and I've tried to take care of it.;Lee Hazlewood;travel
I was in the studio so much, it was about the search for air in a metaphoric sense, and the breathing has more to do with travel for me, about the search musically for open air.;Keren Ann;travel
All of my friends are animal people. To me, cats are people, too. Animals are people, too. I travel a lot and when I go overseas, it's really hard on me because the animals are treated much differently, especially in developing countries.;AnnaLynne McCord;travel
Ridiculous stuff happens when I travel.;Rebecca Lobo;travel
The travel and tourism industry, it's just a huge part of our economy.;Karen Hughes;travel
The more you travel, the more well-off you'll be, I think.;RJ Mitte;travel
Every job has its downside. For example, being in a band the travel part of it - getting picked up from your house in a car, going to the airport, getting on a plane, going from the airplane to a van, then going from the van to a hotel.;Dave Lombardo;travel
We need to be aware of all aspects: To check how they travel, how they eat, the competition conditions.;Alberto Juantorena;travel
Prison service vans that travel 90 miles to take a prisoner 90 yards paedophiles free to leer at children in the very parks where they have committed horrific crimes.;Trevor Phillips;travel
Travel is the frivolous part of serious lives, and the serious part of frivolous ones.;Sophie Swetchine;travel
I get to travel, see the world, meet people and be independent. I feel blessed.;Bar Refaeli;travel
I really have to dance more often, and so I travel around. If I don't, I will crumble.;Rudolf Nureyev;travel
When you're a kid, I think you want to be a film star. And I'm not as enamoured with that any more. The reality of that life is a lot of travel, and a lot of being away, which is impractical because I have four children, so I don't want to be away that much, not the other side of the world away.;Rob Brydon;travel
But when I really look back on my life, being really honest about it and now that I've got the chance to travel the world, seeing how a lot of little kids grow up - my life wasn't so bad.;Coolio;travel
Rocket scientists agree that we have about reached the limit of our ability to travel in space using chemical rockets. To achieve anything near the speed of light we will need a new energy source and a new propellant. Nuclear fission is not an option.;Wilson Greatbatch;travel
My dad is a pilot so I think I was born with the travel bug.;Isabel Lucas;travel
It was a secular cathedral, dedicated to the rites of travel.;Robert Hughes;travel
I think I usually have quite ordinary dreams. Sometimes my dreams take me to other dimensions. I can travel in my mind especially when I'm dreaming I focus my mind on what I want to dream. If I want to fly, I focus on flying.;Uri Geller;travel
I travel like a gypsy, and I didn't know how I could perform and be a mother.;Natalia Makarova;travel
I can travel anywhere in the world and I can pretty much fit in.;Kristin Kreuk;travel
I don't travel anywhere without the PS3 and XBox. There's nothing better to do on long bus trips while on tour.;Soulja Boy;travel
I would like to host a show, something like travel or cooking or something like that, something I'm really interested in, and so I'm pitching a couple television shows.;Trishelle Cannatella;travel
It definitely gets challenging at times. I travel a lot more now, and its never easy having to leave the kids, even if its for a few days.;Peter Facinelli;travel
You know, the interesting thing about having traveled around the country as much as I have, and I think it's sort of inadvertently what made me come out or at least begin doing things within the community and thinking more about that, was that I get to travel quite a bit.;Lesley Gore;travel
It's like this - because I travel so much, I crave certain foods or certain things, like from certain places that I've been.;Alex Meraz;travel
I have been able to travel all over the country and see many places that I probably never would have visited. I have also participated in many charity events for worthy causes.;Rob Mariano;travel
A world with a sudden limit on air travel would be tremendously different from the one we live in now.;Charles C. Mann;travel
I don't write under the ghost of Faulkner. I live in the same town and find his life and work inspiring, but that's it. I have a motorcycle and tool along the country lanes. I travel at my own speed.;Barry Hannah;travel
I'm extremely blessed because I travel extensively for my work, but I always try to incorporate a bit of leisure with business.;Linda Gray;travel
As far as my favorite sites, I do a lot of mundane stuff on line because I travel so much.;Bruce Campbell;travel
The genre has moved into this commercial aspect of itself, and ignored this extraordinarily rich literature that's filed everywhere else except under travel.;Robyn Davidson;travel
I just don't see myself as a travel writer. I can't. I don't.;Robyn Davidson;travel
I don't have any superstitions, but what I always travel with is my pillow and my coffee.;Natalie Coughlin;travel
While the spoken word can travel faster, you can't take it home in your hand. Only the written word can be absorbed wholly at the convenience of the reader.;Kingman Brewster, Jr.;travel
If I had children, I would be very selfish. I wouldn't be out doing things. But by not having kids, it makes me freer to travel the world and talk about things I feel are important.;Linda Blair;travel
I was home-schooled. But going to high school, I never would've been able to travel the U.S. or been able to do acting.;Ethan Embry;travel
For people to understand me when I travel, I speak with my hands.;Marcel Carne;travel
Travel is the most private of pleasures. There is no greater bore than the travel bore. We do not in the least want to hear what he has seen in Hong Kong.;Vita Sackville-West;travel
I can tell you that when I travel the state, when I talk to people, they are really struggling, in a very real way. They're losing their jobs, they're losing their homes, they're dealing with financial challenges.;Alexi Giannoulias;travel
I'm vegan on home base, but when I travel to other countries, I throw it all into the garbage.;Lake Bell;travel
I used to travel in tennis shoes I am just not allowed to anymore. I'm an old hippie from San Francisco.;Amy Irving;travel
I'd like to be able to travel anywhere in an instant.;Jason Behr;travel
I travel 330 days a year and eat every two and a half hours - I'm a big guy. I always carry a fork, little bottles of spices, and Sriracha. I eat what I feel like eating.;Robert Irvine;travel
When I began writing that I was able and did travel and met some fascinating people and also uncovered some history, which has not been discovered before.;Arthur Hailey;travel
I might have been born in a hovel but I am determined to travel with the wind and the stars.;Jacqueline Cochran;travel
I was afterwards sorry for this, though, if I ever travel again, I shall trust to none but natives, as the climate of Africa is too trying to foreigners.;John H. Speke;travel
But he knew people and he was head writer for Have Gun Will Travel, and if you took those early Star Treks that we did and put us in a western wardrobe and put us on wagon train going west, we can say the same lines.;Majel Barrett;travel
The travel, the amazing work I have had the chance to do, the meetings with different people are all very inspiring and give me lots of positive energy.;Saskia de Brauw;travel
When I think of myself at 15, even 17, I could simply not have done this work on an international level and travel all the time, take care of myself and not feel lost. I feel very happy that this is happening now, and not 10 years ago, as I feel stronger as a person.;Saskia de Brauw;travel
Spirit of place! It is for this we travel, to surprise its subtlety and where it is a strong and dominant angel, that place, seen once, abides entire in the memory with all its own accidents, its habits, its breath, its name.;Alice Meynell;travel
I don't like to travel as much as I have in the past, but it's good for my soul to get to pick, especially with these good musicians and these guys that play so well.;Earl Scruggs;travel
All I wanted was to be big, to be in show business and to travel... and that's what I've been doing all my life.;Count Basie;travel
When the plane is delayed, it's not the fault of the girl at the desk. I'm resigned to the fact that everything is out of my control and that air travel nowadays is barbaric.;Tom Conti;travel
Travel is very subjective. What one person loves, another loathes.;Robin Leach;travel
I travel abroad constantly on book promotion and research, and the Internet is invaluable to me for accessing U.K. news in places such as America, which most of the time hasn't heard of England.;Peter James;travel
Travel is very subjective. What one person loves, another loathes. I would say a private paradise in the Caribbean. If you want culture and class, I would say Tuscany. If you want exotic, I would say Bangkok, Thailand.;Robin Leach;travel
Modeling has given me the opportunity to travel outside of Brazil and see the world. I have been meeting many interesting and talented people along the way.;Izabel Goulart;travel
I want to do more documentaries and travel to places I haven't been. That is where I think I can be fulfilled.;Tatjana Patitz;travel
I wanted to be looked at for the skateboarder that I was. I didn't want to be the 36-year-old skateboarder who's still holding on while owning a company at the same time. I wanted to make my mark and travel and accomplish a few things here and there and then get out.;Jason Lee;travel
I grew up skateboarding it was fun. I didn't think about money, I didn't know how much professional skateboarders made. I just knew that if I became a professional skateboarder, I would achieve a lot and get to travel and do these great things.;Jason Lee;travel
You become a better writer by writing. You become a better travel writer by writing about travel.;Tim Cahill;travel
I am living out my adolescent dream of travel and adventure.;Tim Cahill;travel
You have to first be a writer and somebody who loves to write. If I couldn't travel, I would still write.;Tim Cahill;travel
Restless, and in desperate need of adventure, I quit my job at an insurance company to travel west with a couple of guys I smoked pot with, scandalizing my family.;Mink Stole;travel
If interstellar travel is as time- or energy- demanding as the above figures indicate, it is far from obvious what the motive for colonization might be.;Barney Oliver;travel
It would be a pity if, frustrated by the price of travel, we elected to become a society that never made contact, that never gave SETI a fair chance.;Barney Oliver;travel
Our covering ministry is Challenge for Christ ministries, and Travel the Road was solely our mission arm, designed to expose people to what missions are, then connect them with agencies that send people out.;Michael Scott;travel
I think it's important to travel around in order to get a notion of what's going on, to find out what people are think about. I enjoy talking on campuses most because people are more informed and discussion is generally livelier.;Harrison Salisbury;travel
My Christmas present to myself each year is to see how much air travel can open up the world and take me to places as far from sheltered California and Japan as possible.;Pico Iyer;travel
I intend to travel to Okinawa and to visit with Okinawa officials and the citizens of Okinawa at an early date. I will send my best analysis of that situation, including the local attitudes, back to Washington, to the government there.;Howard Baker;travel
Since traveling is such a big part of my life when I am working, I like to vacation relatively close to home. Florida is a great place for me to go and relax. It's so close, which is perfect because it's the minimal travel time.;Hilary Rhoda;travel
For me, Dracula has always been associated with travel and beautiful historical places.;Elizabeth Kostova;travel
Our government shouldn't tell us where to travel and where not to travel.;Jeff Flake;travel
Foreign policy is about trying to deliver for them the best possible economic benefits, the chance to travel, to study, to work, the opportunity through trade to be able to sell their goods and services and as much peace and security so they can live and bring their kids up so they don't have to fear war.;Catherine Ashton;travel
I really wish we could stay longer in the countries we visit, but I've been lucky to have visited most of them before, because I've done a tremendous amount of travel.;Phil Keoghan;travel
I travel a lot I hate having my life disrupted by routine.;Caskie Stinnett;travel
We have had a chance to travel to all 56 counties in this state, and I have had the chance to sit around with cups of coffee and having conversations about what matters to Montanans.;Steve Daines;travel
I usually travel with a lot of people, like my dad, mom and sisters.;Booboo Stewart;travel
Absolutely the worst thing about this job is the travel and being away from family. I have a wife and three wonderful children, the kids are all active in sports and it's very difficult to up and leave and miss them growing up.;Roy Clark;travel
The thing I love about being an actor is the ability to travel and experience new cultures.;Paul Wesley;travel
I'm crazy about my father, he's an amazing man, a real adventurer. He took us with him to travel all over the world. We were in places that were so remote, that white people hardly ever reach them.;Peta Wilson;travel
It's hard now to imagine that kind of travel and the daily tasks they simply took for granted. If a wagon axle broke, you had to stop and carve a new one. To cross a river, you sometimes had to build a raft.;James Houston;travel
To enjoy enduring success we should travel a little in advance of the world.;John McDonald;travel
The travel writer seeks the world we have lost - the lost valleys of the imagination.;Alexander Cockburn;travel
I really enjoy travel, I enjoy the U.K., I enjoy Scotland, Glasgow.;George Wendt;travel
Travel is impossible, but daydreaming about travel is easy.;B. J. Novak;travel
My first ever job after college was as a flight attendant. I wanted to travel and could not afford it, so I decided to get myself a job where I could travel. I did it for two years and had great fun.;Jacqueline Winspear;travel
Whenever I travel anywhere, I'm constantly asked if I'm Swedish. It's the burden of most Norwegians. The Swedes have just got a better publicity agent, I think.;Christopher Heyerdahl;travel
I have no plans to have any other home than Moscow. However, I love to travel, and I'm very comfortable in New York. In many ways, it reminds me of Moscow in its energy and drive.;Mikhail Prokhorov;travel
I always travel with my bike and it has become a little more difficult to do it nowadays, but I stick it in 3,5 by 6-foot case and wheel that thing in.;Donny Robinson;travel
