Don't be afraid to give your best to what seemingly are small jobs. Every time you conquer one it makes you that much stronger. If you do the little jobs well, the big ones will tend to take care of themselves.;Dale Carnegie;best
The best way to hold a man is in your arms.;Mae West;best
Society in every state is a blessing, but government, even in its best stage, is but a necessary evil in its worst state an intolerable one.;Thomas Paine;best
It is difficult to make our material condition better by the best law, but it is easy enough to ruin it by bad laws.;Theodore Roosevelt;best
Our goal is to make the best devices in the world, not to be the biggest.;Steve Jobs;best
If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;best
Civilization had too many rules for me, so I did my best to rewrite them.;Bill Cosby;best
A failure is not always a mistake, it may simply be the best one can do under the circumstances. The real mistake is to stop trying.;B. F. Skinner;best
To help yourself, you must be yourself. Be the best that you can be. When you make a mistake, learn from it, pick yourself up and move on.;Dave Pelzer;best
We think the Mac will sell zillions, but we didn't build the Mac for anybody else. We built it for ourselves. We were the group of people who were going to judge whether it was great or not. We weren't going to go out and do market research. We just wanted to build the best thing we could build.;Steve Jobs;best
If you believe in what you are doing, then let nothing hold you up in your work. Much of the best work of the world has been done against seeming impossibilities. The thing is to get the work done.;Dale Carnegie;best
I know my country has not perfected itself. At times, we've struggled to keep the promise of liberty and equality for all of our people. We've made our share of mistakes, and there are times when our actions around the world have not lived up to our best intentions.;Barack Obama;best
So let's not use a stylus. We're going to use the best pointing device in the world. We're going to use a pointing device that we're all born with - born with ten of them. We're going to use our fingers. We're going to touch this with our fingers. And we have invented a new technology called multi-touch, which is phenomenal. It works like magic.;Steve Jobs;best
We hire people who want to make the best things in the world.;Steve Jobs;best
Dad needs to show an incredible amount of respect and humor and friendship toward his mate so the kids understand their parents are sexy, they're fun, they do things together, they're best friends. Kids learn by example. If I respect Mom, they're going to respect Mom.;Tim Allen;best
Don't lower your expectations to meet your performance. Raise your level of performance to meet your expectations. Expect the best of yourself, and then do what is necessary to make it a reality.;Ralph Marston;best
A national political campaign is better than the best circus ever heard of, with a mass baptism and a couple of hangings thrown in.;H. L. Mencken;best
The best liar is he who makes the smallest amount of lying go the longest way.;Samuel Butler;best
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.;Oprah Winfrey;best
We are all travelers in the wilderness of this world, and the best we can find in our travels is an honest friend.;Robert Louis Stevenson;best
My philosophy is that not only are you responsible for your life, but doing the best at this moment puts you I the best place for the next moment.;Oprah Winfrey;best
An educated person is one who has learned that information almost always turns out to be at best incomplete and very often false, misleading, fictitious, mendacious - just dead wrong.;Russell Baker;best
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.;Paul Valery;best
In fact, the best thing we could do on taxes for all Americans is to simplify the individual tax code. This will be a tough job, but members of both parties have expressed an interest in doing this, and I am prepared to join them.;Barack Obama;best
Look your best - who said love is blind?;Mae West;best
Success in its highest and noblest form calls for peace of mind and enjoyment and happiness which come only to the man who has found the work that he likes best.;Napoleon Hill;best
I just think it is important that you realize , that you're the best in the world. Whether you are a Democrat or Republican or whether you're libertarian or whatever, you are the best. And we should not ever forget that. And when somebody does not do the job, we got to let them go.;Clint Eastwood;best
The best way out of a difficulty is through it.;Will Rogers;best
We can choose a future where we export more products and outsource fewer jobs. After a decade that was defined by what we bought and borrowed, we're getting back to basics, and doing what America has always done best: We're making things again.;Barack Obama;best
Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.;John Wooden;best
My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way.;Ernest Hemingway;best
Excellence is the best deterrent to racism or sexism.;Oprah Winfrey;best
There's a victory, and defeat the first and best of victories, the lowest and worst of defeats which each man gains or sustains at the hands not of another, but of himself.;Plato;best
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.;Richard Bach;best
A man's friendships are one of the best measures of his worth.;Charles Darwin;best
In the practical art of war, the best thing of all is to take the enemy's country whole and intact to shatter and destroy it is not so good.;Sun Tzu;best
Cynical realism is the intelligent man's best excuse for doing nothing in an intolerable situation.;Aldous Huxley;best
When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not far away. It is time to go elsewhere. The best thing about space travel is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.;Robert A. Heinlein;best
For a long time now I have tried simply to write the best I can. Sometimes I have good luck and write better than I can.;Ernest Hemingway;best
Life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;best
God is not on the side of the big battalions, but on the side of those who shoot best.;Voltaire;best
Never argue at the dinner table, for the one who is not hungry always gets the best of the argument.;Voltaire;best
It has always been my belief that a man should do his best, regardless of how much he receives for his services, or the number of people he may be serving or the class of people served.;Napoleon Hill;best
I was raised to believe that excellence is the best deterrent to racism or sexism. And that's how I operate my life.;Oprah Winfrey;best
Compromise is the best and cheapest lawyer.;Robert Louis Stevenson;best
Your purpose is to make your audience see what you saw, hear what you heard, feel what you felt. Relevant detail, couched in concrete, colorful language, is the best way to recreate the incident as it happened and to picture it for the audience.;Dale Carnegie;best
The best way to sell yourself to others is first to sell the others to yourself.;Napoleon Hill;best
A large income is the best recipe for happiness I ever heard of.;Jane Austen;best
One thing is sure. We have to do something. We have to do the best we know how at the moment... If it doesn't turn out right, we can modify it as we go along.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;best
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you.;Rita Mae Brown;best
That is what we are supposed to do when we are at our best - make it all up - but make it up so truly that later it will happen that way.;Ernest Hemingway;best
The best is the enemy of the good.;Voltaire;best
Marilyn Monroe wasn't even her real name, Charles Manson isn't his real name, and now, I'm taking that to be my real name. But what's real? You can't find the truth, you just pick the lie you like the best.;Marilyn Manson;best
The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds. The pessimist fears it is true.;J. Robert Oppenheimer;best
The best activities for your health are pumping and humping.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;best
In this world you've just got to hope for the best and prepare for the worst and take whatever God sends.;Lucy Maud Montgomery;best
The best government is a benevolent tyranny tempered by an occasional assassination.;Voltaire;best
Everyone enjoys doing the kind of work for which he is best suited.;Napoleon Hill;best
In a completely rational society, the best of us would be teachers and the rest of us would have to settle for something else.;Lee Iacocca;best
All significant truths are private truths. As they become public they cease to become truths they become facts, or at best, part of the public character or at worst, catchwords.;T. S. Eliot;best
The best way to be boring is to leave nothing out.;Voltaire;best
We would all like to vote for the best man but he is never a candidate.;Kin Hubbard;best
Our best successes often come after our greatest disappointments.;Henry Ward Beecher;best
And while the law of competition may be sometimes hard for the individual, it is best for the race, because it ensures the survival of the fittest in every department.;Andrew Carnegie;best
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass anyway we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use.;Earl Nightingale;best
Do right. Do your best. Treat others as you want to be treated.;Lou Holtz;best
Among the natural rights of the colonists are these: First a right to life, secondly to liberty, and thirdly to property together with the right to defend them in the best manner they can.;Samuel Adams;best
The best government is that which teaches us to govern ourselves.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;best
Just do the best you can. No one can do more than that.;John Wooden;best
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;best
The death of my father is probably the biggest thing that I ever faced. Daddy and I were best friends.;Joel Osteen;best
The genius of the United States is not best or most in its executives or legislatures, nor in its ambassadors or authors or colleges, or churches, or parlors, nor even in its newspapers or inventors, but always most in the common people.;Walt Whitman;best
The best scientist is open to experience and begins with romance - the idea that anything is possible.;Ray Bradbury;best
Our worldly successes cannot be guaranteed, but our ability to achieve spiritual success is entirely up to us, thanks to the grace of God. The best advice I know is to give is to give those worldly things your best but never your all - reserve the ultimate hope for the only one who can grant it.;Mitt Romney;best
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.;Alan Kay;best
Which government is the best? The one that teaches us to govern ourselves.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;best
About astrology and palmistry: they are good because they make people vivid and full of possibilities. They are communism at its best. Everybody has a birthday and almost everybody has a palm.;Kurt Vonnegut;best
Luck marches with those who give their very best.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;best
I find that the best way to do things is to constantly move forward and to never doubt anything and keep moving forward, if you make a mistake say you made a mistake.;John Frusciante;best
In art the best is good enough.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;best
One cannot develop taste from what is of average quality but only from the very best.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;best
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.;Napoleon Bonaparte;best
The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it.;Dale Carnegie;best
Best of all is it to preserve everything in a pure, still heart, and let there be for every pulse a thanksgiving, and for every breath a song.;Konrad von Gesner;best
You teach best what you most need to learn.;Richard Bach;best
It is always the best policy to speak the truth, unless, of course, you are an exceptionally good liar.;Jerome K. Jerome;best
To refrain from imitation is the best revenge.;Marcus Aurelius;best
Yes'm, old friends is always best, 'less you can catch a new one that's fit to make an old one out of.;Sarah Orne Jewett;best
The best lack all conviction, while the worst are full of passionate intensity.;William Butler Yeats;best
There is an infinite difference between a little wrong and just right, between fairly good and the best, between mediocrity and superiority.;Orison Swett Marden;best
I just want to do what I do best, and that's fight. I love it.;Mike Tyson;best
No one can really honestly be the very best, no one.;John Wooden;best
Some of my best leading men have been dogs and horses.;Elizabeth Taylor;best
You must accept that you might fail then, if you do your best and still don't win, at least you can be satisfied that you've tried. If you don't accept failure as a possibility, you don't set high goals, you don't branch out, you don't try - you don't take the risk.;Rosalynn Carter;best
You always want to quit while you are ahead. You don't want to be like a fighter who stays too long in the ring until you're not performing at your best.;Clint Eastwood;best
To be successful in real estate, you must always and consistently put your clients' best interests first. When you do, your personal needs will be realized beyond your greatest expectations.;Anthony Hitt;best
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.;Andy Warhol;best
The 1st period is won by the best technician. The 2nd period is won by the kid in the best shape. The 3rd period is won by the kid with the biggest heart.;Dan Gable;best
There's a lot of great movies that have won the Academy Award, and a lot of great movies that haven't. You just do the best you can.;Clint Eastwood;best
