The fear of failure is so great, it is no wonder that the desire to do right by one's children has led to a whole library of books offering advice on how to raise them.;Bruno Bettelheim;failure
I think you can learn as much from success as you can from failure.;Corey Hart;failure
The vast majority of large scale change efforts fail. Which means that the probability that you have actually experienced a failure, and your people know that and are pessimistic, therefore, about trying something again, is very high.;John P. Kotter;failure
I believe my publisher has shown a great deal of faith in me over a lot of years but I'm not prepared to be so arrogant to say that the long-term literary value of my work would compensate them for a financial failure.;Andrew Vachss;failure
Fear comes in two packages fear of failure, and sometimes, fear of success.;Tom Kite;failure
But whatever my failure, I have this thing to remember - that I was a pioneer in my profession, just as my grandfathers were in theirs, in that I was the first man in this section to earn his living as a writer.;Robert E. Howard;failure
Has Bill Clinton inspired idealism in the young, as he himself was inspired by John F. Kennedy? Or has he actually reduced their idealism? Surely part of the answer lies in Clinton's personal moral lapse with Monica Lewinsky. But more important was his sin of omission - his failure to embrace a moral cause beyond popularity.;Arlie Russell Hochschild;failure
You cannot learn anything from success, you only learn from failure.;Jim Dale;failure
If you don't accept failure as a possibility, you don't set high goals, you don't branch out, you don't try - you don't take the risk.;Rosalynn Carter;failure
We can't have a failure in Iraq, but we also can't be there for the next 10 years because if we are, it's going to become, I think, a failure in and of itself.;Dennis Ross;failure
The time I had waited probably made the difference between success and failure.;Anna Neagle;failure
In our tabulation of psychoanalytic results, we have classed those who stopped treatment together with those not improved. This appears to be reasonable a patient who fails to finish his treatment, and is not improved, is surely a therapeutic failure.;Hans Eysenck;failure
The more control you have over your life, the more responsible you feel for your own success - or failure.;Arthur C. Brooks;failure
I'm fascinated by failure, and I'm fascinated by finality. Shakespeare's historical plays are more universal than his comedies because they relate to the finality of life. Without finality, life would not be beautiful.;George Hickenlooper;failure
Most of the work performed by a development engineer results in failure.;Koichi Tanaka;failure
Our nation's Social Security Trust Fund is depleting at an alarming rate, and failure to implement immediate reforms endangers the ability of Americans to plan for their retirement with the options and certainty they deserve.;Pete Sessions;failure
And I went to New York and died for 10 years I walked those pavements. I can't think of New York without feeling uncomfortable and feeling like a failure.;Harvey Korman;failure
I have experienced failure as a politician and for that very reason, I am ready to give everything for Japan.;Shinzo Abe;failure
To me, all war is failure for humanity, though it often is a bounty for commerce.;Mark Edwards;failure
I know acts and I'm not going to name names but these people sold ten million copies the first time and the second album sells three million and it's considered a failure and they're dropped and that's really a shame.;Gerry Beckley;failure
Even in a gleefully negative comic, there is optimism, although it's slightly hidden: It comes out through a comic character's sheer tenacity. He keeps going and trying to find some sort of fulfillment regardless of his perpetual failure record. That's a form of hope, a form of optimism. Really hokey I know, but it's true.;Lev Yilmaz;failure
Over the next four years, we will be bold. We will be willing to experiment. We will not fear failure.;Matt Blunt;failure
Feeling is the consciousness of the resulting conditions - of success, failure, equilibrium, compromise or balance, in this continuous rivalry of ideas.;James M. Baldwin;failure
Ninety-nine percent of pilots that go up never have engine failure, and the 1 percent that do usually land it. But if you're up in the air and something goes wrong, you pull that parachute, and the whole plane goes down slowly.;Cory Lidle;failure
Success breeds success, and failure leads to a sort of fallow period.;Felicity Kendal;failure
I went to a motivational training course once, a course of self-discovery, and I found out after a week that my fear - it was not a fear of not being accepted - was a very violent fear of failure.;Emanuel Steward;failure
There is always time for failure.;John Mortimer;failure
It has now been over 7 years since Congress last raised the minimum wage to its current level of $5.15 per hour. Since that last increase, Congress's failure to adjust the wage for inflation has reduced the purchasing power of the minimum wage to record low levels.;Jon Corzine;failure
You accept failure as a possible outcome of some of the experiments. If you don't get failures, you're not pushing hard enough on the objectives.;John Poindexter;failure
Successful entrepreneurs find the balance between listening to their inner voice and staying persistent in driving for success - because sometimes success is waiting right across from the transitional bump that's disguised as failure.;Naveen Jain;failure
In the business world today, failure is apparently not an option. We need to change this attitude toward failure - and celebrate the idea that only by falling on our collective business faces do we learn enough to succeed down the road.;Naveen Jain;failure
If 50 percent of your career is not filled with failure, you're not really successful.;John Larroquette;failure
Something is wanting, and something must be done, or we shall be involved in all the horror of failure, and civil war without a prospect of its termination.;Henry Knox;failure
Mr. Gonzales' failure to respond to questions legitimately posed to him by the Senate raises grave doubts in my mind as to his fitness to serve the people of the United States as their Attorney General.;Daniel Inouye;failure
In the different voice of women lies the truth of an ethic of care, the tie between relationship and responsibility, and the origins of aggression in the failure of connection.;Carol Gilligan;failure
At the end of the day I have always seen the end of my relationships as a personal failure. There is nothing ever pretty in saying goodbye.;Elisabetta Canalis;failure
The success or failure of a life, as far as posterity goes, seems to lie in the more or less luck of seizing the right moment of escape.;Alice James;failure
American democracy must be a failure because it places the supreme authority in the hands of the poorest and most ignorant part of the society.;Thomas Babington Macaulay;failure
It was an interesting question as to whether the BBC had a future in the digital world, and what form of market failure could justify the licence fee system.;Gavyn Davies;failure
The fact that The Bridge contains folk lore and other material suitable to the epic form need not therefore prove its failure as a long lyric poem, with interrelated sections.;Hart Crane;failure
Learning starts with failure the first failure is the beginning of education.;John Hersey;failure
It's a failure of national vision when you regard children as weapons, and talents as materials you can mine, assay, and fabricate for profit and defense.;John Hersey;failure
Most people think of success and failure as opposites, but they both are products of the same process.;Roger von Oech;failure
I've learned to think in terms of having a long career. Actors can have very long careers that last until the day we die, but there will be moments when you'll feel like you're a failure or when you're disappointed in yourself.;Bryce Dallas Howard;failure
The dream is real, my friends. The failure to realize it is the only unreality.;Toni Cade Bambara;failure
Why do we capital-N Nerds love Mars so much? Because it's beautiful, it's tough, it's buried in our mythic, childhood memories. It's covered with human triumphs but also with sad stories of failure.;Greg Bear;failure
Humanitarian missions are little different from any other public enterprise, diplomacy included, which is susceptible of misinterpretation by the public, hence ultimately of failure.;Alvin Adams;failure
My film directorial career has been nothing but repetition of one failure after another!;Takeshi Kitano;failure
We decided to try in vitro, because both Peter and I felt we couldn't handle another failure. When I miscarried after that, we had to come to terms with the possibility that this wasn't meant to be.;Christie Brinkley;failure
There is only one real failure in life that is possible, and that is, not to be true to the best one knows.;Frederic William Farrar;failure
When I got Jacob's Latter, I was nervous because I felt I wasn't allowed to fail. I felt that they were waiting for one little failure and that would prove them right and I'd be,'out of there.';Elizabeth Pena;failure
A failure will not appear until a unit has passed final inspection.;Arthur Bloch;failure
The failure of women to produce genius of the first rank in most of the supreme forms of human effort has been used to block the way of all women of talent and ambition for intellectual achievement.;Anna Garlin Spencer;failure
When I was about 15... I made my first attempt as a leading lady, and was, of course, a complete failure.;Maude Adams;failure
Fear of failure must never be a reason not to try something.;Frederick Smith;failure
One failure is worth seven and a half successes.;Eli Khamarov;failure
Nothing fails like failure.;Margaret Drabble;failure
As a younger player, you always kind of play with that fear of failure.;Jason Giambi;failure
Y'know, the real reason why I was such a failure in the sense of being unable to make any sort of a living was because I was really not motivated. I had no motivation.;Paul Twitchell;failure
I rise today to offer a formal and heartfelt apology to all the victims of lynching in our history, and for the failure of the United States Senate to take action when action was most needed.;George Allen;failure
I've criticized President Bush for his failure to use his veto pen. There's plenty of blame to go around. The question is how to solve problems. It's not bailouts. What made America great? Free markets, free enterprise, manufacturing, job creation. That's how we're gonna do it, not by enlarging government.;Scott Brown;failure
You have to risk failure to succeed. The important thing is not to make one single mistake that will jeopardize the future.;An Wang;failure
If you want to increase your success rate, double your failure rate.;Thomas John Watson, Sr.;failure
The sentiments in Hawaii about Washington's failure of leadership are no different than the rest of the country.;Ed Case;failure
Slowly the poison the whole blood stream fills. It is not the effort nor the failure tires. The waste remains, the waste remains and kills.;William Empson;failure
It breaks my heart to see these young, really talented bands getting chewed up into the system. I remember a time if you'd signed to a major label it was such a sell out! But now... unless you've signed to a big label, you're a failure now.;Mike Peters;failure
Our managers hadn't had that kind of success - the record company hadn't, we hadn't - and the feeling was that the next record had to be even bigger, and if it wasn't it would be some kind of failure.;Roland Gift;failure
With engineering, I view this year's failure as next year's opportunity to try it again. Failures are not something to be avoided. You want to have them happen as quickly as you can so you can make progress rapidly.;Gordon Moore;failure
The assertion of failure coming from such persons does not mean that Mr. Mill failed to promote the practical success of those objects the advocacy of which forms the chief feature of his political writings.;Millicent Fawcett;failure
I knew that there were several, among African-American leaders, who had been put out by me because of my failure or reluctance to endorse Sen. Kerry.;Rodney Alexander;failure
I simply don't believe in failure. In itself, it doesn't exist. We create it. We make ourselves fail.;Alice Foote MacDougall;failure
I grew up playing sports. There is a clear line between success and failure.;Tiki Barber;failure
At the root of many a woman's failure to become a great cook lies her failure to develop a workmanlike regard for knives.;Robert Farrar Capon;failure
I think our failure in the production of good town churches of distinctive character must have struck you often, as it has me, when contrasted with our comparative success in country churches.;George Edmund Street;failure
And obviously, with hindsight now, now knowing what went on in the company, it would have been absolutely appropriate back then for us to have the chief executive of the company, most senior person in the United Kingdom, come and answer for the policy they were pursuing. And we ducked that, and frankly that's a failure of Parliament.;Tom A. Watson;failure
Sometimes you learn more from failure than you do from success, and in some ways it's better to have failure at the beginning of your career, or your life.;Michael Crawford;failure
Divorce is never a pleasant experience. You look upon it as a failure. But I learned to be a different person once we broke up. Sometimes you learn more from failure than you do from success.;Michael Crawford;failure
Testing leads to failure, and failure leads to understanding.;Burt Rutan;failure
We are equally glad and surprised at Winston's return to office. It shows that he was built for success that he should have declined to withdraw and sulk over a superficial failure.;Shane Leslie;failure
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.;Colin R. Davis;failure
After that he turned to the question of invading England. Hitler said that during the previous year he could not afford to risk a possible failure apart from that, he had not wished to provoke the British, as he hoped to arrange peace talks.;Kurt Student;failure
In Washington, success is just a training course for failure.;Simon Hoggart;failure
Never permit failure to become a habit.;William Frederick Book;failure
Failure is not a crime. The crime is not trying.;Ron Dellums;failure
Failure and its accompanying misery is for the artist his most vital source of creative energy.;Montgomery Clift;failure
I had to succeed. Failure means I would have to be homeless again.;Elie Tahari;failure
Educational institutes can no longer be prizes in church politics or furnish berths for failure in other walks of life.;E. Franklin Frazier;failure
There's tons of creative people in television that have one failure after another, and they just step up higher. I could never get over that. When I had a failure, there was no such thing as just getting over it.;Chuck Barris;failure
Spend enough time around success and failure, and you learn a reverence for possibility.;Dale Dauten;failure
Sometimes a noble failure serves the world as faithfully as a distinguished success.;Edward Dowden;failure
It is commonly said that a teacher fails if he has not been surpassed by his students. There has been no failure on our part in this regard considering how far they have gone.;Edmond H. Fischer;failure
Ken Lay has, does and will continue to accept responsibility for the fall of Enron. He was the man at the controls. But failure is not a crime.;Michael Ramsey;failure
I think the greatest taboos in America are faith and failure.;Michael Malone;failure
Success and failure are greatly overrated. But failure gives you a whole lot more to talk about.;Hildegard Knef;failure
Don't take too much comfort in the fact that you're successful today because tomorrow could bring failure. There's no surety in life.;Michael Savage;failure
It really is impossible not to like him. His success was his failure.;Arthur C. Danto;failure
Persistent people begin their success where others end in failure.;Edward Eggleston;failure
Failure is not fatal victory is not success.;Tony Richardson;failure
There's only one thing that can guarantee our failure, and that's if we quit.;Craig Breedlove;failure
