The world is divided into men who have wit and no religion and men who have religion and no wit.;Avicenna;religion
Religion in its humility restores man to his only dignity, the courage to live by grace.;George Santayana;religion
Each religion, by the help of more or less myth, which it takes more or less seriously, proposes some method of fortifying the human soul and enabling it to make its peace with its destiny.;George Santayana;religion
Wealth, religion, military victory have more rhetorical than efficacious worth.;George Santayana;religion
There is no cure for the pride of a virtuous nation but pure religion.;Reinhold Niebuhr;religion
There is a heroism in crime as well as in virtue. Vice and infamy have their altars and their religion.;William Hazlitt;religion
If your religion doesn't teach you the difference between good and evil, your religion is worse than useless.;Dennis Prager;religion
Such are the heights of wickedness to which men are driven by religion.;Lucretius;religion
The Christian religion not only was at first attended with miracles, but even at this day cannot be believed by any reasonable person without one.;David Hume;religion
Religion is part of the human make-up. It's also part of our cultural and intellectual history. Religion was our first attempt at literature, the texts, our first attempt at cosmology, making sense of where we are in the universe, our first attempt at health care, believing in faith healing, our first attempt at philosophy.;Christopher Hitchens;religion
Moral values, and a culture and a religion, maintaining these values are far better than laws and regulations.;Swami Sivananda;religion
A man has no religion who has not slowly and painfully gathered one together, adding to it, shaping it and one's religion is never complete and final, it seems, but must always be undergoing modification.;David Herbert Lawrence;religion
Morality without religion is only a kind of dead reckoning - an endeavor to find our place on a cloudy sea by measuring the distance we have run, but without any observation of the heavenly bodies.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;religion
Movies are my religion and God is my patron. I'm lucky enough to be in the position where I don't make movies to pay for my pool. When I make a movie, I want it to be everything to me like I would die for it.;Quentin Tarantino;religion
My first memories of religion were being taken to Episcopal church. My father was Catholic, but my mother, I believe, was Episcopal. So I sort of veered off into the watered-down version of Catholicism.;Marilyn Manson;religion
My great religion is a belief in the blood, the flesh, as being wiser than the intellect. We can go wrong in our minds. But what our blood feels and believes and says, is always true. The intellect is only a bit and a bridle.;David Herbert Lawrence;religion
Religion is the recognition of all our duties as divine commands.;Immanuel Kant;religion
Superstition is the only religion of which base souls are capable of.;Joseph Joubert;religion
There is no higher religion than human service. To work for the common good is the greatest creed.;Woodrow Wilson;religion
Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the church, and the private school, supported entirely by private contributions. Keep the church and state forever separate.;Ulysses S. Grant;religion
After all, is football a game or a religion?;Howard Cosell;religion
To know a person's religion we need not listen to his profession of faith but must find his brand of intolerance.;Eric Hoffer;religion
Generally speaking, the errors in religion are dangerous those in philosophy only ridiculous.;David Hume;religion
If you reject the food, ignore the customs, fear the religion and avoid the people, you might better stay at home.;James A. Michener;religion
I count religion but a childish toy, and hold there is no sin but ignorance.;Christopher Marlowe;religion
You know, religion itself, Eastern and Western, is divisive and quarrelsome anyway.;Deepak Chopra;religion
I don't have a religion. I believe in a God. I don't know what it looks like but it's MY god. My own interpretation of the supernatural.;Jennifer Aniston;religion
Religion without humanity is very poor human stuff.;Sojourner Truth;religion
I never saw, heard, nor read, that the clergy were beloved in any nation where Christianity was the religion of the country. Nothing can render them popular, but some degree of persecution.;Jonathan Swift;religion
I told the brethren that the Book of Mormon was the most correct of any book on earth, and the keystone of our religion, and a man would get nearer to God by abiding by its precepts, than by any other book.;Joseph Smith, Jr.;religion
The one thing that unites all human beings, regardless of age, gender, religion or ethnic background, is that we all believe we are above-average drivers.;Dave Barry;religion
When push comes to shove, it ain't the science that's going to lift you up-it's the belief, the spiritual side of life, that's going to lift you up, no matter what religion you are.;Kirstie Alley;religion
It is a fine thing to establish one's own religion in one's heart, not to be dependent on tradition and second-hand ideals. Life will seem to you, later, not a lesser, but a greater thing.;David Herbert Lawrence;religion
If I don't talk about my religion, if I say I'm not discussing it or different humanitarian things I'm working on, they're like, 'He's avoiding it.' If I do talk about it, it becomes, 'Oh, he's proselytizing.';Tom Cruise;religion
There are three modes of bearing the ills of life, by indifference, by philosophy, and by religion.;Charles Caleb Colton;religion
Bigotry murders religion to frighten fools with her ghost.;Charles Caleb Colton;religion
In religion as in politics it so happens that we have less charity for those who believe half our creed, than for those who deny the whole of it.;Charles Caleb Colton;religion
I am determined that my children shall be brought up in their father's religion, if they can find out what it is.;Charles Lamb;religion
The real religion of the world comes from women much more than from men - from mothers most of all, who carry the key of our souls in their bosoms.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;religion
Love and business and family and religion and art and patriotism are nothing but shadows of words when a man's starving!;O. Henry;religion
God's love is too great to be confined to any one side of a conflict or to any one religion.;Desmond Tutu;religion
Wherever men and women are persecuted because of their race, religion, or political views, that place must - at that moment - become the center of the universe.;Elie Wiesel;religion
It's one thing to be religious, but it's another thing to make religion your policy.;Madeleine Albright;religion
The essence of America - that which really unites us - is not ethnicity, or nationality or religion - it is an idea - and what an idea it is: That you can come from humble circumstances and do great things.;Condoleezza Rice;religion
I ask you to pray for me, for once age has overtaken us, we find consolation only in religion.;Paul Cezanne;religion
You know what the fastest growing religion in America is? Statism. The growing reliance on government.;Marco Rubio;religion
I found a religion that blended scientific reason with spiritual reality in a unifying faith far removed from the headlines of violence, destruction and terrorism.;Cat Stevens;religion
After it is all over, the religion of man is his most important possession.;John D. Rockefeller;religion
Religion is compulsory in English schools, you know.;Christopher Hitchens;religion
Religion is not going to come up with any new arguments.;Christopher Hitchens;religion
A lot of people, because of my contempt for the false consolations of religion, think of me as a symbolic public opponent of that in extremis. And sometimes that makes me feel a bit alarmed, to be the repository of other people's hope.;Christopher Hitchens;religion
My children, to the extent that they have found religion, have found it from me, in that I insist on at least a modicum of religious education for them.;Christopher Hitchens;religion
I don't think Romney is wacky at all, but religion makes intelligent people say and do wacky things, believe and affirm crazy things. Left on his own, Romney would never have said something like the Garden Of Eden was in Missouri, and will be again.;Christopher Hitchens;religion
Hobbies of any kind are boring except to people who have the same hobby. This is also true of religion, although you will not find me saying so in print.;Dave Barry;religion
I would no more quarrel with a man because of his religion than I would because of his art.;Mary Baker Eddy;religion
Too many younger artists, critics, and curators are fetishizing the sixties, transforming the period into a deformed cult, a fantasy religion, a hip brand, and a crippling disease.;Jerry Saltz;religion
Twin-sister of Religion, Selfishness.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;religion
Religion is not merely the opium of the masses, it's the cyanide.;Tom Robbins;religion
There is a vulgar incredulity, which in historical matters, as well as in those of religion, finds it easier to doubt than to examine.;Walter Scott;religion
India is the meeting place of the religions and among these Hinduism alone is by itself a vast and complex thing, not so much a religion as a great diversified and yet subtly unified mass of spiritual thought, realization and aspiration.;Sri Aurobindo;religion
Personally, I don't choose any particular religion or symbol or group of words or teachings to define me. That's between me and the most high. You know, my higher self. The Creator.;Erykah Badu;religion
There are two sorts of hypocrites: ones that are deceived with their outward morality and external religion and the others are those that are deceived with false discoveries and elevation which often cry down works, and men's own righteousness, and.;Jonathan Edwards;religion
Modern bodybuilding is ritual, religion, sport, art, and science, awash in Western chemistry and mathematics. Defying nature, it surpasses it.;Camille Paglia;religion
Real religion is no religion at all.;Lauryn Hill;religion
The major obstacle to a religious renewal is the intellectual classes, who are highly influential and tend to view religion as primitive superstition. They believe that science has left atheism as the only respectable intellectual stance.;Robert Bork;religion
Religion has caused more harm than any other idea since the beginning of time. There's nothing good I can say about it. People use it as a crutch.;Larry Flynt;religion
If we have to give up either religion or education, we should give up education.;William Jennings Bryan;religion
Some of you say religion makes people happy. So does laughing gas.;Clarence Darrow;religion
Counting is the religion of this generation it is its hope and its salvation.;Gertrude Stein;religion
What is marriage, is marriage protection or religion, is marriage renunciation or abundance, is marriage a stepping-stone or an end. What is marriage.;Gertrude Stein;religion
Science is a differential equation. Religion is a boundary condition.;Alan Turing;religion
Our religion is itself profoundly sad - a religion of universal anguish, and one which, because of its very catholicity, grants full liberty to the individual and asks no better than to be celebrated in each man's own language - so long as he knows anguish and is a painter.;Charles Baudelaire;religion
Even if it were proven that God didn't exist, Religion would still be Saintly and Divine.;Charles Baudelaire;religion
We all dream. We dream vividly, depending on our nature. Our existence is beyond our explanation, whether we believe in God or we have religion or we're atheist.;Anthony Hopkins;religion
I am not systematic at all when it comes to religion. I just love life. And I'm not judgmental. And I'm a vegetarian.;Erykah Badu;religion
To die for a religion is easier than to live it absolutely.;Jorge Luis Borges;religion
In matters of religion and matrimony I never give any advice because I will not have anybody's torments in this world or the next laid to my charge.;Lord Chesterfield;religion
Don't try to tear down other people's religion about their ears, Build up your own perfect structure of truth, and invite your listeners to enter in and enjoy it's glories.;Brigham Young;religion
Religion must completely encircle the spirit of ethical man like his element, and this luminous chaos of divine thoughts and feelings is called enthusiasm.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;religion
Religion can emerge in all forms of feeling: here wild anger, there the sweetest pain here consuming hatred, there the childlike smile of serene humility.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;religion
Religion is doing a man does not merely think his religion or feel it, he 'lives' his religion as much as he is able, otherwise it is not religion but fantasy or philosophy.;G. I. Gurdjieff;religion
There was no division I could see between the essential teaching of all Prophets and wise men of religion.;Cat Stevens;religion
The latest horror to hit the U.S. looks to have been caused by people of Middle Eastern origin, bearing Muslim names. Again, shame. This fuels more hatred for a religion and a people who have nothing to do with these events.;Cat Stevens;religion
They have hijacked my religion.;Cat Stevens;religion
In the early days I had a very black-and-white view of everything. I think that's kind of natural for anyone who's just embraced Islam - or any religion - as a convert. It was important for me to duck out of the fast and furious life I'd been living as a pop star. I was in a different mood.;Cat Stevens;religion
Eradicating a religion of kindness is, I think, a terrible thing for the Chinese to attempt.;Martin Scorsese;religion
My whole life has been movies and religion. That's it. Nothing else.;Martin Scorsese;religion
I hold that religion and faith are two different things.;Pat Buckley;religion
Baseball just a came as simple as a ball and bat. Yet, as complex as the American spirit it symbolizes. A sport, a business and sometimes almost even a religion.;Ernie Harwell;religion
Adherents of the new religious right reject the separation of politics and religion, but they bring no spiritual insights to politics.;Christopher Lasch;religion
Religion has caused more misery to all of mankind in every stage of human history than any other single idea.;Madalyn Murray O'Hair;religion
If you are part of a religion that very strongly insists that you believe then to decide not to do that is quite a big hurdle to jump over. You never forget the thought process you went through. It becomes part of your whole intellectual picture.;Brian Eno;religion
If you grow up in a very strong religion like Catholicism you certainly cultivate in yourself a certain taste for the intensity of ideas.;Brian Eno;religion
I'm actually an evangelical atheist, but there is something I recognise about religion: that it gives people a chance to surrender.;Brian Eno;religion
The fact that religion plays such a part in how people vote troubles me, troubles me as a minister's daughter. Because I always felt that the separation of church and state was what our forefathers and foremothers really fought for.;Tori Amos;religion
The habit of religion is oppressive, an easy way out of thought.;Peter Ustinov;religion
My philosophy is to do the best you can for somebody. Help. It's not just what do you for yourself. It's how you treat people decently. The golden rule. There isn't big anything better than the golden rule. It's in every major religion in one language or another.;Art Linkletter;religion
In my view, the Christian religion is the most important and one of the first things in which all children, under a free government ought to be instructed.;Noah Webster;religion
There's a gullible side to the American people. They can be easily misled. Religion is the best device used to mislead them.;Michael Moore;religion
