In the field of health care, we are giving people access to insurance who have not had it before.;Christine Gregoire;health
It was one of the most exciting, perfect evenings of my life, my solo debut at Carnegie Hall. And knowing we were all there to raise money for Gay Men's Health Crisis made the evening an extraordinary experience.;Bernadette Peters;health
More and more surveys in the US are indicating a change in values taking place among consumers, who become more concerned about quality of life, food, health and the environment.;David Korten;health
And if you're not going to have a clear health threat, you don't want to panic people.;William Scranton;health
Most illegals are without health insurance, and when these workers need emergency healthcare, the American taxpayer gets stuck with the bill.;Spencer Bachus;health
Illegal immigrants are beginning to comprise a black market class of workers in our society, jeopardizing the financial health of companies which play by the rules, while themselves vulnerable to the exploitation by those willing to take advantage of their illegal status.;Spencer Bachus;health
Any veteran can tell you it is already hard enough to see a doctor down at the VA and get the health care they were promised when they signed up to serve this country.;Nick Lampson;health
I was for civil unions and believed strongly that the flow of benefits and protections that would be provided in a civil union for same-sex couples, the decisions that have to be made, when health hardships are faced, when economic hardships are faced, I wanted all of those protections. I never strayed from them.;Harold Ford;health
You're entitled to Medicaid regardless of your income. Don't worry about your health care.;Max Baucus;health
Every American has a right to affordable, high-quality health care.;Max Baucus;health
Health reform is an essential part of restoring America's economy and maintaining our competitiveness.;Max Baucus;health
But reducing harmful emissions, abating our dependence on foreign oil and developing alternative renewable energy sources have benefits that go beyond environmental health, they improve personal health, enhance national security and encourage our nation's economic viability.;Jim Clyburn;health
Pharmaceutical companies are enjoying unprecedented profits and access with this Administration. Yet the Republicans' prescription drug plan for seniors has been a colossal failure, and over 43 million Americans wake up every morning without health insurance.;Jim Clyburn;health
Democrats believe we must have comprehensive health care reform that includes giving the federal government authority to negotiate lower prices with drug companies.;Jim Clyburn;health
People are at their happiest if they are true to themselves. I think that applies to their chosen profession, friends and relationships. It goes for your health too. If you are true to yourself, it seems to me everything should work out pretty well.;Bebe Neuwirth;health
When I left my parents' home when I was 19, I went to the University of Florida, and within 24 hours was in the mental health department. And within 20 minutes, I was being told by the director there that they didn't have what I needed there.;Darrell Hammond;health
Irregular contact with doctors means many men fail to receive any preventive care for potentially life-threatening conditions. In addition, when men do seek care, embarrassment can often prevent them from openly discussing health concerns with their physicians.;Michael Crapo;health
This change to a higher phase of alert is a signal to governments, to ministries of health and other ministries, to the pharmaceutical industry and the business community that certain actions now should be undertaken with increased urgency and at an accelerated pace.;Margaret Chan;health
We have really good data that show when you take patients and you really inform them about their choices, patients make more frugal choices. They pick more efficient choices than the health care system does.;Donald Berwick;health
Paul Farmer has helped to build amazing health care system in one of the poorest areas of Haiti. He founded Partners in Health, which serves the destitute and the sick in many parts of the world from Haiti to Boston and from Russia to Peru.;Tracy Kidder;health
I had all kinds of food issues, including health concerns and weight concerns.;Sally Schneider;health
Using lots of fresh foods, fruits and vegetables, helps to keep the menu buoyant - I don't know if that's the right word, but it keeps a balance of freshness and health.;Sally Schneider;health
My home State of North Carolina ranks 12th in the United States for increased aging population and, according to a national report, 41st in overall health. According to this same report, individuals aged 50+ are the least healthy.;Howard Coble;health
I look forward to working with our leadership team to advance the causes of smaller government, lower taxes, eliminating terrorism, and providing affordable health care, among other issues.;Howard Coble;health
The first draught serveth for health, the second for pleasure, the third for shame, and the fourth for madness.;Anacharsis;health
Col. Shaffer is prohibited by his lawyer from talking. He's at great risk. They want to take away his pay and his health care benefits so they can hold it over his head and not allow him to talk while he's under suspension. This is not America.;Curt Weldon;health
Today, diabetes is now epidemic, according to the Centers for Disease Control, the National Institutes of Health, the American Diabetes Association and other national healthcare leaders.;Tim Holden;health
I am not the Conservative Party's health care spokesman. I'm fond of Andrew Lansley, and I strongly support David Cameron as party leader.;Daniel Hannan;health
In speech after speech on his health care plan, the President has tried to convince us that what he is proposing will be good for America. But, how can it be good for America if it raises taxes by a half trillion dollars and costs a trillion dollars or more to implement?;Scott Brown;health
As problems like identity theft become more prevalent, now more than ever, Americans need to take their financial health seriously - and this information is of the utmost importance.;Ruben Hinojosa;health
The people of South and Central Texas and the Coastal Bend need jobs, they need health care, they need water infrastructure improvements, they need a quality education, and they need the resources to keep our borders safe and secure.;Ruben Hinojosa;health
Most Americans want health insurance.;Jacob Lew;health
I think the thing that the American people want is for the divisive debate on health care to stop.;Jacob Lew;health
If you have a student who graduates from college and they don't have a job, they are now able to stay on their family health plan.;Jacob Lew;health
If you look at the cost of providing health insurance, it actually doesn't cost more to provide a plan with contraceptive coverage than it does without.;Jacob Lew;health
I'm a big proponent of having a mental health component go along with whatever the physical realities are.;Alan Thicke;health
My priority is to turn people - especially kids - on to sports and being active so they don't even have to think about it being good for their health. If people participate for the fun of it, and believe me - it is fun, then fitness programs will be much more successful.;Alan Thicke;health
We take our kids for physical vaccinations, dental exams, eye checkups. When do we think to take our - our son or daughter for a mental health checkup?;Gordon Smith;health
While Haiti has recently celebrated more than 200 years of independence from French colonial rule, the citizens of the island remain vulnerable to poverty, poor health, and political chaos.;Eliot Engel;health
The real cure for what ails our health care system today is less government and more freedom.;Steve Forbes;health
America's doctors, nurses and medical researchers are the best in the world, but our health care system is broken.;Mike Ferguson;health
In my case, I pay a standard premium to participate in the Federal Employees' Health Benefits Plan for my wife and myself out of each month's paycheck.;Virgil Goode;health
Seven presidents before him - Democrats and Republicans - tried to expand health care to all Americans. President Obama got it done.;Julian Castro;health
We don't come to Canada for our health. We can think of other ways of enjoying ourselves.;Prince Philip;health
If a State has reliable scientific information that demonstrates that a warning is needed for a particular food, then in the interest of public health, it should share that information with the FDA and petition for a new national standard.;Nathan Deal;health
But the dollars spent on economic incentives and new investment strategies are wasted unless we seriously address the two most important economic issues in Kansas: education and health care.;Kathleen Sebelius;health
I believe we all agree that, for the health of Kansas, nothing is more important than education.;Kathleen Sebelius;health
We have by far the most expensive health system in the world. We spend 50 percent more per person than the next most costly nation. Americans spend more on health care than housing or food.;Kathleen Sebelius;health
General Motors spends more on health care than steel.;Kathleen Sebelius;health
More than five million seniors have already saved money on their prescription drugs, and almost 33 million have benefited from free preventive services. The president cracked down hard on Medicare and health care fraud, recovering a record-breaking $10.7 billion over the last three years, protecting our seniors. That's what change looks like.;Kathleen Sebelius;health
If you're self-employed, between jobs, or can't get insurance through work, you'll have access to affordable health insurance as good as Congressman Paul Ryan's.;Kathleen Sebelius;health
If you're under 26, you can stay on your parents' plan. You can go back to school or get extra training without fear of a health catastrophe bankrupting your family. Over three million previously uninsured young adults are now on their parents' plans.;Kathleen Sebelius;health
Because when we think about the real facts: 44 million Americans without health insurance, millions without jobs, a 50-year high on mortgage foreclosures, an historic high the third year in a row on personal bankruptcies.;Chaka Fattah;health
I try to make my bed every day for mental health. Coming home to an unmade bed or a room with clothes all over will depress me.;David Alan Grier;health
We can't afford to sacrifice another generation of American children to bureaucratic politics. We've got to get it done. The future, the health, the life - our nation depends on it and it's just foolish to think or act otherwise.;LeVar Burton;health
It's never occurred to me to worry about my health, or that I'll get old, or that people will stop laughing at me.;Frank Carson;health
Even if you walk exactly the same route each time - as with a sonnet - the events along the route cannot be imagined to be the same from day to day, as the poet's health, sight, his anticipations, moods, fears, thoughts cannot be the same.;A. R. Ammons;health
We cannot seek or attain health, wealth, learning, justice or kindness in general. Action is always specific, concrete, individualized, unique.;Benjamin Jowett;health
My good health is due to a soup made of white doves. It is simply wonderful as a tonic.;Chiang Kai-shek;health
For many years I didn't have health insurance.;Chad Harbach;health
One in seven Americans lives without health insurance, and that's a truly staggering figure.;John M. McHugh;health
The study also included the disturbing revelation that most of the troops who reported having mental health problems also reported that they did not seek or did not receive care for their problems.;John M. McHugh;health
The essence of a government health care system - for people who have never lived under it and don't know - is waiting, waiting, waiting. You wait for everything. You wait for years for operations that are routine in America.;Mark Steyn;health
Government health care changes the relationship between the citizen and the state, and, in fact, I think it's an assault on citizenship.;Mark Steyn;health
We immigrants can sometimes sound a little hysterical about this because we come from places that have tried this and we know where it leads. Anybody who's lived in countries with socialized health care knows that it becomes the dominant political issue.;Mark Steyn;health
This is a matter of public health. The public was sick and tired of DeLay and his corruption.;Jim Hightower;health
The good news is, Americans know firsthand the benefits of a free market - more choices, lower prices, higher quality - and there is no reason why we cannot help them see these same benefits in health care.;John Shadegg;health
To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise.;Gene Tunney;health
With more than 1,300 sites of care, VA operates the largest integrated health care system in the county.;Bob Filner;health
The war on terrorism has made national security a legitimate concern, and a rising deficit, changes brought on by globalization and even the price of oil have thrown the nation's economic health into question.;Roger Mahony;health
We must ensure that every worker has healthcare and is able to save for their retirement. We must ensure that our workers have safe and health working conditions.;Leonard Boswell;health
It is imperative for the health and safety of millions of workers that we ensure that breathing systems needed for protection are widely available, convenient and economical.;Bill Shuster;health
Our government has made a number of promises to the men and women who served in our nation's armed forces. Sadly, these promises of health care, education and other benefits have existed more in rhetoric than in reality.;Allen Boyd;health
Every day I wake up and I lay in bed counting my blessings and saying my prayers for how fortunate I am to have great fans and health and family.;Luke Bryan;health
We want to repeal the ObamaCare tax. We want to save middle class families from European health care. And that's what we're going to do as a party and that's what Mitt Romney will do on day one.;Reince Priebus;health
In 2001, America 's hospitals provided nearly $21 billion in uncompensated health care services.;Gary Miller;health
Emergency health care for illegal aliens along the southwestern border is already costing area hospitals $200 million a year, with perhaps another $100 million in extended care costs.;Gary Miller;health
As we get closer to the end of this Congress, we should be addressing the urgent needs of the American people - the war in Iraq, affordable health care, a sensible energy policy, quality education for our children, retirement security, and a sound and fair fiscal policy.;Chris Van Hollen;health
Every day, families in the United States face the stark choice between a roof over their heads and food on the table. Buying health insurance, owning a home, and saving up for college are just too far out of their reach.;Chris Van Hollen;health
I also rise today in strong support of forward movement on the implementation of health information technology, which has the potential to save the United States billions of dollars in health care costs each year.;Russ Carnahan;health
Singing really oxygenates your blood. You stretch your lungs and take in much more air into them than before. It's really good for your health.;Marisa Tomei;health
People were concerned about national security, and that precluded us from having the opportunity to break through on the issues that we cared most about - the economy, education and health care.;Tom Daschle;health
I'd just turned 50, weighed 285, and my doctor had read me the riot act about my health.;Daniel Baldwin;health
Myths about the dire effects of genetically modified foods on health and the environment abound, but they have not held up to scientific scrutiny. And, although many concerns have been expressed about the potential for unexpected consequences, the unexpected effects that have been observed so far have been benign.;Nina Fedoroff;health
If your access to health care involves your leaving work and driving somewhere and parking and waiting for a long time, that's not going to promote healthiness.;Larry Page;health
Congress is attempting to eviscerate women's health care. Like many women across America, I am outraged.;Felicity Huffman;health
The truth is women use contraception not only as a way to prevent unintended pregnancies, but also to improve their health and the health of their families. Increased access to contraception is directly linked to declines in maternal and infant mortality.;Felicity Huffman;health
Thankfully, President Obama has stood firmly behind women's health care issues by supporting coverage for contraception and reaffirming commitment to organizations like Planned Parenthood.;Felicity Huffman;health
Conservatives shouldn't count on the Supreme Court to do our work for us on Obamacare. The Court may rule as it should, and strike down the mandate. But it may not. And even if it does, the future of health care in America - and for that matter, the future of limited government - depends ultimately on the verdict of the American people.;Bill Kristol;health
The old problems - love, money, security, status, health, etc. - are still here to plague us or please us.;Shelley Berman;health
Yes, I do agree we need health care reform however, this bill badly misses the mark. Congress can and must do better for the American people.;John Mica;health
It's time for Haitians to have access to health care. It's time to open our borders to the Haitian diaspora, open our markets to the world. It's time to open our country to potential investors.;Michel Martelly;health
After the break up of the municipality and the loss of his income my father lost health and spirits.;Catherine Helen Spence;health
The long, cold Minnesota winters instilled in me a fascination for exotic far off places I aspired toward a career in tropical diseases and world health problems.;Peter Agre;health
My health is wonderful. I work out. I'm working. Playing music. I have a beautiful wife, a nice home, a nice car, I got money in the bank. I got three beautiful dogs that love me. Like I said, I'm blessed. I survived.;Steven Adler;health
However, many skilled medical volunteers are turned away because community health centers cannot afford to cover their additional medical liability insurance.;Tim Murphy;health
Moreover, health center services save money and lives by treating diseases before they become chronic conditions, require hospital care or require a trip to the emergency room.;Tim Murphy;health
Security is still the most important issue facing Washington state residents and millions of Americans - the security of having a job, of access to affordable health care, of a quality education, and of protecting our homeland and defending our nation.;Patty Murray;health
There is nothing new about these Republican attacks on our family planning decisions. In fact, from the moment they came into power, Republicans in the House of Representatives have been waging a war on women's health.;Patty Murray;health
