My dad was a football player - a soccer player - for Manchester United, and I loved playing football, but I also happened to be the guy in class who was pretty good at sight reading. My teacher gave me scripts, and I was very comfortable.;Ian McShane;teacher
As a former high school teacher, I know that investing in education is one of the most important things we can do, not only for our children, but for the benefit of our whole community.;Ed Pastor;teacher
Before I got Doctor Who, I went to the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. I went back to take the final grade exam, which is the grade you have to take before you can take the teacher's diploma.;Sarah Sutton;teacher
My first acting job happened by accident when I was really young. I was in fifth grade and my teacher saw an ad in the paper and took me to the audition after school and I got the part.;Ajay Naidu;teacher
I was very studious, too much. I would never go out at weekends. I was very serious. You should have seen me in class - I was blushing and sweating every time the teacher asked me something.;Eva Green;teacher
My mother was a P.E. teacher, and she was kind of a fanatic about fitness and nutrition growing up, so it was ingrained in me at a young age. As I get older, I'm finding out it's not about getting all buffed up and looking good. It's more about staying healthy and flexible.;Josh Duhamel;teacher
I guess by taking lessons early on, and really trying to play all the rudimentary stuff, and try to have it sound as good as my teacher. It took a lot of practice, which I enjoyed, and still do.;Matt Cameron;teacher
My mother wanted me to be a teacher. She had this vision of me walking across the quadrangle in an Oxford college wearing my academic gown.;Simon Callow;teacher
I always wanted to be a teacher.;Nicky Hilton;teacher
I had a teacher in art school who said something about the only works he really enjoyed seeing or found much in were works where he had a sense that a discovery was made in the course of making this object. I like to hold to that as my marching orders.;Martin Mull;teacher
People can look to me as a teacher, but I consider myself a student of hip-hop.;Doug E. Fresh;teacher
I was born in Corpus Christi, Texas, the youngest of four girls, including my oldest sister, Lisa, who has special needs. My mom was a special education teacher, and my dad worked on the Army base. We weren't wealthy, but we were determined to succeed.;Eva Longoria;teacher
I didn't want to be the archetypal sponging brother-in-law, so I didn't go into acting when I got to the States. I thought, 'No, I'll go to school and then I'll be an English teacher that'll be fun.' But I was horrible as a teacher. As hard as I tried, I just couldn't inspire those kids to take an interest in Milton and Shakespeare and Donne.;John Mahoney;teacher
There is a shortage of teachers but the January 2001 schools census showed that teacher numbers were at their highest level than at any time since 1984 - and 11,000 higher than 1997.;Estelle Morris;teacher
It was difficult being a teacher and out of the closet in the '50s. By the time I retired, the English department was proud of having a gay poet of a certain minor fame. It was a very satisfactory change!;Thom Gunn;teacher
My old teacher's definition of poetry is an attempt to understand.;Thom Gunn;teacher
The fact of the matter is that when there are feelings involved and you like someone, it doesn't matter if you're an actor, a teacher, a doctor, a lawyer, a receptionist - you can't really help it when you have feelings for someone.;Jessica Szohr;teacher
I wasn't a very good teacher.;Amos Lee;teacher
I decided at age 9, but I was reinforced at age 13 when a teacher told me I had talent. I can't say she really motivated me because I already knew. I knew I had talent. I went to the Jewish community theater and got in plays there. Then I went for the movies.';Richard Dreyfuss;teacher
If I wasn't an actor, I'd be a teacher, a history teacher. After all, teaching is very much like performing. A teacher is an actor, in a way. It takes a great deal to get, and hold, a class.;Richard Dreyfuss;teacher
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.;Hector Berlioz;teacher
When I went to college, my goal was to be a college history teacher. I majored in history.;George J. Mitchell;teacher
I wasn't a ballet baby. My first dance class was in an outdoor pavilion when I was three. It was called 'creative movement.' The teacher gave us chiffon scarves in beautiful colors. She turned on some music and said, 'Now go dance.' So for me, dance has always been about self-expression.;Carrie Ann Inaba;teacher
I've always written. When I was in school, the only teacher who ever liked me was my creative writing teacher. I used to enter poetry competitions, and I don't think I ever lost one. So I had the idea for a while of being some kind of poet.;Justin Townes Earle;teacher
Well, the teacher I studied with for nineteen and a half years was a man named Paul Gavert. He was a great lieder singer, so basically I'm a trained lieder singer because of that teacher. The teacher I currently study with - since 1995 - is Joan Lader, who also studied with Gavert.;Betty Buckley;teacher
For one thing, I teach my students what my teacher for twenty years, Paul Gavert, told me, 'The voice follows... the voice follows everything about you... who you are.';Betty Buckley;teacher
As a former teacher and a mother and grandmother, I know firsthand the importance of a quality education.;Sue Kelly;teacher
And I found out, the other part of it is that I found out and in my desire to life successfully, that baseball fit very well into my life. It's been a great teacher, trainer, mentor and you'll see what I mean in the next few minutes that I have to speak.;Dave Winfield;teacher
As a student I learned from wonderful teachers and ever since then I've thought everyone is a teacher.;Bill Moyers;teacher
Then I heard this genius teacher Stella Adler - I recommend you read anything you might find about her and if you have anyone interested in theatre, you get them one of her books.;Harvey Keitel;teacher
The main thing I am interested in is my experience as a teacher.;Frank McCourt;teacher
I first decided to become an actor at school. A teacher gave us a play to do and that had a major impact. At first, I wanted to work in the theatre, but there was something about the ambience of film, especially American films, that always attracted me.;Jean Reno;teacher
Although I am basically self taught, I consider Debussy my teacher - the most important elements are colour, light and shadow.;Toru Takemitsu;teacher
The message of music was also the first thing what I learned from my first teacher. She was an organist too and she was very devoted to what she played, so she had a respect for every piece and she felt that she is not allowed to add something of her own.;Kurt Masur;teacher
I started studying music at the age of five and a half. My older sister was taking piano lessons. When her teacher left our apartment, I would get up on the piano bench and start picking out the notes that were part of my sister's lessons.;Marvin Hamlisch;teacher
There is no recipe to be a great teacher, that's what is unique about them.;Robert Sternberg;teacher
What is it in you that brings you to a spiritual teacher in the first place? It's not the spirit in you, since that is already enlightened, and has no need to seek. No, it is the ego in you that brings you to a teacher.;Ken Wilber;teacher
Ironically, for a few million people in the Far East, I did become an English teacher through my music.;Pat Boone;teacher
I was a teacher for a long time. I taught at a community college: voice, theory, humanities. And nowadays, music education is a dying thing. Funding is being cut more and more and more.;Jon Secada;teacher
I had an art teacher who's the reason I got there in high school who encouraged me to go to Alabama. That's where she had gone and kept raving over their art department.;Sela Ward;teacher
When I was writing 'The Abstinence Teacher,' I really tried to immerse myself in contemporary American evangelical culture.;Tom Perrotta;teacher
I wanted to be an English teacher. I wanted to do it for the corduroy jackets with patches on the side. When I got to college, as I was walking across campus one day, I ripped off a little flyer for this sketch-comedy group. It ended up being one of the greatest things I've ever done.;John Krasinski;teacher
The Sunday School teacher talked too much in the way our grade school teacher used to when she told us about George Washington. Pleasant, pretty stories, but not true.;Frances Farmer;teacher
The processes of teaching the child that everything cannot be as he wills it are apt to be painful both to him and to his teacher.;Anne Sullivan Macy;teacher
I need a teacher quite as much as Helen. I know the education of this child will be the distinguishing event of my life, if I have the brains and perseverance to accomplish it.;Anne Sullivan Macy;teacher
When I graduated from high school, the teacher said I was throwing my life away following music, and the same teacher invited me back to speak at the school. I don't say that to brag, I just want to be an example.;Big Sean;teacher
I spent most of my high school years on movie sets and I'd have like one teacher, which was really bad.;Devon Sawa;teacher
I took an acting class. After the first day, the teacher quit, so they said take another. When I saw 'How to be a Stand-up Comedian,' it resonated. I realized I'd rather make 200 people laugh than make one person cry.;Wendy Liebman;teacher
I'm home schooled, and I have a teacher that goes with me on all my movies.;Dakota Fanning;teacher
Cultural dominance of middle-class norms prevail in middle-class schools with a teacher teaching toward those standards and with students striving to maintain those standards.;James S. Coleman;teacher
There was a teacher who recognized that I was interested in cartooning and he was great.;Jonathan Shapiro;teacher
If you're a doctor or a lawyer or teacher, if you only get three things right out of 10, you're considered a failure.;Jamie Moyer;teacher
I got into acting because my teachers kept nudging me into it. The power a teacher has to influence someone is so great. I can't think of a profession I have more respect for.;Jon Hamm;teacher
There happened to be guitar classes at the college, and there was a guitar teacher there with whom I used to play. In addition, I also would go out into country schools and teach little kids basic guitar and singing a few times a week.;Mark Knopfler;teacher
But the idea that I should be a teacher and a researcher of some sort did not vary over the years.;Amartya Sen;teacher
As a teacher myself I've been in situations where parents come at you, and sometimes parents come across like the teacher doesn't want the best for their kid and it can be really, really hurtful.;Rosalind Wiseman;teacher
When my opera Plump Jack was performed in 1989, my first piano teacher sent me something that I'd composed when I was four. I remember I played it, and it still sounded like me. I'm the same composer I was then.;Gordon Getty;teacher
I don't have a lot of skills, but one thing I can do is, I can compartmentalize. I can make that a little world that I can go back to, so I can be a waitress, or I can be a teacher, and then go and work on my book.;Dana Spiotta;teacher
I count myself well educated, for the admirable woman at the head of the school which I attended from the age of four and a half till I was thirteen and a half, was a born teacher in advance of her own times.;Catherine Helen Spence;teacher
Following my junior year in high school, I went on a camping trip through Russia in a group led by Horst Momber, a young language teacher from Roosevelt.;Peter Agre;teacher
My first public impression was my French teacher, Derek Swift.;Rory Bremner;teacher
I had a great drama teacher, and he sort of made out drama school as this incredibly difficult thing to get into: 6,000 people apply every year, and some of the schools only have 12 places. It's a phenomenally difficult thing to get into. And that excited me - I wanted that challenge.;Jeremy Irvine;teacher
I had a teacher, he was 86 years old and his name was Luigi in New York City, and he said, 'Never stop moving. You get to reinvent yourself.' So you have to find ways to reinventing yourself. Especially today, because it's a whole different market - social media is so important.;Ben Vereen;teacher
The teacher of history's work should be, ideally, not simply a description of past cultures, but a performance of the culture in which we live and are increasingly taking our being.;William Irwin Thompson;teacher
I feel really good in the teacher role.;Jimmy Chamberlin;teacher
I do think we know that a teacher who knows what he or she is doing, knows their subject matter, and knows how to impart knowledge to kids is a critical piece of closing the achievement gap.;Margaret Spellings;teacher
The answer, of course, in the mouth of a Christian teacher is that in Christianity alone is there both present joy and future hope.;Mary Augusta Ward;teacher
A teacher enlarges people in all sorts of ways besides just his subject matter.;Wallace Stegner;teacher
I was very inspired by my mother. She was a vocal teacher and sang in a band, and my first memories of her were going out with her on the local circuit.;Daryl Hall;teacher
When a music teacher that I had at school was taken ill and we had a variety show and I had to fill in - that's when I realized I had a voice.;Lily Allen;teacher
If you improve a teacher's self-esteem, confidence, communication skills or stress levels, you improve that teacher's overall effectiveness across the curriculum.;Elaine MacDonald;teacher
My father was a writer and an acting teacher.;Noah Hathaway;teacher
I wanted to become a kindergarten teacher like my mother.;Ziyi Zhang;teacher
I'm sure any vocal teacher that listens to me would rather cut my throat than do anything - I do everything all wrong - but I think for me that's the best - because I don't think I have a voice so I think what I project would be style - if I learned to sing I'd lose my style.;Julie London;teacher
I wanted to be a ballet teacher.;Jaclyn Smith;teacher
Both my grandmothers had upright pianos, and I just knew how to play since I was a child. Nobody taught me. I sounded like a grown-up, and then I learned how to read music. I played so well by ear I could fool the teacher to believe I could play the notes. She'd make the mistake of playing the song once, and I could play it.;Valerie Simpson;teacher
I had one companion. He was a teacher from the Ukraine who spoke English so we could communicate a bit. I learnt a few Russian words, but it was hard to concentrate.;Mathias Rust;teacher
I enjoyed school - although I ran away on the first day. I'd reminded the teacher that it was nearly time for 'Watch With Mother' on TV.;Paul O'Grady;teacher
My primary school teacher once poured a bottle of curdled school milk forcefully down my throat. Then I threw it up all over her suede shoes. I'd rather have drunk from the spittoon in Barney's barber shop.;Paul O'Grady;teacher
I think it is most important for a teacher to play the pieces and studies that are being played by the student.;James Galway;teacher
My second grade teacher told me I would never graduate high school. That I was going to be a juvenile delinquent.;Miles Teller;teacher
First play I ever did was 'Footloose.' I played the part of Willard when I was 16. I think I wore my drama teacher's jeans and her belt - that's how small I was. I know a lot of Willard's back story from the musical that's not explored in the film. Like he's got this whole relationship with his mama, and he sings this song 'Mama Says.';Miles Teller;teacher
I got into acting my junior year of high school. We got a new hot drama teacher and I was like 'Alright, I'll try drama.';Miles Teller;teacher
I love films that make me react emotionally and physically when you walk out of the cinema. Two of my favorite films however have got to be 'The Tree Of Life' and 'The Piano Teacher,' which also stars one of my favourite actresses Isabelle Huppert.;Alicia Vikander;teacher
I studied with a blind teacher from about 5 until I was 16, at two different schools. From the age of 12 until 16, I was in a boarding school-which, I believe, at that time was compulsory for blind children.;George Shearing;teacher
Dad worked his entire career as an aviation technician. Mom was a legal secretary who became a teacher. We lived a simple American life.;Brian Sandoval;teacher
I had a great movement teacher - he showed me how to walk so I wasn't becoming like a cartoon.;John Leguizamo;teacher
I went whole hog at the actor's lifestyle - really embraced it. I had by then known how much I loved acting already, because I discovered acting from a teacher in the seminary - that's the first place I ever did it, in the seminary.;Peter Jurasik;teacher
I lived in a town of 400 until I was like nine or ten. My dad coached all the sports - he was a gym teacher and health teacher for grades K-12.;January Jones;teacher
If it wasn't for my drama teacher, I wouldn't be here right now.;Kel Mitchell;teacher
I got started when I was 3 years old because my father was a music teacher and my lessons were free. Instead of learning to walk, you learn to play the piano.;Carla Bley;teacher
When you are studying jazz, the best thing to do is listen to records or listen to live music. It isn't as though you go to a teacher. You just listen as much as you can and absorb everything.;Carla Bley;teacher
It's cool for me because I'm a director, but I'm also a teacher. I'm a lover of cinema, and I love working with people who are hungry and have the energy to really do better work.;John Singleton;teacher
I was strongly encouraged by a science teacher who took an interest in me and presented me with a key to the laboratory to allow me to work whenever I wanted.;Frederick Reines;teacher
Every child grows everything depends on the teacher.;Shinichi Suzuki;teacher
Encouragement from my high school teacher Patty Hart said 'you need to focus and theater might be your route out of here.' I created the program, went to college and graduate school and now here I am.;Jeffrey Donovan;teacher
Art owes its origin to Nature herself... this beautiful creation, the world, supplied the first model, while the original teacher was that divine intelligence which has not only made us superior to the other animals, but like God Himself, if I may venture to say it.;Giorgio Vasari;teacher
I taught in a small teacher's college for three or four years, at which point all the administrators got a pay raise and the teaching faculty didn't.;David Eddings;teacher
In the depth of the near depression, that he faced when he came in, Barack Obama and Democratic leaders in Congress provided 'recovery funds' that literally kept our classrooms open. Two years ago, these funds saved nearly 20,000 teacher and education jobs - just here in North Carolina.;Jim Hunt;teacher
