We busted a lot of family secrets with this. But to make a long story short, my parents relationship was built heavily on security issues for my Mom, and when my Dad couldn't provide security, the relationship unraveled.;Kenny Loggins;mom
My mom took me to a Dolly Parton concert when I was 3.;Kat Dennings;mom
One time my mom tried to ground me, but that lasted 15 minutes.;Bam Margera;mom
OK, so my parents were married in 1955 and my mom knew my dad was gay and my dad knew he was gay and so I was, like, 'Why in the heck did you get married?' Like, what was going on? What was that time? It's like this crazy paradox that my whole life is based on, or my family's based on. So I spent a lot of time trying to understand '55.;Mike Mills;mom
My daughter's name is Neesyn Dacey but everyone calls her Dacey. Her mom chose Neesyn and I chose Dacey after she was born. The mother is a good friend of mine who I was seeing a while ago. We are no longer together.;Bode Miller;mom
My mom played the recorder. But not having electricity, we had minimal exposure to music. As I got a little older, we had Walkmans and things that were battery-powered, but it would have been nice to be growing up in the iPod era. A tape only has six songs on a side.;Bode Miller;mom
It's so funny looking back, but my so-called overnight success actually took 15 years. I remember when I didn't have any money, and my only car was mom's Hyundai.;Criss Angel;mom
As a small business owner for the last 15 years, when I think of what truly changed my life, it was my faith, a strong family, my mom did a really, really good job of encouraging me in very clear and discernible ways.;Tim Scott;mom
When you're sick, nobody takes care of you like your mom.;Trisha Yearwood;mom
We didn't have movies in this little mining town. When I was 12 my mom took me to New York and I saw Bye Bye Birdie, with people singing and dancing, and that was it.;Margot Kidder;mom
I gave guitar lessons. I tried to join bands. My mom always said it was obvious that nothing was going to stop me.;Janis Ian;mom
Before you're a mom you don't know what gear is going to be relevant.;Emily Procter;mom
My mom and my dad were married 56 years, and the fact that I reconciled with my dad I think made their marriage a little bit better as well.;Larry Elder;mom
I was embarrassed that I even wanted to become an actress because coming from L.A., with two older sisters in the business and a mom who had been a ballet dancer, it was such a cliche.;Elizabeth Olsen;mom
From the very start of all of this, my mom has read the scripts first. And if she liked something, she let me read it. She told our agent what kinds of parts that we would want.;Anna Chlumsky;mom
I had no idea of the size of my bank account as a teen, and I didn't care to know. That was my mom's job, I figured that I would just find out when I turned 18. If you can't trust your mom, then who can you trust?;Anna Chlumsky;mom
My mom, she's still always there for me. Always.;David Ortiz;mom
When I was growing up in New Jersey, my mom would regularly take my sister and I into the city to see shows. I have many fond memories of standing in the half-price ticket line in Times Square and going to matinees.;Trey Anastasio;mom
More and more couples are having this negotiation or discussion, but I'm still amazed at the number who aren't and where the cultural norm sort of kicks in and they just assume that mom's got to be the one who stays home, not dad.;James Levine;mom
My mom had started to go to work when I was nine or ten, so I was aware of women trying to find their own identities by working. But I was still influenced by men to such an extreme. I wanted to play their games and wanted to compete in their world and be like them.;Elisabeth Shue;mom
My mom had this romantic notion of her children playing classical music. The idea is you learn it when you're still learning language. It's using the same part of the brain.;Andrew Bird;mom
I burnt myself out of skating. I was ready to focus on being a mom.;Kristi Yamaguchi;mom
I've realized how precious life is. When I was younger, I was more adventurous. I felt invincible. I was game for everything. As a mom, I don't want to get injured because then I can't take care of my kids.;Kristi Yamaguchi;mom
I lived in small town out in the desert and my friend used to steal his mom's car in the middle of the night. He'd drive over to my house, I'd sneak out and we'd go out to the desert and just burn things down.;Mark Hoppus;mom
My mom's gonna be the biggest star - mark my words right now!;Vinny Guadagnino;mom
My house has always been like everyone's house. You walk in, you're a part of the family, no matter who you are, what celebrity status you are, everyone is treated the same - with love from my mom.;Vinny Guadagnino;mom
So, I remember when I was a kid, I was waiting for my mom to come home when she was working late, and, you know, I was like, 'Oh my God, what happened to her? Is she OK? Did something happen to her getting in the car?' I was a little kid. But those are actually early onsets of anxiety.;Vinny Guadagnino;mom
I got a family house for everybody to live in - my mom, my sisters and I. And I made sure that it has a separate apartment downstairs for myself. Family is more important than anything. We don't come from any money. So once I get them settled in, in a nice house, then I'll branch out and see if I can get something else.;Vinny Guadagnino;mom
My mom said, 'Don't get married. You're too young. Go out there and experience what life has to offer.' And I did.;Emmitt Smith;mom
I'm kind of lucky that we've finished shooting 'Cougar Town,' so I'm able to kind of just enjoy my pregnancy and be a stay-at-home mom and go to prenatal Pilates and do all that fun stuff that, if I were working, would be almost impossible to do.;Busy Philipps;mom
Birdie is amazing and such an incredible child and I'm having such a great time being a mom but I still want to have a career and I still look forward to auditions and parts, and when I don't get them I'm disappointed.;Busy Philipps;mom
I'm somebody who doesn't work with a stylist. I'll be honest with you, I'm a mom and it's just not something I want to put money toward because it's expensive to have somebody who helps dress you and I feel like I have to pay for preschool and so many things... so I don't have a stylist.;Busy Philipps;mom
Mom always tells me to celebrate everyone's uniqueness. I like the way that sounds.;Hilary Duff;mom
My mom taught me not to talk about money.;Hilary Duff;mom
I love my mom. I totally look up to her, and she just doesn't let anybody take advantage of me. People might call that a stage mom.;Hilary Duff;mom
My relationship with my mom is so amazing. We never got to have that stage that people go through, like when you're 13 and you think you're too cool for your parents. When you're embarrassed by them and stuff. We never went through that because I was constantly working and she constantly had to be there.;Hilary Duff;mom
My mom had me when she was 16, and I was an only child, which is probably why I received a lot of love and didn't miss that my father wasn't around.;Brett Ratner;mom
Miami Beach - that's where I grew up, in a middle-class Jewish family led by my maternal grandfather. Me, my great-grandmother - a Holocaust survivor, who was my roommate - my grandparents, my mom and her brother all shared a four-bedroom house.;Brett Ratner;mom
We didn't have a TV in the living room and all my friends thought we were kind of weird. When they'd come over, my mom wanted to talk to them about current events.;Eliza Dushku;mom
My mom is this liberal, feminist, Mormon powerhouse. I just love her to death.;Eliza Dushku;mom
I was raised in Boston by three older brothers and a very strong and empowering single mom.;Eliza Dushku;mom
My mom is like this hard-core, liberal feminist. She's a professor in Boston, and she's been teaching women's studies for 30 years and international politics.;Eliza Dushku;mom
As a mom, I don't have much time for beauty.;Idina Menzel;mom
My biggest project right now is trying to be a really great mom and learning how to balance family and career. I'm just trying to spend as much time with my family as I can.;Idina Menzel;mom
I'm a mom - I'm lucky if I get to shower in the morning. Luckily, nail polish stays on my toes. I've been so bad on the upkeep, though.;Idina Menzel;mom
I've always wanted to be a mom.;Holly Madison;mom
I want my daughter to be proud of me and look up to me. I think early on in my pregnancy I realized that to be the mom I want to be, I had to change my life, and that's what I'm doing.;Holly Madison;mom
My mom and dad played this music all the time when I was growing up, so to me songs by Jerry Lee and Fats Domino are the classics, they're the best songs ever.;Chris Isaak;mom
I was brought up as an only child, and we were very close. But when I was 14, we got evicted. We came home to a padlock, and I looked up at my mom and she was crying, and there was nothing to do.;Dwayne Johnson;mom
I spend as much time with my kids as any mom who stays home. I only work during the hours they're at school, but there is always the sense of trying to catch up with all their stuff and not only organize my work life but also their school lives.;Patricia Heaton;mom
My mom's the one I look up to for everything. I feel like I'm a lump of clay and she's moulding me into a woman.;Chloe Moretz;mom
My mom has always said that if I get a big head, she'll take me out of this business as quickly as I got into it.;Chloe Moretz;mom
I just got my phone back yesterday. My mom had it for two days. I was supposed to read a book and I really wanted to play Call Of Duty.;Chloe Moretz;mom
My mom won't let me buy high-fashion stuff unless it's TK Maxx or a birthday occasion.;Chloe Moretz;mom
The one thing my mom will let me get is a nice shoe sometimes.;Chloe Moretz;mom
My mom won't let anyone treat me like a little princess.;Chloe Moretz;mom
My brother Trevor is theatrically trained. I used to watch him when I was younger and I was in love with it. It just seemed really fun to be someone else. So I begged my mom she was hesitant, but she eventually allowed me. And it turned out well, I guess.;Chloe Moretz;mom
My mom gives me an allowance. She keeps me pretty tight-reined.;Chloe Moretz;mom
The problem with me is, anything that's easy I will just overdo it. Especially with clothes. But I'm 14 - my mom is super-strict about that.;Chloe Moretz;mom
We were poor. But my mom never accepted that. She worked hard to become a residential contractor - got her master's with honors at the University of New Orleans. I used to go to every class with her. Her father was my paternal figure.;Frank Ocean;mom
I've learned that every working mom is a superwoman.;Uma Thurman;mom
I'm an actress and mom, and I probably don't have enough of an active spiritual life. And I don't know why people run around calling themselves by the names of religions when they don't actually practise them.;Uma Thurman;mom
My mother was a single mom, and most of the women I know are strong.;Regina King;mom
I think I've become more like my mom just because of what we're both interested in, children and teaching and writing.;Jenna Bush;mom
I had always loved to write and my mom was my editor for my school papers.;Jenna Bush;mom
My mom's a secret Rastafarian.;Jenna Bush;mom
I'm more like my father, personality-wise. But my mom and I get alone really well - obviously, because my mom and my dad get along so well.;Jenna Bush;mom
I'm sure there were times when I wish I had thought, 'Gosh, that might really embarrass mom and dad,' but our parents didn't raise us to think about them. They're very selfless and they wanted us to have as normal of a college life as possible. So really, we didn't think of any repercussions.;Jenna Bush;mom
I prefer to imagine that my wife, a few friends, and occasionally my mom are the only ones who read what I do, though I realize that this is somewhat unrealistic.;Chris Ware;mom
When I was a kid, my mom used to run the vacuum cleaner, and the noise would bother me so much that I would run into the woods to calm down. I feel like that vacuum cleaner has been on since I moved to New York City.;Steve Burns;mom
There's been times when I've had heartbreaking moments and I'm like, 'I can't believe you said that,' or 'I can't believe you did that'. And it hurts, it still hurts, and it'll always hurt, but I've never had somebody that I truly cared about just walk out on me, whether it was a boyfriend, or an aunt, mom or dad.;Shailene Woodley;mom
My mom would take me to restaurants, and the first thing I'd ask for would be a pen and a napkin, and I'd sketch shoes and shoes and shoes.;Alexander Wang;mom
My mom would put me in these preppy little suits and slick my hair to the side. I have these baby pictures of me where I'm this little preppy kid with a sweater tied around my neck.;Alexander Wang;mom
I was a hyper kid in school and the teacher suggested to my mom she needed to do something with me.;Devon Sawa;mom
My mother kept asking me, 'When are you going to do a gospel album?' And I've always wanted to do a gospel album. Everybody was going on about it, so mom started hounding me more.;Alan Jackson;mom
My dad is a bank president and my mom was an accountant and they didn't think that seeking the life of a freelance writer was very practical, you see. Of course, I was just as determined to do it.;Kevin J. Anderson;mom
I know that I'm getting the real deal with my mom. I know that she's telling it like it is. She's proud of me when I've earned it and she's disappointed in me when I've earn that. She's really my spectrum on where I am as a person.;Lara Flynn Boyle;mom
I had such a great mom and I know that I'd never be that mom. I wouldn't want to bring a child into this world unless I could be.;Lara Flynn Boyle;mom
My mom calls me an older soul because, growing up, she taught me stuff real early. Now I spend most of my time chasing wisdom, chasing understanding.;Ray Lewis;mom
Mom thinks I live in this dream world where everybody's Ivana Trump.;Kathie Lee Gifford;mom
Over the years my mom has become a self-taught Biblical scholar.;Kathie Lee Gifford;mom
My mom used to tell me: 'It's not what you weigh it's what you look like.';Gina Carano;mom
My mom and my father's birthday are on the same day.;Victor Cruz;mom
My mom was dying for me to write a book, she was my biggest advocate.;Victor Cruz;mom
Growing up, my mom was very strict about how I dressed and how I behaved, and I said to myself that I wasn't going to be like that. But now I know I'm going to be exactly like my mom. I'm going to be worse!;Nicole Scherzinger;mom
Sure, my childhood was unusual. All these eccentric, wild people frequented our home: rock stars, drag queens, models, bikers, freaks. But I was not this little rich girl. My mom and I lived in an apartment.;Liv Tyler;mom
My mom's been married three times my dad has been married a lot. I didn't really see my dad that much.;Skeet Ulrich;mom
I want to make my music and be a happy woman, a good wife, a good mom and one day hopefully have a child of my own.;LeAnn Rimes;mom
My dad is a very quick-witted, sarcastic, dry, humorous guy, whereas my mom's very silly, and that side of the family is very musical.;Tim Heidecker;mom
Once my mom passed away, I have nobody to answer to. It's great.;Jessica Hahn;mom
My mom really instilled in me that I'm beautiful and I can do anything, and I echo that now with my own girls.;Jennie Garth;mom
I love kids and children, and I love being a mom.;Jennie Garth;mom
I was actually the one who decided to move to LA. Mom and I were driving on Sunset Boulevard during one of our trips back to see her family, and I said, 'Can we just stay?' So we did.;Lily Collins;mom
I'm a competitive person and it is in my nature to try hard in every match I play. The only time I'm not competitive is when I'm playing against my mom.;Michael Chang;mom
One day my dad would say, 'OK, if you want to play tennis I can help you out.' And that's how it started. And I had a goal. I wanted to beat my mom first. And my parents and my brother. And that was the ultimate goal.;Caroline Wozniacki;mom
My mom was always the support. I can always go out to her and she'll always find the positive in things.;Caroline Wozniacki;mom
My mom is great and I make sure that we pray together before every race. She helps me put everything in perspective and remind me of the real reason I run.;Allyson Felix;mom
No matter what, like, I couldn't - I could break a world record, get an Olympic gold medal, and my mom would be, like, you could have done better. But you looked pretty. That's what she says all the time.;Ryan Lochte;mom
I care so passionately about improving the quality of life for women and girls, not just here in the United States, but internationally as well. I am a single mom and I raised a daughter who is now a young adult.;Valerie Jarrett;mom
