Learning never exhausts the mind.;Leonardo da Vinci;learning
I don't think human beings learn anything without desperation. Desperation is a necessary ingredient to learning anything or creating anything. Period. If you ain't desperate at some point, you ain't interesting.;Jim Carrey;learning
We now accept the fact that learning is a lifelong process of keeping abreast of change. And the most pressing task is to teach people how to learn.;Peter Drucker;learning
A little learning is a dangerous thing Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring.;Alexander Pope;learning
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.;Plutarch;learning
You don't learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over.;Richard Branson;learning
If I were given the opportunity to present a gift to the next generation, it would be the ability for each individual to learn to laugh at himself.;Charles M. Schulz;learning
I am still learning.;Michelangelo;learning
Study strategy over the years and achieve the spirit of the warrior. Today is victory over yourself of yesterday tomorrow is your victory over lesser men.;Miyamoto Musashi;learning
Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature. It will never fail you.;Frank Lloyd Wright;learning
In youth we learn in age we understand.;Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach;learning
I don't love studying. I hate studying. I like learning. Learning is beautiful.;Natalie Portman;learning
We learn by practice. Whether it means to learn to dance by practicing dancing or to learn to live by practicing living, the principles are the same. One becomes in some area an athlete of God.;Martha Graham;learning
Question everything. Learn something. Answer nothing.;Euripides;learning
An unschooled man who knows how to meditate upon the Lord has learned far more than the man with the highest education who does not know how to meditate.;Charles Stanley;learning
A tough lesson in life that one has to learn is that not everybody wishes you well.;Dan Rather;learning
And we are never too old to study the Bible. Each time the lessons are studied comes some new meaning, some new thought which will make us better.;John D. Rockefeller;learning
I never learn anything talking. I only learn things when I ask questions.;Lou Holtz;learning
People always ask me, 'What is it that you regret?' And I say, 'nothing, because I could not buy what I've learned.' And I apply those things to my life I learn. And hopefully, hopefully it helps me to be a better human in the future and make better choices.;Katy Perry;learning
The minute that you're not learning I believe you're dead.;Jack Nicholson;learning
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.;Henry Ford;learning
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education.;Albert Einstein;learning
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.;Colin Powell;learning
Learning to trust is one of life's most difficult tasks.;Isaac Watts;learning
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.;Jim Rohn;learning
Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading. I will rather say more necessary because health is worth more than learning.;Thomas Jefferson;learning
Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;learning
Like success, failure is many things to many people. With Positive Mental Attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again.;W. Clement Stone;learning
Everybody who is incapable of learning has taken to teaching.;Oscar Wilde;learning
While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die.;Leonardo da Vinci;learning
Learning without thought is labor lost thought without learning is perilous.;Confucius;learning
No man ever prayed heartily without learning something.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;learning
I made decisions that I regret, and I took them as learning experiences... I'm human, not perfect, like anybody else.;Queen Latifah;learning
A lot of the problems I had with fame I was bringing on myself. A lot of self-loathing, a lot of woe-is-me. Now I'm learning to see the positive side of things, instead of, like, 'I can't go to Kmart. I can't take my kids to the haunted house.';Eminem;learning
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.;Colin Powell;learning
It is only when we forget all our learning that we begin to know.;Henry David Thoreau;learning
A little learning is a dangerous thing, but we must take that risk because a little is as much as our biggest heads can hold.;George Bernard Shaw;learning
Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time.;Rabindranath Tagore;learning
Instead of giving money to found colleges to promote learning, why don't they pass a constitutional amendment prohibiting anybody from learning anything? If it works as good as the Prohibition one did, why, in five years we would have the smartest race of people on earth.;Will Rogers;learning
Men have a respect for scholarship and learning greatly out of proportion to the use they commonly serve.;Henry David Thoreau;learning
Entire ignorance is not so terrible or extreme an evil, and is far from being the greatest of all too much cleverness and too much learning, accompanied with ill bringing-up, are far more fatal.;Plato;learning
The learning and knowledge that we have, is, at the most, but little compared with that of which we are ignorant.;Plato;learning
Change is the end result of all true learning.;Leo Buscaglia;learning
The only real progress lies in learning to be wrong all alone.;Albert Camus;learning
Never make your home in a place. Make a home for yourself inside your own head. You'll find what you need to furnish it - memory, friends you can trust, love of learning, and other such things. That way it will go with you wherever you journey.;Tad Williams;learning
Each year has been so robust with problems and successes and learning experiences and human experienes that a year is a lifetime at Apple. So this has been ten lifetimes.;Steve Jobs;learning
Why don't they pass a constitutional amendment prohibiting anybody from learning anything? If it works as well as prohibition did, in five years Americans would be the smartest race of people on Earth.;Will Rogers;learning
A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning.;Brad Henry;learning
Ignorance of all things is an evil neither terrible nor excessive, nor yet the greatest of all but great cleverness and much learning, if they be accompanied by a bad training, are a much greater misfortune.;Plato;learning
We do not learn and what we call learning is only a process of recollection.;Plato;learning
When man learns to understand and control his own behavior as well as he is learning to understand and control the behavior of crop plants and domestic animals, he may be justified in believing that he has become civilized.;Ayn Rand;learning
I would fain grow old learning many things.;Plato;learning
Wisdom is learning what to overlook.;William James;learning
The knack of flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.;Douglas Adams;learning
If I am through learning, I am through.;John Wooden;learning
These things will destroy the human race: politics without principle, progress without compassion, wealth without work, learning without silence, religion without fearlessness and worship without awareness.;Anthony de Mello;learning
Defense is a definite part of the game, and a great part of defense is learning to play it without fouling.;John Wooden;learning
There's always failure. And there's always disappointment. And there's always loss. But the secret is learning from the loss, and realizing that none of those holes are vacuums.;Michael J. Fox;learning
Winning is great, sure, but if you are really going to do something in life, the secret is learning how to lose. Nobody goes undefeated all the time. If you can pick up after a crushing defeat, and go on to win again, you are going to be a champion someday.;Wilma Rudolph;learning
As long as you live, keep learning how to live.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;learning
Some of the companies we helped start are names you know. An office supply company called Staples - where I'm pleased to see the Obama campaign has been shopping The Sports Authority, which became a favorite of my sons. We started an early childhood learning center called Bright Horizons that First Lady Michelle Obama rightly praised.;Mitt Romney;learning
Not to unlearn what you have learned is the most necessary kind of learning.;Antisthenes;learning
Play is often talked about as if it were a relief from serious learning. But for children play is serious learning. Play is really the work of childhood.;Fred Rogers;learning
An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage.;Jack Welch;learning
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship.;Aeschylus;learning
A weed is a plant that has mastered every survival skill except for learning how to grow in rows.;Doug Larson;learning
The love of learning, the sequestered nooks, And all the sweet serenity of books.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;learning
The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty.;Pablo Neruda;learning
Learning is finding out what you already know.;Richard Bach;learning
Life is like playing a violin solo in public and learning the instrument as one goes on.;Samuel Butler;learning
Suppose that we are wise enough to learn and know - and yet not wise enough to control our learning and knowledge, so that we use it to destroy ourselves? Even if that is so, knowledge remains better than ignorance.;Isaac Asimov;learning
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.;Daniel J. Boorstin;learning
Every act of conscious learning requires the willingness to suffer an injury to one's self-esteem. That is why young children, before they are aware of their own self-importance, learn so easily.;Thomas Szasz;learning
Painful as it may be, a significant emotional event can be the catalyst for choosing a direction that serves us - and those around us - more effectively. Look for the learning.;Louisa May Alcott;learning
A little learning, indeed, may be a dangerous thing, but the want of learning is a calamity to any people.;Frederick Douglass;learning
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence.;Abigail Adams;learning
Start with God - the first step in learning is bowing down to God only fools thumb their noses at such wisdom and learning.;King Solomon;learning
Take those chances and you can achieve greatness, whereas if you go conservative, you'll never know. I truly believe what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. Even if you fail, learning and moving on is sometimes the best thing.;Danica Patrick;learning
I like to think of my behavior in the sixties as a 'learning experience.' Then again, I like to think of anything stupid I've done as a 'learning experience.' It makes me feel less stupid.;P. J. O'Rourke;learning
Learning, n. The kind of ignorance distinguishing the studious.;Ambrose Bierce;learning
Seeing much, suffering much, and studying much, are the three pillars of learning.;Benjamin Disraeli;learning
Learning and innovation go hand in hand. The arrogance of success is to think that what you did yesterday will be sufficient for tomorrow.;William Pollard;learning
Desperation is a necessary ingredient to learning anything, or creating anything. Period. If you ain't desperate at some point, you ain't interesting.;Jim Carrey;learning
Never become so much of an expert that you stop gaining expertise. View life as a continuous learning experience.;Denis Waitley;learning
The great awareness comes slowly, piece by piece. The path of spiritual growth is a path of lifelong learning. The experience of spiritual power is basically a joyful one.;M. Scott Peck;learning
The least of the work of learning is done in the classroom.;Thomas Merton;learning
A University should be a place of light, of liberty, and of learning.;Benjamin Disraeli;learning
Learning too soon our limitations, we never learn our powers.;Mignon McLaughlin;learning
People usually think according to their inclinations, speak according to their learning and ingrained opinions, but generally act according to custom.;Francis Bacon;learning
Learning how to be still, to really be still and let life happen - that stillness becomes a radiance.;Morgan Freeman;learning
The only things worth learning are the things you learn after you know it all.;Harry S. Truman;learning
There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning.;Christopher Morley;learning
People need to be made more aware of the need to work at learning how to live because life is so quick and sometimes it goes away too quickly.;Andy Warhol;learning
Everyone can relate to love, hurt, pain, learning how to forgive, needing to get over, needing the power of God in their life.;Tyler Perry;learning
Libraries allow children to ask questions about the world and find the answers. And the wonderful thing is that once a child learns to use a library, the doors to learning are always open.;Laura Bush;learning
Whoso neglects learning in his youth, loses the past and is dead for the future.;Euripides;learning
I thank my God for graciously granting me the opportunity of learning that death is the key which unlocks the door to our true happiness.;Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart;learning
Education is not the piling on of learning, information, data, facts, skills, or abilities - that's training or instruction - but is rather making visible what is hidden as a seed.;Thomas Moore;learning
For a man to attain to an eminent degree in learning costs him time, watching, hunger, nakedness, dizziness in the head, weakness in the stomach, and other inconveniences.;Miguel de Cervantes;learning
