I tried marriage. I'm 0 for 3 with the marriage thing. So, being a ballplayer - I believe in numbers. I'm not going 0 for 4. I'm not wearing a golden sombrero.;Charlie Sheen;marriage
Friendship is two-sided. It isn't a friend just because someone's doing something nice for you. That's a nice person. There's friendship when you do for each other. It's like marriage - it's two-sided.;John Wooden;marriage
I feel very deeply about the need to respect and tolerate people of different social - or sexual orientation. But at the same time, I believe marriage should be preserved as an institution for one man and one woman.;Mitt Romney;marriage
I opposed the Defense of Marriage Act in 1996. It should be repealed and I will vote for its repeal on the Senate floor. I will also oppose any proposal to amend the U.S. Constitution to ban gays and lesbians from marrying.;Barack Obama;marriage
Marriage is like life - it is a field of battle, not a bed of roses.;Robert Louis Stevenson;marriage
Having federal officials, whether judges, bureaucrats, or congressmen, impose a new definition of marriage on the people is an act of social engineering profoundly hostile to liberty.;Ron Paul;marriage
What I believe is that marriage is between a man and a woman, but what I also believe is that we have an obligation to make sure that gays and lesbians have the rights of citizenship that afford them visitations to hospitals, that allow them to be, to transfer property between partners, to make certain that they're not discriminated on the job.;Barack Obama;marriage
I don't think that a same-sex marriage is the way God intended it to be.;Joel Osteen;marriage
Marriage is an act of will that signifies and involves a mutual gift, which unites the spouses and binds them to their eventual souls, with whom they make up a sole family - a domestic church.;Pope John Paul II;marriage
I think that gay marriage should be between a man and a woman.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;marriage
My decision to end my marriage was such a risk to lose ratings and lose my fan base. I had to take that risk for my inner peace and to be happy with myself.;Kim Kardashian;marriage
Divorce is probably of nearly the same date as marriage. I believe, however, that marriage is some weeks the more ancient.;Voltaire;marriage
Friendship is the marriage of the soul, and this marriage is liable to divorce.;Voltaire;marriage
My view is that marriage is a relationship between a man and a woman. That's the position I've had for some time, and I don't intend to make any adjustments at this point... Or ever, by the way.;Mitt Romney;marriage
I think there are a whole host of things that are civil rights, and then there are other things - such as traditional marriage - that, I think, express a community's concern and regard for a particular institution.;Barack Obama;marriage
I don't think marriage is a civil right, but I think that being able to transfer property is a civil right.;Barack Obama;marriage
Marriage is for women the commonest mode of livelihood, and the total amount of undesired sex endured by women is probably greater in marriage than in prostitution.;Bertrand Russell;marriage
Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who would want to live in an institution?;H. L. Mencken;marriage
I'm not for gay marriage, but I'm not for discriminating against people.;Joel Osteen;marriage
Marriage is like putting your hand into a bag of snakes in the hope of pulling out an eel.;Leonardo da Vinci;marriage
Marriage: A friendship recognized by the police.;Robert Louis Stevenson;marriage
You can forgive people who do not follow you through a philosophical disquisition but to find your wife laughing when you had tears in your eyes, or staring when you were in a fit of laughter, would go some way towards a dissolution of the marriage.;Robert Louis Stevenson;marriage
Whenever a husband and wife begin to discuss their marriage they are giving evidence at a coroner's inquest.;H. L. Mencken;marriage
Marriage is not a noun it's a verb. It isn't something you get. It's something you do. It's the way you love your partner every day.;Barbara de Angelis;marriage
All married couples should learn the art of battle as they should learn the art of making love. Good battle is objective and honest - never vicious or cruel. Good battle is healthy and constructive, and brings to a marriage the principles of equal partnership.;Ann Landers;marriage
Marriage is one long conversation, chequered by disputes.;Robert Louis Stevenson;marriage
In marriage, a man becomes slack and selfish, and undergoes a fatty degeneration of his moral being.;Robert Louis Stevenson;marriage
For it is mutual trust, even more than mutual interest that holds human associations together. Our friends seldom profit us but they make us feel safe. Marriage is a scheme to accomplish exactly that same end.;H. L. Mencken;marriage
Like me, the great majority of Americans wish both to preserve the traditional definition of marriage and to oppose bias and intolerance directed towards gays and lesbians.;Mitt Romney;marriage
If you cannot work on the marriage or the women is a moron, staying married and cheating makes the most sense because divorce is disruptive to the family life and your bank account.;Al Goldstein;marriage
And let me make this very clear - unlike President Obama, I will not raise taxes on the middle class. As president, I will protect the sanctity of life. I will honor the institution of marriage. And I will guarantee America's first liberty: the freedom of religion.;Mitt Romney;marriage
In every marriage more than a week old, there are grounds for divorce. The trick is to find, and continue to find, grounds for marriage.;Robert Anderson;marriage
Culture, what you believe, what you value, how you live matters. Now, as fundamental as these principles are, they may become topics of democratic debates from time to time, so it is today with the enduring institution of marriage. Marriage is a relationship between a man and a woman.;Mitt Romney;marriage
I've yet to be on a campus where most women weren't worrying about some aspect of combining marriage, children, and a career. I've yet to find one where many men were worrying about the same thing.;Gloria Steinem;marriage
I think what makes our marriage work amid all the glare is that my husband is my best friend. He inspires everything in my life and enables me to do the best that I can. I want to hang out with him more than anyone.;Faith Hill;marriage
The secret of a happy marriage is finding the right person. You know they're right if you love to be with them all the time.;Julia Child;marriage
Little children are still the symbol of the eternal marriage between love and duty.;George Eliot;marriage
We sleep in separate rooms, we have dinner apart, we take separate vacations - we're doing everything we can to keep our marriage together.;Rodney Dangerfield;marriage
In almost every marriage there is a selfish and an unselfish partner. A pattern is set up and soon becomes inflexible, of one person always making the demands and one person always giving way.;Iris Murdoch;marriage
My marriage is on the rocks again, yeah, my wife just broke up with her boyfriend.;Rodney Dangerfield;marriage
Marriage is the death of hope.;Woody Allen;marriage
Some people ask the secret of our long marriage. We take time to go to a restaurant two times a week. A little candlelight, dinner, soft music and dancing. She goes Tuesdays, I go Fridays.;Henny Youngman;marriage
Anyone who thinks that the vice-president can take a position independent of the president of his administration simply has no knowledge of politics or government. You are his choice in a political marriage, and he expects your absolute loyalty.;Hubert H. Humphrey;marriage
I believe the home and marriage is the foundation of our society and must be protected.;Billy Graham;marriage
Well I think in a marriage you have to be honest and ask yourself, you know, what is my role? What is my responsibility?;Hillary Clinton;marriage
The Bible is clear - God's definition of marriage is between a man and a woman.;Billy Graham;marriage
Marriage is a very good thing, but I think it's a mistake to make a habit out of it.;W. Somerset Maugham;marriage
I have not supported same-sex marriage. I have supported civil partnerships and contractual relationships.;Hillary Clinton;marriage
Every marriage is a mystery to me, even the one I'm in. So I'm no expert on it.;Hillary Clinton;marriage
Marriage has a unique place because it speaks of an absolute faithfulness, a covenant between radically different persons, male and female and so it echoes the absolute covenant of God with his chosen, a covenant between radically different partners.;Rowan D. Williams;marriage
I respect the fact that many denominations have different points of view with respect to gay marriage and they can hold that in the sanctity in the place of their religion and not bless them or solemnize them.;Colin Powell;marriage
Marriage is a great institution.;Elizabeth Taylor;marriage
Marriage brings one into fatal connection with custom and tradition, and traditions and customs are like the wind and weather, altogether incalculable.;Soren Kierkegaard;marriage
Even in the common affairs of life, in love, friendship, and marriage, how little security have we when we trust our happiness in the hands of others!;William Hazlitt;marriage
A woman asking 'Am I good? Am I satisfied?' is extremely selfish. The less women fuss about themselves, the less they talk to other women, the more they try to please their husbands, the happier the marriage is going to be.;Barbara Cartland;marriage
Staying married may have long-term benefits. You can elicit much more sympathy from friends over a bad marriage than you ever can from a good divorce.;P. J. O'Rourke;marriage
Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage. I'm afraid it did.;Bette Davis;marriage
Romantic love is an illusion. Most of us discover this truth at the end of a love affair or else when the sweet emotions of love lead us into marriage and then turn down their flames.;Thomas Moore;marriage
Even though people may be well known, they hold in their hearts the emotions of a simple person for the moments that are the most important of those we know on earth: birth, marriage and death.;Jackie Kennedy;marriage
One should believe in marriage as in the immortality of the soul.;Honore de Balzac;marriage
Not cohabitation but consensus constitutes marriage.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;marriage
First love is first love, first marriage is first marriage, disappointment is disappointment.;Maximilian Schell;marriage
After marriage, a woman's sight becomes so keen that she can see right through her husband without looking at him, and a man's so dull that he can look right through his wife without seeing her.;Helen Rowland;marriage
In marriage do thou be wise: prefer the person before money, virtue before beauty, the mind before the body then thou hast a wife, a friend, a companion, a second self.;William Penn;marriage
Marriage is give and take. You'd better give it to her or she'll take it anyway.;Joey Adams;marriage
Marriage must be a relation either of sympathy or of conquest.;George Eliot;marriage
Whenever the people are for gay marriage or medical marijuana or assisted suicide, suddenly the 'will of the people' goes out the window.;Bill Maher;marriage
Children are supposed to help hold a marriage together. They do this in a number of ways. For instance, they demand so much attention that a husband and wife, concentrating on their children, fail to notice each other's faults.;Richard Armour;marriage
An affair now and then is good for a marriage. It adds spice, stops it from getting boring... I ought to know.;Bette Davis;marriage
More belongs to marriage than four legs in a bed.;Rainer Maria Rilke;marriage
A wife lasts only for the length of the marriage, but an ex-wife is there for the rest of your life.;Jim Samuels;marriage
I'm so wrapped up in my work that it's often impossible to consider other things in my life. My marriage ended in divorce because of this, my relationship with Holly has suffered by this.;Jim Carrey;marriage
Another argument, vaguer and even less persuasive, is that gay marriage somehow does harm to heterosexual marriage. I have yet to meet anyone who can explain to me what this means. In what way would allowing same-sex partners to marry diminish the marriages of heterosexual couples?;Ted Olson;marriage
I'm most proud of the longevity of my marriage, my kids, and my grandchildren. If you don't have that, you really don't have very much.;Bob Newhart;marriage
A marriage without conflicts is almost as inconceivable as a nation without crises.;Andre Maurois;marriage
Chains do not hold a marriage together. It is threads, hundreds of tiny threads, which sew people together through the years.;Simone Signoret;marriage
A man's friendships are, like his will, invalidated by marriage - but they are also no less invalidated by the marriage of his friends.;Samuel Butler;marriage
In terms of the legal matter of creating a contract between two people that's called marriage, and allowing them to live together with the protection of law, it seems to me is the way we should be moving in this country.;Colin Powell;marriage
Marriage is distinctly and repeatedly excluded from heaven. Is this because it is thought likely to mar the general felicity?;Samuel Butler;marriage
I'm also interested in the modern suggestion that you can have a combination of love and sex in a marriage - which no previous society has ever believed.;Alain de Botton;marriage
I have yet to hear a man ask for advice on how to combine marriage and a career.;Gloria Steinem;marriage
I like marriage. The idea.;Toni Morrison;marriage
I could be wrong, but I think heterosexual marriage is threatened more by heterosexuals. I don't know why gay marriage challenges my marriage in any way.;Elizabeth Edwards;marriage
Never again! I can see no reason for marriage - ever at all. I've had it. Three times is enough.;Ingrid Bergman;marriage
Marriage is a reflection of your life in general: how you treat people, how you argue, how secure you are in your own thoughts. How vehemently do you argue your point of view? With what disdain do you view the other's point of view?;William Shatner;marriage
It is always incomprehensible to a man that a woman should ever refuse an offer of marriage.;Jane Austen;marriage
In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk.;Rita Rudner;marriage
A bride at her second marriage does not wear a veil. She wants to see what she is getting.;Helen Rowland;marriage
I think like any marriage, especially when you've had divorced parents like myself you want to try even harder to make it work.;Princess Diana;marriage
Marriage changes everything.;Marilyn Manson;marriage
In mid-life the man wants to see how irresistible he still is to younger women. How they turn their hearts to stone and more or less commit a murder of their marriage I just don't know, but they do.;Earl Warren;marriage
Political promises are much like marriage vows. They are made at the beginning of the relationship between candidate and voter, but are quickly forgotten.;Dick Gregory;marriage
I would love to have the same rights as everybody else. I would love, I don't care if it's called marriage. I don't care if it's called, you know, domestic partnership. I don't care what it's called.;Ellen DeGeneres;marriage
Books and marriage go ill together.;Moliere;marriage
But the key to our marriage is the capacity to give each other a break. And to realize that it's not how our similarities work together it's how our differences work together.;Michael J. Fox;marriage
Our Nation must defend the sanctity of marriage.;George W. Bush;marriage
Marriage is like a game of chess except the board is flowing water, the pieces are made of smoke and no move you make will have any effect on the outcome.;Jerry Seinfeld;marriage
A sense of humor is great - it goes a long, long way in a marriage.;Chris Rock;marriage
Pink Floyd is like a marriage that's on a permanent trial separation.;Rick Wright;marriage
