I don't like politics.;will.i.am;politics
Politics are about preserving relationships at the end of the day, and it has nothing to do with the greater good for humanity. It's just all about business.;will.i.am;politics
You can rule ignorance you can manipulate the illiterate you can do whatever you want when a people are uneducated, so that goes in line with corrupt business and corrupt politics.;will.i.am;politics
Sincerity and competence is a strong combination. In politics, it is everything.;Peggy Noonan;politics
George Clooney's 'Ides of March' could be the most under-appreciated movie of the year. In 20 years they're gonna go back and say, 'Oh, that was American politics in that time period.' I follow politics, I love it, and that movie is so authentic.;Harvey Weinstein;politics
I... grew up in politics and I used to work for the Democratic Party.;Harvey Weinstein;politics
Some of the FDA's own scientists have charged that politics, not science, is behind the FDA's actions.;Joseph Crowley;politics
Community organizing is all about building grassroots support. It's about identifying the people around you with whom you can create a common, passionate cause. And it's about ignoring the conventional wisdom of company politics and instead playing the game by very different rules.;Tom Peters;politics
I didn't know my Dad - he moved out early. And my mom's politics were kind of hardscrabble. She didn't think about Democrats or Republicans. She thought about who made sense. I've been both in my life.;Dennis Miller;politics
No one out there is interested in who did what to whom in Westminster politics.;Iain Duncan Smith;politics
The more that I know of politics, the more it makes me realize that being a politician is largely useless.;Sophia Bush;politics
In politics people build whole reputations off of getting one thing right.;Nate Silver;politics
First of all, I think it's odd that people who cover politics wouldn't have any political views.;Nate Silver;politics
I was looking for something like baseball, where there's a lot of data and the competition was pretty low. That's when I discovered politics.;Nate Silver;politics
I guess I don't like the people in politics very much, to be blunt.;Nate Silver;politics
I've had an interest in politics since I was a little kid.;Rand Paul;politics
You don't go into politics unless you want to win.;Rand Paul;politics
I cry, sometimes, because I'm not 20 years younger, and I'm not healthy. But if I were, I would even sacrifice my writing to enter politics.;Oriana Fallaci;politics
I don't want to express my opinion about actual politics, because if I do, I have to be responsible for my decision.;Haruki Murakami;politics
I understand the process of politics and the game of television.;John Sununu;politics
The precise point at which a tax deduction becomes a 'loophole' or a tax incentive becomes a 'subsidy for special interests' is one of the great mysteries of politics.;John Sununu;politics
Politics thrives on simple, clean messages, something that played to Obama's advantage in 2008. Stagnant unemployment and the loss of America's AAA rating are as simple and tough as they come. This is the economy on Obama's watch, and there's no one left to blame.;John Sununu;politics
Like Indiana Jones, I don't like snakes - though that might lead some to ask why I'm in politics.;Theresa May;politics
A lot of men in politics suddenly woke up to the issue of women in politics when they realised: hey, there are votes in this!;Theresa May;politics
I was in the Commons recently and saw a young lady wearing a nice pair of shoes. I said I liked them and she said my shoes were the reason she became involved in politics.;Theresa May;politics
It's called political economy because it is has nothing to do with either politics or economy.;Stephen Leacock;politics
As long as I don't write about the government, religion, politics, and other institutions, I am free to print anything.;Pierre Beaumarchais;politics
I think that politics needs a bit of spicing up.;Nigel Farage;politics
It's much easier to wear a Chairman Mao button and shake your fists in the air and all that, then to actually read the Communist manifesto and things like that and actually become involved in politics.;Lester Bangs;politics
I deliberately did not read anything about the Vietnam War because I felt the politics of the war eclipsed what happened to the veterans. The politics were irrelevant to what this memorial was.;Maya Lin;politics
Politics is the reflex of the business and industrial world.;Emma Goldman;politics
There is no hope even that woman, with her right to vote, will ever purify politics.;Emma Goldman;politics
I still love following and thinking about politics. I enjoy recommending important journalism I read or see from other sources.;Dan Rather;politics
If American politics are too dirty for women to take part in, there's something wrong with American politics.;Edna Ferber;politics
There is too much at stake for us to surrender to the politics of polarization.;Brad Henry;politics
In general people feel more relaxed about participating in politics. They aren't frightened as they used to be.;Aung San Suu Kyi;politics
In politics, you also have to be cautiously optimistic.;Aung San Suu Kyi;politics
We tend to think of politics as bad, full of dirty tricks, negative ads, big campaigns, but I am here to explore the original meaning of politics, which is positive and has to do with balancing competing interests and looking for solutions.;Eric Liu;politics
I'm in politics. I'm in government, so nothing surprises me.;Andrew Cuomo;politics
People go into politics because they want the affirmation, and they want the applause.;Andrew Cuomo;politics
If I weren't doing the politics, I wouldn't be doing my job.;Andrew Cuomo;politics
Very few people go into politics to be reviled.;Andrew Cuomo;politics
Once you start saying, 'Let's talk political, my own politics, my own aspirations,' it can become not just distracting in that it takes time, but it can become confusing and frustrating, and is this now a political agenda or a governmental agenda.;Andrew Cuomo;politics
I didn't run for student council president. I don't see myself in any way in elected office. I love policy. I'm not particularly fond of politics.;Condoleezza Rice;politics
Public life is regarded as the crown of a career, and to young men it is the worthiest ambition. Politics is still the greatest and the most honorable adventure.;Pat Riley;politics
Mixing humor and politics is something that works.;Bryan Cranston;politics
Whatever your supposed politics are - left, right - if you put it in a human connection, most people will rise to the occasion and feel the human pain in a way that they might not if it was presented in a more conceptual way.;George Saunders;politics
There's a tradition in British intellectual life of mocking any non-political force that gets involved in politics, especially within the sphere of the arts and the theatre.;Harold Pinter;politics
It's a good question, because a movie isn't good or bad based on its politics. It's usually good or bad for other reasons, though you might agree or disagree with its politics.;Roger Ebert;politics
Well, you know what, I'm 60 years old, and I've been interested in politics since I was on my daddy's knee. During the 1948 election, we were praying for Truman. I know a lot about politics.;Roger Ebert;politics
Let's just do what is right for the American people. And those of us who are involved in politics and government know that our responsibility is to the American people, that we have a responsibility to find our common ground, to seek it and to find it.;Nancy Pelosi;politics
If I cry, it's about the personal loss of a friend or something like that. But when it comes to politics - no, I don't cry.;Nancy Pelosi;politics
It's about time we make the well-being of our young people more important than ideology and politics. As a country, we benefit from investing in their future by investing in teen pregnancy prevention.;Jane Fonda;politics
When I started 'CNN,' I made the decision to stay out of endorsing candidates, and let the doers make up their own minds about politics, that it wasn't going to come from me.;Ted Turner;politics
I don't know if anybody wants to mix their politics with their entertainment.;Fiona Apple;politics
Yes, politics IS war without bloodshed and war is an extension of those politics.;H. Rap Brown;politics
The ability of the 1 percent to buy politicians and regulators is nothing new in American politics - just as inequality has been a permanent part of our economic system. This is true of virtually all political and economic systems.;Eric Alterman;politics
I'm highly political. I spend an awful lot of time in the U.S. trying to influence decision-makers. But I don't feel in tune with British politics.;Jane Goodall;politics
The problem of the Middle East is poverty more than politics.;Shimon Peres;politics
It's not about division. It's not about politics. My concern is how do we come together?;LeVar Burton;politics
Well, purity - there's no purity in politics.;Jim DeMint;politics
Going into politics is something people have asked me about forever.;Caroline Kennedy;politics
Well there's nobody who has a more supportive husband than I do, and he has a business that he runs, and it's his own business, so he has work to do, my kids have school to do, I mean, people have - there are other things in life besides politics.;Caroline Kennedy;politics
Well, the role of money in politics is pretty corrupting right now.;Caroline Kennedy;politics
You know, rock stardom... I have a hard time discussing that because I don't really accept it. It's not really that tangible. What's really bizarre is how it's used as a thing - you know, 'He's the rock star of politics,' 'He's the rock star of quarterbacks' - like it's the greatest thing in the world.;Eddie Vedder;politics
I am a part of the political process whether the multinational forces are present or not. Politics is serving the people, not chairs and positions.;Muqtada al Sadr;politics
Politics is the art of the next best.;Otto von Bismarck;politics
Politics ruins the character.;Otto von Bismarck;politics
Politics is the art of the possible.;Otto von Bismarck;politics
Today, I think the attitude is that governing is not necessarily good politics, and the result is that it's much more partisan and much more divided.;Leon Panetta;politics
There can only be democracy when money is not allowed to be spent in Politics.;Imran Khan;politics
But I don't need to use politics as a way of making money.;Imran Khan;politics
When I came into politics I always thought there was a possibility I would be killed.;Imran Khan;politics
If there is one eternal truth of politics, it is that there are always a dozen good reasons for doing nothing.;John le Carre;politics
I'm not into politics but I am committed to a cause: ensuring design technology and engineering stays on the U.K. curriculum, alongside science and maths - grounding abstract theory, merging the practical with the academic.;James Dyson;politics
I could have made a fortune in cheeseburgers, but I finally chose politics.;Francois Hollande;politics
One of the things that's great about New York is that it is not a one-industry town. It has education, academia, the service industry, arts, publishing, theater, politics, fashion, finance, as well as movie-making.;Sarah Jessica Parker;politics
There are three critical ingredients to democratic renewal and progressive change in America: good public policy, grassroots organizing and electoral politics.;Paul Wellstone;politics
It is the belief that extremes and excesses of inequality must be reduced so that each person is free to fully develop his or her full potential. This is why we take precious time out of our lives and give it to politics.;Paul Wellstone;politics
Politics is not about money.;Paul Wellstone;politics
Politics is not about power.;Paul Wellstone;politics
Politics is not about winning for the sake of winning.;Paul Wellstone;politics
Politics is not predictions and politics is not observations. Politics is what we do. Politics is what we do, politics is what we create, by what we work for, by what we hope for and what we dare to imagine.;Paul Wellstone;politics
We can and must move U.S. politics forward by means of committed participation.;Paul Wellstone;politics
If you really want to diminish a candidate, depict him as the foil of his handler. This is as old in American politics as politics itself.;Karl Rove;politics
Look, there ought to be politics in politics.;Karl Rove;politics
The fallback position in politics is if you don't know what you want to be about, and if you don't know what your vision is, go at somebody else.;Karl Rove;politics
Negative politics have always been around.;Karl Rove;politics
I'll never get out of politics. I have friends in public office. I have things that I want to do. You can't go back in life. I won't go back to the existence I had before of running a political consulting firm and signing up clients and advising campaigns in exactly that way.;Karl Rove;politics
I know enough about European politics to know you've got a lot of crazy people who make their way onto the ballot.;Karl Rove;politics
One thing I have learned in my time in politics is that if one of the parties is shameless, the other party cannot afford to be spineless.;Frank Lautenberg;politics
What is more comforting to the terrorists around the world: the failure to pass the 9/11 legislation because we lacked 'a majority of the majority,' or putting aside partisan politics to enact tough new legislation with America's security foremost in mind?;Rahm Emanuel;politics
I don't want to spend the rest of my life in politics. When I'm finished with my term as governor, I'm going back to the life that's waiting for me in the private sector.;Jesse Ventura;politics
Politics is not my life. I have a career in radio and another career in film.;Jesse Ventura;politics
I'm not a political person. When I start to get into it, it just upsets me. I feel so powerless when it comes to politics. So I've just decided to be non-political and very, very pro-soldier.;Channing Tatum;politics
Politics is my hobby. Smut is my vocation.;Larry Flynt;politics
In politics, the number of women in the cabinet has fallen and, if current poll trends continue and Labour loses a number of marginal seats, the number of female MPs is likely to drop significantly.;Lucy Powell;politics
The Labour party has done more than any other to address gender inequalities, through legislation and other means, and to increase women's representation in politics, which has led to recent increases in the number of female politicians.;Lucy Powell;politics
For sure, the 'Obamania' that's fast taking hold reflects an incredible thirst for change in global politics and, dare I say, a wave of optimism that things can be different.;Lucy Powell;politics
