A man can fail many times, but he isn't a failure until he begins to blame somebody else.;John Burroughs;failure
Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure. The way you think about a fact may defeat you before you ever do anything about it. You are overcome by the fact because you think you are.;Norman Vincent Peale;failure
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.;Thomas A. Edison;failure
You are capable of more than you know. Choose a goal that seems right for you and strive to be the best, however hard the path. Aim high. Behave honorably. Prepare to be alone at times, and to endure failure. Persist! The world needs all you can give.;E. O. Wilson;failure
Do not brood over your past mistakes and failures as this will only fill your mind with grief, regret and depression. Do not repeat them in the future.;Sivananda;failure
Remember that failure is an event, not a person.;Zig Ziglar;failure
You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure.;Zig Ziglar;failure
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be.;John Wooden;failure
Failure is not a single, cataclysmic event. You don't fail overnight. Instead, failure is a few errors in judgement, repeated every day.;Jim Rohn;failure
When I was young, I observed that nine out of ten things I did were failures. So I did ten times more work.;George Bernard Shaw;failure
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.;Colin Powell;failure
Failure is a detour, not a dead-end street.;Zig Ziglar;failure
There is no failure except in no longer trying.;Elbert Hubbard;failure
Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker. Failure is delay, not defeat. It is a temporary detour, not a dead end. Failure is something we can avoid only by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.;Denis Waitley;failure
I don't believe in failure. It is not failure if you enjoyed the process.;Oprah Winfrey;failure
There is no such thing as failure. There are only results.;Tony Robbins;failure
If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;failure
Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.;Coco Chanel;failure
A failure is not always a mistake, it may simply be the best one can do under the circumstances. The real mistake is to stop trying.;B. F. Skinner;failure
If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative.;Woody Allen;failure
Restlessness is discontent and discontent is the first necessity of progress. Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure.;Thomas A. Edison;failure
Winning is great, sure, but if you are really going to do something in life, the secret is learning how to lose. Nobody goes undefeated all the time. If you can pick up after a crushing defeat, and go on to win again, you are going to be a champion someday.;Wilma Rudolph;failure
One's only rival is one's own potentialities. One's only failure is failing to live up to one's own possibilities. In this sense, every man can be a king, and must therefore be treated like a king.;Abraham Maslow;failure
It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might has well not have lived at all, in which case you have failed by default.;J. K. Rowling;failure
Achievement is not always success, while reputed failure often is. It is honest endeavor, persistent effort to do the best possible under any and all circumstances.;Orison Swett Marden;failure
Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure.;Thomas A. Edison;failure
I really don't think life is about the I-could-have-beens. Life is only about the I-tried-to-do. I don't mind the failure but I can't imagine that I'd forgive myself if I didn't try.;Nikki Giovanni;failure
I think you can have 10,000 explanations for failure, but no good explanation for success.;Paulo Coelho;failure
It is not because the truth is too difficult to see that we make mistakes... we make mistakes because the easiest and most comfortable course for us is to seek insight where it accords with our emotions - especially selfish ones.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;failure
To establish true self-esteem we must concentrate on our successes and forget about the failures and the negatives in our lives.;Denis Waitley;failure
Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure.;George Eliot;failure
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.;Benjamin Disraeli;failure
Go on failing. Go on. Only next time, try to fail better.;Samuel Beckett;failure
Failure is a word unknown to me.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;failure
All that is necessary to break the spell of inertia and frustration is this: Act as if it were impossible to fail. That is the talisman, the formula, the command of right about face which turns us from failure to success.;Dorthea Brande;failure
Don't be afraid of missing opportunities. Behind every failure is an opportunity somebody wishes they had missed.;Lily Tomlin;failure
Every failure is a step to success.;William Whewell;failure
You will be a failure, until you impress the subconscious with the conviction you are a success. This is done by making an affirmation which 'clicks.';Florence Scovel Shinn;failure
It's best to have failure happen early in life. It wakes up the Phoenix bird in you so you rise from the ashes.;Anne Baxter;failure
The only failure one should fear, is not hugging to the purpose they see as best.;George Eliot;failure
There is only one failure in life possible, and that is not to be true to the best one knows.;George Eliot;failure
We failed, but in the good providence of God apparent failure often proves a blessing.;Robert E. Lee;failure
Success is not built on success. It's built on failure. It's built on frustration. Sometimes its built on catastrophe.;Sumner Redstone;failure
For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.;Mary Kay Ash;failure
Success comes when people act together failure tends to happen alone.;Deepak Chopra;failure
They who have conquered doubt and fear have conquered failure.;James Allen;failure
Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again.;Richard Branson;failure
The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.;Paramahansa Yogananda;failure
The young think that failure is the Siberian end of the line, banishment from all the living, and tend to do what I then did - which was to hide.;James A. Baldwin;failure
There are some defeats more triumphant than victories.;Michel de Montaigne;failure
It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.;Roger Babson;failure
All human actions are equivalent... and all are on principle doomed to failure.;Carl Sandburg;failure
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.;Mia Hamm;failure
Indecision and delays are the parents of failure.;George Canning;failure
A person who doubts himself is like a man who would enlist in the ranks of his enemies and bear arms against himself. He makes his failure certain by himself being the first person to be convinced of it.;Alexandre Dumas;failure
Do not blame anybody for your mistakes and failures.;Bernard Baruch;failure
If at first you don't succeed, failure may be your style.;Quentin Crisp;failure
Success and failure are equally disastrous.;Tennessee Williams;failure
Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.;Mike Ditka;failure
It is not a disgrace to fail. Failing is one of the greatest arts in the world.;Charles Kettering;failure
Show me a good and gracious loser and I'll show you a failure.;Knute Rockne;failure
The great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure.;Laurence J. Peter;failure
You gotta lose 'em some of the time. When you do, lose 'em right.;Casey Stengel;failure
The only risk of failure is promotion.;Scott Adams;failure
We climb to heaven most often on the ruins of our cherished plans, finding our failures were successes.;Amos Bronson Alcott;failure
Do not let your ambitions become a sanctuary for your failures.;Bryant H. McGill;failure
A life which does not go into action is a failure.;Arnold J. Toynbee;failure
I hate to be a failure. I hate and regret the failure of my marriages. I would gladly give all my millions for just one lasting marital success.;J. Paul Getty;failure
There could be no honor in a sure success, but much might be wrested from a sure defeat.;Ann Landers;failure
Success represents the 1% of your work which results from the 99% that is called failure.;Soichiro Honda;failure
A hatred of failure has always been part of my nature.;Paul Getty;failure
Success is never final, but failure can be.;Bill Parcells;failure
Failure is always an option.;Adam Savage;failure
Often the difference between a successful person and a failure is not one has better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to bet on one's ideas, to take a calculated risk - and to act.;Andre Malraux;failure
Success breeds complacency. Complacency breeds failure. Only the paranoid survive.;Andy Grove;failure
Failure to prepare is preparing to fail.;Mike Murdock;failure
Our failings sometimes bind us to one another as closely as could virtue itself.;Luc de Clapiers;failure
It would be great to be able to pass on to someone all of the successes, the failures, and the knowledge that one has had. To help someone, avoid all the fire, pain and anxiety would be wonderful.;Sylvester Stallone;failure
Don't be afraid of failure be afraid of petty success.;Maude Adams;failure
My life has been nothing but a failure.;Claude Monet;failure
You always pass failure on your way to success.;Mickey Rooney;failure
Never walk away from failure. On the contrary, study it carefully and imaginatively for its hidden assets.;Michael Korda;failure
I never see failure as failure, but only as the game I must play and win.;Tom Hopkins;failure
We may be personally defeated, but our principles never!;William Lloyd Garrison;failure
The world is divided into two categories: failures and unknowns.;Francis Picabia;failure
I have probably purchased fifty 'hot tips' in my career, maybe even more. When I put them all together, I know I am a net loser.;Charles M. Schwab;failure
Notice the difference between what happens when a man says to himself, I have failed three times, and what happens when he says, I am a failure.;S. I. Hayakawa;failure
Failure is a word that I simply don't accept.;John H. Johnson;failure
The most important of my discoveries have been suggested to me by my failures.;Humphry Davy;failure
Remember the two benefits of failure. First, if you do fail, you learn what doesn't work and second, the failure gives you the opportunity to try a new approach.;Roger von Oech;failure
At least I have the modesty to admit that lack of modesty is one of my failings.;Hector Berlioz;failure
Before you can win a game, you have to not lose it.;Chuck Noll;failure
I wasn't afraid to fail. Something good always comes out of failure.;Anne Baxter;failure
Losing is no disgrace if you've given your best.;Jim Palmer;failure
Socialism is a philosophy of failure, the creed of ignorance, and the gospel of envy, its inherent virtue is the equal sharing of misery.;Winston Churchill;failure
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.;Bill Cosby;failure
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.;Winston Churchill;failure
Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another.;Napoleon Hill;failure
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.;Winston Churchill;failure
