I believe that parents need to make nutrition education a priority in their home environment. It's crucial for good health and longevity to instill in your children sound eating habits from an early age.;Cat Cora;age
Most poetry in the modern age has retreated to the private sphere, turning its back on the political realm.;Terry Eagleton;age
We incorporated new tastes and flavors into our kids' diets from a very early age, which helped to develop their palates and prevented them from becoming picky eaters. We don't buy junk food and give them options of fresh fruit, yogurt, raw almonds, or dried whole grain cereals for snack time.;Cat Cora;age
Filth and old age, I'm sure you will agree, are powerful wardens upon chastity.;Geoffrey Chaucer;age
It has been claimed at times that our modern age of technology facilitates dictatorship.;Henry A. Wallace;age
Working on the 'Ice Age' movies, I'm really proud to be in them.;Seann William Scott;age
No Congress ever has seen fit to amend the Constitution to address any issue related to marriage. No Constitutional Amendment was needed to ban polygamy or bigamy, nor was a Constitutional Amendment needed to set a uniform age of majority to ban child marriages.;Judy Biggert;age
We're taught at such a young age that you can always be better and that you're never perfect and that you're never good enough.;Shawn Johnson;age
The young people have MTV and rock and roll. Why would they go to read poetry? Poetry belongs to the Stone Age. It awakens in us perceptions that go back to those times.;Robert Morgan;age
Study is the bane of childhood, the oil of youth, the indulgence of adulthood, and a restorative in old age.;Walter Savage Landor;age
Because of my age and because there's more work on the small screen. What it's missing in quality it makes up for in quantity. From an actor's selfish point of view.;Cesar Romero;age
Old age is an insult. It's like being smacked.;Lawrence Durrell;age
Age puzzles me. I thought it was a quiet time. My seventies were interesting and fairly serene, but my eighties are passionate. I grow more intense as I age.;Florida Scott-Maxwell;age
One of the great challenges of our age, in which the tools of our productivity are also the tools of our leisure, is to figure out how to make more useful those moments of procrastination when we're idling in front of our computer screens.;Joshua Foer;age
I happen to be interested in watching a face age. I like faces of women aging so it makes me personally quite sad. That's a beautiful gift from God. If people don't want to see that anymore then I won't be in anymore movies.;Debra Winger;age
Never say never, but the thought of electively cutting oneself is beyond my grasp, and I also object to it politically. Denying the lines on our faces makes a comment about age and wisdom I don't care to make.;Debra Winger;age
People pay to see movies with women looking beautiful, but I think there will be a place for me to play women looking my own age.;Debra Winger;age
There's a small club of women who are willing to age.;Debra Winger;age
I hope to find the roles that are age appropriate but not yearning to be younger, or parenting ad nauseam.;Debra Winger;age
I try to write lyrics so that they won't age, which sort of leaves you with the big subjects like death and love and sex and violence.;Florence Welch;age
In the modern media age we are rarely surprised by what we see. Whether it's on television or film or in the theatre, everything is so advertised, so trailed, that most entertainment is merely what you thought it was going to be like.;Rowan Atkinson;age
Your 40s are a major trough. About the age of 50, feelings of satisfaction begin to rebound and keep rising into your 50s, 60s and 70s, with health being a major factor.;Jane Pauley;age
I came back to work when my children were two months old. At that early age, they seem to have little awareness of anybody but their Raggedy Ann dolls, so it wasn't a matter of them missing me. I was missing them.;Jane Pauley;age
Being successful at a very young age gave me the confidence and the capability to try out other things.;Joshua Lederberg;age
About the time I turned 50, I experienced the profound biological change that often accompanies women at that age. Also, I put two kids in college and lost both of my parents, so I'm no longer somebody's daughter.;Jane Pauley;age
I feel more mature than most people my age.;Leighton Meester;age
Age does not bring you wisdom, age brings you wrinkles.;Estelle Getty;age
Maybe I'll be a feminist in my old age.;Bjork;age
I feel the 21st century is another new age. Not only can we collaborate again with nature, but we have to. It's an emergency.;Bjork;age
You can fake your age or mask it, but the passion that moves the characters has to be real.;Victoria Abril;age
I think that clearly it has an influence, to be coming of age during the punk rock era, to come from a difficult and sporadically violent background, to have been in and out of such chaos, I think it actually helps. But I don't know for sure.;Craig Ferguson;age
I'd date someone younger or older age doesn't matter to me. Or looks, really - it's all about maturity.;Leona Lewis;age
Try to keep your soul young and quivering right up to old age.;George Sand;age
I wanted to be a forest ranger or a coal man. At a very early age, I knew I didn't want to do what my dad did, which was work in an office.;Harrison Ford;age
Parenting is an impossible job at any age.;Harrison Ford;age
Sally Field looks amazing in general, never mind her age! She's a phenomenally talented actress and has had a career spanning so many decades.;Alison Sweeney;age
I've had two romances since moving to Las Vegas. One was with somebody 12 years older than me, and the other was the same age, and neither worked out. I know people still think of me as one of Hugh Hefner's girlfriends, and he of course was much older than me, but that was a whole different lifestyle and a different kind of dating.;Holly Madison;age
From age 16, I lived and breathed wine. I read every magazine and book about wine.;Gary Vaynerchuk;age
IQ is a commodity, data is a commodity. I'm far more interested in watching people interact at a restaurant with their smartphone. We can all read 'Tech Crunch,' 'Ad Age.' I would rather be living in the trenches. I would rather be going to Whole Foods in Columbus Circle to watch people shop with their smartphones.;Gary Vaynerchuk;age
Genius worship is the inevitable sign of an uncreative age.;Clive Bell;age
I appreciate and enjoy my age.;Nikki Giovanni;age
I've been going through photos of my mother, looking back on her life and trying to put it into context. Very few people age gracefully enough to be photographed through their aging.;Jamie Lee Curtis;age
I am rediscovering the whole sexual dimension of life at the age of 86, really. And that also means discovering the feminine. So the whole of this dimension, which I had been seeking for a very long time, is now sort of opening itself up to me.;Bede Griffiths;age
I think all writers of my age who are brought up on films probably by the age of 16 have seen many more films than they have read classics of literature. We can't help but be influenced by film. Film has got some great tricks that it's taught writers.;David Mitchell;age
Some broad themes brought me where I am today. At a very young age, my hobby became thinking and finding connections.;Dean Kamen;age
I think you have to be a little bit strict. You can't be friend and their parent in a lot of situations, especially in this day and age where it's so dangerous for kids. So there's a bit of sternness, I guess, in the way I raise my kids.;Tim McGraw;age
In the 1970s and 1980s there was so little decent fiction for young people, but we're now in a golden age that shows no sign of fading. Philip Pullman, J. K. Rowling, Lemony Snicket are only three of the best known among a good number of equals.;David Mitchell;age
I want to sell to people my own age, because that's the way I write songs.;John Mellencamp;age
You get to a certain age and you just want to prove that you can still rock - that you've still got it.;Jarvis Cocker;age
I always thought that I might retire from any form of sexuality by the age of 40 and just become a dignified older person.;Jarvis Cocker;age
It's only at this age that I can say the word 'art' without flinching.;Mira Nair;age
Well, once you've resigned yourself to the fact that you are the more mature pop performer and you're past the age you ever thought you would do it, you might as well do it as long as you can. As long as I can still lift a microphone, then I'll do it, you know.;Jarvis Cocker;age
I hope to have one more boxing match at the age of 55. Given that demographic at the age of 55 to 65, you've got to make a statement with your life. Otherwise, you are just existing.;George Foreman;age
I think it's hard, the fact that there's a certain age that we can't have kids anymore.;Courteney Cox;age
While I had often said that I wanted to die in bed, what I really meant was that in my old age I wanted to be stepped on by an elephant while making love.;Roger Zelazny;age
I basically started playing violin at the age of six. That lasted about three years because my previous teacher died and the second teacher didn't really know how to successfully get me going.;Miroslav Vitous;age
Age acquires no value save through thought and discipline.;James Truslow Adams;age
I've had to be a man since I was 12 or 13. I had a job. And I was playing the piano for people twice my age. Handling responsibility is what makes a man a man.;Jamie Foxx;age
Old age isn't so bad when you consider the alternative.;Maurice Chevalier;age
Up until age 40, most men are just not as mature as women. So, it makes sense that a lot of women date up in age a bit.;Patti Stanger;age
Think back to yourself at age 18. I know I was mighty different than the Patti I am today. As we grow up, we grow out of our haircuts, our apartments and - often times - our romantic decisions.;Patti Stanger;age
I was well motivated. What I wanted to do was work for myself. I had twenty two jobs before I started my business at the age of twenty three and I didn't want one more boss telling me what to do. So I was motivated simply because I didn't want a boss.;Barbara Corcoran;age
Regardless of age, regardless of position, regardless of the business we happen to be in, all of us need to understand the importance of branding. We are CEOs of our own companies: Me, Inc. To be in business today, our most important job is to be head marketer for the brand called You.;Tom Peters;age
An age which is incapable of poetry is incapable of any kind of literature except the cleverness of a decadence.;Raymond Chandler;age
I've always felt that sexuality is a really slippery thing. In this day and age, it tends to get categorized and labeled, and I think labels are for food. Canned food.;Michael Stipe;age
There must be a law against forcing children to perform at an early age. Children should have a wonderful childhood. They should not be given too much responsibility.;Maria Callas;age
Each age tries to form its own conception of the past. Each age writes the history of the past anew with reference to the conditions uppermost in its own time.;Frederick Jackson Turner;age
People quit on jobs. They quit on marriages. They quit on school. There's an immediacy of this day and age that doesn't lend itself to being committed to anything.;Emily Blunt;age
I nearly died of double bronchial pneumonia at the age of five.;Roger Moore;age
The wonderful thing about age is that your knees don't work as well, you can't run down steps quite as easily and obviously you can't lift heavy weights. But your mind doesn't feel any different.;Roger Moore;age
In a secular age, an authentic miracle must purport to be a hoax, in order to gain credit in the world.;Angela Carter;age
But I think it's a little different in Europe, because 40 is really the best age for a woman. That's when we hit our peak and become this ripe fruit.;Juliette Binoche;age
My mother was 45 when she had me, so when I was in high school my parents were the same age as my friends' grandparents.;Jack White;age
In the age of television, image becomes more important than substance.;S. I. Hayakawa;age
Just call me a family man and an actor who digs his whole scene, side interests and all. Just say I feel mighty good at the ripe old age of 27.;Bobby Darin;age
Maybe back in the day you didn't need to be the greatest looking to be on TV and you didn't need to speak the best, but in this day and age, I think you need to be the package. You need to look the part for your sponsors, you need to be able to speak the part for the media and to big CEOs.;Danica Patrick;age
The culture of independent film criticism has totally gone down the drain and this seems to come with the territory of the consumer age that we are now living in.;Wim Wenders;age
There are only three things that can kill a farmer: lightning, rolling over in a tractor, and old age.;Bill Bryson;age
They say eyes clear with age.;Philip Larkin;age
Growing up on stage, I was introduced to makeup at a young age and I will never forget the first time I tried on a L'Oreal Paris iconic lipstick - it was instant glamour and I've been hooked ever since.;Lea Michele;age
I don't mind my age.;Heather Mills;age
Despite what anti-aging ads say, growing older can be better. I feel better in my skin, 100 percent. You have greater effects of gravity, but the better sense of yourself you have is something I wouldn't trade. Women who lie about their age - 'why?';Demi Moore;age
For the moment I prefer to be a beautiful woman of my age than try desperately to look 30.;Demi Moore;age
It's a little silly to finally learn how to write at this age. But I long ago realized I was secretly sincere.;Annie Dillard;age
It's not always possible to sit down and eat at home in this day and age of fast-paced living, but if you are going to eat out, do so as a family and support all the great local places in your areas. I'll still eat at the same diner I did as a kid with my parents.;Michael Symon;age
I worked hard in gymnastics since the time I was six years old until I retired at 23 years of age.;Nadia Comaneci;age
I did successfully kick tobacco at the age of 34. I smoked for like 20 years, from 14 to 34.;Larry Hagman;age
India saw from the beginning, and, even in her ages of reason and her age of increasing ignorance, she never lost hold of the insight, that life cannot be rightly seen in the sole light, cannot be perfectly lived in the sole power of its externalities.;Sri Aurobindo;age
Back in the 1960s, I saw Peter, Paul and Mary. I was at that age, about 14, and I was mesmerized.;Lucinda Williams;age
For me from a pretty young age up until about 21 years old hallucinogenics had a huge place in my life.;Jon Fishman;age
A sense of freedom is something that, happily, comes with age and life experience.;Diane Keaton;age
Writers obviously have to bear witness to the harsh face of the age.;Alexander McCall Smith;age
Stop living a day at a time and stop worrying about age.;Helen Reddy;age
Young women from a very young age are taught that life will be easier if you can just turn on the charming smile and say very little and be complacent and docile and sweet.;Amber Heard;age
I started writing when I had three kids under the age of 4. I used to write every ten minutes I got to sit in front of a computer. Now, when I have more time, I function the same way: if it's writing time, I write.;Jodi Picoult;age
I'm never overawed by a situation and I think that's because I've always looked several years older than I am. So because people were treating me like I was 40 when I was 29, I've always felt in control of a situation. People used to say, when you're 32, you'll look 32. I'm still waiting for that moment, where my age catches up with my appearance.;Chris O'Dowd;age
I am 54 and age is slowly writing itself on my face.;Arthur Smith;age
I envy the sensibility in Europe, appreciating beauty in women as they age. I'm going to go that way. I might dye my gray hair for a bit, but beyond that the buck stops. I'm not having any work done.;Rachel Bilson;age
It was Julie Burchill who decreed that, beyond a certain age, a man should not be seen in a leather jacket.;Arthur Smith;age
