A good marriage would be between a blind wife and a deaf husband.;Michel de Montaigne;marriage
Let the wife make the husband glad to come home, and let him make her sorry to see him leave.;Martin Luther;marriage
My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me.;Winston Churchill;marriage
Before marriage, a girl has to make love to a man to hold him. After marriage, she has to hold him to make love to him.;Marilyn Monroe;marriage
I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.;Rita Rudner;marriage
Happy is the man who finds a true friend, and far happier is he who finds that true friend in his wife.;Franz Schubert;marriage
Marriage is neither heaven nor hell, it is simply purgatory.;Abraham Lincoln;marriage
One should always be in love. That is the reason one should never marry.;Oscar Wilde;marriage
Every good relationship, especially marriage, is based on respect. If it's not based on respect, nothing that appears to be good will last very long.;Amy Grant;marriage
I have learned that only two things are necessary to keep one's wife happy. First, let her think she's having her own way. And second, let her have it.;Lyndon B. Johnson;marriage
More marriages might survive if the partners realized that sometimes the better comes after the worse.;Doug Larson;marriage
When marrying, ask yourself this question: Do you believe that you will be able to converse well with this person into your old age? Everything else in marriage is transitory.;Friedrich Nietzsche;marriage
There is nothing in the world like the devotion of a married woman. It is a thing no married man knows anything about.;Oscar Wilde;marriage
One advantage of marriage is that, when you fall out of love with him or he falls out of love with you, it keeps you together until you fall in again.;Judith Viorst;marriage
Sometimes I wonder if men and women really suit each other. Perhaps they should live next door and just visit now and then.;Katharine Hepburn;marriage
If I get married, I want to be very married.;Audrey Hepburn;marriage
Do you know what it means to come home at night to a woman who'll give you a little love, a little affection, a little tenderness? It means you're in the wrong house, that's what it means.;Henny Youngman;marriage
The secret of a happy marriage remains a secret.;Henny Youngman;marriage
A dress that zips up the back will bring a husband and wife together.;James H. Boren;marriage
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.;Benjamin Franklin;marriage
Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage.;Benjamin Franklin;marriage
Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who wants to live in an institution?;Groucho Marx;marriage
I'd marry again if I found a man who had fifteen million dollars, would sign over half to me, and guarantee that he'd be dead within a year.;Bette Davis;marriage
A good husband is never the first to go to sleep at night or the last to awake in the morning.;Honore de Balzac;marriage
Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge.;Bill Cosby;marriage
If you want to sacrifice the admiration of many men for the criticism of one, go ahead, get married.;Katharine Hepburn;marriage
Being divorced is like being hit by a Mack truck. If you live through it, you start looking very carefully to the right and to the left.;Jean Kerr;marriage
When you make the sacrifice in marriage, you're sacrificing not to each other but to unity in a relationship.;Joseph Campbell;marriage
Marriage is a great institution, but I'm not ready for an institution.;Mae West;marriage
Bachelors know more about women than married men if they didn't they'd be married too.;H. L. Mencken;marriage
No man should marry until he has studied anatomy and dissected at least one woman.;Honore de Balzac;marriage
All men make mistakes, but married men find out about them sooner.;Red Skelton;marriage
A journey is like marriage. The certain way to be wrong is to think you control it.;John Steinbeck;marriage
For years my wedding ring has done its job. It has led me not into temptation. It has reminded my husband numerous times at parties that it's time to go home. It has been a source of relief to a dinner companion. It has been a status symbol in the maternity ward.;Erma Bombeck;marriage
A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he's finished.;Zsa Zsa Gabor;marriage
Never get married in college it's hard to get a start if a prospective employer finds you've already made one mistake.;Elbert Hubbard;marriage
He's the kind of man a woman would have to marry to get rid of.;Mae West;marriage
To keep your marriage brimming, With love in the loving cup, Whenever you're wrong, admit it Whenever you're right, shut up.;Ogden Nash;marriage
Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage.;Ambrose Bierce;marriage
Marriage resembles a pair of shears, so joined that they cannot be separated often moving in opposite directions, yet always punishing anyone who comes between them.;Sydney Smith;marriage
Marriage has no guarantees. If that's what you're looking for, go live with a car battery.;Erma Bombeck;marriage
When a man opens a car door for his wife, it's either a new car or a new wife.;Prince Philip;marriage
It's tough to stay married. My wife kisses the dog on the lips, yet she won't drink from my glass.;Rodney Dangerfield;marriage
There's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn what it is I'll get married again.;Clint Eastwood;marriage
Politics doesn't make strange bedfellows - marriage does.;Groucho Marx;marriage
When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than to let him keep her.;Sacha Guitry;marriage
A successful marriage is an edifice that must be rebuilt every day.;Andre Maurois;marriage
There is nothing nobler or more admirable than when two people who see eye to eye keep house as man and wife, confounding their enemies and delighting their friends.;Homer;marriage
Basically my wife was immature. I'd be at home in the bath and she'd come in and sink my boats.;Woody Allen;marriage
Love is moral even without legal marriage, but marriage is immoral without love.;Ellen Key;marriage
By our Heavenly Father and only because of God, only because of God. We're like other couples. We do not get along perfectly we do not go without arguments and, as I call them, fights, and heartache and pain and hurting each other. But a marriage is three of us.;Barbara Mandrell;marriage
Marrying an old bachelor is like buying second-hand furniture.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;marriage
If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love.;Michel de Montaigne;marriage
Marriage, n: the state or condition of a community consisting of a master, a mistress, and two slaves, making in all, two.;Ambrose Bierce;marriage
Marriage is an adventure, like going to war.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;marriage
Strike an average between what a woman thinks of her husband a month before she marries him and what she thinks of him a year afterward, and you will have the truth about him.;H. L. Mencken;marriage
Men have a much better time of it than women. For one thing, they marry later for another thing, they die earlier.;H. L. Mencken;marriage
Well married a person has wings, poorly married shackles.;Henry Ward Beecher;marriage
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs a lot less.;Brendan Behan;marriage
Marriage is a series of desperate arguments people feel passionately about.;Katharine Hepburn;marriage
I think women are natural caretakers. They take care of everybody. They take care of their husbands and their kids and their dogs, and don't spend a lot of time just getting back and taking time out.;Reese Witherspoon;marriage
Bachelors have consciences, married men have wives.;Samuel Johnson;marriage
It's not beauty but fine qualities, my girl, that keep a husband.;Euripides;marriage
A man marries to have a home, but also because he doesn't want to be bothered with sex and all that sort of thing.;W. Somerset Maugham;marriage
An ideal wife is one who remains faithful to you but tries to be just as charming as if she weren't.;Sacha Guitry;marriage
A psychiatrist asks a lot of expensive questions your wife asks for nothing.;Joey Adams;marriage
If you made a list of reasons why any couple got married, and another list of the reasons for their divorce, you'd have a hell of a lot of overlapping.;Mignon McLaughlin;marriage
There were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded.;Princess Diana;marriage
Marrying for love may be a bit risky, but it is so honest that God can't help but smile on it.;Josh Billings;marriage
Why does a woman work ten years to change a man's habits and then complain that he's not the man she married?;Barbra Streisand;marriage
Do not put such unlimited power into the hands of husbands. Remember all men would be tyrants if they could.;Abigail Adams;marriage
The concept of two people living together for 25 years without a serious dispute suggests a lack of spirit only to be admired in sheep.;A. P. Herbert;marriage
Men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage - they've experienced pain and bought jewelry.;Rita Rudner;marriage
The majority of husbands remind me of an orangutan trying to play the violin.;Honore de Balzac;marriage
Marriage is like a cage one sees the birds outside desperate to get in, and those inside equally desperate to get out.;Michel de Montaigne;marriage
The true index of a man's character is the health of his wife.;Cyril Connolly;marriage
A wedding is a funeral where you smell your own flowers.;Eddie Cantor;marriage
No man is regular in his attendance at the House of Commons until he is married.;Benjamin Disraeli;marriage
Almost no one is foolish enough to imagine that he automatically deserves great success in any field of activity yet almost everyone believes that he automatically deserves success in marriage.;Sydney J. Harris;marriage
Getting divorced just because you don't love a man is almost as silly as getting married just because you do.;Zsa Zsa Gabor;marriage
Marriage is a bribe to make the housekeeper think she's a householder.;Thornton Wilder;marriage
A happy marriage is a long conversation which always seems too short.;Andre Maurois;marriage
In marriage there are no manners to keep up, and beneath the wildest accusations no real criticism. Each is familiar with that ancient child in the other who may erupt again. We are not ridiculous to ourselves. We are ageless. That is the luxury of the wedding ring.;Enid Bagnold;marriage
All marriages are happy. It's the living together afterward that causes all the trouble.;Raymond Hull;marriage
The first time you marry for love, the second for money, and the third for companionship.;Jackie Kennedy;marriage
Marriage must incessantly contend with a monster that devours everything: familiarity.;Honore de Balzac;marriage
It destroys one's nerves to be amiable every day to the same human being.;Benjamin Disraeli;marriage
A husband is what is left of a lover, after the nerve has been extracted.;Helen Rowland;marriage
Marriage is nature's way of keeping us from fighting with strangers.;Alan King;marriage
Marriage may be the closest thing to Heaven or Hell any of us will know on this earth.;Edwin Louis Cole;marriage
Any intelligent woman who reads the marriage contract, and then goes into it, deserves all the consequences.;Isadora Duncan;marriage
Marriage should be a duet - when one sings, the other claps.;Joe Murray;marriage
It takes patience to appreciate domestic bliss volatile spirits prefer unhappiness.;George Santayana;marriage
Marriage is a wonderful invention: then again, so is a bicycle repair kit.;Billy Connolly;marriage
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance.;Jane Austen;marriage
Love is often the fruit of marriage.;Moliere;marriage
It is a full time job being honest one moment at a time, remembering to love, to honor, to respect. It is a practice, a discipline, worthy of every moment.;Jasmine Guy;marriage
Plant and your spouse plants with you weed and you weed alone.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;marriage
Marriage, a market which has nothing free but the entrance.;Michel de Montaigne;marriage
