Even when I work with computers, with high technology, I always try to put in the touch of the hand.;Issey Miyake;computers
Bill Gates is the pope of the personal computer industry. He decides who's going to build.;Larry Ellison;computers
I am regularly asked what the average Internet user can do to ensure his security. My first answer is usually 'Nothing you're screwed'.;Bruce Schneier;computers
Yet in this global economy, no jobs are safe. High-speed Internet connections and low-cost, skilled labor overseas are an explosive combination.;Bob Taft;computers
The future lies in designing and selling computers that people don't realize are computers at all.;Adam Osborne;computers
I do two things. I design mobile computers and I study brains.;Jeff Hawkins;computers
The Internet is a powerful way to make lots of money... But we are not going to buy Yahoo!;Sumner Redstone;computers
Supercomputers will achieve one human brain capacity by 2010, and personal computers will do so by about 2020.;Ray Kurzweil;computers
I'm too old-fashioned to use a computer. I'm too old-fashioned to use a quill.;Christopher Plummer;computers
What do we want our kids to do? Sweep up around Japanese computers?;Walter F. Mondale;computers
Right now, computers, which are supposed to be our servant, are oppressing us.;Jef Raskin;computers
I got interested in computers and how they could be enslaved to the megalomaniac impulses of a teenager.;Eugene Jarvis;computers
What I try to do is factor in how people use computers, what people's problems are, and how these technologies can get applied to those problems. Then I try to direct the various product groups to act on this information.;John Warnock;computers
We demand privacy, yet we glorify those that break into computers.;Bill McCollum;computers
Software comes from heaven when you have good hardware.;Ken Olsen;computers
I'm a '70s mom, and my daughter is a '90s mom. I know a lot of women my age who are real computer freaks.;Florence Henderson;computers
The digital revolution is far more significant than the invention of writing or even of printing.;Douglas Engelbart;computers
The internet is not for sissies.;Paul Vixie;computers
If net neutrality goes away, it will fundamentally change everything about the Internet.;James Hilton;computers
I've tried word processors, but I think I'm too old a dog to use one.;Dee Brown;computers
As a rule, software systems do not work well until they have been used, and have failed repeatedly, in real applications.;Dave Parnas;computers
What we did not imagine was a Web of people, but a Web of documents.;Dale Dougherty;computers
Computers make me totally blank out.;Dalai Lama;computers
Computers themselves, and software yet to be developed, will revolutionize the way we learn.;Steve Jobs;computers
We're going to be able to ask our computers to monitor things for us, and when certain conditions happen, are triggered, the computers will take certain actions and inform us after the fact.;Steve Jobs;computers
This is what customers pay us for - to sweat all these details so it's easy and pleasant for them to use our computers. We're supposed to be really good at this. That doesn't mean we don't listen to customers, but it's hard for them to tell you what they want when they've never seen anything remotely like it.;Steve Jobs;computers
I just think people have a lot of fiction. But, you know, I mean, the real story of Facebook is just that we've worked so hard for all this time. I mean, the real story is actually probably pretty boring, right? I mean, we just sat at our computers for six years and coded.;Mark Zuckerberg;computers
Few companies that installed computers to reduce the employment of clerks have realized their expectations... They now need more, and more expensive clerks even though they call them 'operators' or 'programmers.';Peter Drucker;computers
There is no heaven or afterlife for broken-down computers that is a fairy story for people afraid of the dark.;Stephen Hawking;computers
There is a computer disease that anybody who works with computers knows about. It's a very serious disease and it interferes completely with the work. The trouble with computers is that you 'play' with them!;Richard P. Feynman;computers
There is a real danger that computers will develop intelligence and take over. We urgently need to develop direct connections to the brain so that computers can add to human intelligence rather than be in opposition.;Stephen Hawking;computers
Globalization, as defined by rich people like us, is a very nice thing... you are talking about the Internet, you are talking about cell phones, you are talking about computers. This doesn't affect two-thirds of the people of the world.;Jimmy Carter;computers
Computers and the Internet have made it really easy to rant. It's made everyone overly opinionated.;Scott Weiland;computers
The real story of Facebook is just that we've worked so hard for all this time. I mean, the real story is actually probably pretty boring, right? I mean, we just sat at our computers for six years and coded.;Mark Zuckerberg;computers
Sci-fi films are the epic films of the day because we can no longer put 10,000 extras in the scene - but we can draw thousands of aliens with computers.;William Shatner;computers
Don't try to be like Jackie. There is only one Jackie. Study computers instead.;Jackie Chan;computers
I'm interested in all kinds of pictures, however they are made, with cameras, with paint brushes, with computers, with anything.;David Hockney;computers
That's what happens nowadays with people working on computers. They can so easily fix things with their mouse and take out all the, 'Oh, somebody coughed in the background we need to take that out' - or somebody hit a bad note. Those are all the best moments.;Jack White;computers
Google is working on self-driving cars, and they seem to work. People are so bad at driving cars that computers don't have to be that good to be much better.;Marc Andreessen;computers
We're getting so pulled in by computers and technology, and our kids have their face in the computers all day. The human relationship is being diminished by this.;Lenny Kravitz;computers
I have a crazy amount of different jobs, so the way I manage that is to not do more than one at a time. It's like old computers that had small memory chips, they would do something called swapping, where they would fill the memory with one task, do it and get it out.;Louis C. K.;computers
Electronic aids, particularly domestic computers, will help the inner migration, the opting out of reality. Reality is no longer going to be the stuff out there, but the stuff inside your head. It's going to be commercial and nasty at the same time.;J. G. Ballard;computers
People are so bad at driving cars that computers don't have to be that good to be much better. Any time you stand in line at the D.M.V. and look around, you're like, Oh, my God, I wish all these people were replaced by computer drivers.;Marc Andreessen;computers
Technology is like water it wants to find its level. So if you hook up your computer to a billion other computers, it just makes sense that a tremendous share of the resources you want to use - not only text or media but processing power too - will be located remotely.;Marc Andreessen;computers
It was used for decades to describe talented computer enthusiasts, people whose skill at using computers to solve technical problems and puzzles was - and is - respected and admired by others possessing similar technical skills.;Kevin Mitnick;computers
Why does everyone think the future is space helmets, silver foil, and talking like computers, like a bad episode of Star Trek?;Tracey Ullman;computers
I understand that computers, which I once believed to be but a hermaphrodite typewriter-cum-filing cabinet, offer the cyber literate increased ability to communicate. I do not think this is altogether a bad thing, however it may appear on the surface.;David Mamet;computers
You have riches and freedom here but I feel no sense of faith or direction. You have so many computers, why don't you use them in the search for love?;Lech Walesa;computers
I use many different gadgets connected with computers I use PCs, laptops and a Palm Pilot. I also use the Internet to visit websites, especially within Polish-language Internet. I usually go to political discussion groups and sites - of course, as I use my real name, people never believe that they are chatting with me!;Lech Walesa;computers
I'm not afraid of computers taking over the world.;Thom Yorke;computers
I don't know anything about computers.;Adam Carolla;computers
I get hired to hack into computers now and sometimes it's actually easier than it was years ago.;Kevin Mitnick;computers
Beatbullying's 'The Big March 2012' is such a brilliant campaign and I am very proud to be a part of it. I have been a victim of cyber bullying myself and I know firsthand just how hurtful it can be. People think that they can hide behind computers and send nasty and hurtful comments to people, and this is wrong.;Katherine Jenkins;computers
Today, computers are almost second nature to most of us.;James Dyson;computers
I've always been at the intersection of computers and whatever they can revolutionize.;Jeff Bezos;computers
In the past, missionaries have traveled to far countries with the message of the gospel - with great hardship and often with the loss of life. In contrast, we can reach millions instantly from the comfort of our homes by merely hitting the 'send' button on our computers, or with iPads, or phones.;Ray Comfort;computers
Keep in mind that there are computers, that do touch things up. Like when I got a hold of the poster for 'Gold Diggers,' I said: 'Hey, wait a minute! Those aren't my teeth!';Anna Chlumsky;computers
It always helps to be a good programmer. It is important to like computers and to be able to think of things people would want to do with their computers.;Bill Budge;computers
The technological revolution at home makes it much easier for computers to do our work.;Fareed Zakaria;computers
I wish people would turn off their computers, go outside, talk to people, touch people, lick people, enjoy each other's company and smell each other on the rump.;Tre Cool;computers
The Semantic Web is not a separate Web but an extension of the current one, in which information is given well-defined meaning, better enabling computers and people to work in cooperation.;Tim Berners-Lee;computers
We could say we want the Web to reflect a vision of the world where everything is done democratically. To do that, we get computers to talk with each other in such a way as to promote that ideal.;Tim Berners-Lee;computers
It appears that the media filters we carry in our heads are like computers: they've been forced to get faster in order to keep up with the demands our high-speed society puts on them.;Roy H. Williams;computers
Musicians and journalists are the canaries in the coalmine, but, eventually, as computers get more and more powerful, it will kill off all middle-class professions.;Jaron Lanier;computers
I am of the very last generation who didn't have computers at school. As we grow old we'll become something of an aberration.;Steve Coogan;computers
Our lives sometimes depend on computers performing as predicted.;Philip Emeagwali;computers
The only thing I do on a computer is play Texas Hold 'Em, really. Obviously my cell phone is a computer. My car is a computer. I'm on computers every day without actively seeking them out.;John Hawkes;computers
The next major explosion is going to be when genetics and computers come together. I'm talking about an organic computer - about biological substances that can function like a semiconductor.;Alvin Toffler;computers
I look like a geeky hacker, but I don't know anything about computers.;Justin Long;computers
Yeah, computers are going to take over the programming business because they have become so fast recently that they can solve the Halting Problem in five seconds flat.;Craig Bruce;computers
I think I thought it would be important for electronics as we knew it then, but that was a much simpler business and electronics was mostly radio and television and the first computers.;Jack Kilby;computers
When I launched the development of the GNU system, I explicitly said the purpose of developing this system is so we can use our computers and have freedom, thus if you use some other free system instead but you have freedom, then it's a success. It's not popularity for our code but it's success for our goal.;Richard Stallman;computers
The great advance of personal computers was not the computing power per se but the fact that it brought it right to your face, that you had control over it, that were confronted with it and could steer it.;Kevin Kelly;computers
I'm a very simple person. I don't use computers.;Carrie-Anne Moss;computers
With our work at Kazaa, we began seeing growing broadband connections and more powerful computers and more streaming multimedia, and we saw that the traditional way of communicating by phone no longer made a lot of sense.;Niklas Zennstrom;computers
When I'm not writing or tweaking my computer, I do embroidery. When I'm not plunging into the past, tweaking, or embroidering, I'm reading books about history, computers, or embroidery.;Lynn Abbey;computers
There's all these ways to instantly communicate - cars, computers, telephone and transportation - and even with all that, it's so hard to find people and have an honest communication with them.;Jason Schwartzman;computers
I'm really anti-option, so computers have been my nightmare with recording. I don't want endless tracks I want less tracks. I want decisions to be made.;Ian MacKaye;computers
I was a 'Duck Hunt' and 'Mario' guy, and stuff like that. I was never technologically driven. I never had all the cool, new toys. I was the youngest child, I wasn't the only child, so I wasn't spoiled as a kid. And, we were on the farm, so we didn't have a lot. Also, with computers, I'm not very good with them. I just check my email.;Garrett Hedlund;computers
We're just into toys, whether it's motorcycles or race cars or computers. I've got the Palm Pilot right here with me, I've got the world's smallest phone. Maybe it's just because I'm still a big little kid and I just love toys, you know?;Catherine Bell;computers
Anyway, all these computers and digital gadgets are no good. They just fill your head with numbers and that can't be good for you.;Prince;computers
My whole life had been designing computers I could never build.;Steve Wozniak;computers
At our computer club, we talked about it being a revolution. Computers were going to belong to everyone, and give us power, and free us from the people who owned computers and all that stuff.;Steve Wozniak;computers
My goal wasn't to make a ton of money. It was to build good computers.;Steve Wozniak;computers
We've lost touch and allowed technology to take precedence over organic nature. But let's not forget that those microchips in our computers came from elements of the earth.;Emilio Estevez;computers
When I grew up we had gym at school, two or three dance classes after school, ice skating lessons, and all sorts of sports at our finger tips. We weren't glued to computers because they didn't exist, so being active was all we knew.;Lisa Loeb;computers
In fact, technology has been the story of human progress from as long back as we know. In 100 years people will look back on now and say, 'That was the Internet Age.' And computers will be seen as a mere ingredient to the Internet Age.;Reed Hastings;computers
Kids today are smarter than we ever were. And they've got computers, too, which is awesome. They're scary to me.;David Arquette;computers
A lot of journalists like to suck up to celebrities, and then as soon as they're a safe distance away at their computers, they take shots. But that's the way society has become, especially in pop culture.;Scott Weiland;computers
I take computers practically apart and put them back together. I have a supercomputer I built over the years out of different computers.;Jared Leto;computers
I'm projecting somewhere between 100 million and 200 million computers on the Net by the end of December 2000, and about 300 million users by that same time.;Vinton Cerf;computers
I know so many people who actually just watch television on their computers now and don't even really watch their TV anymore.;Busy Philipps;computers
You can involve yourself in electronics, computers, puzzles... there's a lot of creativity and brain working. There's a lot to model trains that people don't realize.;Gary Coleman;computers
Man-made computers are limited in their performance by finite processing speed and memory. So, too, the cosmic computer is limited in power by its age and the finite speed of light.;Paul Davies;computers
From cell phones to computers, quality is improving and costs are shrinking as companies fight to offer the public the best product at the best price. But this philosophy is sadly missing from our health-care insurance system.;John Shadegg;computers
I think we are at the very beginning of high changes, not only in terms of digital film, but in the way the movies will be screened, whether they'll be screened on phones, on computers - on everything.;Michel Hazanavicius;computers
You have to wait for people to program you. The only difference is the amount of people that you're going to reach but that's going to even out in the next two or three years anyway. Computers are being bought faster than televisions right now.;Chuck D.;computers
To me, there is something superbly symbolic in the fact that an astronaut, sent up as assistant to a series of computers, found that he worked more accurately and more intelligently than they. Inside the capsule, man is still in charge.;Adlai Stevenson;computers
One of the problems with computers, particularly for the older people, is they were befuddled by them, and the computers have gotten better. They have gotten easier to use. They have gotten less expensive. The software interfaces have made things a lot more accessible.;Steve Case;computers
