In such an environment, I was able to study things that could be of immediate usefulness to the world. That learning experience undoubtedly served me well when I eventually entered the work force.;Koichi Tanaka;learning
I am dumb when it comes to learning dance steps.;Mia Kirshner;learning
I count myself as one of millions of Americans whose life simply would not be the same without the libraries that supported my learning.;Scott Turow;learning
I'm not a very good painter, but I'm learning a lot.;Cleo Moore;learning
The fundamentals of baseball haven't changed, but how we can teach those fundamentals has. With an e-book, learning can be more rewarding and fun.;Dusty Baker;learning
Each experience I go through - marriage, my public life, my personal life - I'm learning as I go.;Jason Sudeikis;learning
In the past, I had my idols but today I enjoy learning from all the soccer I watch.;Andres Iniesta;learning
I was 17 and just learning what high fidelity was, what good sound was, and learning the mechanics of tape machines. It was a real education, going right from the consumer end to the record factory.;Alan Parsons;learning
My entire learning process is slow, because I have no visual memory.;Georg Solti;learning
I want to keep learning, keep exploring, keep doing more.;Jessye Norman;learning
I'd love to be a saxophonist. I don't know why, but I pretend I'm the saxophonist when I listen to music. I have about as much chance playing the sax as I do learning how to fly.;Richard Price;learning
Learning to drive is a scary thing for a parent. I had to basically lie to get the keys when I was a kid.;Rob Mariano;learning
I think kids slowly begin to realize that what they're learning relates to other things they know. Then learning starts to get more and more exciting.;Norton Juster;learning
I'm still learning, and that's what life is about.;Cary Elwes;learning
I only have one child. But I am learning that there is a lot to being a parent that you did not expect.;Dee Snider;learning
I always wanted to go to the Chavez school but I could never afford it when I was growing up so a lot of my learning came from magic books and watching other magicians. I was also very lucky that I had a couple of really good magic teachers.;Lance Burton;learning
Our libraries are valuable centers of education, learning and enrichment for people of all ages. In recent years, libraries have taken on an increasingly important role. today's libraries are about much more than books.;Jodi Rell;learning
My one thing is I continue to be interested and want to be a student. I don't want to be a master. When I'm learning something, I'm in my element.;Chick Corea;learning
Today when I think about diversity, I actually think about the word 'inclusion.' And I think this is a time of great inclusion. It's not men, it's not women alone. Whether it's geographic, it's approach, it's your style, it's your way of learning, the way you want to contribute, it's your age - it is really broad.;Ginni Rometty;learning
I'm learning to embrace who I am and what I look like.;Erica Durance;learning
Art in the classroom not only spurs creativity, it also inspires learning.;Mickey Hart;learning
Everything in life is a lesson and I have learned from each marriage. Yes, I've made mistakes but every experience is a learning curve.;Patsy Kensit;learning
I love learning about different dialects and I own all sorts of regional and time-period slang dictionaries. I often browse through relevant ones while writing a story. I also read a lot of diaries and oral histories.;Ron Rash;learning
We do a lot of shows for young people who have probably never been to the theater before and they are learning about the Holocaust, which unhappily, many of them do not know about.;Linda Lavin;learning
If you feel your school is failing you, the question is why. Is it a lack of parental involvement, large classes, school violence, poor learning environment? Are there any standards to determine where problems are? Are there tutoring or mentoring programs? If the school is still failing after 3 years then what are your options?;John Rowland;learning
People trust I know what I'm doing. I have lots of credibility. I've had years of learning. I know and understand my business.;Lori Greiner;learning
I'm learning a lot how to be good at what I do and also how lucky I am and take it all in and be grateful for all this late in life success I've been having and it's good to have people that have been around and successful for awhile and work with them and see how they behave and it's why they are who they are and why they're still successful.;Jeffrey Dean Morgan;learning
I enjoy the element of pushing yourself, learning something new, whether it's a dance step, a scene, an emotion.;Kenny Wormald;learning
The director's job is full of all sorts of annoyances and details - like how many cars are on the street. Ugh. I don't want it. I like my gig. And I feel that for the next 30 years or so I can keep learning more about it.;Tyne Daly;learning
Learning starts with failure the first failure is the beginning of education.;John Hersey;learning
I think I'd like to stay anchoring because, number one, I'm learning a lot, and I love it when I'm learning. And number two, I also have the luxury of a stable life.;Linda Vester;learning
I'd think learning to play the guitar would be very confusing for sighted people.;Doc Watson;learning
My daughter, the one who lives nearby, is raising her children to be very much aware. We went on a nature walk on Monday I'm learning so much from her.;Joanne Woodward;learning
I've just been learning how to direct my own videos, choreography, doing costumes... every creative opportunity there is with my music I've taken.;Santigold;learning
I spent many years trying to write a lot like Ben Folds or John Lennon or Rivers Cuomo. I think that's healthy when you're learning to write and seeing how chords fit together and how songs take shape.;Andrew Dost;learning
In Britain, you do your job. When you do an American TV show, there is a sense of being one with the crew, and there is a leadership element, which was a learning curve for me because it is very different culturally. In Britain, you just do it, leave and say, 'Thanks.';Theo James;learning
Learning lines is my biggest challenge.;Tim Meadows;learning
Learning can take place in the backyard if there is a human being there who cares about the child. Before learning computers, children should learn to read first. They should sit around the dinner table and hear what their parents have to say and think.;Dixie Carter;learning
Belief gets in the way of learning.;Jeremy Collier;learning
I love talking about women because they are a constant study and you're always learning.;Mario Lopez;learning
Learning teacheth more in one year than experience in twenty.;Roger Ascham;learning
Young children were sooner allured by love, than driven by beating, to attain good learning.;Roger Ascham;learning
Let the master praise him, and say, 'Here ye do well.' For, I assure you, there is no such whetstone to sharpen a good wit, and encourage a will to learning, as is praise.;Roger Ascham;learning
In mine opinion, love is fitter than fear, gentleness better than beating, to bring up a child rightly in learning.;Roger Ascham;learning
Oprah was not somebody who was telling us what to do, she wasn't really teaching us like so many people we see today. With Oprah, she was learning and we were learning with her. And I think that's really was the seed that was planted for all of us to just hang in there with her.;Bonnie Hunt;learning
Then as everything, like I say, things started to come together, when things started to go our way, that's when you results started to come. I was no different driver. I was certainly learning every time I went in the car.;Dan Wheldon;learning
When I have the time at home, I'll practice three or four hours a day. I have to. And I'm a late starter I started at age 17 and at age 51 I'm still learning.;Bruce Hornsby;learning
I know it may seem surprising to people, but learning dialog that has a conversational flow to it is not that difficult.;Deidre Hall;learning
But I think it's hard for me to only put out one record a year. Because I get too antsy. But it's good I'm learning to do that, because each record counts. And you should make it count.;Ty Segall;learning
Maybe our young people are not as vacuous as we would like to lead ourselves to believe - that all they're interested in is hairdos and looking at other beautiful people. Maybe they're interested in learning something.;David James Elliott;learning
In the United States, we spend millions of dollars on sports because it promotes teamwork, discipline, and the experience of learning to make great progress in small increments. Learning to play music does all this and more.;Linda Ronstadt;learning
There are hurdles to overcome in sport and in life. Sport is a very valuable learning ground for how to live your life in the best possible way.;Lynn Davies;learning
Melville brought to the task a sound knowledge of actual whaling, much curious learning in the literature of the subject, and, above all, an imagination which worked with great power upon the facts of his own experience.;Carl Clinton Van Doren;learning
After the United States entered the war, I joined the Naval Reserve and spent ninety days in a Columbia University dormitory learning to be a naval officer.;James Tobin;learning
Diabetes is a disease that's had a deep impact on my family. My little brother has had type 1 diabetes since he was a baby and I have spent time learning about the disease and trying to bring attention to it so that one day soon we will reach a cure.;Izabel Goulart;learning
It was a fantastic learning experience and OK, I got slammed because I wasn't Audrey Hepburn but you could have predicted that, really, if you'd opened your eyes wide enough.;Julia Ormond;learning
I want to direct, produce, and write, learning as I go.;Emmanuel Lewis;learning
An important aspect of the current situation is the strong social reaction against suggestions that the home language of African American children be used in the first steps of learning to read and write.;William Labov;learning
Everything is a learning experience.;Angus T. Jones;learning
I love learning new things that will never be put to practical use.;Jackson Rathbone;learning
The Finland of the 21st century can thrive only if women of learning - in common with their male counterparts - are guaranteed the opportunity to use their creative potential to the full.;Tarja Halonen;learning
There's always a learning curve, where you've got to learn what your subject is all about.;Brad Gilbert;learning
I played saxophone, so I was into jazz. I learned from each audience and each teacher that I had. I can't really tell you any rules or anything, but the way I develop my beliefs is really just by personally learning from different situations.;Chad Hugo;learning
Learning is what most adults will do for a living in the 21st century.;S. J. Perelman;learning
Obviously, I've been on sets before but nothing as big as 'Twilight.' You forget sometimes that you're on set of one of the biggest movies ever- so when you just sit back and think about it its just so incredible. It's such a great learning experience.;Booboo Stewart;learning
Everything starts and ends with the song, and working with writers and really learning their process and craft was an invaluable experience.;Tommy Mottola;learning
Students who are interested in learning about the environment should not be dissuaded from doing so, but only if they have proved their proficiency in other basic courses, such as U.S. history. Until then, we need to focus on producing well-educated citizens steeped in their country's history and mindful of their civic responsibilities.;George Nethercutt;learning
Some kids don't know where they'll spend the night. How can we expect them to focus on learning?;Dennis Moore;learning
Under these conditions it is not astonishing that learning was highly prized in fact, my parents made sacrifices to be able to give their children a good education.;Simon van der Meer;learning
I'm learning as much martial arts as I possibly can. My show is packed with action. Enough to get a rise.;Traci Bingham;learning
The introduction of many minds into many fields of learning along a broad spectrum keeps alive questions about the accessibility, if not the unity, of knowledge.;Edward Levi;learning
The British system had requirements, including Latin. I'm not positive you ever had to know Greek, but there are certainly kinds of curricula where you had to know Greek too. I think in Britain there was the most mindless, repetitive sort of learning.;William Scott;learning
I avoid the media circus, keep my head down and try to keep growing and learning things.;Georgie Fame;learning
Pop songs are not as graceful as they used to be. Performers today haven't gone through the regimen of learning how to write. And of course, everyone wants to own copyrights.;Hal David;learning
Growing up, my sisters and I would always talk stories. One of my frustrations was I didn't know anything about cameras. I didn't know how to make a film and I obviously didn't have a special effects budget. I was a kid. So I was learning to draw to get down the stuff that was in my head, that I couldn't afford to actually do.;Jennifer Yuh Nelson;learning
I come from Montana, and in eastern Montana we have a lot of dirt between light bulbs. It is expensive trying to bring the new technologies to smaller schools to upgrade their technologies to take advantage of distance learning.;Conrad Burns;learning
When I left Bradford and got a phone call from Dave Parnaby asking 'did I want to come back in?', I was delighted to accept. The whole buzz at the club at the moment is great for someone like me who is still learning and wanting to hopefully go into management in my own right at some point.;Colin Cooper;learning
'Strictly Business' is about a young black man who is learning about himself, and that applies to a lot of young black men, those who are trying to find jobs. This film gives them a good look at that situation.;Tommy Davidson;learning
We are learning more about the humanity of the unborn child. Science and truth support the prolife movement.;Candice S. Miller;learning
Film, for me, has been a process of learning on the job.;Michael Stuhlbarg;learning
Working with David Gordon Green, and Jonah Hill, and Michael Cera, and Drew Barrymore, and all of those people - those are the best people in comedy to work with. Anna Faris. You know, that's my goal, to keep learning and to just keep working with the best people I can. And yeah, we do all hang out, and we all kind of know each other.;Ari Graynor;learning
That's not all our crops can do. We are also learning how to transform plants into factories. We can now raise plants that will create enzymes that would otherwise be created in chemical factories.;Thomas Carper;learning
From you we have learned what we, at least, value, to separate Church and State and from you we gather inspiration at all times in our devotion to learning, to religious liberty, and to individual and National freedom.;Seth Low;learning
I've been doing a lot of learning from mistakes, first and foremost, and building off that.;William Green;learning
I didn't miss training because it had become so painful for me. I filled the void pretty quickly as I went straight into coaching and it was great I had to start learning all over again, and then when I went into TV I knew nothing about it so I had to start from the very beginning.;Jo Durie;learning
I'm thinking about learning a few new things - like taking classical guitar lessons - and I'd like to bring what I learn into hard rock.;Mick Mars;learning
I know what I like when I see it, but no way have I ever become interested in learning about it.;Timothy Spall;learning
I like doing accents and I like learning as much as I can learn.;Jaime King;learning
I think that's what's great about being an actress is you get to learn so many different things like that, like learning a little bit of Tibetan here, learning a Southern accent there.;Jaime King;learning
Acting classes, I guess, are good and I would like to maybe sometime take one. But I would feel like I was learning someone else's technique. I like mine.;Frankie Muniz;learning
I like to start out each day from the beginning. I'm always learning things.;Bruce Weber;learning
I am looking forward to learning at the knee of Paul Ryan. He doesn't strike me as a politician. He strikes me as an economist.;Todd Rokita;learning
It wasn't until I went to college that I met the theatre people and began to admire them because they were learning a trade that was guaranteed to make money!;John Davidson;learning
I think I'm going to spend some time learning how to be a first-time mom, and then I'll go back to work.;Linda Cardellini;learning
I acted in theater and I took film classes when I was 12 and just obsessed over it. I loved it and spent hours and hours in the film studio learning and watching.;Mary Elizabeth Winstead;learning
As I got older, I really got into Tupac's poetry, his books and just learning about his life and what he was into.;Jhene Aiko;learning
Always keep learning. It keeps you young.;Patty Berg;learning
We'll go back to the moon by not learning anything new.;Burt Rutan;learning
Not only did I get to play with these great international musicians, but I also had the opportunity to jam with the local celebrities in Toronto, people like the Walsh Brothers, David Wilcox, Kim Mitchell and the like. It was a great learning experience.;Jeff Healey;learning
