My husband had a very strong identity and was successful in his life. Thank God for that. There's no way I can control him. I wouldn't stay married to him if I felt I could. I can readily take my business personality into the home. But he forces me to be a partner rather than the boss.;Barbara Corcoran;business
It's a libel to say that I use my newspapers to support my other business interests. The fact is, I haven't got any other business interests.;Rupert Murdoch;business
We've got to lift our game tremendously. We'll sell our business news and information in print, we'll sell it to anyone who's got a cable system, and we'll sell it on the Web.;Rupert Murdoch;business
One thing I resent is the slur that I just support political candidates because of the business.;Rupert Murdoch;business
Money is not the motivating force. It's nice to have money, but I don't live high. What I enjoy is running the business.;Rupert Murdoch;business
There's a terrible truth for many women in the picture business: Aging typically takes its toll and means fewer and less desirable roles.;Maureen O'Hara;business
Detainee policy in this war is hard, it's complicated, but we must get it right. We would be better off as a nation if we could close Gitmo safely and start a new prison that he could use that the world would see as a better way to doing business.;Lindsey Graham;business
I started in the restaurant business at the age of 19 as a waitress. I loved the atmosphere and the camaraderie of the restaurant business. I loved not having to go to an office. I loved making people happy.;Anne Burrell;business
What's so touching is the way we fight the war right until the moment our business is taken care of and then we turn on a dime and we immediately start taking care of people. It's like a shock and aw shucks campaign.;Dennis Miller;business
Design, in its broadest sense, is the enabler of the digital era - it's a process that creates order out of chaos, that renders technology usable to business. Design means being good, not just looking good.;Clement Mok;business
That's why I do this music business thing, it's communication with people without having the extreme inconvenience of actually phoning anybody up.;Steven Morrissey;business
A couple of months ago, I was down in Florida for the Food and Wine Festival. And this journalist grabbed me and said, 'How does it feel to be a TV guy? You're no longer in the restaurant business.' And I laughed. I asked him, 'How long do you think it takes me to do a season?' He said, 'Well, 200 days.' And I was like, '200 days? Try 20!';Tom Colicchio;business
I'll keep on acting 'til they wipe the drool. I like the business. I like to do different parts and diverse characters. I haven't lost my enthusiasm yet!;Robert Duvall;business
I started cooking in kitchens right out of high school, and I was lucky to work with a lot of great people, but I had no idea it would turn into this. Of course no one should go into this business because they want to be the next Emeril.;Tom Colicchio;business
The forgotten man... He works, he votes, generally he prays, but his chief business in life is to pay.;William Graham Sumner;business
I'm afraid for all those who'll have the bread snatched from their mouths by these machines. What business has science and capitalism got, bringing all these new inventions into the works, before society has produced a generation educated up to using them!;Henrik Ibsen;business
I never dreamt of being a musician for my livelihood. I certainly never would have wanted to be in the business that I'm in, meaning the fame and the glory, the glitter, the rock star, the famous part.;Eddie Van Halen;business
The Republican platform specifically says we don't believe in bailing out private business, and yet we did.;Rand Paul;business
Giving someone a one-time stimulus check, or a one-time tax cut that expires doesn't allow the predictability that business needs.;Rand Paul;business
How many times have you been out for a beer or dinner and people are coming up with business ideas? Everybody wants to think they've got that great business idea.;Mark Burnett;business
The people of Hong Kong are criticized for only being interested in business, but it's the only thing they've been allowed to do.;Paul Theroux;business
The whole point of being in this business and being blessed and being successful is that you're able to do things for your friends or your family, which means that they can have something special in their lives, too.;Elton John;business
And I trusted someone to look after me on the business side of life.;Elton John;business
The American formula for creating business is not to have the government create business.;John Sununu;business
Not since the steam engine has any invention disrupted business models like the Internet. Whole industries including music distribution, yellow-pages directories, landline telephones, and fax machines have been radically reordered by the digital revolution.;John Sununu;business
People are always saying that Hollywood messes up kids. I'm like, 'No, families mess up kids!' I grew up in Hollywood, and I'm perfectly fine. If my children want to go into the entertainment business, I won't stop them, as long as they're passionate about it.;Tori Spelling;business
The Internet creates as well as destroys. Social networks, search advertising, and cloud computing are multibillion dollar industries that didn't exist 10 years ago. They are products of the same force that has rendered the Postal Service's core business obsolete.;John Sununu;business
If you create something that is asking for people to respond as they're going to respond, you have to allow them to respond as they're going to respond. Some of the people are going to be uninterested and some people are going to be mad for some reason, which is their business. That's just the way the world is.;Charlie Kaufman;business
Energy and environmental regulation, transportation, and broadband policy all benefit when legislators have a basic grounding in the technical concepts behind business models, products, and innovation.;John Sununu;business
If you say, 'I'm going to cut this song because I know the teenagers are going to love it,' well, then you're going to alienate everybody else. When I cut my record, I'm just going to cut the things that I like, and whoever likes it, likes it. That's too much work to try to figure out the demographic. That's too much like a business.;Jason Aldean;business
Barack Obama's life was so much simpler in 2009. Back then, he had refined the cold act of blaming others for the bad economy into an art form. Deficits? Blame Bush's tax cuts. Spending? Blame the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. No business investment? Blame Wall Street.;John Sununu;business
In the music business, especially the country music business, every 10 years or so you're going to have this changing of the guard, this wave of new artists that comes in.;Jason Aldean;business
I've got a wife, four kids, a business, and a baseball career.;Curt Schilling;business
A firm, for instance, that does business in many countries of the world is driven to spend an enormous amount of time, labour, and money in providing for translation services.;Edward Sapir;business
I've always wanted to be the best in the world as a baseball player, so when I started to think about opening a business, it was with that mindset.;Curt Schilling;business
Love, with very young people, is a heartless business. We drink at that age from thirst, or to get drunk it is only later in life that we occupy ourselves with the individuality of our wine.;Isak Dinesen;business
I'm lucky. The best possible place in the world for training is Addis Ababa, so I am home all the time except when I am racing. I like to be there, near my family, my kids, also the real estate business I run with my wife.;Haile Gebrselassie;business
If you want to stay in the business then you've got to be a bit shrewd, haven't you?;Katie Price;business
I find the business world hard.;Haile Gebrselassie;business
As an actor you have to wait for someone to cast you, so you're relying on the business.;Mia Wasikowska;business
I can't understand why the Democratic parties seem so hostile to economic growth and business.;Jack Kemp;business
Kids are brought into show business because they are cute and see truth and they're very bright. But there's a sense of doing it because you want the adults to be approving of you. You want to make them happy.;Anna Chlumsky;business
Show business is my life. When I was a kid I sold insurance, but nobody laughed.;Don Rickles;business
Go for a business that any idiot can run - because sooner or later, any idiot probably is going to run it.;Peter Lynch;business
If you want to have a good life, you should focus on your family, on your business, on your dog, on your fun, and you'll have a good life.;Adam Carolla;business
All business proceeds on beliefs, or judgements of probabilities, and not on certainties.;Charles W. Eliot;business
I didn't have any success in show business until I was 30 to 31 years of age.;Adam Carolla;business
These women whose antics we smirk at good-naturedly in the pap-traps put themselves out there at least partly on their beauty they are in showbiz, and showing what they've got is part of their business as much as it is for male show-ponies from the Chippendales to George Clooney.;Julie Burchill;business
Politics is the reflex of the business and industrial world.;Emma Goldman;business
Performing doesn't turn me on. It's an egomaniac business, filled with prima donnas - including this one.;Dan Rather;business
We are involved in a life that passes understanding and our highest business is our daily life.;John Cage;business
I've never seen a worse situation than that of young writers in the United States. The publishing business in North America is so commercialized.;Manuel Puig;business
I have several writer friends, but I don't involve them in my work process. I'm more likely to talk about the business of publishing with them.;Jodi Picoult;business
It never made sense to me that someone would achieve any kind of success in show business, only to become a jerk.;Josh Radnor;business
I may be kindly, I am ordinarily gentle, but in my line of business I am obliged to will terribly what I will at all.;Catherine the Great;business
Major labels didn't start showing up really until they smelled money, and that's all they're ever going to be attracted to is money-that's the business they're in- making money.;Ian MacKaye;business
There has to be a measure of faith. That's what this business is all about: trusting in something that may never show up, that you have no concrete proof of.;Wentworth Miller;business
For a Jewish Puritan of the middle class, the novel is serious, the novel is work, the novel is conscientious application why, the novel is practically the retail business all over again.;Howard Nemerov;business
Why do only boys get to chase? Nuh-uh! If anything, I think this whole sitting back and waiting thing can be self-sabotaging. We have to send up flares. We have to let guys know we're open for business.;Ginnifer Goodwin;business
To be honest I live among the English and have always found them to be very honest in their business dealings. They are noble, hard-working and anxious to do the right thing. But joy eludes them, they lack the joy that the Irish have.;Fiona Shaw;business
In terms of having a business, I wanted to let it go beyond what my personal taste is. Basically, I'm in a kilt and a white shirt every day. So, you know, I don't have a lot of scope, and I'm really picky about what I wear.;Marc Jacobs;business
The owners don't win by having a lockout. Shutting down your business is not good for anybody and it's certainly not good for the players, it's certainly not good for the fans. And that's most important to us.;Roger Goodell;business
What if I couldn't handle people's opinions of me? I know that shouldn't dictate a person's degree of peace or happiness in life, but the problem is, I chose a business saturated in judgment.;Chris Evans;business
I got to work with one of my heroes, Johnny Depp, and to see how he goes about business, which was really inspiring for me at this stage in my career.;Orlando Bloom;business
Just because you've made a couple movies, you've done some good movies, you've been nominated for some Academy Awards, whatever, nobody's entitled. It's a business. If they don't see it, I can think they're wrong, but I'm not entitled to a $15 million budget to make a film.;Edward Norton;business
I think that New York is not the cultural centre of America, but the business and administrative centre of American culture.;Saul Bellow;business
Emotions have no place in business, unless you do business with them.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;business
How many deaf people do you know in real life? Unless they live in a cave, or are 14, which seems to be true for most people in this business, what could I possibly tell them that they don't already know?;Marlee Matlin;business
Profit is the most global aspect of a business, and it is cross-functional.;Carlos Ghosn;business
I think naturally, if you're an actor, there's a high level of assertiveness that you need to have to survive this business. There's boldness in being assertive, and there's strength and confidence.;Bryan Cranston;business
The TV business is like the produce section of the market. Today everything is fresh and glistening and firm. And tomorrow, when they find a bruise on you, they toss you out.;Bryan Cranston;business
I've managed to keep a clear head and remain sane in this business because I remain a kid off-camera.;Leonardo DiCaprio;business
Some people work hard in this business and become really popular, really big stars but they never receive an award from within the business. Somehow, when your colleagues and friends believe in you to the point of handing you an award it means so much more.;Sharon Stone;business
But the reason I became, why I wanted to be in the business was because there was Midnight Cowboy.;Jodie Foster;business
Reading is not a duty, and has consequently no business to be made disagreeable.;Aneurin Bevan;business
The career stuff is for business people.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;business
We're in this entertainment business really to give the audience what they want.;Ice Cube;business
I think there are a lot of technocrats in the business who would much rather work with just wheels and gears and machinery. Those things interest them more than humanity and I wish them the best of luck.;Ron Perlman;business
I don't even know what words to use to talk about the music industry anymore. But the business has changed a lot - the methods of releasing music.;Anthony Kiedis;business
Independent film is almost nonexistent right now, because all the distributers that used to love to put out these little art films are all out of business right now, because it costs so much to open a movie.;Ron Perlman;business
I'm quitting the business today. I'm going to open up an appliance store, I've always really been into toasters. I'm giving it all up.;Dane Cook;business
I know from my own experience and from other people in the business that when you come from a place where nobody knew who you were and then there is this sudden shift to where everybody now knows who you are, there's an adjustment that you have to make.;Kristen Wiig;business
I used to be focused on being the dopest rapper in the game, and then once that became what I was, I wanted something different, and I wanted to become the best businessman in the game. I wanted to learn how to master the business like I mastered the rap.;Snoop Dogg;business
A revised schedule is to business what a new season is to an athlete or a new canvas to an artist.;Norman Ralph Augustine;business
The most important decision I've made in business? The choices of people I have around me. When I first started I brought everybody with me, my homies from the neighborhood, criminals. I just said, 'Come on everybody, we made it.' Then I had to realize we didn't make it. I made it.;Snoop Dogg;business
Most small business owners are not particularly sophisticated business people. That's not a criticism they're passionate about cutting hair or cooking food, and that's why they got in the business, not because they have an MBA.;Andrew Mason;business
Luckily, my husband is my business partner as well as my life partner, so I never had to do the heavy lifting alone, literally or figuratively.;Josie Maran;business
You have to stick out the toughness of the business and form relationships with the people in it.;Rocco DiSpirito;business
Come to West Virginia and we'll show you how to live... how to treat people. We're open for business. West Virginia is truly on the move.;Joe Manchin;business
It's far too much to say that effective hoping is the only - or even the biggest - part of what it takes to succeed. If 14% of business productivity can be attributed to hope, that means 86% is dependent on raw talent, fickle business cycles, the quality of the product you're selling, and often pure, dumb luck.;Jeffrey Kluger;business
It is not the business of generals to shoot one another.;Arthur Wellesley;business
Golf isn't just my business, it's my hobby.;Lee Trevino;business
I do love television. But the business is accelerating and people are not getting the chance to fail.;Dick Wolf;business
It's show business. No show, no business.;Dick Wolf;business
If we want to secure the best jobs in the future, we must make America the best place in the world to do business.;Jim DeMint;business
We need comprehensive reform that will make America the best place in the world to invest and do business.;Jim DeMint;business
When you start a business, go for the lowest hanging fruit.;Ice T;business
Well there's nobody who has a more supportive husband than I do, and he has a business that he runs, and it's his own business, so he has work to do, my kids have school to do, I mean, people have - there are other things in life besides politics.;Caroline Kennedy;business
I'm happy to report that 'The New Press' is still in business to this day. But not thanks to me. I was a really bad publishing intern.;Lev Grossman;business
