Religion is interesting because it brings out the best and the worst in humanity. It can be a source of good deeds, whether it's people from different spiritual backgrounds coming together to help other people in need after a crisis. But it's also a cause for war and bloodshed.;Josh Gad;religion
What is normally called religion is what I would tend to call music - participating in music, listening to music, making records and singing.;Will Oldham;religion
To reject even one major tenet of the religion or to violate one major rule of behavior is enough to get one kicked out - or worse.;Robert Shea;religion
Organized religion provides a model of the way all organizations, from the state down to the village garden club, end a price in terms of a member's freedom of thought and action.;Robert Shea;religion
I have a certain pool of subject matter that I like to write about, things that interest me: politics, religion, ecology, and relationships between men and women. And that's usually what I focus on.;Don Henley;religion
And religion causes most of the problems, war, and economics of course, and study your history or you're going to repeat it and if you're burning a Harry Potter book you need some serious counseling, you don't get it, you're missing the whole point.;Michael Berryman;religion
I have my own religion. I'm sort of one-quarter Baptist, one-quarter Catholic, one-quarter Jewish.;Tom T. Hall;religion
Religion is a strange, wonderful thing. More crimes have been committed in the name of righteousness than any other notion.;Tom T. Hall;religion
My theory is if you have a religion, it's a good one. Because some people don't have any at all.;Tom T. Hall;religion
I don't practise any religion but I am deeply interested in the answers that mankind has come up with to explain the human situation.;Simon Callow;religion
Our nation and those of the developed world must offer our own resistance to despot leaders who seek to commit murder on the basis of religion or race.;Tim Bishop;religion
With faith and courage, generations of Armenians have overcome great suffering and proudly preserved their culture, traditions, and religion and have told the story of the genocide to an often indifferent world.;Jerry Costello;religion
People don't talk about religion a lot in Hollywood because it's not an incredibly safe place to do it.;Zachary Levi;religion
That means that every human being - without distinction of sex, age, race, skin color, language, religion, political view, or national or social origin - possesses an inalienable and untouchable dignity.;Hans Kung;religion
What I miss today more than anything else - I don't go to church as much anymore - but that old-time religion, that old singing, that old praying which I love so much. That is the great strength of my being, of my writing.;Ernest Gaines;religion
And what is religion, you might ask. It's a technology of living.;Toni Cade Bambara;religion
Democracy may have arisen in the West as the way of striving for the universal aspiration to dignity and freedom, but it isn't alien to the underlying concepts that infuse religion and moral philosophy everywhere.;Flora Lewis;religion
Religion is the sole technique for the validating of values.;Allen Tate;religion
All human beings have an innate need to hear and tell stories and to have a story to live by. religion, whatever else it has done, has provided one of the main ways of meeting this abiding need.;Harvey Cox;religion
Scientology is not a white religion. It is not just for white people.;Doug E. Fresh;religion
Galileo was no idiot. Only an idiot could believe that science requires martyrdom - that may be necessary in religion, but in time a scientific result will establish itself.;David Hilbert;religion
When obedience to the Divine precepts keeps pace with knowledge, in the mind of any man, that man is a Christian and when the fruits of Christianity are produced, that man is a disciple of our blessed Lord, let his profession of religion be what it may.;Joseph Lancaster;religion
All around me insisted that my doubts proved only my own ignorance and sinfulness that they knew by experience they would soon give place to true knowledge, and an advance in religion and I felt something like indecision.;Maria Monk;religion
There is no religion without love, and people may talk as much as they like about their religion, but if it does not teach them to be good and kind to man and beast, it is all a sham.;Anna Sewell;religion
It was part of your religion to hate the British.;Rebecca Harding Davis;religion
The restriction of religion to private life therefore does not necessarily threaten the vital interests of the majority religion, if there is one, and it protects minority religions from tyranny of the majority.;Phillip E. Johnson;religion
We believe that God is big enough to give every nationality their own religion, as he's given them their own taste in food, in plants, in furniture, and housing. I think that each religion has their basic Christ-ish way to get to the Everlasting God.;Duane Chapman;religion
I'm a writer of faith who worries about the intolerance of religion. I look at the past and fear we haven't learned from it. I believe that humanity is capable of evil as well as great acts of courage and goodness. I have hope. Deep down, I believe in the human spirit, although sometimes that belief is shaken.;Julianna Baggott;religion
The fundamentalists are increasing. People, afraid to oppose those fundamentalists, shut their mouths. It is really very difficult to make people move against a sensitive issue like religion, which is the source of fundamentalism.;Taslima Nasrin;religion
Christianity is usually called a religion. As a religion it has had a wider geographic spread and is more deeply rooted among more peoples than any other religion in the history of mankind.;Kenneth Scott Latourette;religion
Christianity emerged from the religion of Israel. Or rather, it has as its background a persistent strain in that religion. To that strain Christians have looked back, and rightly, as the preparation in history for their faith.;Kenneth Scott Latourette;religion
Scientific prayer makes God a celestial lab rat, leading to bad science and worse religion.;Michael Shermer;religion
We need a new religion.;Lauren Hutton;religion
Religion is organized to satisfy and guide the soul - politics does the same thing for the body.;Joyce Cary;religion
I was just then going through a healthy reaction from the orthodoxy of my youth religion had become for me not so much a possession as an obsession, which I was trying to throw off, and this iconoclastic tale of an imaginary tribe was the result.;Laurence Housman;religion
It is the sincerest thing I have written, caught by the drama of a soul struggling in the contrary toils of love and religion - death brought them into harmony.;Laurence Housman;religion
In the relationship between man and religion, the state is firmly committed to a position of neutrality.;Tom C. Clark;religion
Politics in America is the binding secular religion.;Theodore White;religion
I have quite a few different Bibles. Having rejected my parents' religion, I still think the King James Bible is the most important work of literature in English. None of us can help being influenced by it.;Ken Follet;religion
Buddhism has become a socially recognized religious philosophy for Americans, whereas it used to be considered an exotic religion.;Thurston Moore;religion
The songs keep on writing themselves, and I really love them. It's as close as I get to a religion.;Kristin Hersh;religion
We have no problems with Jews and highly respect Judaism as a holy religion.;Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani;religion
There is a great interest in comparative religion and a desire to understand faiths other than our own and even to experiment with exotic cults.;Emily Greene Balch;religion
It's very difficult to talk about religion in Iran because religion has gotten so mixed up with politics.;Asghar Farhadi;religion
Religious suffering is at once the expression of real suffering and a protest against real suffering. Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the sentiment of the heartless world, as it is the soul of soulless condition. It is the opium of the people.;John Desmond Bernal;religion
In my book I specifically discussed the structural nature of injustice and offered Nine Touchstones of Goddess ethics as an alternative to the Ten Commandments of Biblical religion.;Carol P. Christ;religion
Because religion has such a compelling hold on the deep psyches of so many people, feminists cannot afford to leave it in the hands of the fathers.;Carol P. Christ;religion
In all the antique religions, mythology takes the place of dogma that is, the sacred lore of priests and people... and these stories afford the only explanation that is offered of the precepts of religion and the prescribed rules of ritual.;William Robertson Smith;religion
But, strictly speaking, this mythology was no essential part of ancient religion, for it had no sacred sanction and no binding force on the worshippers.;William Robertson Smith;religion
Even the highest forms of sacrificial worship present much that is repulsive to modern ideas, and in particular it requires an effort to reconcile our imagination to the bloody ritual which is prominent in almost every religion which has a strong sense of sin.;William Robertson Smith;religion
In better times the religion of the tribe or state has nothing in common with the private and foreign superstitions or magical rites that savage terror may dictate to the individual.;William Robertson Smith;religion
Plenty of people are raised Catholic and then aren't Catholic anymore, like any religion.;Danny Masterson;religion
Religion did not exist for the saving of souls but for the preservation and welfare of society, and in all that was necessary to this end every man had to take his part, or break with the domestic and political community to which he belonged.;William Robertson Smith;religion
The dissolution of the nation destroys the national religion, and dethrones the national deity.;William Robertson Smith;religion
I don't think you need religion.;Terry Jones;religion
Thus a man was born into a fixed relation to certain gods as surely as he was born into a relation to his fellow-men and his religion... was simply one side of the general scheme of conduct prescribed for him by his position as a member of society.;William Robertson Smith;religion
We are so accustomed to think of religion as a thing between individual men and God that we can hardly enter into the idea of a religion in which a whole nation in its national organisation appears as the religious unit.;William Robertson Smith;religion
The stability and peace which seemed to be so firmly established by the brilliant monarchy of Francis I vanished with the terrible outbreak of the Wars of Religion.;Lytton Strachey;religion
The question of religion was a matter for each individual's conscience, and in a great many cases was the outcome of birth or residence in a certain geographical area.;James Larkin;religion
The Constitution provides for freedom of religion, not freedom from religion.;Lamar S. Smith;religion
It's also reflective of a young person's religion or faith in that it's highly charged with sacramental imagery and with country imagery, because I was in the seminary for so many years in the country.;Daniel Berrigan;religion
But it is the province of religion, of philosophy, of pure poetry only, to go beyond life, beyond time, into eternity.;Alfred de Vigny;religion
It doesn't make any difference what religion you are, or how young you are or how old you are-if they go to these abortion mills and stand there and pray-that would make a lot of difference.;Norma McCorvey;religion
In both religion and science, some people are dishonest, exploitative, incompetent and exhibit other human failings.;Rupert Sheldrake;religion
I am a person whose father had no religion but who went to the nuns for a couple of years. And I think I'm the same: On one hand, I pray on the other hand, I don't believe. I am constantly between the two.;Anjelica Huston;religion
Bad religion is arrogant, self-righteous, dogmatic and intolerant. And so is bad science. But unlike religious fundamentalists, scientific fundamentalists do not realize that their opinions are based on faith. They think they know the truth.;Rupert Sheldrake;religion
So I remember both medicine, because I frequently sick, particularly with asthma for which there was no proper treatment then, and in religion I had a strong sense of there being a patriarchy.;Thomas Keneally;religion
I've long been really intrigued with what is the... proper role of faith and religion in public life.;Gene Robinson;religion
The little religion that I have clung to-that what matters most is the continuity of life, and its improvement from one generation to another.;David O. Selznick;religion
I think people often come to the synagogue, mosque, the church looking for God, and what we give them is religion.;Gene Robinson;religion
I believe that what we are fighting here is not just a small group of people who have hijacked a religion, but it is a civilization bent on destroying ours.;Tom Tancredo;religion
I'm not embarrassed about the novels I wrote when I was younger, but I couldn't write them today because of my religion.;Louise Mensch;religion
When theology erodes and organization crumbles, when the institutional framework of religion begins to break up, the search for a direct experience which people can feel to be religious facilitates the rise of cults.;Daniel Bell;religion
I'm fascinated with all kinds of religion, but I'm not committed to any specific one.;Sheryl Lee;religion
I could almost say it is my religion. I guess that sounds pretentious, but I want to live and breathe cinema.;Giovanni Ribisi;religion
The government must pursue a course of complete neutrality toward religion.;John Paul Stevens;religion
Neither the wording of the amendment itself nor common practice challenged the widely held belief that government guaranteed freedom of religion, not freedom from religion.;Linda Chavez;religion
I wanted to show how a man of sensitive and noble character, born for religion, comes to throw off the orthodoxies of his day and moment, and to go out into the wilderness where all is experiment, and spiritual life begins again.;Mary Augusta Ward;religion
What use is revelation or religion if it doesnt change anything?;Abu Bakar Bashir;religion
I just think Texas and that whole Bible Belt section is so, like, corporate. And I don't agree with organized religion in that respect.;Hunter Parrish;religion
Science may eventually explain the world of How. The ultimate world of Why may remain for contemplation, philosophy, religion.;Liberty Hyde Bailey;religion
Nations are equal in respect to each other, and entitled to claim equal consideration for their rights, whatever may be their relative dimensions or strength or however greatly they may differ in government, religion or manners.;James Kent;religion
The search for religion is the starting point of thought.;Xu Zhimo;religion
I read Christopher McDougall's book 'Born to Run.' If running were a religion, this would be its bible. I actually scribbled my favorite passages on my arm to read during the race.;Jennifer Carpenter;religion
Well, the first time I ran into the term religion, people were asking whether you had any. You know, some people had religion and some people didn't have religion.;Bernice Johnson Reagon;religion
Modern societies march towards morality in proportion as they leave religion behind.;Paul Bert;religion
And I used to think that proof that I had religion was whether I knew how to sing all of the songs.;Bernice Johnson Reagon;religion
The engine of ancient society was religion but the engine of contemporary society, as I see it, is advertising.;Kit Williams;religion
For if the honour paid to Him is shared by others, He altogether ceases to be worshipped, since His religion requires us to believe that He is the one and only God.;Lactantius;religion
So obviously, any religion embodies some form of rules and expectations for behavior, and even sometimes consequences, and they don't want to hear any of that.;Pat Boone;religion
They become the keepers of the mystery. They place themselves between the communicants of the religion, and the immediate experience. And then they dictate the terms on which you can have contact with this wonderful mystery. We don't dictate those terms.;Larry Harvey;religion
I have a strong belief in God... I find religion to be a very personal thing... I am also very spiritual.;Sela Ward;religion
I've been a little bit obsessed with religion, without being a religious person, for about a decade.;Tom Perrotta;religion
The advent of a new religion, making serious and impressive claims to embody a new revelation from on high, is not a frequent occurrence.;Robert Rainy;religion
I think I'm fascinated by the power of religion in our culture. Like a lot of secular, liberal people, I ignored it for a long time. Lately, of course, just from a political perspective, it's impossible to ignore.;Tom Perrotta;religion
When men take pleasure in feeling their minds elevated with strong drink, and so indulge their appetite as to disorder their understandings, neglect their duty as members of a family or civil society, and cast off all regard to religion, their case is much to be pitied.;John Woolman;religion
Religion is the idol of the mob it adores everything it does not understand.;Frederick II;religion
Contradictory to my religion, I think, is journalism.;Sydney Schanberg;religion
I appreciate the 'Surreal Life.' I had a really positive experience on that show, and with those people. I found some love in my heart for religion again, and had the support of a new family of friends. I wouldn't have had the pleasure of meeting those people, if we were not all placed in that fishbowl.;Vince Neil;religion
