Why do musicians give so much time to charitable causes? The most humanitarian cause that we can give our time to is the creation and performance of music itself.;Billy Joel;music
I can't satisfy myself with just trying to tie all of my imagination into music, especially when music is not appreciated as an art form as much as it used to be.;Marilyn Manson;music
Art gives me the freedom I don't have when I make music.;Marilyn Manson;music
I decided to make music again at a time when I couldn't have had more obstacles.;Marilyn Manson;music
What I know is my music gets blamed for school shootings.;Marilyn Manson;music
I hope that what you take away from my album is not just the music - which I did want to be fun, and I did want it to be about individuality, but please also take away from it that there's no dream that's too big.;Lady Gaga;music
Metal is still the biggest music now in America.;Sebastian Bach;music
The only things Mick and I disagree about is the band, the music and what we do.;Keith Richards;music
I felt I really wanted to back off from music completely and just work within the visual arts in some way. I started painting quite passionately at that time.;David Bowie;music
There's a continuity between what I care about in any form: I care about it in my music, in article-writing, in how I dress, in how I live, in my relationships, in how I navigate paparazzi, how I decorate my home. There's such a continuity between everything that I don't really care what form it shows up in.;Alanis Morissette;music
Music, when soft voices die Vibrates in the memory.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;music
My loathings are simple: stupidity, oppression, crime, cruelty, soft music.;Vladimir Nabokov;music
You can't give up something you really believe in for financial reasons. If you die by the roadside - so be it. But at least you know you've tried. Ten minutes in the music scene was the equal of one hundred years outside of it.;Robert Plant;music
Hip-Hop isn't just music, it is also a spiritual movement of the blacks! You can't just call Hip-Hop a trend!;Lauryn Hill;music
Human speech is like a cracked kettle on which we tap crude rhythms for bears to dance to, while we long to make music that will melt the stars.;Gustave Flaubert;music
Extraordinary how potent cheap music is.;Noel Coward;music
Music is a lady that I still love because she gives me the air that I breathe. We need all sorts of nourishment. And music satisfies and nourishes the hunger within ourselves for connection and harmony.;Cat Stevens;music
Leaders must encourage their organizations to dance to forms of music yet to be heard.;Warren G. Bennis;music
When she had passed, it seemed like the ceasing of exquisite music.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;music
Music can name the unnameable and communicate the unknowable.;Leonard Bernstein;music
I guess you could say I devoted myself so strongly to my music that for awhile I forgot about my family. But I only get one set of parents, and I think I forgot about that for a little while.;Lady Gaga;music
I think what made it difficult for people to get, and still makes it difficult for people to get, is the theatrical nature of the work and the fact that, my music doesn't exist without the performance-art element.;Lady Gaga;music
Film as dream, film as music. No art passes our conscience in the way film does, and goes directly to our feelings, deep down into the dark rooms of our souls.;Ingmar Bergman;music
My dad, bless him, was a musician. And his dad had thought that his music was rubbish.;Paul McCartney;music
All music is folk music. I ain't never heard a horse sing a song.;Louis Armstrong;music
There is two kinds of music, the good, and the bad. I play the good kind.;Louis Armstrong;music
People haven't always been there for me, but music always has.;Taylor Swift;music
I think older people can appreciate my music because I really show my heart when I sing, and it's not corny. I think I can grow as an artist, and my fans will grow with me.;Justin Bieber;music
At the age when Bengali youth almost inevitably writes poetry, I was listening to European classical music.;Satyajit Ray;music
The dance can reveal everything mysterious that is hidden in music, and it has the additional merit of being human and palpable. Dancing is poetry with arms and legs.;Charles Baudelaire;music
Music was important. Football was the easy part.;Zinedine Zidane;music
I like pop music. I consider rock 'n' roll to be a branch of pop music.;Tom Stoppard;music
When I listen to music these days, and I hear Pro Tools and drums that sound like a machine - it kinda sucks the life out of music.;Dave Grohl;music
If you don't die of thirst, there are blessings in the desert. You can be pulled into limitlessness, which we all yearn for, or you can do the beauty of minutiae, the scrimshaw of tiny and precise. The sky is your ocean, and the crystal silence will uplift you like great gospel music, or Neil Young.;Anne Lamott;music
It was Elvis who really got me hooked on beat music. When I heard 'Heartbreak Hotel' I thought, this is it.;Paul McCartney;music
Music itself is going to become like running water or electricity. So it's like, just take advantage of these last few years because none of this is ever going to happen again. You'd better be prepared for doing a lot of touring because that's really the only unique situation that's going to be left.;David Bowie;music
If the king loves music, there is little wrong in the land.;Mencius;music
There is pleasure in the pathless woods, there is rapture in the lonely shore, there is society where none intrudes, by the deep sea, and music in its roar I love not Man the less, but Nature more.;George Byron;music
Music is your own experience, your own thoughts, your wisdom. If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn. They teach you there's a boundary line to music. But, man, there's no boundary line to art.;Charlie Parker;music
I mean, just because you're a musician doesn't mean all your ideas are about music. So every once in a while I get an idea about plumbing, I get an idea about city government, and they come the way they come.;Jerry Garcia;music
If I hadn't of had music in my life, it's quite possible I'd be dead and I'd much rather be alive.;James Hetfield;music
There is geometry in the humming of the strings, there is music in the spacing of the spheres.;Pythagoras;music
Have you listened to the radio lately? Have you heard the canned, frozen and processed product being dished up to the world as American popular music today?;Billy Joel;music
Music is the refuge of souls ulcerated by happiness.;Emile M. Cioran;music
I think the most important thing about music is the sense of escape.;Thom Yorke;music
Where I come from it was really unheard of to be at a party and someone says, 'What kind of music do you make?', and you say, 'Pop music.' You may as well have 'I'm not cool' stamped on your forehead.;Lady Gaga;music
I dropped out of NYU, moved out of my parent's house, got my own place, and survived on my own. I made music and worked my way from the bottom up.;Lady Gaga;music
I decided to pursue music, so I dropped out of school and I told my parents I didn't want any money from them. I got three jobs and I just hit the ground running.;Lady Gaga;music
Actors are agents of change. A film, a piece of theater, a piece of music, or a book can make a difference. It can change the world.;Alan Rickman;music
I wanted to prove the sustaining power of music.;David Bowie;music
I don't profess to have music as my big wheel and there are a number of other things as important to me apart from music. Theatre and mime, for instance.;David Bowie;music
The absolute transformation of everything that we ever thought about music will take place within 10 years, and nothing is going to be able to stop it. I see absolutely no point in pretending that it's not going to happen. I'm fully confident that copyright, for instance, will no longer exist in 10 years.;David Bowie;music
I'm well past the age where I'm acceptable. You get to a certain age and you are forbidden access. You're not going to get the kind of coverage that you would like in music magazines, you're not going to get played on radio and you're not going to get played on television. I have to survive on word of mouth.;David Bowie;music
Agressive music can only shock you once. Afterwards its impact declines. It's inevitable.;Brian Eno;music
Music's always been really cathartic. It's the best drug for me to get away from the everyday pressures just for a second via a good song.;Ville Valo;music
I would love to continue in music, with writing... but I am not the kind of person who will hang around if I start to become irrelevant. If that happens, I will bow down gracefully, raise my kids, and have a garden. And I am going to let my hair go gray when I am older. I don't need to be blonde when I'm 60!;Taylor Swift;music
I think I first realized I wanted to be in country music and be an artist when I was 10. And I started dragging my parents to festivals, and fairs, and karaoke contests, and I did that for about a year before I came to Nashville for the first time. I was 11 and I had this demo CD of me singing Dixie Chicks and Leanne Rimes songs.;Taylor Swift;music
The earth has grown old with its burden of care, but at Christmas it always is young, the heart of the jewel burns lustrous and fair, and its soul full of music breaks the air, when the song of angels is sung.;Phillips Brooks;music
I'll give up this sort of touring madness certainly, but music-everything is based on music. No, I'll never stop my music.;George Harrison;music
I saw music as a way to entertain people and take them away from their daily lives and put smiles on their faces, as opposed to what I see it being now, which is a way for me to actually communicate, and a way for me to tap into my subconscious.;Alanis Morissette;music
A painter paints his pictures on canvas. But musicians paint their pictures on silence. We provide the music, and you provide the silence.;Leopold Stokowski;music
I love to play music. So why endanger that with something like drugs?;Dave Grohl;music
What annoys the hell out of me is the arrogance of some people. They don't even listen to our music, they decided in advance that they don't like it.;Billie Joe Armstrong;music
Music fathoms the sky.;Charles Baudelaire;music
Christianity helps us face the music even when we don't like the tune.;Phillips Brooks;music
Music begins to atrophy when it departs too far from the dance... poetry begins to atrophy when it gets too far from music.;Ezra Pound;music
Pop music will never be low brow.;Lady Gaga;music
Unless I am both capable of and willing to reopen the wound every time I write a song, if I choose to not look inside myself to write music, I'm really not worth being called an artist at all.;Lady Gaga;music
I write music every day.;Lady Gaga;music
I don't want to make niche-oriented music.;Lady Gaga;music
I was doing these performance art pop music pieces in the city. And they were a bit on the eccentric side I suppose. So people started to call me Gaga after the Queen song 'Radio Gaga.';Lady Gaga;music
I just want to keep writing music.;Lady Gaga;music
I've always been suspicious of TV, I've always found music and video to be an unhappy marriage.;Keith Richards;music
You know, the BBC had not been particularly generous in its deliverance of blues and esoteric kinds of music.;Keith Richards;music
I realized that it's all really one, that John Lennon was correct. We utilize the music to bring down the walls of Berlin, to bring up the force of compassion and forgiveness and kindness between Palestines, Hebrews. Bring down the walls here in San Diego, Tijuana, Cuba.;Carlos Santana;music
When people in stadiums do the Wave, it's the group-mind collective organism spontaneously organizing itself to express an emotion, pass time, and reflect the joy of seeing the rhythms of many as one, a visual rhyming or music in which everyone senses where the motion is going.;Jerry Saltz;music
Music is my shining light, my favorite thing in the world. T get me to stop doing it for one second would be difficult!;Taylor Swift;music
For me, great music doesn't just have to fall into one category or one genre and I love appreciating all kinds of music.;Taylor Swift;music
Music is the soundtrack to the crappy movie that is my life.;Chris Rock;music
Certainly tolerance and acceptance were at the forefront of my music.;Bruce Springsteen;music
Adult life is dealing with an enormous amount of questions that don't have answers. So I let the mystery settle into my music. I don't deny anything, I don't advocate anything, I just live with it.;Bruce Springsteen;music
Well-written words are music.;William Shatner;music
Inspiration for my music just comes from, you know, my life experiences.;Avril Lavigne;music
I am severely distracted these days. It's hard to sit in front of the computer, uploading bad music for hours, when you have a wonderful boyfriend who treats you like a Goddess.;April Winchell;music
I believe music should reflect yourself in some way and not just yourself at the given time. I feel that when you die or when you're going, someone's supposed to listen to that music and know everything about you. And I just try to get that across.;Lil Wayne;music
I doubt I'll be singing forever, because at some point people aren't going to want to hear my music, and I hope that I'll still get the opportunity to write songs.;Adele;music
I get mad. I get sad. I have all those emotions. But I just like to keep them to myself. I don't think my fans need to be bothered with if I'm mad or sad about something. I should just be concerned that they are keeping up with my music or I'm making them happy with my show.;Demi Lovato;music
Anything I do has to be directly related to my music. If it isn't, I don't really see a point to it.;Alanis Morissette;music
Over the last couple of years, I've really worked toward balancing my life out more, having a little bit more time with friends, family and my boyfriend. There was a period of time when they were way down the list. It was all about music and touring and if everything fell by the wayside, so be it.;Alanis Morissette;music
I started playing piano when I was 6. And I knew that wanted to be involved in that form of expression, whether it was through music, or acting, or dancing, or painting, or writing.;Alanis Morissette;music
I'm clearly most well known for my music. Eventually, ultimately, I'll be writing books. I'm still writing articles now. I just consider myself a writer.;Alanis Morissette;music
I've been really enjoying writing articles and writing music and music for movies.;Alanis Morissette;music
My message to anyone who's afraid that they can't write music when they're happy is 'Just trust the passion.' The passion can write a lot of things.;Alanis Morissette;music
What influenced me was Tori Amos, who was unapologetic about expressing anger through music, and Sinead O'Connor. Those two in particular were really moving for me, and very inspiring, before I wrote 'Jagged Little Pill.';Alanis Morissette;music
It's not just the 'Grammys' that I've pulled out of. I also pulled out of the English awards as well. The reason that I wanted to pull out was because I believe very much that the music industry as a whole is mainly concerned with material success.;Alanis Morissette;music
Music will always be a part of my life. I love music and I don't care how many units I sell.;Alanis Morissette;music
I don't like painting flowers in my music. I like painting guts and pain.;Jonathan Davis;music
Music is a great energizer. It's a language everybody knows.;Bill Hicks;music
Music has always been my back door to life. It is important for people to find something that excites them. I like the concept that if you do what excites you, you will be rewarded generously, whatever form reward takes, which is not necessarily money.;Brandon Boyd;music
