Much good art got made while money ruled I like a lot of it, and hardship and poverty aren't virtues. The good news is that, since almost no one will be selling art, artists - especially emerging ones - won't have to think about turning out a consistent style or creating a brand. They'll be able to experiment as much as they want.;Jerry Saltz;money
When money and hype recede from the art world, one thing I won't miss will be what curator Francesco Bonami calls the 'Eventocracy.' All this flashy 'art-fair art' and those highly produced space-eating spectacles and installations wow you for a minute until you move on to the next adrenaline event.;Jerry Saltz;money
'Untitled' is a time machine that can transport you to 1992, an edgy moment when the art world was crumbling, money was scarce, and artists like Tiravanija were in the nascent stages of combining Happenings, performance art, John Cage, Joseph Beuys, and the do-it-yourself ethos of punk. Meanwhile, a new art world was coming into being.;Jerry Saltz;money
Now people look at 'The Scream' or Van Gogh's 'Irises' or a Picasso and see its new content: money. Auction houses inherently equate capital with value.;Jerry Saltz;money
Art is for anyone. It just isn't for everyone. Still, over the past decade, its audience has hugely grown, and that's irked those outside the art world, who get irritated at things like incomprehensibility or money.;Jerry Saltz;money
I love art dealers. In some ways, they're my favorite people in the art world. Really. I love that they put their money where their taste is, create their own aesthetic universes, support artists, employ people, and do all of this while letting us see art for free. Many are visionaries.;Jerry Saltz;money
When museums are built these days, architects, directors, and trustees seem most concerned about social space: places to have parties, eat dinner, wine-and-dine donors. Sure, these are important these days - museums have to bring in money - but they gobble up space and push the art itself far away from the entrance.;Jerry Saltz;money
The people of this country, not special interest big money, should be the source of all political power.;Paul Wellstone;money
Many people are in the dark when it comes to money, and I'm going to turn on the lights.;Suze Orman;money
Take free money. No matter how in debt you are, if your employer offers a matching contribution on a 401(k) or other retirement vehicle, you must sign up and contribute enough to get the maximum company match each year. Think of it as a bonus.;Suze Orman;money
Growing up in a particular neighborhood, growing up in a working-class family, not having much money, all of those things fire you and can give you an edge, can give you an anger.;Gary Oldman;money
I think it would be cool if you were writing a ransom note on your computer, if the paper clip popped up and said, 'Looks like you're writing a ransom note. Need help? You should use more forceful language, you'll get more money.';Demetri Martin;money
My Vegas act is how I make my money.;Rita Rudner;money
No woman marries for money they are all clever enough, before marrying a millionaire, to fall in love with him first.;Cesare Pavese;money
But all the money in the world cannot make you happy either, so there has to be a balance.;Heidi Klum;money
Making a movie requires 20 to 500 people to make and a lot of money and the stakes are a lot higher.;Alanis Morissette;money
Music has always been my back door to life. It is important for people to find something that excites them. I like the concept that if you do what excites you, you will be rewarded generously, whatever form reward takes, which is not necessarily money.;Brandon Boyd;money
I definitely spend the most money on shoes, partly because vintage footwear can be a little funky - in a bad way. I like to keep things pretty simple up top and then go weird with the shoes.;Chloe Sevigny;money
If there is no hell, a good many preachers are obtaining money under false pretenses.;Billy Sunday;money
Money is neither my god nor my devil. It is a form of energy that tends to make us more of who we already are, whether it's greedy or loving.;Dan Millman;money
In a very weak economy, when you say 'cut government spending,' what you mean is you're laying off school teachers and you're de-funding various programs that put money into the economy. This means you have more unemployed people that then draw unemployment benefits and don't pay taxes.;Fareed Zakaria;money
We need to reclaim our American system of limited government, low taxes, reasonable regulations, and sound money, which has blessed us with unprecedented prosperity. And it has done more to help the poor than any other economic system ever designed.;Paul Ryan;money
That's the real secret to job creation - not borrowing and spending more money in Washington.;Paul Ryan;money
We need to stop spending money we don't have.;Paul Ryan;money
What did the taxpayers get out of the Obama stimulus? More debt. That money wasn't just spent and wasted - it was borrowed, spent, and wasted.;Paul Ryan;money
A runner must run with dreams in his heart, not money in his pocket.;Emil Zatopek;money
I'm free of stress and worries now because if I don't like something I'm doing, I just find the fun in it instead of being miserable. Let me have fun with the people I work with, let me have fun making money - when I grew up so poor, ya know?;Jenny McCarthy;money
This is our commitment to users and the people who use our service, is that Facebook's a free service. It's free now. It will always be free. We make money through having advertisements and things like that.;Mark Zuckerberg;money
Is it not odd that the only generous person I ever knew, who had money to be generous with, should be a stockbroker.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;money
A development deal is where they're giving you recording time and money to record, but not promising that they'll put an album out.;Taylor Swift;money
I'm tired of love I'm still more tired of rhyme but money gives me pleasure all the time.;Hilaire Belloc;money
Money is the root of all evil, and yet it is such a useful root that we cannot get on without it any more than we can without potatoes.;Louisa May Alcott;money
Wal-Mart doesn't really care about your faith. Wal-Mart cares if you have money to spend, and it is going to be as generic as possible in exploiting the holiday season for every buck it can make.;Richard Roeper;money
Nowadays love is a matter of chance, matrimony a matter of money and divorce a matter of course.;Helen Rowland;money
Life is a game. Money is how we keep score.;Ted Turner;money
Jon Stewart is exactly the same guy he's always been, only with money. He knows that the moment he really believes he's important, the funny goes away and he becomes Bill O'Reilly, except shorter and Jewish.;Denis Leary;money
And of course I didn't make any money from stand up for years, so I had temp jobs. That was the way I made money.;Demetri Martin;money
They still have some money, and they have needs to supply. They must begin immediately to pool their earnings and organize industries to participate in supplying social and economic demands.;Carter G. Woodson;money
There are two kinds of power you have to fight. The first is the money, and that's just our system. The other is the people close around you, knowing when to accept their criticism, knowing when to say no.;Martin Scorsese;money
Work isn't to make money you work to justify life.;Marc Chagall;money
If we pollute the air, water and soil that keep us alive and well, and destroy the biodiversity that allows natural systems to function, no amount of money will save us.;David Suzuki;money
I pity the French Cinema because it has no money. I pity the American Cinema because it has no ideas.;Jean-Luc Godard;money
If you got the money honey I got the time and when you run out of money honey I run out of time.;Willie Nelson;money
When you hire that first person, then you're a boss. You've got performance reviews. You've got complaints about not making enough money. You've got people who are just going to sell your story to the tabloids.;Scott Adams;money
The only security men can have for their political liberty, consists in keeping their money in their own pockets.;Lysander Spooner;money
It can be liberating to get fired because you realize the world doesn't end. There's other ways to make money, better jobs.;Ron Livingston;money
Money couldn't buy friends, but you got a better class of enemy.;Spike Milligan;money
I don't really care about money. I find money boring and accounting boring, so I'm probably not going to ever make a lot of money.;Juliana Hatfield;money
The music business is motivated by money. Music is motivated by energy and feelings.;Erykah Badu;money
The flood of money that gushes into politics today is a pollution of democracy.;Theodore White;money
Spare no expense to save money on this one.;Samuel Goldwyn;money
Here I am paying big money to you writers and what for? All you do is change the words.;Samuel Goldwyn;money
The key to making money is to stay invested.;Suze Orman;money
A fool and her money are soon courted.;Helen Rowland;money
France is a place where the money falls apart in your hands but you can't tear the toilet paper.;Billy Wilder;money
Great dad. Yeah, he would ask me for money on birthdays and, you know, inappropriate times. And I just wrote him off like, 'You're not a father.' I just learned you cannot emotionally invest in people who are not attainable.;Drew Barrymore;money
Divorce is one of the most financially traumatic things you can go through. Money spent on getting mad or getting even is money wasted.;Richard Wagner;money
And, we have no such thing as a budget anymore. Our manager freaks when we show him the bill. We're lavish to the bone, but all our money goes back into the product.;Freddie Mercury;money
Labor was the first price, the original purchase - money that was paid for all things.;Adam Smith;money
My other family is Fleetwood Mac. I don't need the money, but there's an emotional need for me to go on the road again. There's a love there we're a band of brothers.;Stevie Nicks;money
Countries have lost their culture because what they wanted was money. Money became the running theme in every country and culture was sacrificed.;Yoko Ono;money
My generation will actually be the first generation that is tamer than the one that came before it, and it will probably be poorer less fun and less money.;Shia LaBeouf;money
Money and fame made me believe I was entitled. I was wrong and foolish.;Tiger Woods;money
I felt that I had worked hard my entire life and deserved to enjoy all the temptations around me. I felt I was entitled, and thanks to money and fame, I didn't have to go far to find them.;Tiger Woods;money
One thing that people keep on saying to me is that the wealth and the fame must have made up for missing out on my childhood. But the idea of money - putting a price on your childhood - is ridiculous. You will never get those years back and you can't put a price on them.;Tom Felton;money
I bought a lot of rubbish things that kids buy: skateboards and clothes and typical teenage stuff. And, as soon as I could, I wasted a lot of money on cars - BMW's mostly - for myself and my family.;Tom Felton;money
We are going as fast as we can as soon as we can. We're in a race against time, until we run out of money.;Jack Nicholson;money
The only point in making money is, you can tell some big shot where to go.;Humphrey Bogart;money
I am a liberated woman. And I do believe if a woman does equal work she should be paid equal money. But personally I am feminine and I do like male authority to lean on.;Julie Andrews;money
I never left France for Hollywood nor stashed my money in Switzerland.;Brigitte Bardot;money
As I have said for many years throughout this land, we're borrowing money from China to buy oil from the Persian Gulf to burn it in ways that destroy the future of human civilization. Every bit of that has to change.;Al Gore;money
I had more clothes than I had closets, more cars than garage space, but no money.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;money
Money is such an amazing teacher: What you choose to do with your money shows whether you are truly powerful or powerless.;Suze Orman;money
Having money is rather like being a blond. It is more fun but not vital.;Mary Quant;money
People assume I'm out there having this great life, but money doesn't erase the pain. When you're young you barrel through life, making choices without thinking of repercussions. A few years down the line, you wake up in a certain place and wonder how the hell you got there.;Jennifer Lopez;money
Money is in some respects life's fire: it is a very excellent servant, but a terrible master.;P. T. Barnum;money
It's our money, and we're free to spend it any way we please.;Rose Kennedy;money
I don't know what to do with it. I'm very fortunate to have it, and it gives you room to maneuver. But the main thing about having money is it means you don't have to worry about it. And that for me is a lovely thing. It's not for fast cars and hookers.;Daniel Radcliffe;money
I don't work very much, and I just sit here waiting for a script that I can't refuse - and I'm not talking about money.;Michael Caine;money
I decided I ought to pick a project that would not be controversial, that would not really cost the government a lot of money.;Barbara Bush;money
I had some money, I made the best paintings ever. I was completely reclusive, worked a lot, took a lot of drugs. I was awful to people.;Jean-Michel Basquiat;money
Only the elites despise earning money.;Newt Gingrich;money
If you put all your strength and faith and vigor into a job and try to do the best you can, the money will come.;Lawrence Welk;money
I've got my eye on a few things to spend my money on. I've got my own bank card but I am really good with money. I don't spend too much at all.;Justin Bieber;money
You have to spend a lot to make a lot. It's not like I'm sitting on top of a pile of money.;Katy Perry;money
As kids we didn't complain about being poor we talked about how rich we were going to be and made moves to get the lifestyle we aspired to by any means we could. And as soon as we had a little money, we were eager to show it.;Jay-Z;money
While money doesn't buy love, it puts you in a great bargaining position.;Christopher Marlowe;money
I became alienated from this religious upbringing, and started making music. I wanted to be a big star. All those things I saw in the films and on the media took hold of me, and perhaps I thought this was my god: the goal of making money.;Cat Stevens;money
France is the country where the money falls apart and you can't tear the toilet paper.;Billy Wilder;money
I think there's only one or two films where I've had all the financial support I needed. All the rest, I wish I'd had the money to shoot another ten days.;Martin Scorsese;money
Young film makers should learn how to deal with the money and learn how to deal with the power structure. Because it is like a battle.;Martin Scorsese;money
I don't understand the whole dating thing. I know right off the bat if I'm interested in someone, and I don't want them to waste their money on me and take me out to eat if I know I'm not interested in that person.;Britney Spears;money
My body can't put anyone in jeopardy of not making money anymore - my body is just not on the table that way anymore.;Christina Aguilera;money
There is nothing in socialism that a little age or a little money will not cure.;Will Durant;money
Starting out to make money is the greatest mistake in life. Do what you feel you have a flair for doing, and if you are good enough at it, the money will come.;Greer Garson;money
I know a lot of celebrities who are perfectly happy to put their name to something and then leave it at that because the money is good, but I need to have complete control over how something is going to look if my name is going to be attached to it.;Heidi Klum;money
To this day, I am the least materialistic person I know, because my father didn't raise me to just go out and buy this or that car. The only reason I wanted to make money as an actor was because I'm passionate about food!;Hugh Jackman;money
They're very, uh, you know, I don't come from the suburbs and a jolly, Disney type of lifestyle. I come from something totally different. And they're cool and bare minimum so it's not always a money issue for me.;Shia LaBeouf;money
I turned down twelve films last year... Huge money films, but I had no respect for the writer or the work.;Shia LaBeouf;money
