A humorist is a person who feels bad, but who feels good about it.;Don Herold;good
The Senate is a place filled with goodwill and good intentions, and if the road to hell is paved with them, then it's a pretty good detour.;Hubert H. Humphrey;good
Fishing provides that connection with the whole living world. It gives you the opportunity of being totally immersed, turning back into yourself in a good way. A form of meditation, some form of communion with levels of yourself that are deeper than the ordinary self.;Ted Hughes;good
I've always wanted to improve on the idea of living well, In moderation, wine is good for you - mentally, physically, and spiritually.;Robert Mondavi;good
Beauty is indeed a good gift of God but that the good may not think it a great good, God dispenses it even to the wicked.;Saint Augustine;good
Papa, potatoes, poultry, prunes and prism, are all very good words for the lips.;Charles Dickens;good
A lawyer is never entirely comfortable with a friendly divorce, anymore than a good mortician wants to finish his job and then have the patient sit up on the table.;Jean Kerr;good
We must not discriminate between things. Where things are concerned there are no class distinctions. We must pick out what is good for us where we can find it.;Pablo Picasso;good
Do I think faith will be an important part of being a good president? Yes, I do.;George W. Bush;good
God judged it better to bring good out of evil than to suffer no evil to exist.;Saint Augustine;good
I'm not good at future planning. I don't plan at all. I don't know what I'm doing tomorrow. I don't have a day planner and I don't have a diary. I completely live in the now, not in the past, not in the future.;Heath Ledger;good
I'm leaving the screen because I don't think I am very good in the pictures and I have this beautiful dream that I'm elegant on the stage.;Helen Hayes;good
A good reputation is more valuable than money.;Publilius Syrus;good
Being generous or doing things for others actually makes me feel good so I don't do it because I hope karma will come round and get me and I'll benefit from it.;David Schwimmer;good
Toleration is good for all, or it is good for none.;Edmund Burke;good
Hearing voices no one else can hear isn't a good sign, even in the wizarding world.;J. K. Rowling;good
The best portion of a good man's life is his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love.;William Wordsworth;good
We give a lot of others significance in our lives even when they don't deserve it. It doesn't matter if they're family or if you've known them forever. If they're not good for you, they've got to go.;Gabrielle Union;good
Let me give you a definition of ethics: It is good to maintain and further life it is bad to damage and destroy life.;Albert Schweitzer;good
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;good
If you don't have a spiritual practice in place when times are good, you can't expect to suddenly develop one during a moment of crisis.;Doug Coupland;good
Any man may be in good spirits and good temper when he's well dressed. There ain't much credit in that.;Charles Dickens;good
On a day when you're tired, it's important to just say good morning to everyone so they're kind of aware that it's gonna be a good day. Jamie Lee Curtis told me that.;Lindsay Lohan;good
Every test, every trial, every heartache that's been significant, I can turn it over and see how God has turned it into good no matter what.;Charles Stanley;good
I have only one yardstick by which I test every major problem - and that yardstick is: Is it good for America?;Dwight D. Eisenhower;good
Thanksgiving, man. Not a good day to be my pants.;Kevin James;good
There are things they tell us that sound good to hear, but when they have accomplished their purpose they will go home and will not try to fulfill our agreements with them.;Sitting Bull;good
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment.;Rita Mae Brown;good
Glamour is about feeling good in your own skin.;Zoe Saldana;good
Since you cannot do good to all, you are to pay special attention to those who, by the accidents of time, or place, or circumstances, are brought into closer connection with you.;Augustine of Hippo;good
Every good painter paints what he is.;Jackson Pollock;good
A man is in general better pleased when he has a good dinner upon his table, than when his wife talks Greek.;Samuel Johnson;good
A good basic selling idea, involvement and relevancy, of course, are as important as ever, but in the advertising din of today, unless you make yourself noticed and believed, you ain't got nothin'.;Leo Burnett;good
One has to grow up with good talk in order to form the habit of it.;Helen Hayes;good
Being a good teammate is when you try to sprint down a ball that everyone thinks is going out of bounds. But you go after it anyways and you get it.;Mia Hamm;good
All the good music has already been written by people with wigs and stuff.;Frank Zappa;good
It's good for everyone to understand that they are to love their enemies, simply because your enemies show you things about yourself you need to change. So in actuality enemies are friends in reverse.;Gary Busey;good
I may be as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.;Walt Whitman;good
If the opposition disarms, well and good. If it refuses to disarm, we shall disarm it ourselves.;Joseph Stalin;good
There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning.;Christopher Morley;good
It is the test of a good religion whether you can joke about it.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;good
What you see, but can't see over is as good as infinite.;Thomas Carlyle;good
I did the best I could, and in some arenas, my best was not good enough. I've made some bad choices.;Amy Grant;good
For, if a good speaker, never so eloquent, does not see into the fact, and is not speaking the truth of that - is there a more horrid kind of object in creation?;Thomas Carlyle;good
Good judgement comes from experience. Experience comes from bad judgement.;Jim Horning;good
I believe that love and laughter can only happen when one person takes the time to think about what would cause the other person to feel good.;Yakov Smirnoff;good
Screaming at children over their grades, especially to the point of the child's tears, is child abuse, pure and simple. It's not funny and it's not good parenting. It is a crushing, scarring, disastrous experience for the child. It isn't the least bit funny.;Ben Stein;good
A peaceful man does more good than a learned one.;Pope John XXIII;good
I was walking along and this chair came flying past me, and another, and another, and I thought, man, is this gonna be a good night.;Liam Gallagher;good
Henceforth I ask not good fortune. I myself am good fortune.;Walt Whitman;good
Start living now. Stop saving the good china for that special occasion. Stop withholding your love until that special person materializes. Every day you are alive is a special occasion. Every minute, every breath, is a gift from God.;Mary Manin Morrissey;good
Your manuscript is both good and original but the part that is good is not original, and the part that is original is not good.;Samuel Johnson;good
My mother was a good recreational cook, but what she basically believed about cooking was that if you worked hard and prospered, someone else would do it for you.;Nora Ephron;good
Man is a credulous animal, and must believe something in the absence of good grounds for belief, he will be satisfied with bad ones.;Bertrand Russell;good
Good health and good sense are two of life's greatest blessings.;Publilius Syrus;good
In fact, I thought that Christianity was very a good and a very valuable thing for us. But after a while, I began to feel that the story that I was told about this religion wasn't perhaps completely whole, that something was left out.;Chinua Achebe;good
Sometimes the truth hurts. And sometimes it feels real good.;Henry Rollins;good
I swear by that old expression, 'One monkey don't stop no show!' The reality is, we still have some good men out there, and we should hail those men as the kings they are.;Angie Stone;good
A people and their religion must be judged by social standards based on social ethics. No other standard would have any meaning if religion is held to be necessary good for the well-being of the people.;B. R. Ambedkar;good
Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away.;Sophocles;good
The idea of redemption is always good news, even if it means sacrifice or some difficult times.;Patti Smith;good
It is also true that one can write nothing readable unless one constantly struggles to efface one's own personality. Good prose is like a windowpane.;George Orwell;good
Certainly, it seems true enough that there's a good deal of irony in the world... I mean, if you live in a world full of politicians and advertising, there's obviously a lot of deception.;Kenneth Koch;good
Men are only as good as their technical development allows them to be.;George Orwell;good
No lover, if he be of good faith, and sincere, will deny he would prefer to see his mistress dead than unfaithful.;Marquis de Sade;good
Sometimes I'm so tired, I look down at what I'm wearing, and if it's comfortable enough to sleep in, I don't even make it into my pajamas. I'm looking down, and I'm like, 'T-shirt and stretchy pants? Yup, that's fine. It's pajama-y, good night.';Rebecca Romijn;good
A good day is one where I can not just read a book, but write a review of it. Maybe today I'll be able to do that. I get for some reason somewhat stronger when the sun starts to go down. Dusk is a good time for me. I'm crepuscular.;Christopher Hitchens;good
I enjoy life when things are happening. I don't care if it's good things or bad things. That means you're alive.;Joan Rivers;good
It is good taste, and good taste alone, that possesses the power to sterilize and is always the first handicap to any creative functioning.;Salvador Dali;good
I'm not happy all the time, and I wouldn't want to be because that would make me a shallow person. But I do try to find the good in everybody.;Dolly Parton;good
To be doing good deeds is man's most glorious task.;Sophocles;good
I'd rather do a really good small part than a really bad big part.;Ron White;good
You can't be truly rude until you understand good manners.;Rita Mae Brown;good
Edible - good to eat and wholesome to digest, as a worm to a toad, a toad to a snake, a snake to a pig, a pig to a man, and a man to a worm.;Ambrose Bierce;good
A good husband makes a good wife.;John Florio;good
When you look good, you feel good. Confidence with what you're wearing is very important. If you feel good, you will always perform your best without worrying about anything.;Maria Sharapova;good
I used to work in a funeral home to feel good about myself, just the fact that I was breathing.;Chuck Palahniuk;good
It takes a lot of imagination to be a good photographer. You need less imagination to be a painter because you can invent things. But in photography everything is so ordinary it takes a lot of looking before you learn to see the extraordinary.;David Bailey;good
Bad taste creates many more millionaires than good taste.;Charles Bukowski;good
The most savage controversies are about matters as to which there is no good evidence either way.;Bertrand Russell;good
It's a good place when all you have is hope and not expectations.;Danny Boyle;good
Because of its tremendous solemnity death is the light in which great passions, both good and bad, become transparent, no longer limited by outward appearences.;Soren Kierkegaard;good
A friend is always good to have, but a lover's kiss is better than angels raining down on me.;Dave Matthews;good
God has been very good to me, for I never dwell upon anything wrong which a person has done, so as to remember it afterwards. If I do remember it, I always see some other virtue in that person.;Saint Teresa of Avila;good
I was in enough to get along with people. I was never socially inarticulate. Not a loner. And that saved my life, saved my sanity. That and the writing. But to this day I distrust anybody who thought school was a good time. Anybody.;Stephen King;good
Any good music must be an innovation.;Les Baxter;good
Now I need to take a piece of wood and make it sound like the railroad track, but I also had to make it beautiful and lovable so that a person playing it would think of it in terms of his mistress, a bartender, his wife, a good psychiatrist - whatever.;Les Paul;good
Death and love are the two wings that bear the good man to heaven.;Michelangelo;good
A good garden may have some weeds.;Thomas Fuller;good
Probably the worst time in a person's life is when they have to kill a family member because they are the devil. But otherwise it's been a pretty good day.;Emo Philips;good
As soon as you concern yourself with the 'good' and 'bad' of your fellows, you create an opening in your heart for maliciousness to enter. Testing, competing with, and criticizing others weaken and defeat you.;Morihei Ueshiba;good
I've gone for each type: the rough guy the nerdy, sweet, lovable guy and the slick guy. I don't really have a type. Men in general are a good thing.;Jennifer Aniston;good
The battleline between good and evil runs through the heart of every man.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;good
Property may be destroyed and money may lose its purchasing power but, character, health, knowledge and good judgement will always be in demand under all conditions.;Roger Babson;good
If you're happy, if you're feeling good, then nothing else matters.;Robin Wright Penn;good
To reach something good it is very useful to have gone astray, and thus acquire experience.;Saint Teresa of Avila;good
Only good girls keep diaries. Bad girls don't have time.;Tallulah Bankhead;good
For most Americans, Friday afternoons are filled with positive anticipation of the weekend. In Washington, it's where government officials dump stories they want to bury. Good news gets dropped on Monday so bureaucrats can talk about it all week.;John Sununu;good
But the real secret to lifelong good health is actually the opposite: Let your body take care of you.;Deepak Chopra;good
