I like to go from mainstream movies to more artsy films. I don't sign on for the money. Maybe I should, but I don't. There's always a good reason for doing something.;Famke Janssen;movies
I love the first two X-Men movies because I thought that Bryan Singer did such a great job. He elevated that whole genre. He's a very talented director.;Famke Janssen;movies
I love music, and after my first experience with movies, I can't wait to do more.;Rihanna;movies
When I started doing movies, every crew member was older than me.;Elizabeth Hurley;movies
When you kill somebody in the movies, it matters, whereas in literature it can be allegorical.;Barbet Schroeder;movies
And anyway, it's only movies. to stop me I think they'll ahve to shoot me in the head.;Ridley Scott;movies
All that running around in my underwear put money in my pockets. I can focus on working in interesting movies without having to worry about supporting myself.;Mark Wahlberg;movies
James Cagney, Steve McQueen, I loved all those guys. I grew up loving the movies but had no desire to be in them.;Mark Wahlberg;movies
I want to try and work in different genres with different types of actors, on small movies and big movies.;Sam Mendes;movies
I've been in enough movies to know that when you're on the set and you start shooting, you're looking at playback and you get a sense of what it's going to be like.;Mark Wahlberg;movies
It's fun to go to the movies and be scared.;Selma Blair;movies
The perceived wisdom is that people do not go in large numbers to black-and-white movies anymore - which is a great shame, but I'd love to make a black-and-white movie one day.;Sam Mendes;movies
Bathroom humor, fart, and poo poo humor in movies gets a laugh. It's a pretty easy audience, and that's been around for ages.;Selma Blair;movies
I don't think of it as a competition - which might surprise you, given the way movies are reported constantly.;Sam Mendes;movies
I wanted to keep exploring... I'm not about to choose a series of movies in which I can use the same bag of tricks and style that I used in the first film.;Sam Mendes;movies
I don't think Hollywood was trying to do anything with me. In fact, they lost interest pretty quick. I think I got lucky, briefly, in the '90s, and it just so happened that those movies were the opportunities that came my way. Then it just kind of stopped.;Janeane Garofalo;movies
The movies that influenced me were movies that told their stories through pictures more than words.;Sam Mendes;movies
Books and movies are different art forms with different rules. And because of that, they never translate exactly.;Tom Clancy;movies
I think movies are a director's medium in the end. Theater is the actor's medium. Theater is fast, and enjoyable, and truly rewarding. I believe in great live performance.;Sam Mendes;movies
The guy that made me wanna make movies... and this is off the wall-is a guy named Michael Pal, the British director.;George A. Romero;movies
You just never know when movies are going to take off or not. The lucky thing about this was that it didn't cost a lot of money, and therefore there wasn't loads of pressure on me.;Sam Mendes;movies
Movies are about escape.;George A. Romero;movies
I've made movies that cost less than one car chase.;Sam Mendes;movies
Ever since 'Lassie' and 'Old Yeller', I won't watch animal movies. Animals in movies always die.;George A. Romero;movies
But I don't think there has ever been anything written on the nature of violent man as deep and as thorough as Shakespeare's Titus. I think it puts all modern movies and modern exploitations of violence to shame.;Julie Taymor;movies
When I was old enough to go to movies alone, I got to see 'Frankenstein' and 'Dracula' on the big screen. I just fell in love with them.;George A. Romero;movies
I did try to get a few of those teen high-school movies, but they just didn't like me. I guess I wasn't a certain type.;Leelee Sobieski;movies
I worked so hard for so long - I did a lot of movies. I also worked a lot when my kids were smaller, before they were in school.;Michelle Pfeiffer;movies
There's always an imbalance with actors and actresses in the industry. And I think because there are just fewer movies overall being made, it's that trickle down effect.;Michelle Pfeiffer;movies
The cardinal sin in sports, what could really wreck it, is not cheating to win, which has gone on forever, but cheating to lose. That threatens a fundamental aspect of sports' appeal, which is their spontaneity. If games are fixed, they're no different from movies they're scripted.;Michael Mandelbaum;movies
When I finally got up to Industrial Light And Magic to work on the 'Star Wars' movies as a model-maker, it felt like dying and going to heaven.;Adam Savage;movies
The other two things are... well, I had a huge appetite for old black and white movies on BBC 2. At the weekends they used to run matinees, and the more romantic the better.;Ewan McGregor;movies
'Dr. Strangelove' was and is one of my favorite movies ever, and I just can't believe they actually blew up the world after that.;Gary Ross;movies
Obviously I love 'The Godfather' movies. I think they're phenomenal.;Gary Ross;movies
Family entertainment is really very necessary in our culture. Look how profitable they are. It's almost not discretionary. You need to take your family to the movies.;Gary Ross;movies
I think movies do play a valuable role in turning people on to the act of reading. I think that phenomenon just creates readers. At first they're going to love 'Harry Potter,' or they may love 'The Hunger Games,' but after that, they're going to love the act of reading and wonder, 'What else can I read?';Gary Ross;movies
I love all the old classic Disney movies. 'Pinocchio.' There are obviously tons of them that anybody growing up on that stuff takes with them their whole lives, and I'm an admirer of a lot of classic animation and fairy tales. I grew up on a book of Grimm's fairy tales that I kind of wore out again and again. That's all stuff that lingers with you.;Gary Ross;movies
I'm always happy when I hear about people selling records or selling books or selling movies. It makes me proud of them.;Ian MacKaye;movies
I would love to do more movies, but the reality is women have many more opportunities on television to play a greater variety of characters.;Julie Bowen;movies
Television is where the best work for women is right now. I would love to do more movies, but the reality is women have many more opportunities on television to play a greater variety of characters.;Julie Bowen;movies
But when you're writing a script - for me anyway - you have to sort of create an enforced innocence. You have to divest yourself of worrying about a lot of stuff like what movies are hot, what movies are not hot, what the budget of this movie might be.;David Cronenberg;movies
Of course for many years directors have had to go on the road with their movies and promote them and I've done that since the beginning. So that's not new but the forms of it are different such as with the internet.;David Cronenberg;movies
Whenever I think about movies, I always look at that art process as having the best of a lot of worlds. Because if you watch a great film, you have a musical element to it, not just on the scoring, but in the way that the shots are edited - that has music and rhythm and time.;Frank Ocean;movies
The more unique your film is and unusual it is and difficult it is, the harder it is to get it financed. That's why a lot of good filmmakers are doing television. They do HBO movies.;David Cronenberg;movies
My favorite movies are movies that I go in and I leave deeply affected. Whether I laugh really hard or whether I cry really hard, I just want to feel really affected in that moment.;Shailene Woodley;movies
My body looks like 30 but my face looks like 50. But I cannot walk bare-chested in the streets. I like to do these movies to challenge myself physically.;Jean Claude Van Damme;movies
I like to think of myself as a fairly educated human being, but I'm a very uneducated actor when it comes to movies, directors, producers, actors for that matter.;Shailene Woodley;movies
Life is short. I'm 47 years old. I've got 10 years to go where I can be the best I can be. I want those 10 years to be precious, not like before, cranking two or three movies a year. I've made a ton of movies in my life, but so what?;Jean Claude Van Damme;movies
A lot of movies aren't intended for everybody.;Tim Heidecker;movies
It's time for me to do things I like so I will be happy, my wife will be happy, my friends will be happy. I just want to do something I'm proud of. It's time for me to change. I could sign with a company for 10 movies and I'm the king of video and so what?;Jean Claude Van Damme;movies
I'll go to see movies, but I also love being at home on my couch and pausing every 10 minutes to pee.;Tim Heidecker;movies
I never wanted to do the same kind of movies over and over anyway, so my theory on it all is I'm just gonna try and dodge the label and keep doing what I am doing.;Matt Damon;movies
I want people to think about movies and how we watch them. Let them know it's okay to question the structure or how we're sometimes duped into a false sense of normalcy. Most of all, I want people to question the old standard practices of, 'This is how the structure of something should work,' or, 'This is how a character must behave.';Tim Heidecker;movies
Success is not something I've wrapped my brain around. If people go to those movies, then yes, that's true, big-time success. If not, it's much ado about nothing.;Matt Damon;movies
On movies, you have a lot of stylists that get things too pretty. Everything gets steamed and ironed. It's just not the way we really behave.;Tim Heidecker;movies
If your movies don't perform, they just stop calling you.;Matt Damon;movies
If you go to Sundance, the experience that I've had there as a viewer is... there's like a hundred movies there, and you've got to figure out what movies are sold out, what can you see. Sometimes you go to see movies that you don't know anything about because it just works into your schedule.;Tim Heidecker;movies
That's the way this business works: if your movies do well at the box office, you will be offered more movies. It doesn't matter if you're a nice guy or you're a prick. If your movies do well, there's a job waiting for you in Hollywood. It's not any more complicated than that.;Matt Damon;movies
Do you know what a blessing it is to make movies that make people happy?;Kate Hudson;movies
At the time I came along, Hollywood's idea of teen movies meant there had to be a lot of nudity, usually involving boys in pursuit of sex, and pretty gross overall. Either that or a horror movie. And the last thing Hollywood wanted in their teen movies was teenagers!;John Hughes;movies
I've directed seven movies and know a thing or two about dealing with unexpected crises.;Penny Marshall;movies
When I'm shooting a movie, I'm always in an invisible theater seat. I respect the fact that people have worked hard all week and want to go to the movies on the weekend and be entertained.;Michael Moore;movies
It didn't matter that Charlie Chaplin may not have been a great director or a great anything else. He made great movies.;Jon Landau;movies
It's hard to incorporate dance into movies I think.;Jamie Bell;movies
I love the old Fred Astaire and Gene Kelly movies they're so beautiful to look at. It's such a shame we don't make them anymore. Although, I don't know how you could make tap dancing current and topical.;Jamie Bell;movies
I'm kind of like the goofy number-seven guy in a lot of movies.;Scott Caan;movies
The reason I started writing movies was because I kept getting parts that I just kind of stepped into. I didn't have to do a lot of work and I ended up getting sort of bored.;Scott Caan;movies
I've always been interested in making movies.;Lance Bass;movies
I turn a lot of stuff down - big, big movies, the kind I wouldn't want to go to the cinema to see.;Matthew Fox;movies
I'm carded for R-rated movies. And I get talked down to a lot. When I try to go rent a car or buy an airplane ticket or other stuff adults do, I get 'Okaaaaaay, honey.' I remember when I was 18, getting crayons in a restaurant.;Kristen Bell;movies
The guys in my band are great-we watch movies, we eat pizza, take walks, read books. Everybody has a really great sense of humor. And my boyfriend comes and visits me on the road.;Lisa Loeb;movies
I began to feel that the drama of the truth that is in the moment and in the past is richer and more interesting than the drama of Hollywood movies. So I began looking at documentary films.;Ken Burns;movies
The only problem is I can't get into PG-13 Land. I just get stuck in R rated movies, which they would love us to make PG-13 movies but I never get there. But I think that you've got to make them different. You've got to switch them up.;Joel Silver;movies
The dubbing of the music and effects is really incredible today. You're feeling gun shots. I mean, it's not the way people say it is, but the gunshot sounds real. And cars sound real. Among the many things in the evolution (of movies) is to make the sound in the movie incredible. That's what you feel.;Joel Silver;movies
The core of the movie business remains intact and it's not descending in scope. Studios want movies that are bigger than ever.;Joel Silver;movies
A lot of movies were influenced by 'Logan's Run,' like 'Minority Report'. A lot of films have those elements in them.;Joel Silver;movies
I'm happy with my place in the firmament here. I like to produce movies and that's where I want to be.;Joel Silver;movies
In movies, there are some things the French do that Americans are increasingly incapable of doing. One is honoring the complexities of youth. It's a quiet, difficult undertaking, requiring subtlety in a filmmaker and perception and patience from us.;Wesley Morris;movies
I'm a filmmaker and I'm proud of the movies I've made. But in the background of my life I was also very involved in the creation of the sport.;Joel Silver;movies
I think it would be fun to write about movies again.;Bill Condon;movies
My movies have always done pretty well in the UK - 'The Matrix' films did very well in this country and I do like the crews here and the people we're working with here.;Joel Silver;movies
There's no question that Whale's movies are classics. They were wonderful, and successful.;Bill Condon;movies
Well, I haven't really been able to shoot in California for a while. Little movies yeah, but the big movies we can't shoot there. It's just a shame that Arnold Schwarzenegger can't deliver on this level.;Joel Silver;movies
Actually, I loved Chucky. It's one of the strangest movies I've ever seen.;Bill Condon;movies
I did five movies in Australia, I did three films in Germany, this is the fourth film I've done here in the UK, I've done a bunch of films in Canada.;Joel Silver;movies
I had a couple of movies that I was passionately involved with that I could never get made. 'Richard Pryor,' I wrote for - gosh - over a year. That was close to getting made for two-and-a-half years after that. We're still pushing it, you know. It is weird. Suddenly you wake up and it's like, 'God, five years have gone by.';Bill Condon;movies
If you look at anybody who's had along career, if you look at the choices they've made - even if the movies haven't worked - they've always worked with great filmmakers.;Bradley Cooper;movies
No, 'F/X 2' was a job. I enjoyed doing it but that was definitely a job. I wrote that, I didn't direct it but 'Candyman' and the earlier horror movies I made, I was completely into horror and suspense and always have been. It's informed everything I've done, even the way scenes are shot in 'Kinsey and 'Gods and Monsters.';Bill Condon;movies
Movies were a struggle for me - they didn't come easy.;Mandy Patinkin;movies
I've never written a movie, I'm not in the movie business. I go out to L.A. and I'm like everyone else wandering around in a daze hoping I see movie stars. I write the novels that the movies are based on, and that feels like enough of a job for me.;Justin Cronin;movies
I find that movies tend to fix the aesthetics of a story in people's minds.;Yann Martel;movies
I really like the half-hour comedy. I really do. I know people that are in movies all the time and they, you know, they don't see their families as much. And that takes its toll over time.;Matt LeBlanc;movies
We have a very wide range of content, but the brand-newest movies, what's happening with those is a $30 pay-per-view option - not from Netflix but from DirecTV and others - of movies that are in the theater.;Reed Hastings;movies
Cinema is visually powerful, it is a complete experience, reaches a different audience. It's something I really like. I like movies.;Yann Martel;movies
Our brand at Netflix is really focused on movies and TV shows.;Reed Hastings;movies
When you see violence in movies in general, it's very quick and painless, which isn't what it's like.;Vincent Cassel;movies
I did direct two short movies. I learned many things, and one of the things I learned was that I am not a director. It has to be visceral, and it's not for me. I feel much more comfortable acting.;Vincent Cassel;movies
I often begin movies with music in my head it's a very important dimension to me. Not just the music itself, but how to use music in film: when and how and subtlety. I don't like to be too sweet in my stories, and I like the abrasive clang, the contrasting of sounds and cultures.;Mira Nair;movies
Cinema is entertainment, and people go to the movies because they want to feel good and forget about everything.;Vincent Cassel;movies
