As much as we all talk about the future and how so many things are merging, there is a simplicity that is crucial.;Ryan Seacrest;future
I deeply believe that if the Australian Labor Party, a party of which I have been a proud member for more than 30 years, is to have the best future for our nation, then it must change fundamentally its culture and to end the power of faceless men. Australia must be governed by the people, not by the factions.;Kevin Rudd;future
There comes a time in the history of nations when their peoples must become fully reconciled to their past if they are to go forward with confidence to embrace their future.;Kevin Rudd;future
Because the time has come, well and truly come, for all peoples of our great country, for all citizens of our great commonwealth, for all Australians - those who are indigenous and those who are not - to come together to reconcile and together build a new future for our nation.;Kevin Rudd;future
But Australia faces additional regional and global challenges also crucial to our nation's future - climate change, questions of energy and food security, the rise of China and the rise of India. And we need a strong system of global and regional relationships and institutions to underpin stability.;Kevin Rudd;future
The Australian Government's decision to take on the dominant funding role for the entire public hospital system is designed to: end the blame game eliminate waste and to shoulder the funding burden of the rapidly rising health costs of the future.;Kevin Rudd;future
On Australia Day 2010, as we enter this second decade of the 21st century, Australians can be optimistic about our future, but we cannot afford to mistake optimism for complacency.;Kevin Rudd;future
To be a member of the Labor Party is to be an optimist - optimistic about the future of Australia, optimistic about the ability of government to make a difference.;Kevin Rudd;future
The future belongs to crowds.;Don DeLillo;future
That's where the future lies, in the youth of today.;Willie Stargell;future
I really hope that we'll have a sustainable future on this planet, I really do. So I probably geek out mostly about learning more about how potentially we can hopefully make that happen, hopefully we're not too far lost.;Ellen Page;future
It is, I claim, nonsense to say that it does not matter which individual man acted as the nucleus for the change. It is precisely this that makes history unpredictable into the future.;Gregory Bateson;future
My duty as a teacher is to train, educate future programmers.;Niklaus Wirth;future
Clearly, some creative thinking is badly needed if humans are to have a future beyond Earth. Returning to the Moon may be worthy and attainable, but it fails to capture the public's imagination. What does get people excited is the prospect of a mission to Mars.;Paul Davies;future
Let us make future generations remember us as proud ancestors just as, today, we remember our forefathers.;Roh Moo-hyun;future
Words matter, especially words defining complicated political arrangements, because they shape perceptions of the events of the past, attitudes toward policies being carried out in the present, and expectations about desirable directions for the future.;Michael Mandelbaum;future
Every President that went to China, I would meet them and have dinner and talk about the past and the future. That was in the '70s.;Jet Li;future
After all, the past is our only real guide to the future, and historical analogies are instruments for distilling and organizing the past and converting it to a map by which we can navigate.;Michael Mandelbaum;future
People always want to pin yesterday's news on you, as opposed to asking you what you're going to do for the future, what you're doing today.;Corey Feldman;future
If the right people do the right things, we can walk, we can have a future. But if people don't put time into it to make it run in a right way, I don't think your team will work.;Tim Hardaway;future
In every man the memory of the struggles and the heroes of the past is alive. But these memories are not incompatible with the desire for peace in the future.;Gustav Stresemann;future
That future depends on the values of self-government, our sense of duty, loyalty, self-confidence and regard for the common good. We are a diverse country, and getting more diverse. And these virtues are what keep this great country together.;Jeff Miller;future
We need to think of the future and the planet we are going to leave to our children and their children.;Kofi Annan;future
Although children are only 24 percent of the population, they're 100 percent of our future and we cannot afford to provide any child with a substandard education.;Ed Markey;future
I have a mantra in my head that there will always be another meal. I can put my fork down, knowing there will be good things in my future!;Gail Simmons;future
I've been watching more American TV because of all the great TV series that have come out in the last five to 10 years. I'm a 'Sopranos' fan, I'm a 'Wire' fan, I'm a 'Mad Men' fan. I'm a 'Deadwood' fan. It makes me optimistic for the future of storytelling on TV that producers are willing to take that kind of jump.;Jo Nesbo;future
Not even the brightest future can make up for the fact that no roads lead back to what came before - to the innocence of childhood or the first time we fell in love.;Jo Nesbo;future
Religion often partakes of the myth of progress that shields us from the terrors of an uncertain future.;Frank Herbert;future
I try not to worry about the future - so I take each day just one anxiety attack at a time.;Tom Wilson;future
The vast possibilities of our great future will become realities only if we make ourselves responsible for that future.;Gifford Pinchot;future
Such decisions will be far reaching and difficult. But you never lacked courage in the past. Your courage is now needed for the future.;Gerry Adams;future
To a father, when a child dies, the future dies to a child when a parent dies, the past dies.;Red Auerbach;future
I can't predict the future.;Andrew Mason;future
By encouraging conservation, increasing investments in clean, renewable sources of energy, and promoting increased domestic production of oil and gas, we can build a more secure future for our country.;Ron Lewis;future
We believe that peace is not just signed papers, but rather a contract between generations for the building of a more promising and less threatening future.;King Hussein I;future
I look more to the future. That's where my head is at.;Flavor Flav;future
To get nostalgic about other people's music, or even about your own, makes a terrible statement about the condition of your life and your prospects for the future.;Neil Peart;future
My mission is a cosmic mission. My concern is for all of humanity, and not only this present world, but the world hereafter. My mission penetrates the past, present, and future, and encompasses all humanity.;Sun Myung Moon;future
I'm already the most fortunate girl in the world, so I have zero expectations for what the future will bring.;Shailene Woodley;future
I'm just saying that at least for the foreseeable future there won't be any more touring.;Glenn Danzig;future
We can choose between the future and the past, between reason and ignorance, between true compassion and mere ideology.;Ron Reagan;future
The world is full of people whose notion of a satisfactory future is, in fact, a return to the idealised past.;Robertson Davies;future
I'm on a search for my future ex-wife.;Richie Sambora;future
What were once only hopes for the future have now come to pass it is almost exactly 13 years since the overwhelming majority of people in Ireland and Northern Ireland voted in favour of the agreement signed on Good Friday 1998, paving the way for Northern Ireland to become the exciting and inspirational place that it is today.;Queen Elizabeth II;future
The secret to being a writer is that you have to write. It's not enough to think about writing or to study literature or plan a future life as an author. You really have to lock yourself away, alone, and get to work.;Augusten Burroughs;future
I don't know where I'm going to be in three years. Because I have the feeling that the future is so full of possibilities, to stop being an actress, to do something else... for me, the future is just a huge bunch of discoveries.;Audrey Tautou;future
Ryan Leaf is doing great now. If he progresses the way he is now, we're going to have a quarterback that's going to be reckoned with in the near future. And that's not political.;Junior Seau;future
The goal of my Foundation is to give young people a chance to better themselves and establish a base for a successful future.;Junior Seau;future
One of the matters that must be addressed is that Rwanda and Uganda have to leave the Democratic Republic of the Congo. We're also supporting processes to ensure that the political dialogue among the Congolese themselves takes place so that the people there can decide their future.;Thabo Mbeki;future
Head Start's ability to improve the educational skills and opportunities of Latino children will be an important component of America's future success.;Joe Baca;future
In the light of our culture, these are not unreasonable questions and tactics, but if once again, we try to see the lens through which we look, we can see that there is far too great an emphasis placed on the future.;Alan Dundes;future
Whether things turn out for the better depends on what we do. We ought not spend our time masterminding the future, but recognize our marching orders: to do the best we can for history and the planet.;Huston Smith;future
The future that I will not live to see is the one my children will live in. That's my immortality. And I shouldn't try to mortgage theirs for my benefit.;Justin Cronin;future
You need imagination in order to imagine a future that doesn't exist.;Azar Nafisi;future
I must analyze, from what I do now, what will be the impact two or three or five years in the future. What is the statement I want to make?;Yuri Milner;future
When I look at President Obama, I see a leader with a cool head, a caring heart and an open mind, a president who has demonstrated through his demeanor and through his deeds that he is uniquely qualified to heal our divisions, rebuild our nation and lead us to a brighter future together.;Charlie Crist;future
Facebook now is mostly about people you know. In the future it could be about people you know less but are more important.;Yuri Milner;future
I got a poster from Columbia Records, and there's Miles Davis, Charlie Mingus, Ellington, Count Basie - everybody in that poster has died, I'm the only one left. And great players like Paul Desmond and Gerry Mulligan, it's hard to believe they're gone because we were all so close. But I believe in the future and the tradition will go on.;Dave Brubeck;future
This enemy of peace in the world today is unlike any we have seen in the past, and our military is learning from, and building on, previous successes while carrying peace and freedom into the future.;Mark Kennedy;future
There's a wealth of literature out there which, hopefully, will be, you know, exploded in the future, and I personally find it very rewarding to be involved with classic storytelling, and sort of legendary characters.;Sean Bean;future
I learn from thinking about the future, what hasn't been done yet. That's kind of my constant obsession.;John Cale;future
When I was 17, I broke up with my future wife.;Kris Allen;future
The action films I will make in the future will be more believable and character-based. I am now on my second cycle of fame, and I want to make films that smell real and are truthful.;Jean Claude Van Damme;future
The computer is your passport, not only to the future but to knowing what's going around you.;Michael Nutter;future
I don't think things through very often - I don't project into the future about how a situation will turn out.;Michelle Williams;future
The TUC's new slogan 'a future that works' sets a profound challenge. Austerity and rapid deficit reduction is failing in its own terms, but even at its best it is short-sighted, muddle-through politics with no vision of a new economic model.;Frances O'Grady;future
I'm not making any bets on the future.;Michelle Williams;future
In the future, my communications with the public and with the markets will be entirely through regular and formal channels.;Ben Bernanke;future
Propaganda must appeal to mankind's better judgment and to the necessary belief in a better future. For this belief, the valley of the shadow of death is but a war station on the road to the blessed summit.;Christian Lous Lange;future
The girl with a future avoids a man with a past.;Evan Esar;future
My thoughts will be taken up with the future or the past, with what is to come or what has been. Of the present there is necessarily no image.;William Godwin;future
I saw rock n' roll future and its name is Bruce Springsteen.;Jon Landau;future
Customers don't know what they want. There's plenty of good psychology research that shows that people are not able to accurately predict how they would behave in the future. So asking them, 'Would you buy my product if it had these three features?' or 'How would you react if we changed our product this way?' is a waste of time. They don't know.;Eric Ries;future
The United States is locked in a new arms race for that most precious resource - the future entrepreneurs upon whom economic growth depends. Substantial research shows that immigrants play a key role in American job creation.;Eric Ries;future
The public made me and then encouraged me for many years, and my future even now depends upon it.;Placido Domingo;future
Whether they run a record company or a grocery store, every boss will tell you you're in big trouble if you're borrowing more than you can ever afford to pay back. Delaying the pain for future generations is suicidal. We've got to start getting the deficit down right now, not next year.;Simon Cowell;future
Baseball's future? Bigger and bigger, better and better! No question about it, it's the greatest game there is!;Ted Williams;future
Mitt Romney has never been resigned to what someone else said was possible. He cut his own path. That's why he believes in his heart that America has a future full of opportunity and hope. And that's why when Mitt Romney looks down the road, he sees a country that's ready for a comeback.;Mitch McConnell;future
The fact that books today are mostly a string of words makes it easier to forget the text. With the impact of the iPad and the future of the book being up for re-imagination, I wonder whether we'll rediscover the importance of making texts richer visually.;Joshua Foer;future
Someday in the distant cyborg future, when our internal and external memories fully merge, we may come to possess infinite knowledge. But that's not the same thing as wisdom.;Joshua Foer;future
I have made a film about jazz that tries to look through jazz to see what it tells us about who we are as a people. I think that jazz is a spectacularly accurate model of democracy and a kind of look into our redemptive future possibilities.;Ken Burns;future
My first film as an actor was 'Fast Times at Ridgemont High,' a glorious experience that spoiled me for future films.;Eric Stoltz;future
I can't change history, I don't want to change history. I can only change the future. I'm working on that.;Boris Becker;future
I can relate to historical characters or imaginary ones. It doesn't matter if a story takes place in the future or in the present, as long as the story is compelling.;Eric Stoltz;future
I have my flaws and my issues, past and present and who knows what will happen in the future. I want people to know I'm vulnerable too and each one of us is.;Tim Gunn;future
Only through acknowledgment of the erasure and void of Jewish life can the history of Berlin and Europe have a human future.;Daniel Libeskind;future
I suppose I'm intrigued with the bad traits of society, because I'm a part of society, and the bad traits pose the dangerous questions for our future.;Jude Law;future
Our choices are going to determine the future for our children, our children's children, and their children. I take that responsibility very seriously.;Maggie Q;future
I'm always interested in looking forward toward the future. Carving out new ways of looking at things.;Herbie Hancock;future
There have been times when I felt suicidal and I would stop my head from going in that direction of negativity because I thought there'd be something I'd miss that was funny in the future. If there's a chance I'm going to laugh tomorrow then want to live to experience that.;Dave Navarro;future
While knowledge may provide useful point of reference, it cannot become a force to guide the future.;Herbie Hancock;future
Without wisdom, the future has no meaning, no valuable purpose.;Herbie Hancock;future
Italy has piled up huge public debt because the successive governments were too close to the life of ordinary citizens, too willing to please the requests of everybody, thereby acting against the interests of future generations.;Mario Monti;future
Italy even in the future will not need aid from the European Financial Stability Fund.;Mario Monti;future
We have a moral responsibility to save wild places like the arctic refuge for future generations, and that is why our country has remained committed to its protection for nearly 50 years.;Lois Capps;future
Having kids is something I want to see in my future - I hope.;Rachel Bilson;future
We kinda look at this as the second or third chapter of our lives. After college, most people figure out what they want to do with their lives. But we already know what we want to do in the future and that is to continue to further our business goals.;Mary-Kate Olsen;future
It all comes down to interest rates. As an investor, all you're doing is putting up a lump-sump payment for a future cash flow.;Ray Dalio;future
Hispanic unemployment is higher than the national average and when the federal government is killing small businesses and killing jobs it is hurting the future of the Hispanic community and we need to carry that message.;Ted Cruz;future
