Of all the tyrannies that affect mankind, tyranny in religion is the worst.;Thomas Paine;religion
Communism has decided against God, against Christ, against the Bible, and against all religion.;Billy Graham;religion
Many of us saw religion as harmless nonsense. Beliefs might lack all supporting evidence but, we thought, if people needed a crutch for consolation, where's the harm? September 11th changed all that.;Richard Dawkins;religion
We have enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another.;Jonathan Swift;religion
At the bottom of education, at the bottom of politics, even at the bottom of religion, there must be for our race economic independence.;Booker T. Washington;religion
In politics, as in religion, it is equally absurd to aim at making proselytes by fire and sword. Heresies in either can rarely be cured by persecution.;Alexander Hamilton;religion
It is possible that mankind is on the threshold of a golden age but, if so, it will be necessary first to slay the dragon that guards the door, and this dragon is religion.;Bertrand Russell;religion
We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion.;T. S. Eliot;religion
Religion. A daughter of Hope and Fear, explaining to Ignorance the nature of the Unknowable.;Ambrose Bierce;religion
Let us put theology out of religion. Theology has always sent the worst to heaven, the best to hell.;Robert Green Ingersoll;religion
We are a nation that is unenlightened because of religion. I do believe that. I think religion stops people from thinking. I think it justified crazies.;Bill Maher;religion
I respect the fact that many denominations have different points of view with respect to gay marriage and they can hold that in the sanctity in the place of their religion and not bless them or solemnize them.;Colin Powell;religion
In other words, a person who is fanatic in matters of religion, and clings to certain ideas about the nature of God and the universe, becomes a person who has no faith at all.;Alan Watts;religion
It is the test of a good religion whether you can joke about it.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;religion
A people and their religion must be judged by social standards based on social ethics. No other standard would have any meaning if religion is held to be necessary good for the well-being of the people.;B. R. Ambedkar;religion
The day is not far off when the economic problem will take the back seat where it belongs, and the arena of the heart and the head will be occupied or reoccupied, by our real problems - the problems of life and of human relations, of creation and behavior and religion.;John Maynard Keynes;religion
Passion is universal humanity. Without it religion, history, romance and art would be useless.;Honore de Balzac;religion
I am an Anglo-Catholic in religion, a classicist in literature and a royalist in politics.;T. S. Eliot;religion
What is a wife and what is a harlot? What is a church and what is a theatre? are they two and not one? Can they exist separate? Are not religion and politics the same thing? Brotherhood is religion. O demonstrations of reason dividing families in cruelty and pride!;William Blake;religion
Mayonnaise: One of the sauces which serve the French in place of a state religion.;Ambrose Bierce;religion
Happiness is a mystery, like religion, and should never be rationalised.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;religion
Men despise religion. They hate it and are afraid it may be true.;Blaise Pascal;religion
And I have no doubt that every new example will succeed, as every past one has done, in showing that religion and Government will both exist in greater purity, the less they are mixed together.;James Madison;religion
I have a great love and respect for religion, great love and respect for atheism. What I hate is agnosticism, people who do not choose.;Orson Welles;religion
The seven deadly sins: Want of money, bad health, bad temper, chastity, family ties, knowing that you know things, and believing in the Christian religion.;Samuel Butler;religion
It is easy to talk on religion, but difficult to practice it.;Ramakrishna;religion
Where knowledge ends, religion begins.;Benjamin Disraeli;religion
Unless we place our religion and our treasure in the same thing, religion will always be sacrificed.;Epictetus;religion
Nothing is so fatal to religion as indifference.;Edmund Burke;religion
Superstition is the religion of feeble minds.;Edmund Burke;religion
It is a masterpiece of the devil to make us believe that children cannot understand religion. Would Christ have made a child the standard of faith if He had known that it was not capable of understanding His words?;Dwight L. Moody;religion
If we must not act save on a certainty, we ought not to act on religion, for it is not certain. But how many things we do on an uncertainty, sea voyages, battles!;Blaise Pascal;religion
Let me say this loud and clear. There is a world of difference between terrorist acts and the Islamic Shari'a. Islam is not only a religion, but a way of life. And at its heart lie the sacred principles of tolerance and dialogue.;King Hussein I;religion
As a religion, bilingualism is the god that failed. It has led to no fairness, produced no unity, and cost Canadian taxpayers untold millions.;Stephen Harper;religion
I like the religion that teaches liberty, equality and fraternity.;B. R. Ambedkar;religion
Prisons are built with stones of Law. Brothels with the bricks of religion.;William Blake;religion
Indians today are governed by two different ideologies. Their political ideal set in the preamble of the Constitution affirms a life of liberty, equality and fraternity. Their social ideal embodied in their religion denies them.;B. R. Ambedkar;religion
The first time I sang in the church choir two hundred people changed their religion.;Fred Allen;religion
All humanity is passion without passion, religion, history, novels, art would be ineffectual.;Honore de Balzac;religion
When Religion and Royalty are swept away, the people will attack the great, and after the great, they will fall upon the rich.;Honore de Balzac;religion
Religion must mainly be a matter of principles only. It cannot be a matter of rules. The moment it degenerates into rules, it ceases to be a religion, as it kills responsibility which is an essence of the true religious act.;B. R. Ambedkar;religion
We have convinced over one billion members of the Islamic faith that we are prejudiced against their religion, that we would deny them freedom of religion, that we want suppress their culture and invade their governments.;Theodore C. Sorensen;religion
I'm sickened by all religions. Religion has divided people. I don't think there's any difference between the pope wearing a large hat and parading around with a smoking purse and an African painting his face white and praying to a rock.;Howard Stern;religion
Every major religion today is a winner in the Darwinian struggle waged among cultures, and none ever flourished by tolerating its rivals.;E. O. Wilson;religion
Forget sex or politics or religion, loneliness is the subject that clears out a room.;Doug Coupland;religion
The greatest thing a human soul ever does in this world... to see clearly is poetry, prophecy and religion all in one.;John Ruskin;religion
You might sooner get lightning out of incense smoke than true action or passion out of your modern English religion.;John Ruskin;religion
To see clearly is poetry, prophecy and religion all in one.;John Ruskin;religion
In the long term we can hope that religion will change the nature of man and reduce conflict. But history is not encouraging in this respect. The bloodiest wars in history have been religious wars.;Richard M. Nixon;religion
Patriotism is a kind of religion it is the egg from which wars are hatched.;Guy de Maupassant;religion
I think flying planes into a building was a faith-based initiative. I think religion is a neurological disorder.;Bill Maher;religion
Next to religion, let your care be to promote justice.;Francis Bacon;religion
Religion and art spring from the same root and are close kin. Economics and art are strangers.;Nathaniel Hawthorne;religion
There's naught, no doubt, so much the spirit calms as rum and true religion.;Lord Byron;religion
Teach a child what is wise, that is morality. Teach him what is wise and beautiful, that is religion!;Thomas Huxley;religion
People in general are equally horrified at hearing the Christian religion doubted, and at seeing it practiced.;Samuel Butler;religion
Religion has done love a great service by making it a sin.;Anatole France;religion
I'm not into organized religion. I'm into believing in a higher source of creation, realizing we're all just part of nature.;Neil Young;religion
Formerly, when religion was strong and science weak, men mistook magic for medicine now, when science is strong and religion weak, men mistake medicine for magic.;Thomas Szasz;religion
No matter the nationality, no matter the religion, no matter the ethnic background, America brings out the best in people.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;religion
The greatest tragedy in mankind's entire history may be the hijacking of morality by religion.;Arthur C. Clarke;religion
I can't understand people calling themselves religious and being hateful. If a preacher is preaching hate, to fear God that's not religion, that's not helping humanity, that's organizing an army to defeat somebody.;Mojo Nixon;religion
It would be intolerant if I advocated the banning of religion, but of course I never have.;Richard Dawkins;religion
The problem with writing about religion is that you run the risk of offending sincerely religious people, and then they come after you with machetes.;Dave Barry;religion
This assumption of Negro leadership in the ghetto, then, must not be confined to matters of religion, education, and social uplift it must deal with such fundamental forces in life as make these things possible.;Carter G. Woodson;religion
The Americans combine the notions of religion and liberty so intimately in their minds, that it is impossible to make them conceive of one without the other.;Alexis de Tocqueville;religion
The humanists' replacement for religion: work really hard and somehow you'll either save yourself or you'll be immortal. Of course, that's a total joke, and our progress is nothing. There may be progress in technology but there's no ethical progress whatsoever.;David Bowie;religion
Religion is not a department of life it is something that enters into the whole of it.;Alan Watts;religion
The God who existed before any religion counts on you to make the oneness of the human family known and celebrated.;Desmond Tutu;religion
I was told to challenge every spiritual teacher, every world leader to utter the one sentence that no religion, no political party, and no nation on the face of the earth will dare utter: 'Ours is not a better way, ours is merely another way.;Neale Donald Walsch;religion
In fact, I thought that Christianity was very a good and a very valuable thing for us. But after a while, I began to feel that the story that I was told about this religion wasn't perhaps completely whole, that something was left out.;Chinua Achebe;religion
But even in the Christian religion, much of its real meaning is hidden by words that are misleading and symbols that but few understand.;Ernest Holmes;religion
I don't call myself a Buddhist. I'm a free spirit. I believe I'm here on earth to admire and enjoy it that's my religion.;Alice Walker;religion
God did not intend religion to be an exercise club.;Naguib Mahfouz;religion
The difference between a saint and a hypocrite is that one lies for his religion, the other by it.;Minna Antrim;religion
To fall in love is to create a religion that has a fallible god.;Jorge Luis Borges;religion
I won't take my religion from any man who never works except with his mouth.;Carl Sandburg;religion
So potent was religion in persuading to evil deeds.;Lucretius;religion
Hey, I'm a Catholic deer hunter, I am happy to be clinging to my guns and my religion.;Paul Ryan;religion
Fascism is a religion. The twentieth century will be known in history as the century of Fascism.;Benito Mussolini;religion
Religion, to me, is a bureaucracy between man and God that I don't need.;Bill Maher;religion
Religion is the state of being grasped by an ultimate concern, a concern which qualifies all other concerns as preliminary and which itself contains the answer to the question of a meaning of our life.;Paul Tillich;religion
Joy in the universe, and keen curiosity about it all - that has been my religion.;John Burroughs;religion
Religious people often prefer to be right rather than compassionate. Often, they don't want to give up their egotism. They want their religion to endorse their ego, their identity.;Karen Armstrong;religion
The main object of religion is not to get a man into heaven, but to get heaven into him.;Thomas Hardy;religion
Well, I think indigenous peoples have ways of living on the Earth that they've had forever. And they've been overrun by organized religion, which has had a lot of money and power.;Alice Walker;religion
We first fought... in the name of religion, then Communism, and now in the name of drugs and terrorism. Our excuses for global domination always change.;Serj Tankian;religion
True character arises from a deeper well than religion.;E. O. Wilson;religion
Science and religion are the two most powerful forces in the world. Having them at odds... is not productive.;E. O. Wilson;religion
I see no way out of the problems that organized religion and tribalism create other than humans just becoming more honest and fully aware of themselves.;E. O. Wilson;religion
The biological evolutionary perception of life and of human qualities is radically different from that of traditional religion, whether it's Southern Baptist or Islam or any religion that believes in a supernatural supervalance over humanity.;E. O. Wilson;religion
All religion seems to need to prove that it's the only truth. And that's where it turns demonic. Because that's when you get religious wars and persecutions and burning heretics at the stake.;John Shelby Spong;religion
Freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and freedom of religion all have a double aspect - freedom of thought and freedom of action.;Frank Murphy;religion
If you want to move people, you look for a point of sensitivity, and in Egypt nothing moves people as much as religion.;Naguib Mahfouz;religion
All too many Muslims fail to grasp Islam, which teaches one to be lenient towards others and to understand their value systems, knowing that these are tolerated by Islam as a religion.;Abdurrahman Wahid;religion
Disturbances in society are never more fearful than when those who are stirring up the trouble can use the pretext of religion to mask their true designs.;Denis Diderot;religion
He, however, who begins with Metaphysics, will not only become confused in matters of religion, but will fall into complete infidelity.;Maimonides;religion
For that again, is what all manner of religion essentially is: childish dependency.;Albert Ellis;religion
Religion flourishes in greater purity, without than with the aid of Government.;James Madison;religion
