I really like where Tony Robbins says that we're all hypnotized to see beauty this one specific way, and it's true.;Gwyneth Paltrow;beauty
Beauty fades! I just turned 29, so I probably don't have that many good years left in me.;Gwyneth Paltrow;beauty
Beauty, to me is about being comfortable in your own skin.;Gwyneth Paltrow;beauty
You can't possibly fathom the ins and outs of a prepubescent beauty treatment until you've felt the strange but exhilarating tingle of a cottage-cheese-and-Pop-Rocks facial.;Sloane Crosley;beauty
As Ralph's character begins to discover the political thriller aspect of the film, he falls deeper in love with his wife, so the two run together. That's the beauty of this film. It has fast pace and excitement, but it also has heart and soul.;Rachel Weisz;beauty
Beauty can come in strange forms.;James Dyson;beauty
And I think of that again as I've written in several of my beauty books, a lot of health comes from the proper eating habits, which are something that - you know, I come from a generation that wasn't - didn't have a lot of food.;Joan Collins;beauty
Well I've written four beauty books as well.;Joan Collins;beauty
Bologna is the best city in Italy for food and has the least number of tourists. With its medieval beauty, it has it all.;Mario Batali;beauty
I think we have become obsessed with beauty and personally I'm really saddened by the way women mutilate their faces today in search of that.;Halle Berry;beauty
Beauty, more than bitterness, makes the heart break.;Sara Teasdale;beauty
I thought to be feminine was to give in to straight culture, or the beauty standard, but in my heart I had a flair for fashion and style. They were passions I kept secret because I didn't understand I could love clothes and hair and makeup and still like girls.;Beth Ditto;beauty
Thanks to capitalism, the importance placed on beauty has never been so manipulated. We are the guinea pigs force-fed ads that tell us how pathetic we are: that we will never be loved, happy or valuable unless we have the body, the face, the hair, even the personality that will apparently be ours, if only we buy their products.;Beth Ditto;beauty
She gave up beauty in her tender youth, gave all her hope and joy and pleasant ways she covered up her eyes lest they should gaze on vanity, and chose the bitter truth.;Christina Rossetti;beauty
I really like to be able to have variety and to try different things - that's the beauty of fashion.;Leighton Meester;beauty
Beauty is first and foremost an emotion.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;beauty
It's the beauty and curse of doing a daily show. Some days you've got nothing to talk about and other days Dick Cheney shoots his lawyer in the face and everyone is happy.;Craig Ferguson;beauty
The beauty that addresses itself to the eyes is only the spell of the moment the eye of the body is not always that of the soul.;George Sand;beauty
The trick of this thing and the beauty of this thing is that it's a cowboy movie first and then stuff happens. Even after stuff happens it doesn't change - it hasn't suddenly changed into another kind of movie. It's still a cowboy movie. And that's what's incredible about it because nobody has done that before, that's new territory.;Harrison Ford;beauty
With guys I revere, like Marcus Garvey or Malcolm X, their look is less about style than purpose and the expression of beauty. It wasn't just about being noticed, you know?;Mos Def;beauty
Who knows better than artists how much ugliness there is on the way to beauty, how many ghastly, mortifying missteps, how many days of granitic blockheadedness and dismaying ineptitude there is on the way to accomplishment, how partial all accomplishment is, how incomplete?;Tony Kushner;beauty
Every man who has shown the world the way to beauty, to true culture, has been a rebel, a 'universal' without patriotism, without home, who has found his people everywhere.;Chaim Potok;beauty
I discovered that the horse is life itself, a metaphor but also an example of life's mystery and unpredictability, of life's generosity and beauty, a worthy object of repeated and ever changing contemplation.;Jane Smiley;beauty
Beauty comes from a life well lived. If you've lived well, your smile lines are in the right places, and your frown lines aren't too bad, what more do you need?;Jennifer Garner;beauty
My mother is a big believer in being responsible for your own happiness. She always talked about finding joy in small moments and insisted that we stop and take in the beauty of an ordinary day. When I stop the car to make my kids really see a sunset, I hear my mother's voice and smile.;Jennifer Garner;beauty
The way in which mathematicians and physicists and historians talk is quite different, and what a physicist means by physical intuition and what a mathematician means by beauty or elegance are things worth thinking about.;Clifford Geertz;beauty
I know it sounds a bit corny, but I do think that beauty and sexiness come from within.;Rachel Stevens;beauty
I love the game, it's the greatest game on earth, that's why I can't understand all of this talk about trying to make the game better. People talk about the high strike zone and changing this and that. Why? To speed up the game? That's the beauty of baseball. There is no time element.;Eric Davis;beauty
Nothing surpasses the beauty and elegance of a bad idea.;Craig Bruce;beauty
Beauty is as relative as light and dark. Thus, there exists no beautiful woman, none at all, because you are never certain that a still far more beautiful woman will not appear and completely shame the supposed beauty of the first.;Paul Klee;beauty
Who among us has never looked up into the heavens on a starlit night, lost in wonder at the vastness of space and the beauty of the stars?;Jeb Bush;beauty
I am an unconventional beauty. I grew up in a high school where if you didn't have a nose job and money and if you weren't thin, you weren't cool, popular, beautiful. I was always told that I wasn't pretty enough to be on television.;Lea Michele;beauty
Our situation today shows that beauty demands for itself at least as much courage and decision as do truth and goodness, and she will not allow herself to be separated and banned from her two sisters without taking them along with herself in an act of mysterious vengeance.;Hans Urs von Balthasar;beauty
For me art and chess are closely related, both are forms in which the self finds beauty and expression.;Vladimir Kramnik;beauty
But I think it is a serious issue to wonder about the other platonic absolutes of say beauty and morality.;Roger Penrose;beauty
I was never an ambitious girl, or even a self-confident one. I never went in for beauty pageants or wore a stitch of make-up until I went to Los Angeles.;Pamela Anderson;beauty
What delights us in visible beauty is the invisible.;Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach;beauty
There is a role and function for beauty in our time.;Tadao Ando;beauty
I like the beauty of Faulkner's poetry. But I don't like his themes, not at all.;Manuel Puig;beauty
You get more churches burned down in the United States in the last two years than in the last hundred, because of the lack of understanding of culture and diversity and the beauty of it.;Edward James Olmos;beauty
You, too, women, cast away all the cowards from your embraces they will give you only cowards for children, and you who are the daughters of the land of beauty must bear children who are noble and brave.;Giuseppe Garibaldi;beauty
All my writing is about the recognition that there is no single reality. But the beauty of it is that you nevertheless go on, walking towards utopia, which may not exist, on a bridge which might end before you reach the other side.;Marguerite Young;beauty
I thought it might be a good move to get into a beauty contest so I tried for Miss Pennsylvania and won. I think that helped me get noticed, at least by the people of Pennsylvania.;Sharon Stone;beauty
The beauty of a strong, lasting commitment is often best understood by men incapable of it.;Murray Kempton;beauty
What I like about cities is that everything is king size, the beauty and the ugliness.;Joseph Brodsky;beauty
Beauty is a precious trace that eternity causes to appear to us and that it takes away from us. A manifestation of eternity, and a sign of death as well.;Eugene Ionesco;beauty
A beautiful bouquet or a long-lasting flowering plant is a traditional gift for women, but I have recommended that both men and women keep fresh flowers in the home for their beauty, fragrance, and the lift they give our spirits.;Andrew Weil;beauty
Avon invented the concept of direct marketing and direct selling beauty. And that's still very valid to us. We'll have a firm that will be around for another 114 years as strongly as it was the first 114.;Andrea Jung;beauty
A representative is free delivery she's a personal beauty consultant. Some people want that high touch.;Andrea Jung;beauty
The game in beauty is changing so much, if your product isn't high tech or can't make a unique performance claim - plump your lips, reduce your lines, look glossy, and stay on for 24 hours - you can't go to market today. I'm not just talking about a $20 lipstick, but a $5 lipstick!;Andrea Jung;beauty
There are two ways to worry words. One is hoping for the greatest possible beauty in what is created. The other is to tell the truth.;June Jordan;beauty
I think the 1970s will always be the decade for me. Obviously, I grew up in that era, but the beauty standard was touchable, kissable.;Tom Ford;beauty
Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door.;George Edward Moore;beauty
Grandeur and beauty are so very opposite, that you often diminish the one as you increase the other. Variety is most akin to the latter, simplicity to the former.;William Shenstone;beauty
Power and beauty come from a very deep place.;Brooke Burke;beauty
Beauty can't amuse you, but brainwork - reading, writing, thinking - can.;Helen Gurley Brown;beauty
Wigs have always been a part of my life and have become a staple accessory in my closet. I can remember being a little girl and hearing all the commotion in my house from my mom, aunts and grandmother when picking out their wigs for the day. It was such a good time for them and part of their everyday beauty routine.;Sherri Shepherd;beauty
I think we should all be tolerant of each other and embrace each others' strengths and differences and uniqueness and beauty.;Martina McBride;beauty
I have girls who are concerned about how they look compared to models or what have you. It's my responsibility to teach them that beauty is more than superficial.;Martina McBride;beauty
The beauty about the D-list is that people who are on it probably don't know they are.;Kathy Griffin;beauty
I find, in being black, a thing of beauty: a joy a strength a secret cup of gladness.;Ossie Davis;beauty
I'm only wanted by directors for the image I give off, and it makes me angry. I always wanted to be an actor and not a beauty pageant winner.;Jude Law;beauty
My idea of beauty is somebody that doesn't have to try too much, someone who is effortless and fresh.;Jessica Ennis;beauty
The English Bible - a book which, if everything else in our language should perish, would alone suffice to show the whole extent of its beauty and power.;Thomas B. Macaulay;beauty
A supermodel needed to be able to be on 'Sports Illustrated,' to be able to walk runways, to be able to do beauty ads, to be on covers. And the girls now can no longer be on covers and be in the ads because your actresses have taken over all the jobs. I don't know what happened, but we want our jobs back.;Kim Alexis;beauty
Familiarity is a magician that is cruel to beauty but kind to ugliness.;Ouida;beauty
There's a beauty in being part of a band, when there's equality and trust.;Scott Weiland;beauty
I learned the truth at seventeen, That love was meant for beauty queens, And high school girls with clear skinned smiles, Who married young and then retired.;Janis Ian;beauty
It's nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you.;Victoria Justice;beauty
A few years ago I lost 30 pounds, and people still wanted to criticize. And honestly, I'm happy with myself if I'm a little heavier. I realized: 'Why am I trying to conform to someone else's idea of beauty?' I think I'm beautiful either way.;Khloe Kardashian;beauty
We have magnificent brains, but we use a great deal of our brilliance to keep ourselves stuck and ignorant, to keep ourselves from not shining. We are so afraid of our beauty and radiance and brilliance because it scared the adults around us when we were children.;Patricia Sun;beauty
If I weren't performing, I'd be a beauty editor or a therapist. I love creativity, but I also love to help others. My mother was a hairstylist, and they listen to everyone's problems - like a beauty therapist!;Beyonce Knowles;beauty
You don't know what the Chinese expect in the way of beauty. The presentation is just a farce. You come into a room filled with 50 people and they don't talk to you. There's very little interaction.;Helmut Jahn;beauty
Los Angeles is like a beauty parlor at the end of the universe.;Emily Mortimer;beauty
A special kind of beauty exists which is born in language, of language, and for language.;Gaston Bachelard;beauty
Beauty must appeal to the senses, must provide us with immediate enjoyment, must impress us or insinuate itself into us without any effort on our part.;Claude Debussy;beauty
The ideal has many names, and beauty is but one of them.;Ninon de L'Enclos;beauty
As an inspiration to the author, I do not think the cat can be over-estimated. He suggests so much grace, power, beauty, motion, mysticism. I do not wonder that many writers love cats I am only surprised that all do not.;Carl Van Vechten;beauty
I'm proud that today, at 43 years old, I've come to value the aging process and focus on inner rather than outer beauty.;Carre Otis;beauty
There's no such thing is aging, but maturing and knowledge. It's beautiful, I call that beauty.;Celine Dion;beauty
Not longer loved or fostered by religion, beauty is lifted from its face as a mask, and its absence exposes features on that face which threaten to become incomprehensible to man.;Hans Urs von Balthasar;beauty
We no longer dare to believe in beauty and we make of it a mere appearance in order the more easily to dispose of it.;Hans Urs von Balthasar;beauty
I believe every chess player senses beauty, when he succeeds in creating situations, which contradict the expectations and the rules, and he succeeds in mastering this situation.;Vladimir Kramnik;beauty
The development of beauty in chess never depends on you alone. No matter how much imagination and creativity you invest, you still do not create beauty. Your opponent must react at the same highest level.;Vladimir Kramnik;beauty
I really wanted there to be something in my life that I enjoy just for the beauty of it.;Robert Caro;beauty
The New York City Ballet is obviously speaking to a whole new generation and bringing it the same wonder and beauty that it brought previous generations.;Robert Caro;beauty
Many a genius has been slow of growth. Oaks that flourish for a thousand years do not spring up into beauty like a reed.;George Henry Lewes;beauty
Every performance is different. That's the beauty of it.;Van Morrison;beauty
My daily beauty regimen is definitely always in the mornings, and at night, always washing my face with a basic cleanser. I also use a moisturizer with SPF to follow up.;Shay Mitchell;beauty
We all have to find beauty within us, as opposed to just our exterior.;Shay Mitchell;beauty
People tend not to use this word beauty because it's not intellectual - but there has to be an overlap between beauty and intellect.;Tadao Ando;beauty
One night I'll be in Los Angeles and it'll be a Latin crowd, and then another night I'll go to Fresno and it'll be an all-black crowd. To me, that's the beauty of the music.;Pitbull;beauty
That's the beauty of being a comedian - it's the one job you're allowed to do that. We're lucky. We're really lucky.;Colin Quinn;beauty
The difference between Marilyn Monroe and the early Pamela Anderson is not that great. What's amazing is that the taste of American men and international tastes in terms of beauty have essentially stayed the same. Styles change, but our view of beauty stays the same.;Hugh Hefner;beauty
I felt Joyce was an influence on my fiction, but in a very general way, as a kind of inspiration and a model for the beauty of language.;Don DeLillo;beauty
The beauty of having a producer is that you have someone who says, You're finished.;Sheryl Crow;beauty
Comics are so full of amazing work. And I can't look at a drawing of a woman without thinking of, for instance, Wallace Wood and his amazing way of capturing beauty.;Frank Miller;beauty
I cannot go to Montreal without going to Beauty's, my favorite place for breakfast, where I have the Mish-Mash omelet with hot dogs, salami, eggs, green peppers, and onions, and the best banana bread in the world. It's legendary!;Gail Simmons;beauty
Beauty set up distance between other people and me. It warped their behavior.;Candice Bergen;beauty
