There are sadistic scientists who hurry to hunt down errors instead of establishing the truth.;Marie Curie;truth
When I grew up, in Taiwan, the Korean War was seen as a good war, where America protected Asia. It was sort of an extension of World War II. And it was, of course, the peak of the Cold War. People in Taiwan were generally proAmerican. The Korean War made Japan. And then the Vietnam War made Taiwan. There is some truth to that.;Ang Lee;truth
A lot of people in the media, and some everyday people, really aren't in search of the truth. They're in search of something worse than that. Money, yeah. I think the media's the kind of a thing where the truth doesn't win, because it's no fun. The truth's no fun.;Jack White;truth
Since obscenity is the truth of our passion today, it is the only stuff of art - or almost the only stuff.;David Herbert Lawrence;truth
All vital truth contains the memory of all that for which it is not true.;David Herbert Lawrence;truth
I pefer an ugly truth to a pretty lie. If someone is telling me the truth that is when I will give my heart.;Shakira;truth
But if you want to know the truth, the weirdest thing that has happened has been my discovery that people who attend the conventions are filled with love.;William Shatner;truth
A dog barks when his master is attacked. I would be a coward if I saw that God's truth is attacked and yet would remain silent.;Pearl S. Buck;truth
Truth is inseperable from the illusory belief that from the figures of the unreal one day, in spite of all, real deliverance will come.;Theodor Adorno;truth
A pencil and rubber are of more use to thought than a battalion of assistants. To happiness the same applies as to truth: one does not have it, but is in it.;Theodor Adorno;truth
The price of being close to the President is delivering bad news. You fail him if you don't tell him the truth. Others won't do it.;Donald Rumsfeld;truth
We all have a social mask, right? We put it on, we go out, put our best foot forward, our best image. But behind that social mask is a personal truth, what we really, really believe about who we are and what we're capable of.;Phil McGraw;truth
The first holy truth in God 101 is that men and women of true faith have always had to accept the mystery of God's identity and love and ways. I hate that, but it's the truth.;Anne Lamott;truth
Popular opinions, on subjects not palpable to sense, are often true, but seldom or never the whole truth.;John Stuart Mill;truth
Truth may be stretched, but cannot be broken, and always gets above falsehood, as does oil above water.;Miguel de Cervantes;truth
The pursuit of truth will set you free even if you never catch up with it.;Clarence Darrow;truth
Man's mind is so formed that it is far more susceptible to falsehood than to truth.;Desiderius Erasmus;truth
I'll continue to try and balance like a circus act. And I will just fight to always tell the truth. Even if it's difficult.;Katy Perry;truth
The truth is balance. However the opposite of truth, which is unbalance, may not be a lie.;Susan Sontag;truth
If any man seeks for greatness, let him forget greatness and ask for truth, and he will find both.;Horace Mann;truth
Scientific truth is marvelous, but moral truth is divine and whoever breathes its air and walks by its light has found the lost paradise.;Horace Mann;truth
Even if I accepted that Jesus - like almost every other prophet on record - was born of a virgin, I cannot think that this proves the divinity of his father or the truth of his teachings. The same would be true if I accepted that he had been resurrected.;Christopher Hitchens;truth
Truth is on the side of the oppressed.;Malcolm X;truth
A rusty nail placed near a faithful compass, will sway it from the truth, and wreck the argosy.;Walter Scott;truth
Sometimes I dread the truth of the lines I say. But the dread must never show.;Vivien Leigh;truth
They whom truth and wisdom lead, can gather honey from a weed.;William Cowper;truth
Truth is a tendency.;R. Buckminster Fuller;truth
Truth uttered before its time is always dangerous.;Mencius;truth
While President Bush likes to project an image of strength and courage, the real truth is that in the presence of his large financial contributors, he is a moral coward.;Al Gore;truth
In seeking truth you have to get both sides of a story.;Walter Cronkite;truth
The universal medicine for the Soul is the Supreme Reason and Absolute Justice for the mind, mathematical and practical Truth for the body, the Quintessence, a combination of light and gold.;Albert Pike;truth
Truth makes on the ocean of nature no one track of light every eye, looking on, finds its own.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;truth
Enthusiasm is the genius of sincerity and truth accomplishes no victories without it.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;truth
Your experiences will be yours alone. But truth and best friendship will rarely if ever disappoint you.;Anne Lamott;truth
The truth has never been of any real value to any human being - it is a symbol for mathematicians and philosophers to pursue. In human relations kindness and lies are worth a thousand truths.;Graham Greene;truth
The truth is, I had always wanted to be a comedian, but I really didn't have that kind of personality, and it's a terrifying thing to say.;Jerry Seinfeld;truth
Everything you add to the truth subtracts from the truth.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;truth
Photography is truth. The cinema is truth twenty-four times per second.;Jean-Luc Godard;truth
You must accept the truth from whatever source it comes.;Maimonides;truth
Most people live in a myth and grow violently angry if anyone dares to tell them the truth about themselves.;Robert Anton Wilson;truth
Fame - a few words upon a tombstone, and the truth of those not to be depended on.;Christian Nestell Bovee;truth
Until we have a better relationship between private performance and the public truth, as was demonstrated with Watergate, we as the public are absolutely right to remain suspicious, contemptuous even, of the secrecy and the misinformation which is the digest of our news.;John le Carre;truth
It is difficult to discriminate the voice of truth from amid the clamor raised by heated partisans.;Friedrich Schiller;truth
The truth is, the secular world isn't too enamored with Jesus. And they're not too enamored with someone who is leading people to Jesus. So if you're out there talking about people's sins, and you're talking about righteousness, you will get pushback. Jesus Himself did. The apostles did. I mean, there's persecution all up and down the line.;Pat Robertson;truth
The truth is that we live out our lives putting off all that can be put off perhaps we all know deep down that we are immortal and that sooner or later all men will do and know all things.;Jorge Luis Borges;truth
Philosophy is a kind of journey, ever learning yet never arriving at the ideal perfection of truth.;Albert Pike;truth
One of the sublimest things in the world is plain truth.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;truth
Logic is the technique by which we add conviction to truth.;Jean de la Bruyere;truth
Perhaps the truth depends on a walk around the lake.;Wallace Stevens;truth
Truth is the silliest thing under the sun. Try to get a living by the Truth and go to the Soup Societies. Heavens! Let any clergyman try to preach the Truth from its very stronghold, the pulpit, and they would ride him out of his church on his own pulpit bannister.;Herman Melville;truth
Truth uncompromisingly told will always have its ragged edges.;Herman Melville;truth
When one is frightened of the truth then it is never the whole truth that one has an inkling of.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;truth
Do the things you know, and you shall learn the truth you need to know.;Louisa May Alcott;truth
Truth comes out in wine.;Pliny the Elder;truth
I can take any truth just don't lie to me.;Barbra Streisand;truth
Not everyone can see the truth, but he can be it.;Franz Kafka;truth
Perhaps the mission of those who love mankind is to make people laugh at the truth, to make truth laugh, because the only truth lies in learning to free ourselves from insane passion for the truth.;Umberto Eco;truth
Humor is always based on a modicum of truth. Have you ever heard a joke about a father-in-law?;Dick Clark;truth
Telling the truth, and confronting the challenge, is what politics is about.;Johann Lamont;truth
The Bible must be considered as the great source of all the truth by which men are to be guided in government as well as in all social transactions.;Noah Webster;truth
Truth is not a matter of fact but a state of harmony with progress and hope. Enveloped only in its wings will we ever soar to the promise of our greater selves.;Bryant H. McGill;truth
To any artist, worthy of the name, all in nature is beautiful, because his eyes, fearlessly accepting all exterior truth, read there, as in an open book, all the inner truth.;Auguste Rodin;truth
I don't want to tell President Obama how to make a speech. He's a much better speech maker than I am. But I think always to tell the truth in a sometimes blatant way, even though it might be temporarily unpopular, is the best approach.;Jimmy Carter;truth
Alas! they had been friends in youth but whispering tongues can poison truth.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;truth
Truth should not be forced it should simply manifest itself, like a woman who has in her privacy reflected and coolly decided to bestow herself upon a certain man.;John Updike;truth
Truth indeed rather alleviates than hurts, and will always bear up against falsehood, as oil does above water.;Miguel de Cervantes;truth
For above all things Love means sweetness, and truth, and measure yea, loyalty to the loved one and to your word. And because of this I dare not meddle with so high a matter.;Marie de France;truth
Truth is in things, and not in words.;Herman Melville;truth
Remember, as long as you live, that nothing but strict truth can carry you through the world, with either your conscience or your honor unwounded.;Lord Chesterfield;truth
The secular elites are so terrified of telling the truth about radical Islam. When you talk about the radical Islamists, we have got to get straight and get serious and talk about it in the right way.;Newt Gingrich;truth
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.;Norman Schwarzkopf;truth
It shows the truth - that the real meaning of a word is only as powerful or harmless as the emotion behind it.;Sarah Silverman;truth
I don't want any yes-men around me. I want everybody to tell me the truth even if it costs them their job.;Samuel Goldwyn;truth
I want everyone to tell me the truth, even if it costs him his job.;Samuel Goldwyn;truth
The first casualty when war comes is truth.;Hiram Johnson;truth
By means of microscopic observation and astronomical projection the lotus flower can become the foundation for an entire theory of the universe and an agent whereby we may perceive Truth.;Yukio Mishima;truth
I believe that the people, instead of pretty lies, should be told the truth, no matter how ugly it may be. What can we do, destiny hasn't been kind to us but, with the help of God, we will prevail.;Alija Izetbegovic;truth
Truth always originates in a minority of one, and every custom begins as a broken precedent.;Will Durant;truth
An error is the more dangerous in proportion to the degree of truth which it contains.;Henri Frederic Amiel;truth
Listen friends, you have to face the truth: You are never going to be rich... The system is rigged in favor of the few, and your name is not among them, not now and not ever.;Michael Moore;truth
Be calm in arguing for fierceness makes error a fault, and truth discourtesy.;George Herbert;truth
If you tell the truth about how you're feeling, it becomes funny.;Larry David;truth
The said truth is that it is the greatest happiness of the greatest number that is the measure of right and wrong.;Jeremy Bentham;truth
The first ingredient in conversation is truth, the next good sense, the third good humor, and the fourth wit.;William Temple;truth
If I can get you to laugh with me, you like me better, which makes you more open to my ideas. And if I can persuade you to laugh at the particular point I make, by laughing at it you acknowledge its truth.;John Cleese;truth
The truth doesn't hurt unless it ought to.;B. C. Forbes;truth
The truth is that our way of celebrating the Christmas season does spring from myriad cultures and sources, from St. Nicholas to Coca-Cola advertising campaigns.;Richard Roeper;truth
Fear prophets and those prepared to die for the truth, for as a rule they make many others die with them, often before them, at times instead of them.;Umberto Eco;truth
The fear of being deceived is the vulgar version of the quest for Truth.;Emile M. Cioran;truth
Our understanding of the world around us is constantly being redefined and expanded, and so therefore, it is wiser to be passionate about seeking for truth than knowing it.;Bryant H. McGill;truth
There is little more powerful than when truth joins action.;Bryant H. McGill;truth
The reason for the sadness of this modern age and the men who live in it is that it looks for the truth in everything and finds it.;Edmond de Goncourt;truth
You can hate me. You can go out there and say anything you want about me, But you will love me later because I told you the truth.;Mary J. Blige;truth
The truth knocks on the door and you say, go away, I'm looking for the truth, and it goes away. Puzzling.;Robert M. Pirsig;truth
Words can be said in bitterness and anger, and often there seems to be an element of truth in the nastiness. And words don't go away, they just echo around.;Jane Goodall;truth
A judgment about life has no meaning except the truth of the one who speaks last, and the mind is at ease only at the moment when everyone is shouting at once and no one can hear a thing.;Georges Bataille;truth
It is unfortunate, considering that enthusiasm moves the world, that so few enthusiasts can be trusted to speak the truth.;Arthur Balfour;truth
Books and all forms of writing are terror to those who wish to suppress the truth.;Wole Soyinka;truth
Our job is to represent the truth of human nature, whether you're playing a tender love story that's set in a coffee shop or whether you're in 'The Avengers,' which is set in a Manhattan which is exploding.;Tom Hiddleston;truth
