Who will tell whether one happy moment of love or the joy of breathing or walking on a bright morning and smelling the fresh air, is not worth all the suffering and effort which life implies.;Erich Fromm;morning
I look upon death to be as necessary to our constitution as sleep. We shall rise refreshed in the morning.;Benjamin Franklin;morning
After all those years as a woman hearing 'not thin enough, not pretty enough, not smart enough, not this enough, not that enough,' almost overnight I woke up one morning and thought, 'I'm enough.';Anna Quindlen;morning
There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child.;Erma Bombeck;morning
A good husband is never the first to go to sleep at night or the last to awake in the morning.;Honore de Balzac;morning
All men are children, and of one family. The same tale sends them all to bed, and wakes them in the morning.;Henry David Thoreau;morning
I've been saying for a couple of years now that people need to let God out of the Sunday morning box, that He doesn't want to just be with you for an hour or two on Sunday morning and then put back in His box to sit there until you have an emergency, but He wants to invade your Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.;Joyce Meyer;morning
It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.;John Steinbeck;morning
The light which puts out our eyes is darkness to us. Only that day dawns to which we are awake. There is more day to dawn. The sun is but a morning star.;Henry David Thoreau;morning
One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got into my pajamas I'll never know.;Groucho Marx;morning
I recently took up ice sculpting. Last night I made an ice cube. This morning I made 12, I was prolific.;Mitch Hedberg;morning
Every morning I jump out of bed and step on a landmine. The landmine is me. After the explosion, I spent the rest of the day putting the pieces together.;Ray Bradbury;morning
I have a great deal of company in the house, especially in the morning when nobody calls.;Henry David Thoreau;morning
In my afternoon walk I would fain forget all my morning occupations and my obligations to society.;Henry David Thoreau;morning
And this President wakes up every morning, looks out across America and is proud to announce, 'It could be worse.' It could be worse? Is that what it means to be an American? It could be worse? Of course not. What defines us as Americans is our unwavering conviction that we know it must be better.;Mitt Romney;morning
Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There's a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning.;Bill Gates;morning
A leaf fluttered in through the window this morning, as if supported by the rays of the sun, a bird settled on the fire escape, joy in the task of coffee, joy accompanied me as I walked.;Anais Nin;morning
I love that feeling of being in love, the effect of having butterflies when you wake up in the morning. That is special.;Jennifer Aniston;morning
The person who doesn't scatter the morning dew will not comb gray hairs.;Hunter S. Thompson;morning
Burning desire to be or do something gives us staying power - a reason to get up every morning or to pick ourselves up and start in again after a disappointment.;Marsha Sinetar;morning
To be intimate with a married man, when my own father cheated on my mother, is not something I could forgive. I could not look at myself in the morning if I did that. I wouldn't be attracted to a man who would cheat on his wife.;Angelina Jolie;morning
I have retired, but if there's anything that would kill me it is to wake up in the morning not knowing what to do.;Nelson Mandela;morning
Mom and Dad were married 64 years. And if you wondered what their secret was, you could have asked the local florist - because every day Dad gave Mom a rose, which he put on her bedside table. That's how she found out what happened on the day my father died - she went looking for him because that morning, there was no rose.;Mitt Romney;morning
I woke up one morning thinking about wolves and realized that wolf packs function as families. Everyone has a role, and if you act within the parameters of your role, the whole pack succeeds, and when that falls apart, so does the pack.;Jodi Picoult;morning
There's pros and cons of a big church. Cons is I don't get to know everybody, I don't get to go to their ballgame, I don't get to marry everybody, but the pros are you get all this community, 800 ushers come in to serve, getting there at 7 in the morning on their day off and coming in on Saturday to make all those wafers.;Joel Osteen;morning
Morning without you is a dwindled dawn.;Emily Dickinson;morning
We sleep, but the loom of life never stops, and the pattern which was weaving when the sun went down is weaving when it comes up in the morning.;Henry Ward Beecher;morning
My mother had morning sickness after I was born.;Rodney Dangerfield;morning
If one morning I walked on top of the water across the Potomac River, the headline that afternoon would read: 'President Can't Swim.';Lyndon B. Johnson;morning
I slept with faith and found a corpse in my arms on awakening I drank and danced all night with doubt and found her a virgin in the morning.;Aleister Crowley;morning
It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous.;Aldous Huxley;morning
I think about baseball when I wake up in the morning. I think about it all day and I dream about it at night. The only time I don't think about it is when I'm playing it.;Carl Yastrzemski;morning
I think it's been hard for people to understand how Islam can be a good religion, and yet the Islamists are evil. Those of us who have had experience with Islam understand this, just as we understand the difference between snake handlers and people going to church on Sunday morning.;P. J. O'Rourke;morning
Nature gives to every time and season some beauties of its own and from morning to night, as from the cradle to the grave, it is but a succession of changes so gentle and easy that we can scarcely mark their progress.;Charles Dickens;morning
The great fun in my life has been getting up every morning and rushing to the typewriter because some new idea has hit me.;Ray Bradbury;morning
When traveling with someone, take large does of patience and tolerance with your morning coffee.;Helen Hayes;morning
Freedom itself was attacked this morning by a faceless coward, and freedom will be defended.;George W. Bush;morning
I would like to find a stew that will give me heartburn immediately, instead of at three o clock in the morning.;John Barrymore;morning
That's the trouble with being me. At this point, nobody gives a damn what my problem is. I could literally have a tumor on the side of my head and they'd be like, 'Yeah, big deal. I'd eat a tumor every morning for the kinda money you're pulling down.';Jim Carrey;morning
In these times you have to be an optimist to open your eyes when you awake in the morning.;Carl Sandburg;morning
Hope is the greatest thing for moms of autism. Hope is what gets us out of bed in the morning. I'm on a mission to tell parents that there is a way.;Jenny McCarthy;morning
I like to use 'I Can't Believe it's Not Butter' on my toast in the morning, because sometimes when I eat breakfast, I like to be incredulous. How was breakfast? Unbelievable.;Demetri Martin;morning
Human life is as evanescent as the morning dew or a flash of lightning.;Samuel Butler;morning
There is no friend like an old friend who has shared our morning days, no greeting like his welcome, no homage like his praise.;Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.;morning
I myself spent nine years in an insane asylum and I never had the obsession of suicide, but I know that each conversation with a psychiatrist, every morning at the time of his visit, made me want to hang myself, realizing that I would not be able to cut his throat.;Antonin Artaud;morning
Man is born in a day, and he dies in a day, and the thing is easily over but to have a sick heart for three-fourths of one's lifetime is simply to have death renewed every morning and life at that price is not worth living.;Gilbert Parker;morning
If you want to be an entrepreneur, it's not a job, it's a lifestyle. It defines you. Forget about vacations, about going home at 6 pm - last thing at night you'll send emails, first thing in the morning you'll read emails, and you'll wake up in the middle of the night. But it's hugely rewarding as you're fulfilling something for yourself.;Niklas Zennstrom;morning
The thing I love most about going on vacation is that I get to leave behind any kind of schedule. My entire life is scheduled from morning to night, and when I'm on vacation, there is no schedule.;Kelly Clarkson;morning
I never married because there was no need. I have three pets at home which answer the same purpose as a husband. I have a dog which growls every morning, a parrot which swears all afternoon, and a cat that comes home late at night.;Marie Corelli;morning
When I woke up Sunday morning at the Open and stepped outside and felt the wind and rain in my face, I knew I had an excellent chance to win if I just took my time and trusted myself.;Tom Kite;morning
On Sunday morning, I'm not nervous... I can't wait to tell what God wants me to say.;Charles Stanley;morning
It seems to me that trying to live without friends is like milking a bear to get cream for your morning coffee. It is a whole lot of trouble, and then not worth much after you get it.;Zora Neale Hurston;morning
The happiest part of a man's life is what he passes lying awake in bed in the morning.;Samuel Johnson;morning
The bed is a bundle of paradoxes: we go to it with reluctance, yet we quit it with regret we make up our minds every night to leave it early, but we make up our bodies every morning to keep it late.;Ogden Nash;morning
I protest that if some great Power would agree to make me always think what is true and do what is right, on condition of being turned into a sort of clock and would up every morning before I got out of bed, I should instantly close with the offer.;Thomas Huxley;morning
It is a matter of shame that in the morning the birds should be awake earlier than you.;Abu Bakr;morning
It is a good morning exercise for a research scientist to discard a pet hypothesis every day before breakfast. It keeps him young.;Konrad Lorenz;morning
There is only one thing that a man really wants to do, all his life and that is, to find his way to his God, his Morning Star, salute his fellow man, and enjoy the woman who has come the long way with him.;David Herbert Lawrence;morning
And I know this happens because I took economics, and I'd explain it to ya, but I flunked that course. Not my fault. They taught it at 8 o'clock in the morning. And there is absolutely nothing you can learn out of one bloodshot eye.;Lewis Black;morning
Then there is a still higher type of courage - the courage to brave pain, to live with it, to never let others know of it and to still find joy in life to wake up in the morning with an enthusiasm for the day ahead.;Howard Cosell;morning
Make sure you never, never argue at night. You just lose a good night's sleep, and you can't settle anything until morning anyway.;Rose Kennedy;morning
I have so many things to work on, and so many ways that I fail. But that's what grace is all about. and I constantly wake up every morning trying to get better, trying to improve, trying to walk closer to God.;Tim Tebow;morning
My children are the reason I laugh, smile and want to get up every morning.;Gena Lee Nolin;morning
What is love? It is the morning and the evening star.;Sinclair Lewis;morning
On a day when you're tired, it's important to just say good morning to everyone so they're kind of aware that it's gonna be a good day. Jamie Lee Curtis told me that.;Lindsay Lohan;morning
On that Sunday morning the first thing that impressed the people who approached the tomb was the unusual position of the one and a half to two ton stone that had been lodged in front of the doorway.;Josh McDowell;morning
A bachelor is a man who comes to work each morning from a different direction.;Sholom Aleichem;morning
Like a morning dream, life becomes more and more bright the longer we live, and the reason of everything appears more clear. What has puzzled us before seems less mysterious, and the crooked paths look straighter as we approach the end.;Jean Paul;morning
Every year, August lashes out in volcanic fury, rising with the din of morning traffic, its great metallic wings smashing against the ground, heating the air with ever-increasing intensity.;Henry Rollins;morning
I am so blessed. I've been way over-blessed. At 64 years old, I look forward to going to bed every night so I can wake up in the morning and see what blessing is going to come my way that day. Because you never, ever know what God's got in store for you.;Paula Deen;morning
Above all, this country is our own. Nobody has to get up in the morning and worry what his neighbors think of him. Being a Jew is no problem here.;Golda Meir;morning
I always do an all-night horror marathon on Saturdays where we start at seven and go until five in the morning.;Quentin Tarantino;morning
Art is why I get up in the morning but my definition ends there. You know I don't think its fair that I'm living for something I can't even define.;Ani DiFranco;morning
Your body tells you what it needs, and if you sleep past your alarm on a Saturday morning, it's probably because you need the sleep.;Sophia Bush;morning
You wake up in the morning and you look at your old spoon, and you say to yourself, 'Mick, it's time to get yourself a new spoon.' And you do.;Mick Jagger;morning
I, of course, meditate for two hours every morning. It's part of my schedule I wake up at 4 a.m. every day and I love it.;Deepak Chopra;morning
I spend my happiest hours in reading Vedantic books. They are to me like the light of the morning, like the pure air of the mountains - so simple, so true, if once understood.;Max Muller;morning
I love being. There's so much wisdom in it. You wake up in the morning and you think, Hey, isn't it great just being?;Gwyneth Paltrow;morning
I never knew a man come to greatness or eminence who lay abed late in the morning.;Jonathan Swift;morning
Cinema in India is like brushing your teeth in the morning. You can't escape it.;Shahrukh Khan;morning
The great secret of doctors, known only to their wives, but still hidden from the public, is that most things get better by themselves most things, in fact, are better in the morning.;Lewis Thomas;morning
What inspires you, what excites you when you wake up in the morning?;Jennifer Aniston;morning
Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life.;Yoko Ono;morning
I'm going to marry a Jewish woman because I like the idea of getting up Sunday morning and going to the deli.;Michael J. Fox;morning
And if small businesspeople say they made it on their own, all they are saying is that nobody else worked seven days a week in their place. Nobody showed up in their place to open the door at five in the morning. Nobody did their thinking, and worrying, and sweating for them.;Paul Ryan;morning
Driving a motorcycle is like flying. All your senses are alive. When I ride through Beverly Hills in the early morning, and all the sprinklers have turned off, the scents that wash over me are just heavenly. Being House is like flying, too. You're free of the gravity of what people think.;Hugh Laurie;morning
The two most joyous times of the year are Christmas morning and the end of school.;Alice Cooper;morning
A play is much easier to maintain your personal life with because if you're rehearsing, you're working like from 11 to 6 or 11 to 5 and you get to have your whole morning and your whole evening. When you're doing the play, you have all day.;Maggie Gyllenhaal;morning
There was a chance for me to write one song for the section where Elvis sat in his black leather outfit and sang the old hits. At eight oclock the next morning I had written Memories.;Mac Davis;morning
When I wake up in the morning, I feel just like any other insecure 24-year-old girl.;Lady Gaga;morning
How like herrings and onions our vices are in the morning after we have committed them.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;morning
'The Panorama' is also the last place anywhere in New York where the World Trade Center still stands, whole, as it stood in the early morning of September 11. I can also see the corner where I saw the first tower fall and howled out loud. Seeing the buildings again here is uplifting, healing.;Jerry Saltz;morning
Experience has taught me, when I am shaving of a morning, to keep watch over my thoughts, because, if a line of poetry strays into my memory, my skin bristles so that the razor ceases to act.;A. E. Housman;morning
And my only rule being if when I wake in the morning I'm looking forward to the things that I have to do that day, then I'm on the right track.;Demetri Martin;morning
You have to have a dream so you can get up in the morning.;Billy Wilder;morning
And if I had a preference, it would be to be able to not be in the studio until 4 in the morning.;Alanis Morissette;morning
I recorded my hair this morning, tonight I'm watching the highlights.;Jay London;morning
The first thing I think about when I wake up most mornings is the fact that I'm tired. I have been tired for decades. I am tired in the morning and I am tired while becalmed in the slough of the afternoon, and I am tired in the evening, except right when I try to go to sleep.;Susan Orlean;morning
Mom was 50 when my Dad died. She got on a bus every weekday for years, and rode 40 miles each morning to Madison. She earned a new degree and learned new skills to start her small business. It wasn't just a new livelihood. It was a new life.;Paul Ryan;morning
