Central banks don't have divine wisdom. They try to do the best analysis they can and must be prepared to stand or fall by the quality of that analysis.;Mary Kay Ash;best
North Americans as a whole need to embrace having clothes altered to their body. I hear it all the time: why do the Europeans always look so good? They have a relationship with their tailor and spend the time and money to make their clothes look their best.;Michael Kors;best
My good friends are Mormon, some of the best people I know.;Katherine Heigl;best
Mr. Janet Reno? I think Mr. Janet Reno... I think he's one of the best hunting dogs in the world.;Ted Nugent;best
The best way to win against the intolerable is to tolerate them, for this they have seldom dealt with. Your indulgence may soften their malice and open their eyes to more honorable ways.;Bryant H. McGill;best
Let me be the first to tell you, drinking alcohol is the worst thing to do in cold weather. Hot soup is the best because the process of digesting food helps to warm you up.;Morgan Freeman;best
No matter how good you are at planning, the pressure never goes away. So I don't fight it. I feed off it. I turn pressure into motivation to do my best.;Benjamin Carson;best
I know I'm not the best. I'm not the best singer, I'm not the best songwriter, I'm not the best player.;Kid Rock;best
Townes van Zandt is the best songwriter in the whole world and I'll stand on Bob Dylan's coffee table in my cowboy boots and say that.;Steve Earle;best
Go right straight down the road, to do what is best, and to do it frankly and without evasion.;George C. Marshall;best
I've been all over the world. I love New York, I love Paris, San Francisco, so many places. But there's no place like New Orleans. It's got the best food. It's got the best music. It's got the best people. It's got the most fun stuff to do.;Harry Connick, Jr.;best
We all have a social mask, right? We put it on, we go out, put our best foot forward, our best image. But behind that social mask is a personal truth, what we really, really believe about who we are and what we're capable of.;Phil McGraw;best
A lot of folks believe their best years are behind them. But I want Americans to recognize that's not true.;Mehmet Oz;best
And I believe that the best learning process of any kind of craft is just to look at the work of others.;Wole Soyinka;best
I have a terrific marriage, but unlike a lot of relationships where they ebb and flow, no matter what happens you fall deeper and deeper in love every day. It's kind of the best thing that can happen to you. It's thrilling.;Hugh Jackman;best
I have very high expectations of myself. I'm a very competitive person but competitive with myself. I want to be the best that I can be and if that means that I'm eventually better than everyone else then so be it.;Wentworth Miller;best
Mediocre men work at their best men seeking excellence strive to do better.;Edwin Louis Cole;best
You owe it to yourself to be the best person possible. Because if you are, others will want to be with you, want to provide you with the things you want in exchange for what you're giving to them.;Harry Browne;best
I look my best when I take my helmet off after a long motorcycle ride. I have a glow and a bit of helmet hair.;Eric Bana;best
Each one of us requires the spur of insecurity to force us to do our best.;Harold W. Dodds;best
I live with some of my best friends from high school, very commune-like, in my house. It's my hippie way of life.;Alanis Morissette;best
Parents have become so convinced that educators know what is best for their children that they forget that they themselves are really the experts.;Marian Wright Edelman;best
If I am a cup maker, I'm interested in making the best cup I possibly can. My effort goes into that cup, not what people think about it.;Denzel Washington;best
Contrary to general belief, I do not believe that friends are necessarily the people you like best, they are merely the people who got there first.;Peter Ustinov;best
Right actions in the future are the best apologies for bad actions in the past.;Tryon Edwards;best
I felt that it's best just to be as transparent as possible.;Rupert Murdoch;best
I think we risk becoming the best informed society that has ever died of ignorance.;Ruben Blades;best
I wouldn't say I was the best manager in the business. But I was in the top one.;Brian Clough;best
One must not make oneself cheap here - that is a cardinal point - or else one is done. Whoever is most impertinent has the best chance.;Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart;best
I don't know the first real thing about the dating game. I don't know how to talk to a specific person and connect. I just think you have to go to person by person and do the best you can with people in general.;Jason Schwartzman;best
The U.S. Armed Forces are the best trained, best equipped fighting forces in the world.;Jim Walsh;best
The best book, like the best speech, will do it all - make us laugh, think, cry and cheer - preferably in that order.;Madeleine Albright;best
All I try to do is create an atmosphere that seems comfortable enough, that it removes tension and everyone feels free. If they feel free then behaviour happens, small moments happen and that's what ultimately works the best for me.;Barry Levinson;best
Activist government overreach and ongoing economic stagnation have shown us why Washington should not try to displace what is best left to civil society.;Paul Ryan;best
Being fired was the best luck of my life. It made me stop and reflect. It was the birth of my life as a writer.;Jose Saramago;best
Next to being witty, the best thing is being able to quote another's wit.;Christian Nestell Bovee;best
The best form of flattery is to be admired, imitated or respected. I've always felt proud our fans look up to us or feel we are inspirational.;Cheryl James;best
I have reached a place in my life where I need to sit down and say, 'Well, what do I do? What's best for me?' I need to look into options for the future.;Michael Phelps;best
All of Koons's best art - the encased vacuum cleaners, the stainless-steel Rabbit (the late-twentieth century's signature work of Simulationist sculpture), the amazing gleaming Balloon Dog, and the cast-iron re-creation of a Civil War mortar exhibited last month at the Armory - has simultaneously flaunted extreme realism, idealism, and fantasy.;Jerry Saltz;best
The last time money left the art world, intrepid types maxed out their credit cards and opened galleries, and a few of them have become the best in the world.;Jerry Saltz;best
I stood up as best I could to their disgusting stupidity and brutality, but I did not, of course, manage to beat them at their own game. It was a fight to the bitter end, one in which I was not defending ideals or beliefs but simply my own self.;George Grosz;best
Those who love him love that he sells the most art they take it as a point of faith that this proves Kinkade is the best. But his fans don't only rely on this supply-and-demand justification. They go back to values.;Jerry Saltz;best
My nominee for Best Picture of the year - maybe the best picture ever, because it's essentially made up of and is an ecstatic love letter to all other movies - is Christian Marclay's endlessly enticing must-see masterpiece 'The Clock.';Jerry Saltz;best
Jeffrey Deitch is the Jeff Koons of art dealers. Not because he's the biggest, best, or the richest of his kind. But because in some ways he's the weirdest (which is saying a lot when you're talking about the wonderful, wicked, lovable, and annoying creatures known as art dealers).;Jerry Saltz;best
I have lost my seven best friends, which is to say God has had mercy on me seven times without realizing it. He lent a friendship, took it from me, sent me another.;Jean Cocteau;best
The best audience is intelligent, well-educated and a little drunk.;Alben W. Barkley;best
The best music is essentially there to provide you something to face the world with.;Bruce Springsteen;best
The man who has done his best has done everything.;Charles M. Schwab;best
My best birth control now is just to leave the lights on.;Joan Rivers;best
Some women feel the best cure for a broken heart is a new beau.;Gene Tierney;best
Happiness and virtue rest upon each other the best are not only the happiest, but the happiest are usually the best.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;best
I've been gone for a long time. I really want to give the fans something that they deserve to have. So, I'm working really hard on this. I really want to make it the best work I've done so far.;Brandy Norwood;best
That they may have a little peace, even the best dogs are compelled to snarl occasionally.;William Feather;best
The best sermon is preached by the minister who has a sermon to preach and not by the man who has to preach a sermon.;William Feather;best
The prizes go to those who meet emergencies successfully. And the way to meet emergencies is to do each daily task the best we can.;William Feather;best
Old friends are best.;John Selden;best
No matter what you study, the thing that you know best is what you grew up with.;Maria Sharapova;best
Your experiences will be yours alone. But truth and best friendship will rarely if ever disappoint you.;Anne Lamott;best
The best thing about acting is that I get to lose myself in another character and actually get paid for it... It's a great outlet. I'm not really sure who I am - it seems I change every day.;Leonardo DiCaprio;best
The things we remember best are those better forgotten.;Baltasar Gracian;best
The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading.;David Bailey;best
I'm so in control of my life, you shouldn't dislike anything I do-because I'm not only in the best place I've ever been, but it keeps getting better and better.;Drew Barrymore;best
The best films of any kind, narrative or documentary, provoke questions.;Edward Norton;best
We Americans are the best informed people on earth as to the events of the last twenty-four hours we are the not the best informed as the events of the last sixty centuries.;Will Durant;best
Poverty is uncomfortable but nine times out of ten the best thing that can happen to a young man is to be tossed overboard and compelled to sink or swim.;James A. Garfield;best
To be free from evil thoughts is God's best gift.;Aeschylus;best
At some point, I would like to write a book and other things, but I work best when there is some sort of deadline in my own mind, but not when fifty people or fifty million people are breathing down the back of my neck.;Alanis Morissette;best
A multitude of bees can tell the time of day, calculate the geometry of the sun's position, argue about the best location for the next swarm. Bees do a lot of close observing of other bees maybe they know what follows stinging and do it anyway.;Lewis Thomas;best
The government's view is that the best time to announce bad news, news that it doesn't want the public to dwell on is late on a Friday, when it will wind up in the Saturday papers, which if you were readers, then the week day editions. A holiday weekend is even better.;Bob Schieffer;best
The best writing is not about the writer, the best writing is absolutely not about the writer, it's about us, it's about the reader.;Ben Okri;best
He who laughs most, learns best.;John Cleese;best
My philosophy is not a bean-counting, accounting 'look at this.' It is a philosophy that smaller government is better government, and government that is closer to the people is best of all.;John Bolton;best
I believe we need to attract a new generation of the best and brightest to public service and I believe that government can be a source of inspiration, not degradation.;Andrew Cuomo;best
If a man is dumb, someone is going to get the best of him, so why not you? If you don't, you're as dumb as he is.;Arnold Rothstein;best
Rest assured that whatever station of life we are placed, princely or lowly, it contains the lessons and experiences necessary at the moment for our evolution, and gives us the best advantage for the development of ourselves.;Edward Bach;best
The abduction of a child is a tragedy. No one can fully understand or appreciate what a parent goes through at such a time, unless they have faced a similar tragedy. Every parent responds differently. Each parent copes with this nightmare in the best way he or she knows how.;John Walsh;best
The corruption of the best things gives rise to the worst.;David Hume;best
Education alone can conduct us to that enjoyment which is, at once, best in quality and infinite in quantity.;Horace Mann;best
The best way to remember your wife's birthday is to remember it once.;E. Joseph Cossman;best
If it's flipping hamburgers at McDonald's, be the best hamburger flipper in the world. Whatever it is you do you have to master your craft.;Snoop Dogg;best
The seven marvels that best represent man's achievements over the last 2,000 years will be determined by Internet vote... so look for Howard Stern's Private Parts to come in No. 1.;Jon Stewart;best
I think guitar is the best thing in the world.;Shaun White;best
Creative ideas flourish best in a shop which preserves some spirit of fun. Nobody is in business for fun, but that does not mean there cannot be fun in business.;Leo Burnett;best
The work ahead will be hard. These times demand the best of us - all of us, but we can do this. Together, we can do this. We can get this country working again. We can get this economy growing again. We can make the safety net safe again. We can do this.;Paul Ryan;best
You must capture and keep the heart of the original and supremely able man before his brain can do its best.;Andrew Carnegie;best
Blessed are they who have the gift of making friends, for it is one of God's best gifts. It involves many things, but above all, the power of going out of one's self, and appreciating whatever is noble and loving in another.;Thomas Hughes;best
It's human nature to gripe, but I'm going ahead and doing the best I can.;Elvis Presley;best
The splendid discontent of God With chaos made the world. And from the discontent of man The worlds best progress springs.;Ella Wheeler Wilcox;best
As soon as someone tells me: 'You're rather sexy,' I wish I could disappear. If somebody says: 'You were voted the world's sexiest man,' I have no idea what that means. How do I respond? 'Thank you' is the best you can do. George Clooney is the world's sexiest man, anyway.;Daniel Craig;best
Get the best people and train them well.;Scott McNealy;best
Be assured those will be thy worst enemies, not to whom thou hast done evil, but who have done evil to thee. And those will be thy best friends, not to whom thou hast done good, but who have done good to thee.;Tacitus;best
When a man's best friend is his dog, that dog has a problem.;Edward Abbey;best
Live daringly, boldly, fearlessly. Taste the relish to be found in competition - in having put forth the best within you.;Henry J. Kaiser;best
If you play it straight it's funny - the best comedy is always played straight down the middle. The adjustment is understanding from the screenplay that a moment is hilarious.;Tom Hiddleston;best
Those who know the least obey the best.;George Farquhar;best
That's your best friend and your worst enemy - your own brain.;Fred Durst;best
When I am traveling in a carriage, or walking after a good meal, or during the night when I cannot sleep it is on such occasions that ideas flow best and most abundantly.;Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart;best
I do some of my best thinking while pulling weeds.;Martha Smith;best
If your sister is in a tearing hurry to go out and cannot catch your eye, she's wearing your best sweater.;Pam Brown;best
