In fact, I had the idea because of Peter Falk. I saw my dad watching a Peter Falk movie and something clicked in my head. I gotta go make a movie for Peter Falk and me.;Paul Reiser;dad
And in that time, I lost my dad and had kids of my own. It was like, OK, I get it now. I know what fatherhood is all about. And you look at your parents differently.;Paul Reiser;dad
My Dad was so open creatively that I was off in search of black turtleneck bathing suits with long sleeves.;Moon Unit Zappa;dad
My mother is Italian and my dad's Irish. In my family, we're expressive. Nobody holds back.;Kate Walsh;dad
My Dad died during the flu epidemic in 1918 when I was 4 years old. He left a lot of classical recordings behind that I began listening to at an early age, so he must have been a music lover.;Tom Glazer;dad
Well, I am a lot like my dad, and the character of Ted is based on my dad.;Max Cannon;dad
Dad was a bus driver, and when he finished work he would repair cars.;Bruno Tonioli;dad
When it came to the stylish and graceful art of ballroom dancing, my dad was a king of the clubs, a prowling tiger and a wonderfully natural mover.;Bruno Tonioli;dad
Dad said that he was prouder of me than he'd ever been when I came out.;Randy Harrison;dad
Everybody always wants to rebel against their parents' music, but nobody listened to music louder than my dad.;Dan Auerbach;dad
I used to be really nervous when I sang. Like, when I was a kid starting young, 18 and 19, and my dad really had to sort of push me to start singing in front of people. Ever since I got out there and really started doing it, the only thing I've ever tried to do is just sort of is be myself, you know, never put on a voice. Sing naturally.;Dan Auerbach;dad
My dad was very fun and very adventurous, and from a formative age I learned to value men who would do things on a whim.;Rachel Hunter;dad
My dad let me figure out what I wanted to do on my own.;Georgia Jagger;dad
My dad's not a very intimidating father figure.;Georgia Jagger;dad
My dad's supportive of all my endeavors.;Georgia Jagger;dad
My dad has more sparkly stuff than most men.;Georgia Jagger;dad
When I was about 12 and first started wearing lipstick, my dad would ask, 'Are you wearing makeup?' I would say back, 'You're wearing more makeup there than I am!';Georgia Jagger;dad
I can't remember a major league game where I could make eye contact with my dad. I kept wondering if he was going to yell at me for hanging a pitch or something.;David Cone;dad
My dad had a movie theater so I was there every night.;Brion James;dad
I'm really, really lucky. I was given my dad's good genes.;Josh Brolin;dad
I started playing ball when I was a kid. My dad was a pro ball player and he passed on his knowledge to me.;Kurt Russell;dad
At times I've got a really big ego. But I'll tell you the best thing about me. I'm some guy's dad I'm some little gal's dad. When I die, if they say I was Annie's husband and Zachary John and Anna Kate's father, boy, that's enough for me to be remembered by. That's more than enough.;John Denver;dad
I realised I could run after finding out that my dad used to run and it gave me the morale that if he did it then maybe I could also run.;David Rudisha;dad
I get around OK with a toolbox. As a kid, I picked up skills following my dad through the oil fields of Oklahoma and West Texas. My wife Janine is hard to impress, but she does think it's cool when I fix things around the house.;Ronnie Dunn;dad
My dad is a really honest, hardworking, straight guy.;Joe Lando;dad
I had a dad you know.;Darrell Hammond;dad
And I remember leaving my place in L.A. and - my father is a big fight fan - and I said, 'Dad, I got a couple of days off and I'm getting ready to go to Houston to sign to fight Muhammad Ali.;Wilt Chamberlain;dad
When you get pure joy out of 'being' rather than 'doing' or 'seeing,' that's when you realize how big and unexplainable some things are and being a dad is one of those very few things.;Brendan Fehr;dad
Also, to be honest, my dad wanted me to be an athlete. And I think all sons want to prove something to their dad. So now, aged 35, I want to see what I can achieve physically.;Joe Manganiello;dad
I'm one of five kids and we lived on a massive farm in New South Wales with my mum and dad.;Abbie Cornish;dad
Dad, I'm in some trouble. There's been an accident and you're going to hear all sorts of things about me from now on. Terrible things.;Edward Kennedy;dad
My dad's a bodybuilder. My whole life I've been taught to train the hard way. I believe in earning strength, not buying it. My grandfather raised me old school: In baseball, you work for whatever you get.;Gary Sheffield;dad
My background is basically scientific math. My Dad was a physicist, so I have it in my blood somewhere. Scientific method is very important to me. I think anything that contradicts it is probably not true.;John Astin;dad
My father was Catholic, my mother was Protestant, and because of that I got Christened in both churches, so I've got all these names... but my Dad always called me Mick.;Mickey Spillane;dad
When I was a teenager, my dad used to call me 'Hollywood' because I wore sunglasses all the time, even at night. Cue song.;Michael Weatherly;dad
My dad's one of my biggest heroes. I also think Paul Newman's an inspiration. I know a lot of people say that, but I love that he's a great role model and a humanitarian. I admire people who don't necessarily want to change the world, but try to make it a better environment.;Alex Pettyfer;dad
It would be nice if I did have a good relationship with my family, and yes, part of me longs to have a mum and dad who love and accept me for who I am. But if they never do, it's OK.;Heather Graham;dad
He was a manager, one of the singers, I guess talent coordinator for the local talent in Harlem. His name was Lover Patterson. He was living right across the street from where my dad had his restaurant. I guess he saw a lot of kids come in, a lot of my buddies.;Ben E. King;dad
Many forms, sizes and colors, I think there are heroes in sports, in life... It would be cliche to say my dad, my granddad. I think I'm a fan of people who were brave, my aunt, my grandmother, those are my heroes.;George Eads;dad
My mother's incredibly giving, almost too giving at times. And, my dad is a real logical person. He's got logic for every situation. They've been married for 24 years, so there was that stability, also. I really learned to think on my own at a very young age.;Brian Austin Green;dad
I'm left handed, but my dad taught me to play guitar right-handed.;Dustin Diamond;dad
My mum and my dad are the sweetest couple.;Rita Ora;dad
My dad was vehemently opposed to electric guitars. He did not look on that kind of music as legitimate in any way.;Dan Fogelberg;dad
My dad served in the Air Force as ground crew for several years, and doesn't really talk about it. I know that it's there. I think my main thing about direct or indirect experiences as near to home as it were is the idea of self-sacrifice really.;Jeremy Northam;dad
Our dad was a great guy and we will never forget him.;Lara St. John;dad
That's a tough question I've been acting since I was 10. My dad was an entrepreneur, so I guess something along those lines. I wouldn't want a 9-5 job.;Will Estes;dad
I've been acting since I was 10. My dad was an entrepreneur, so I guess something along those lines. I wouldn't want a 9-5 job.;Will Estes;dad
On the one hand, I've had such a normal upbringing with my mum, who has kept me grounded, but on the other, the wild experiences through my dad.;Julian Lennon;dad
My mom's a Catholic, and my dad's a Jew, and they didn't want anything to do with anything.;Isabelle Huppert;dad
The only other time I can recall my dad getting upset at me was when I missed a hockey practice. My parents were away, so my buddy and I decided to skip it. I never told my dad about it, but he found out from the coach.;Mike Weir;dad
Well my dad was a pretty good player at one stage and my two older brothers played golf as well. So there were always golf clubs flying around the house.;Retief Goosen;dad
I wasn't sure how my dad would react. There was an agent sitting behind them and he told me he was embarrassed to watch the scenes. My parents have always been very open. They trust my decisions.;Shannon Elizabeth;dad
I used to listen to my dad a lot as a way of trying to be close to him, as well, because my parents were divorced and I didn't spend that much time with him. And I used to put headphones on and listen to my dad talk and sing and I found that quite... bonding with him, in a weird way.;Teddy Thompson;dad
It was sort of just a family sport. My mom and dad were pretty keen golfers when I was young and so were my grandparents, and I just sort of tagged along with them.;Karrie Webb;dad
Things with my dad were pretty good until I won an Academy Award. He was really loving to me until I got more attention than he did. Then he hated me.;Tatum O'Neal;dad
I would ask my dad what he did, and he'd say, 'I listen to people's problems.' In some way what he did for a living is in my genes.;Marcia Cross;dad
But although Australia was also involved in the Vietnam conflict, I can remember my dad telling us that if we were in Australia, we wouldn't be drafted until we were 20.;Mel Gibson;dad
When I was a kid, I wanted to walk with my dad's limp - my dad was my hero - but that infuriated him, and he would make me walk back and forth in the living room until I walked without it.;David Alan Grier;dad
When I grew up, people said, 'You'll never be the man your dad was.' And I said, 'Gee, I hope not.';Rip Torn;dad
My dad has always been really helpful. He taught me that talent is a bonus, but persistence is what wins out.;Zosia Mamet;dad
But my father was also the one who told me I needed to clean up my mouth or I'd never find a man. What's very important to him is manners. Show up on time. Always send thank-you letters. He is one of the more thoughtful humans I've ever met. He's a great man and a very good dad.;Zosia Mamet;dad
I didn't want to play a lawyer. I didn't want to play a doctor. I didn't want to play a single dad. I wanted to do something I felt I could learn from, something that would be a challenge and something that would not dry up.;William Petersen;dad
I feel that marrying younger and being quite a young dad helped me with the stability of my career.;Patrick Duffy;dad
I worked with my dad for 15 years. I apprenticed under him and decided I wanted to become an architect. So I went to college for it and then the acting bug got me.;Patrick Duffy;dad
Indians mock their corrupt politicians relentlessly, but they regard their honest politicians with silent suspicion. The first thing they do when they hear of a supposedly 'clean' politician is to grin. It is a cliche that honest politicians in India tend to have dishonest sons, who collect money from people seeking an audience with Dad.;Aravind Adiga;dad
I was born and raised in the high desert of Nevada in a tiny town called Searchlight. My dad was a hard rock miner. My mom took in wash. I grew up around people of strong values - even if they rarely talked about them.;Harry Reid;dad
I think women look for that quality in a man of being a good dad whether they're immediately wanting to be a parent or not.;Emily VanCamp;dad
I'm just as insufferable and useless as every other dad is. The dynamic never changes, no matter what you do for a living.;Glenn Frey;dad
My dad's Irish music was such a huge influence.;Dido Armstrong;dad
I feel very warm towards Mum and Dad for giving us the independence they did. My childhood, and the fact we didn't have a TV, gave me a boundless imagination.;Dido Armstrong;dad
I want babies. I think I'll be a great dad.;Oliver Hudson;dad
My dad was a singer in a band and neither of my parents went to college, and I ended up getting into Harvard and was the first person in my family that went to college and it happened to be Harvard.;Dean Norris;dad
The best thing I ever learned from my dad was he knew he wasn't the best of singers, but he always knew he was a great entertainer, and I always thought that was a good concept to bring along, that ultimately acting is an entertainment art and you have to be aware of the fact that you want people to be excited to be watching you.;Dean Norris;dad
My dad's era believed that there was something noble in being a good guy - the kind of guy that lived straight and narrow, told the truth, and stood up for what he believed was right.;Dean Norris;dad
My dad had been an actor... not only had my dad been an actor, but his dad had been an actor, and my great-grandfather had been an actor. And who knows before then?;David Hyde Pierce;dad
I went and took golf lessons so Dad would let me play with him. I was just terrible... but I was able to have a wonderful time just walking around with Dad. I can see the real pleasure of that game.;David Hyde Pierce;dad
When you're nearing 35, going, 'Hey Dad, I can't make these payments,' just isn't cool.;Eleanor Mondale;dad
I wanted to be an actress. I think it had a lot to do with being a kid and watching how every time my dad would stand up to talk people would applaud... that was pretty cool.;Eleanor Mondale;dad
I look at my little girl and I wonder what she's going to be and what she's going to do and what is it that leads girls certain directions in life. I think a lot of that goes back to what kind of father they had, and so it makes me want to be the best dad I can possibly be.;Jake Owen;dad
I had always loved music. I grew up listening to classic country, Waylon Jennings, Merle Haggard. My dad loved Vern Gosdin and Keith Whitley. So I kept going to class and started getting totally into playing guitar and teaching myself these songs.;Jake Owen;dad
My dad has always been very proud of me but I think I have exceeded his expectations. When I told him I wanted to be an actor and moved to New York City, I think he assumed I would be playing the guitar on the subway and collecting spare change in my guitar case. The fact that I'm not doing that means that I'm a huge success.;Jesse Tyler Ferguson;dad
Dad really had little to do with the songs, except to perform them.;Nancy Sinatra;dad
I wanted to travel with my dad to be close to him again. Having babies and raising my own family took so much of my time, I didn't have a chance to be with him very often.;Nancy Sinatra;dad
My dad was the baby. When he was born they were already successful. They sent him to business school - he probably would have loved to have been a poet or a writer or something, and he was very creative.;Bob Balaban;dad
My dad was born in Chicago in 1908... his parents came from Russia. They settled in Chicago, where they lived in a little tiny grocery store with eight or nine children - in the backroom all together - and my grandmother got the idea to go into the movie business.;Bob Balaban;dad
My dad told me that no one could ever make it as a writer, that my chances were equivalent to winning the lottery - which was good for me, because I like to have something to prove.;Poppy Z. Brite;dad
From my dad I learned to be good to people, to always be honest and straightforward. I learned hard work and perseverance.;Luke Bryan;dad
My dad is very successful in his business. He's always been big in having hobbies and having little ways to get away. He always made time for hunting and fishing. He always encouraged me to do it.;Luke Bryan;dad
We had our first earthquake over here recently. That was a bizarre feeling. I just became disoriented and I remember my dad freaking out. Nothing broke or anything.;Ashley Scott;dad
I suppose not everyone has a dad who wrote a book saying he didn't believe in the Parliamentary road to socialism.;Ed Miliband;dad
There was nothing more important I could do than be supportive as a dad.;Arne Duncan;dad
My dad named me Dakota and my mom came up with my first name Hannah. So it's Hannah Dakota Fanning.;Dakota Fanning;dad
My dad was a master butcher and I trained to be a butcher when I left school. I didn't enjoy it at the time but I love cooking now, so perhaps I would have been a chef.;Brendan Coyle;dad
I started off playing the clarinet, after I was inspired by listening to my dad's Benny Goodman records.;Alvin Lee;dad
I absolutely love working with my dad because there is such an ease about it, and I also love his company.;Samuel West;dad
I've got an idea for a modern day faerie tale that I think would made a great short novel. But I just don't have the time to work on it right now. I'm way too busy with the 'Kingkiller Chronicles' and being a new dad.;Patrick Rothfuss;dad
If you met my dad, I think a lot of things would be put to rest. Because my pops is a pretty silly guy. But, Coldcut, they're based in the U.K. I'm a big fan of jazz music, so American music has had a big influence on what I listen to.;Eric San;dad
When I realized I was having trouble reading, I was too embarrassed to ask for help. Some teachers believed in me, but I just wasn't focused on school - I was into the music and trying to please my dad.;Fantasia Barrino;dad
I'm an ambassador for the Make-A-Wish Foundation, and one of the children, his wish was to go to the Emmys, so he's going to be my date, along with my husband, and my dad and his girlfriend. So we're going to have a really fun night and it's going to be really exciting. I'm really excited for him to experience that.;Christina Hendricks;dad
