If in my youth I had realized that the sustaining splendour of beauty of with which I was in love would one day flood back into my heart, there to ignite a flame that would torture me without end, how gladly would I have put out the light in my eyes.;Michelangelo;beauty
A day spent without the sight or sound of beauty, the contemplation of mystery, or the search of truth or perfection is a poverty-stricken day and a succession of such days is fatal to human life.;Lewis Mumford;beauty
At some point in life the world's beauty becomes enough. You don't need to photograph, paint or even remember it. It is enough.;Toni Morrison;beauty
Light, God's eldest daughter, is a principal beauty in a building.;Thomas Fuller;beauty
Beauty is about perception, not about make-up. I think the beginning of all beauty is knowing and liking oneself. You can't put on make-up, or dress yourself, or do you hair with any sort of fun or joy if you're doing it from a position of correction.;Kevyn Aucoin;beauty
That's why I began doing makeup in the first place: I was hoping that through helping people see the beauty in themselves, I could try and find it in me.;Kevyn Aucoin;beauty
Beauty is only skin deep. I think what's really important is finding a balance of mind, body and spirit.;Jennifer Lopez;beauty
When I tried to play something and screwed up, I'd hear some other note that would come into play. Then I started trying different things to find the beauty in it.;Dimebag Darrell;beauty
The most common error made in matters of appearance is the belief that one should disdain the superficial and let the true beauty of one's soul shine through. If there are places on your body where this is a possibility, you are not attractive - you are leaking.;Charles Lamb;beauty
The terrifying and edible beauty of Art Nouveau architecture.;Salvador Dali;beauty
O, thou art fairer than the evening air clad in the beauty of a thousand stars.;Christopher Marlowe;beauty
Through loyalty to the past, our mind refuses to realize that tomorrow's joy is possible only if today's makes way for it that each wave owes the beauty of its line only to the withdrawal of the preceding one.;Andre Gide;beauty
There is no excellent beauty that hath not some strangeness in the proportion.;Francis Bacon;beauty
Although beauty may be in the eye of the beholder, the feeling of being beautiful exists solely in the mind of the beheld.;Martha Beck;beauty
Beauty, to me, is about being comfortable in your own skin. That, or a kick-ass red lipstick.;Gwyneth Paltrow;beauty
The human mind is capable of excitement without the application of gross and violent stimulants and he must have a very faint perception of its beauty and dignity who does not know this.;William Wordsworth;beauty
Beauty deprived of its proper foils and adjuncts ceases to be enjoyed as beauty, just as light deprived of all shadows ceases to be enjoyed as light.;John Ruskin;beauty
The kind of beauty I want most is the hard-to-get kind that comes from within - strength, courage, dignity.;Ruby Dee;beauty
Beauty for some provides escape, who gain a happiness in eyeing the gorgeous buttocks of the ape or Autumn sunsets exquisitely dying.;Langston Hughes;beauty
To give pain is the tyranny to make happy, the true empire of beauty.;Samuel Butler;beauty
The beauty of the world, which is so soon to perish, has two edges, one of laughter, one of anguish, cutting the heart asunder.;Virginia Woolf;beauty
Every beauty which is seen here by persons of perception resembles more than anything else that celestial source from which we all are come.;Michelangelo;beauty
Beauty always promises, but never gives anything.;Simone Weil;beauty
To look almost pretty is an acquisition of higher delight to a girl who has been looking plain for the first fifteen years of her life than a beauty from her cradle can ever receive.;Jane Austen;beauty
Poets say science takes away from the beauty of the stars - mere globs of gas atoms. I, too, can see the stars on a desert night, and feel them. But do I see less or more?;Richard P. Feynman;beauty
We especially need imagination in science. It is not all mathematics, nor all logic, but it is somewhat beauty and poetry.;Maria Montessori;beauty
The architect should strive continually to simplify the ensemble of the rooms should then be carefully considered that comfort and utility may go hand in hand with beauty.;Frank Lloyd Wright;beauty
It is art that makes life, makes interest, makes importance... and I know of no substitute whatever for the force and beauty of its process.;Henry James;beauty
It is dangerous for mortal beauty, or terrestrial virtue, to be examined by too strong a light. The torch of Truth shows much that we cannot, and all that we would not, see.;Samuel Johnson;beauty
Poetry is something to make us wiser and better, by continually revealing those types of beauty and truth, which God has set in all men's souls.;James Russell Lowell;beauty
I don't like people who have never fallen or stumbled. Their virtue is lifeless and it isn't of much value. Life hasn't revealed its beauty to them.;Boris Pasternak;beauty
Taught from infancy that beauty is woman's sceptre, the mind shapes itself to the body, and roaming round its gilt cage, only seeks to adorn its prison.;Mary Wollstonecraft;beauty
I tell myself that God gave my children many gifts - spirit, beauty, intelligence, the capacity to make friends and to inspire respect. There was only one gift he held back - length of life.;Rose Kennedy;beauty
Humanism was not wrong in thinking that truth, beauty, liberty, and equality are of infinite value, but in thinking that man can get them for himself without grace.;Simone Weil;beauty
Don't get me wrong, I admire elegance and have an appreciation of the finer things in life. But to me, beauty lies in simplicity.;Mark Hyman;beauty
Beauty is the disinterested one, without which the ancient world refused to understand itself, a word which both imperceptibly and yet unmistakably has bid farewell to our new world, a world of interests, leaving it to its own avarice and sadness.;Hans Urs von Balthasar;beauty
Courtesy is a silver lining around the dark clouds of civilization it is the best part of refinement and in many ways, an art of heroic beauty in the vast gallery of man's cruelty and baseness.;Bryant H. McGill;beauty
An artist is an artist only because of his exquisite sense of beauty, a sense which shows him intoxicating pleasures, but which at the same time implies and contains an equally exquisite sense of all deformities and all disproportion.;Charles Baudelaire;beauty
San Francisco is a mad city - inhabited for the most part by perfectly insane people whose women are of a remarkable beauty.;Rudyard Kipling;beauty
Beauty is also submitted to the taste of time, so a beautiful woman from the Belle Epoch is not exactly the perfect beauty of today, so beauty is something that changes with time.;Karl Lagerfeld;beauty
A whopping 89 percent of buyers start their home search online. How your house looks online is the modern equivalent of 'curb appeal.' Rent a wide-angle lens and good lighting, get rid of your clutter and post at least eight great photos to win the beauty contest.;Barbara Corcoran;beauty
Sex and beauty are inseparable, like life and consciousness. And the intelligence which goes with sex and beauty, and arises out of sex and beauty, is intuition.;David Herbert Lawrence;beauty
There's a beauty to wisdom and experience that cannot be faked. It's impossible to be mature without having lived.;Amy Grant;beauty
Praise or blame has but a momentary effect on the man whose love of beauty in the abstract makes him a severe critic on his own works.;John Keats;beauty
Youth is happy because it has the ability to see beauty. Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.;Franz Kafka;beauty
It would be difficult for me not to conclude that the most perfect type of masculine beauty is Satan, as portrayed by Milton.;Charles Baudelaire;beauty
I am little concerned with beauty or perfection. I don't care for the great centuries. All I care about is life, struggle, intensity.;Emile Zola;beauty
Nonsense and beauty have close connections.;E. M. Forster;beauty
Beauty ought to look a little surprised: it is the emotion that best suits her face. The beauty who does not look surprised, who accepts her position as her due - she reminds us too much of a prima donna.;E. M. Forster;beauty
If we do not permit the earth to produce beauty and joy, it will in the end not produce food, either.;Joseph Wood Krutch;beauty
I don't want to be perfect, but I do want to be a role model. My mom always tells me that imperfections equal beauty. All of us are imperfect.;Miley Cyrus;beauty
To me, teamwork is the beauty of our sport, where you have five acting as one. You become selfless.;Mike Krzyzewski;beauty
I decided that if I could paint that flower in a huge scale, you could not ignore its beauty.;Georgia O'Keeffe;beauty
What the imagination seizes as beauty must be truth.;John Keats;beauty
With a great poet the sense of Beauty overcomes every other consideration, or rather obliterates all consideration.;John Keats;beauty
In chess one cannot control everything. Sometimes a game takes an unexpected turn, in which beauty begins to emerge. Both players are always instrumental in this.;Vladimir Kramnik;beauty
No spring nor summer beauty hath such grace as I have seen in one autumnal face.;John Donne;beauty
I believe that children are our future. Teach them well and let them lead the way. Show them all the beauty they possess inside.;Whitney Houston;beauty
The lover knows much more about absolute good and universal beauty than any logician or theologian, unless the latter, too, be lovers in disguise.;George Santayana;beauty
It is well known that Beauty does not look with a good grace on the timid advances of Humour.;W. Somerset Maugham;beauty
There is certainly no absolute standard of beauty. That precisely is what makes its pursuit so interesting.;John Kenneth Galbraith;beauty
There is great beauty in going through life without anxiety or fear. Half our fears are baseless, and the other half discreditable.;Christian Nestell Bovee;beauty
Grace in women has more effect than beauty.;William Hazlitt;beauty
Old hands soil, it seems, whatever they caress, but they too have their beauty when they are joined in prayer. Young hands were made for caresses and the sheathing of love. It is a pity to make them join too soon.;Andre Gide;beauty
There is nothing that makes its way more directly into the soul than beauty.;Joseph Addison;beauty
Competence, like truth, beauty, and contact lenses, is in the eye of the beholder.;Laurence J. Peter;beauty
People say I'm extravagant because I want to be surrounded by beauty. But tell me, who wants to be surrounded by garbage?;Imelda Marcos;beauty
I always say you can never be extravagant with beauty. Beauty is God made real. Beauty is life.;Imelda Marcos;beauty
Grace is in garments, in movements, in manners beauty in the nude, and in forms. This is true of bodies but when we speak of feelings, beauty is in their spirituality, and grace in their moderation.;Joseph Joubert;beauty
I think everybody can agree that you can hear a certain song and it will put you in a certain mood, and that's just the beauty of music and I am so inspired by that.;Shaun White;beauty
Paris is one of the most beautiful places in all the world. Unfortunately, I was so homesick I couldn't appreciate its beauty.;Tyra Banks;beauty
The human soul needs actual beauty more than bread.;David Herbert Lawrence;beauty
For the man sound of body and serene of mind there is no such thing as bad weather every day has its beauty, and storms which whip the blood do but make it pulse more vigorously.;George Gissing;beauty
Who would not give up wit for power and beauty?;Mason Cooley;beauty
Enhance and intensify one's vision of that synthesis of truth and beauty which is the highest and deepest reality.;Ovid;beauty
The beautiful seems right by force of beauty, and the feeble wrong because of weakness.;Virginia Woolf;beauty
What is man's ultimate direction in life? It is to look for love, truth, virtue, and beauty.;Shinichi Suzuki;beauty
Beauty is desired in order that it may be befouled not for its own sake, but for the joy brought by the certainty of profaning it.;Tom Stoppard;beauty
The moment you cheat for the sake of beauty, you know you're an artist.;David Hockney;beauty
A thing is right when it tends to preserve the integrity, stability and beauty of the biotic community. It is wrong when it tends otherwise.;Aldo Leopold;beauty
A bad manner spoils everything, even reason and justice a good one supplies everything, gilds a No, sweetens a truth, and adds a touch of beauty to old age itself.;Baltasar Gracian;beauty
Beauty is the lover's gift.;William Congreve;beauty
There is in true beauty, as in courage, something which narrow souls cannot dare to admire.;William Congreve;beauty
A woman can be very beautiful and an ideal model and she will photograph incredibly well, but she'll appear in film and it won't work. What works is some fusion of physical beauty with some mental field or whatever you call it. I don't know.;Oliver Stone;beauty
The ideal beauty is a fugitive which is never found.;Joan Rivers;beauty
Wisdom is the abstract of the past, but beauty is the promise of the future.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;beauty
Our scientific age demands that we provide definitions, measurements, and statistics in order to be taken seriously. Yet most of the important things in life cannot be precisely defined or measured. Can we define or measure love, beauty, friendship, or decency, for example?;Dennis Prager;beauty
No matter what a woman's appearance may be, it will be used to undermine what she is saying and taken to individualize - as her personal problem - observations she makes about the beauty myth in society.;Naomi Wolf;beauty
Vampires have always held a very seductive kind of lore and have always been some variety of attractive, whether it's attractiveness that's born of just the physical attributes that they have - this kind of ethereal beauty or translucent pallor - or whether it is more to do with the way they carry themselves.;Colin Farrell;beauty
If you don't die of thirst, there are blessings in the desert. You can be pulled into limitlessness, which we all yearn for, or you can do the beauty of minutiae, the scrimshaw of tiny and precise. The sky is your ocean, and the crystal silence will uplift you like great gospel music, or Neil Young.;Anne Lamott;beauty
For what the horse does under compulsion, as Simon also observes, is done without understanding and there is no beauty in it either, any more than if one should whip and spur a dancer.;Xenophon;beauty
I might have some character traits that some might see as innocence or naive. That's because I discovered peace and happiness in my soul. And with this knowledge, I also see the beauty of human life.;Tobey Maguire;beauty
After all, it is the divinity within that makes the divinity without and I have been more fascinated by a woman of talent and intelligence, though deficient in personal charms, than I have been by the most regular beauty.;Washington Irving;beauty
Do not try to push your way through to the front ranks of your profession do not run after distinctions and rewards but do your utmost to find an entry into the world of beauty.;Sydney Smith;beauty
All cities are mad: but the madness is gallant. All cities are beautiful: but the beauty is grim.;Christopher Morley;beauty
Whether you come from heaven or hell, what does it matter, O Beauty!;Charles Baudelaire;beauty
People think that if you look fairly reasonable, you can't possibly act, and as I only care about acting, I think beauty can be a great handicap.;Vivien Leigh;beauty
Romance and novel paint beauty in colors more charming than nature, and describe a happiness that humans never taste. How deceptive and destructive are those pictures of consummate bliss!;Oliver Goldsmith;beauty
Always think of what is useful and not what is beautiful. Beauty will come of its own accord.;Nikolai Gogol;beauty
