I think the whole system of education would change if I were in charge and had the ability to make changes. I don't think I would keep Princeton exactly being Princeton.;Wallace Shawn;education
But the thing I felt most strongly about, and put at the end of one of the prison diaries, was education.;Jeffrey Archer;education
Politics should share one purpose with religion: the steady emancipation of the individual through the education of his passions.;George Will;education
Why has elegance found so little following? That is the reality of it. Elegance has the disadvantage, if that's what it is, that hard work is needed to achieve it and a good education to appreciate it.;Edsger Dijkstra;education
Think about it: Every educated person is not rich, but almost every education person has a job and a way out of poverty. So education is a fundamental solution to poverty.;Kathleen Blanco;education
The five different areas in which boys are in crisis - education jobs emotional health physical health and fatherlessness - are handled by different portions of the government.;Warren Farrell;education
Tonight, you are hearing from the Democratic women of the Senate... We stand together on so many issues: economic prosperity, quality education for all, protecting a woman's right to choose.;Barbara Boxer;education
Access to books and the encouragement of the habit of reading: these two things are the first and most necessary steps in education and librarians, teachers and parents all over the country know it. It is our children's right and it is also our best hope and their best hope for the future.;Michael Morpurgo;education
One of the great failings of our education system is that we tend to focus on those who are succeeding in exams, and there are plenty of them. But what we should also be looking at, and a lot more urgently, is those who fail.;Michael Morpurgo;education
A lot of children, like I did, move away from words because of the fear - which is something you have to take out of education: the fear of worrying about what marks you'll get, detention, worrying about letting people down, your parents, teachers.;Michael Morpurgo;education
I had passed through the entire British education system studying literature, culminating in three years of reading English at Oxford, and they'd never told me about something as basic as the importance of point of view in fiction!;Philip Pullman;education
I have maintained a passionate interest in education, which leads me occasionally to make foolish and ill-considered remarks alleging that not everything is well in our schools.;Philip Pullman;education
Excellent education and an excellent environment are two hallmarks of our state. How we treat our environment is connected to so many other opportunities in Maine.;John Baldacci;education
Rewards and punishments are the lowest form of education.;Zhuang Zi;education
The Wayne Education Building was the first classroom building that we have done on the Wayne campus.;Minoru Yamasaki;education
Most Indians go into education. Their parents just push them into education like parents in Australia push them into sports.;Mahesh Bhupathi;education
Smart businesses do not look at labor costs alone anymore. They do look at market access, transportation, telecommunications infrastructure and the education and skill level of the workforce, the development of capital and the regulatory market.;Janet Napolitano;education
Few things are as essential as education.;Walter Annenberg;education
In the world today, a young lady who does not have a college education just is not educated.;Walter Annenberg;education
To create the power of competence without creating a corresponding direction to guide the use of that power is bad education.;John Dickey;education
If education does not create a need for the best in life, then we are stuck in an undemocratic, rigid caste society.;Sargent Shriver;education
Education is our greatest opportunity to give an irrevocable gift to the next generation.;Ernie Fletcher;education
We are currently working on new policies to protect and create American jobs, particularly by improving education. We need more information in order to find the best solutions to this increasing concern for American families.;Dan Lipinski;education
By cutting critical domestic programs such as education, health, environmental protection, and veterans' services, this budget reveals misplaced priorities.;Dan Lipinski;education
I have an education degree from the University of Minnesota, and I was a teacher for about a minute.;Loni Anderson;education
Any education that matters is liberal. All the saving truths, all the healing graces that distinguish a good education from a bad one or a full education from a half empty one are contained in that word.;Alan K. Simpson;education
I have an education, I went to college, you know?;Nicole Polizzi;education
These are important reforms. Infrastructure, education, health, hospitals, closing the gap with indigenous Australians. Also the Apology to the first Australians. As Prime Minister of the country I am proud of each and every one of these achievements.;Kevin Rudd;education
Education is the vaccine for violence.;Edward James Olmos;education
Official education was telling people almost nothing of the nature of all those things on the seashores, and in the redwood forests, in the deserts and in the plains.;Gregory Bateson;education
My wife wanted my children to have some Chinese culture and education. She believes the children need to learn two languages and two cultures.;Jet Li;education
If we do not provide education for every single American, we are consigning those without an education to second-class status.;Patrick J. Kennedy;education
We have over 500,000 illegal immigrants living in Arizona. And we simply cannot sustain it. It costs us a tremendous amount of money of course in health care, in education, and then, on top of it all, in incarceration. And the federal government doesn't reimburse us on any of these things.;Jan Brewer;education
The Brown decision promised that every child, regardless of the color of his or her skin, would have unequivocal access to quality education and an equal opportunity to pursue his/her dreams.;Ed Markey;education
Although children are only 24 percent of the population, they're 100 percent of our future and we cannot afford to provide any child with a substandard education.;Ed Markey;education
There are three major social issues that this country is struggling with: education, poverty, and drugs. Two of them we talk about, and one of them we don't.;Steven Soderbergh;education
In the 1960s we were fighting to be recognized as equals in the marketplace, in marriage, in education and on the playing field. It was a very exciting, rebellious time.;Marlo Thomas;education
Being the lead of the show and working a lot of hours - all good stuff, a tremendous education, incredible opportunity, it changed my life - it was a marathon, and by the end of it I was pretty beat.;James Van Der Beek;education
I've got no education.;Andrea Arnold;education
Sex education classes are like in-home sales parties for abortions.;Phyllis Schlafly;education
Capitalism would have never let me be a filmmaker, living in Flint, Michigan with a high school education. I was going to have to make that happen myself.;Michael Moore;education
In fact, I believe that we need better sex education in our own culture, here in America, so that young folk learn about things like venereal disease before they encounter it.;Piers Anthony;education
Human education is concerned with certain changes in the intellects, characters and behavior of men, its problems being roughly included under these four topics: Aims, materials, means and methods.;Edward Thorndike;education
Education is a state-controlled manufactory of echoes.;Norman Douglas;education
My advantage as a woman and a human being has been in having a mother who believed strongly in women's education. She was an early undergraduate at Oxford, and her own mother was a doctor.;Antonia Fraser;education
The value of a good education has never left me.;Michelle Pfeiffer;education
You can't have a sustainable US economy without a great education system. Teach students to do the job right. You don't have an innovative economy unless you have a great education.;Walter Isaacson;education
My parents had an old-fashioned ideal of college, that four years at a liberal arts college should be a liberal arts education.;Julie Bowen;education
What makes me angry? The education of children. How in God's name can you expect to have a functioning society the way we teach our kids?;Kathleen Turner;education
Economic prosperity and quality education for our children are inexorably linked.;Jon Huntsman, Jr.;education
I'm not sure it's the stimulus money that will necessarily allow the economy to recover. It will help to fortify our budgets, frankly, to ensure that there isn't as much backsliding in the areas of education and healthcare, for example.;Jon Huntsman, Jr.;education
A writer should get as much education as possible, but just going to school is not enough if it were, all owners of doctorates would be inspired writers.;Gwendolyn Brooks;education
But instead of standing up for reason, our government is handing education over to the world of faith.;Polly Toynbee;education
My votes against the education bill and my votes against the Medicare bill got huge play at home.;Mike Pence;education
Look, I want what's good for everybody. I want to promote good state education for all. I want to raise standards for all kids, irrespective of race and class but why can't they all just do what I say when I know I'm right?;Arabella Weir;education
Mothers, unless they were very poor, didn't work. Both of my parents had to leave education. My mother had to work in a cotton mill until 18 or 19, when she took some training in domestic science.;Roger Bannister;education
As the true object of education is not to render the pupil the mere copy of his preceptor, it is rather to be rejoiced in, than lamented, that various reading should lead him into new trains of thinking.;William Godwin;education
Government will not fail to employ education, to strengthen its hands, and perpetuate its institutions.;William Godwin;education
My mother is a professor of early childhood education. When I was two she would say she knew I was going to be an actor.;Matt Damon;education
Education is the cornerstone of our communities and our country.;Bill Frist;education
And what is liberty, whose very name makes the heart beat faster and shakes the world? Is it not the union of all liberties - liberty of conscience, of education, of association, of the press, of travel, or labor, or trade?;Frederic Bastiat;education
The real fight is about what should be in the marketplace and what should not. Should education be a marketable commodity? Should healthcare?;Susan George;education
What is defeat? Nothing but education. Nothing but the first step to something better.;Wendell Phillips;education
An arts education helps build academic skills and increase academic performance, while also providing alternative opportunities to reward the skills of children who learn differently.;Gavin Newsom;education
The dream doesn't lie in victimization or blame it lies in hard work, determination and a good education.;Alphonso Jackson;education
As a former recipient of these services I can honestly say that the overwhelming majority of TANF recipients are hard-working Americans who are down on their luck, and just want an opportunity to better their lives and those of their family through work and access to education.;Gwen Moore;education
But the fact is, no matter how good the teacher, how small the class, how focused on quality education the school may be none of this matters if we ignore the individual needs of our students.;Roy Barnes;education
When women earn the money for the family, everyone in the family benefits. We also know that when women have an income, everyone wins because women dedicate 90% of the income to health, education, to food security, to the children, to the family, or to the community, so when women have an income, everybody wins.;Michelle Bachelet;education
One of the factors a country's economy depends on is human capital. If you don't provide women with adequate access to healthcare, education and employment, you lose at least half of your potential. So, gender equality and women's empowerment bring huge economic benefits.;Michelle Bachelet;education
I think we were raised in a nice Texas Jewish family where education was the most important thing, and close behind that was the arts. It was emphasized and expected that we'd play piano.;Lisa Loeb;education
'Friends' was an education in intelligent comedic banter in intelligent vernacular. It was an education in scene study. It was an education in group dynamic. I came out of there with a master's degree in comedy.;Matt LeBlanc;education
About half my work in education is U.S. political reform around school districts and charter schools, and creating more room for entrepreneurial organizations to develop. And about half on technology, which I look at as a global platform.;Reed Hastings;education
What's got me excited about the education space is the growth of the Internet over the next 10, 20, 30 years.;Reed Hastings;education
Competitiveness is really what it costs you per man-hour to get you what you want. In other words, there's an education level that plays into the mix and so if it's inexpensive to buy an hour of real good education in places like China versus the U.S., that factors in.;Ray Dalio;education
I was really fortunate growing up to have a broad musical education. My parents listened to all kinds of music, rock, soul, Motown, jazz, Frank Sinatra, everything.;Mayer Hawthorne;education
A liberal education... frees a man from the prison-house of his class, race, time, place, background, family and even his nation.;Robert M. Hutchins;education
Many thousands of youth have been deprived of the benefit of education thereby, their morals ruined, and talents irretrievably lost to society, for want of cultivation: while two parties have been idly contending who should bestow it.;Joseph Lancaster;education
When I enrolled in college at age 19, I had a total of eight years of formal classroom education. As a result, I was not comfortable with formal lectures and receiving regular homework assignments.;Philip Emeagwali;education
I believe that access to a university education should be based on the ability to learn, not what people can afford. I think there is no more nauseating a sight than politicians pulling up the ladder of opportunity behind them.;Charles Kennedy;education
I want to see far more decisions taken far closer to the patients, the passengers and the pupils. Far more power for locally and regionally elected politicians who understand best the needs of their areas. And far more say too for the dedicated staff at all levels in health and education.;Charles Kennedy;education
Further Education should be about the ability to learn, not the ability to pay - everyone who is able should have the opportunity, regardless of their family background. I don't want to see students struggling with huge debts or frightened off even going to university in the first place.;Charles Kennedy;education
But I like going to church. If you've been brought up in the Church of England, it feels like visiting an elderly relative. And I think it's important that part of the kids' education is knowing about the Bible.;Jack Dee;education
A good education is usually harmful to a dancer. A good calf is better than a good head.;Agnes de Mille;education
In Mexico, theater is very underground, so if you're a theater actor it's very difficult to make a living. But it's also a very beautiful pathway to knowledge and to an open education.;Gael Garcia Bernal;education
I really owe everything to my parents and their devotion and drive to see to it that their children had the education which led to the opportunities that they never were able to have.;George J. Mitchell;education
I don't want to scrounge around and be homeless, and I want to finish my education.;Callan McAuliffe;education
It is just called Continuing Legal Education. You can go to lectures, you can even listen to tapes on airplanes - they want you to stay current. So you do have to stay current to maintain your license even if you are not practicing.;Frank Shorter;education
Education makes us more stupid than the brutes. A thousand voices call to us on every hand, but our ears are stopped with wisdom.;Jean Giraudoux;education
At any rate, girls are differently situated. Having no need of deep scientific knowledge, their education is confined more to the ordinary things of the world, the study of the fine arts, and of the manners and dispositions of people.;William John Wills;education
Making the City Of Joy gave me the best political education of my life. It became a wrestling match between an Englishman who had gradually ceased to be a Marxist, and a culture that was becoming more Marxist by the day.;Roland Joffe;education
In my home State of Louisiana, several institutions of higher education have been impacted by both Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, literally dozens across the entire State.;Bobby Jindal;education
Poorer students take out larger loans and will have to contribute more to the cost of higher education.;Anne Campbell;education
There is still a lot of misinformation being spread about higher education funding arrangements under the new Act. The students page on my website sets out the main points in the Act.;Anne Campbell;education
Money spent on carbon cuts is money we can't use for effective investments in food aid, micronutrients, HIV/AIDS prevention, health and education infrastructure, and clean water and sanitation.;Bjorn Lomborg;education
And really, the basis, I think, of achieving some success in what I want to do today comes from my mother's push to get me to read and to make something of myself from the standpoint of an education.;Sam Donaldson;education
The amount of money we spend on education is important, but not nearly as important as how the money is spent.;Bob Riley;education
Ladies and gentlemen: There can be no greater investment in Alabama's future than an investment in education.;Bob Riley;education
I wouldn't be where I am today without the amazing public arts education that I had.;Matthew Morrison;education
The Obama administration now has regulations that tells them that they can no longer promote marriage to these young girls. They can no longer promote marriage as a way of avoiding poverty and bad choices that they make in their life. They can no longer even teach abstinence education. They have to be neutral with respect to how people behave.;Rick Santorum;education
