Well, I'm in my 60s now. I finally look it, I think. People until I was 60 would always say they thought I looked younger, which I think, without flattering myself, I did, but I think I certainly have, as George Orwell says people do after a certain age, the face they deserve.;Christopher Hitchens;age
'Bombing Afghanistan back into the Stone Age' was quite a favourite headline for some wobbly liberals. The slogan does all the work. But an instant's thought shows that Afghanistan is being, if anything, bombed out of the Stone Age.;Christopher Hitchens;age
Oh, if I had been loved at the age of seventeen, what an idiot I would be today. Happiness is like smallpox: if you catch it too soon, it can completely ruin your constitution.;Gustave Flaubert;age
English people don't have very good diction. In France you have to pronounce very particularly and clearly, and learning French at an early age helped me enormously.;Vivien Leigh;age
Children also have artistic ability, and there is wisdom in there having it! The more helpless they are, the more instructive are the examples they furnish us and they must be preserved free of corruption from an early age.;Paul Klee;age
Of course, the ideal scenario for parenting is obviously two parents of a mature age.;Jennifer Aniston;age
You know what makes me feel old? When I see girls who are 20-something, or the new crop of actresses, and think, Aren't we kind of the same age?;Jennifer Aniston;age
I think love can happen at any age... it has no age.;Shahrukh Khan;age
Elizabeth Peyton, the artist known for tiny, dazzling portraits of radiant youth, is now painting tiny, dazzling portraits of radiant middle age.;Jerry Saltz;age
I'm inspired by people who keep on rolling, no matter their age.;Jimmy Buffett;age
By Time and Age full many things are taught.;Aeschylus;age
I was taught from a young age that I had to serve, so that turned into me thinking I had to save the planet.;Alanis Morissette;age
If you've got to my age, you've probably had your heart broken many times. So it's not that difficult to unpack a bit of grief from some little corner of your heart and cry over it.;Emma Thompson;age
My mother enjoyed old age, and because of her I've begun to enjoy parts of it too. So far I've had it good and am crumbling nicely.;Lionel Blue;age
We're saying no changes for Medicare for people above the age of 55. And in order to keep the promise to current seniors who've already retired and organized their lives around this program, you have to reform it for the next generation.;Paul Ryan;age
It's sad, actually, because my anxiety keeps me from enjoying things as much as I should at this age.;Amanda Seyfried;age
I felt a tremendous sadness for men who can't deal with a woman of their own age.;Michael Caine;age
This is the first convention of the space age - where a candidate can promise the moon and mean it.;David Brinkley;age
Revenge is the naked idol of the worship of a semi-barbarous age.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;age
I think I don't regret a single 'excess' of my responsive youth - I only regret, in my chilled age, certain occasions and possibilities I didn't embrace.;Henry James;age
Our Age of Anxiety is, in great part, the result of trying to do today's job with yesterday's tools and yesterday's concepts.;Marshall McLuhan;age
I'll tell you, there is nothing better in life than being a late bloomer. I believe that success can happen at any time and at any age.;Salma Hayek;age
Man arrives as a novice at each age of his life.;Nicolas Chamfort;age
Live your life and forget your age.;Jean Paul;age
I can't look in the mirror and look at fake things. I just can't. I'd rather age.;Heidi Klum;age
The surest sign of age is loneliness.;Annie Dillard;age
Learning to dislike children at an early age saves a lot of expense and aggravation later in life.;Robert Byrne;age
Confidence is something you're born with. I know I had loads of it even at the age of 15.;Hedy Lamarr;age
We accumulate our opinions at an age when our understanding is at its weakest.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;age
I got to experience soccer at the highest level at a young age I decided I wanted to be part of that for as long as possible.;Mia Hamm;age
Living in an age of advertisement, we are perpetually disillusioned. The perfect life is spread before us every day, but it changes and withers at a touch.;J. B. Priestley;age
Age, like distance lends a double charm.;Oliver Herford;age
Utility is the great idol of the age, to which all powers must do service and all talents swear allegiance.;Friedrich Schiller;age
Anyone who writes an autobiographical work at the age of 34 is, at best, presumptuous. It occurred to me that it was time to set the record straight.;Jessica Savitch;age
New needs need new techniques. And the modern artists have found new ways and new means of making their statements... the modern painter cannot express this age, the airplane, the atom bomb, the radio, in the old forms of the Renaissance or of any other past culture.;Jackson Pollock;age
One of the tough things about being an actor, probably the hardest thing, is getting your foot in the door, and my father handled that for me at a very early age.;Jeff Bridges;age
Any role that big is going to be a challenge for any actor, but for an actor of a young age, it's going to be even tougher.;Jeff Bridges;age
Now is the age of anxiety.;W. H. Auden;age
I think it's pretty crazy to say you've been typecast at the age of 20 before you've even really started getting going.;Tom Felton;age
At the age of four with paper hats and wooden swords we're all Generals. Only some of us never grow out of it.;Peter Ustinov;age
My inspiration was my mom. She's a great cook, and she still cooks, and we still banter back and forth about cooking. Growing up in a mostly Portuguese community, food was important and the family table was extremely important. At a very young age I understood that.;Emeril Lagasse;age
The great book for you is the book that has the most to say to you at the moment when you are reading. I do not mean the book that is most instructive, but the book that feeds your spirit. And that depends on your age, your experience, your psychological and spiritual need.;Robertson Davies;age
Age gives you a great sense of proportion. You can be very hard on yourself when you're younger but now I just think 'well everybody's absolutely mad and I'm doing quite well'.;Steven Morrissey;age
If the nineteenth century was the age of the editorial chair, ours is the century of the psychiatrist's couch.;Marshall McLuhan;age
American youth attributes much more importance to arriving at driver's license age than at voting age.;Marshall McLuhan;age
I think a child should be allowed to take his father's or mother's name at will on coming of age. Paternity is a legal fiction.;James Joyce;age
Old age is the most unexpected of all things that happen to a man.;Leon Trotsky;age
You get to a certain age where you prepare yourself for happiness. Sometimes you never remember to actually get happy.;John Mayer;age
Being a father at a later age is different from when I had my other two daughters when I was in my 20s and 30s. If you're in your 60s and you're with the kid every day, you're dealing with the mind of a child, so it opens up that childishness in you again.;Martin Scorsese;age
A moment comes, which comes but rarely in history, when we step out from the old to the new when an age ends and when the soul of a nation long suppressed finds utterance.;Jawaharlal Nehru;age
There is nothing in socialism that a little age or a little money will not cure.;Will Durant;age
If you age with somebody, you go through so many roles - you're lovers, friends, enemies, colleagues, strangers you're brother and sister. That's what intimacy is, if you're with your soulmate.;Cate Blanchett;age
With age, you see people fail more. You see yourself fail more. How do you keep that fearlessness of a kid? You keep going. Luckily, I'm not afraid to make a fool of myself.;Hugh Jackman;age
I'm not skinny for the wrong reasons. It's not because I'm bulimic or anorexic or doing drugs. Compared to a lot of actresses my age, I'm actually overweight.;Lindsay Lohan;age
It seems that when you get to a certain age you almost give yourself permission to misbehave and say what you think. People allow it, with very old people.;Julie Walters;age
I'm not as far along as Jack Nicklaus was at this age, but I'm trying.;Tiger Woods;age
When superstition is allowed to perform the task of old age in dulling the human temperament, we can say goodbye to all excellence in poetry, in painting, and in music.;Denis Diderot;age
Peace is the one condition of survival in this nuclear age.;Adlai E. Stevenson;age
What could be more beautiful than a dear old lady growing wise with age? Every age can be enchanting, provided you live within it.;Brigitte Bardot;age
You'd think that in this age, especially in the 21st century - especially with all the technology and all the discoveries that we've made - that we would figure out how to tackle abuse.;Tori Amos;age
Here comes 40. I'm feeling my age and I've ordered the Ferrari. I'm going to get the whole mid-life crisis package.;Keanu Reeves;age
At a young age winning is not the most important thing... the important thing is to develop creative and skilled players with good confidence.;Arsene Wenger;age
We live in an age where the artist is forgotten. He is a researcher. I see myself that way.;David Hockney;age
I lived the true American dream, because I was able to pursue what I set as my goals at a very young age.;Mario Andretti;age
Everybody looks like clones and the only people you notice are my age. I don't notice anybody unless they look great, and every now and again they do, and they are usually 70.;Vivienne Westwood;age
Photography suits the temper of this age - of active bodies and minds. It is a perfect medium for one whose mind is teeming with ideas, imagery, for a prolific worker who would be slowed down by painting or sculpting, for one who sees quickly and acts decisively, accurately.;Edward Weston;age
I never - you know also one of the things that would save me for a man my age, it was not that easy to lose that much weight and fall down and look like something draped.;Karl Lagerfeld;age
I wish I'd gotten sober at a younger age.;Janice Dickinson;age
Middle Age is that perplexing time of life when we hear two voices calling us, one saying, 'Why not?' and the other, 'Why bother?';Sydney J. Harris;age
Save your money. You're going to need twice as much money in your old age as you think.;Michael Caine;age
If you read back in the Bible, the letter of the apostle Paul to the church of Thessalonia, he said that in the latter days before the end of the age that the Earth would be caught up in what he called the birth pangs of a new order.;Pat Robertson;age
There is no self-knowledge but an historical one. No one knows what he himself is who does not know his fellow men, especially the most prominent one of the community, the master's master, the genius of the age.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;age
Middle age is when your old classmates are so grey and wrinkled and bald they don't recognize you.;Bennett Cerf;age
In this electronic age we see ourselves being translated more and more into the form of information, moving toward the technological extension of consciousness.;Marshall McLuhan;age
You can judge your age by the amount of pain you feel when you come in contact with a new idea.;Pearl S. Buck;age
The sanitary and mechanical age we are now entering makes up for the mercy it grants to our sense of smell by the ferocity with which it assails our sense of hearing.;Havelock Ellis;age
Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else.;Ogden Nash;age
There are people whose watch stops at a certain hour and who remain permanently at that age.;Helen Rowland;age
My justification is that most people my age spend a lot of time thinking about what they're going to do for the next five or ten years. The time they spend thinking about their life, I just spend drinking.;Amy Winehouse;age
They that have lived a single day have lived an age.;Jean de la Bruyere;age
From the age of fifteen, dogma has been the fundamental principle of my religion: I know no other religion I cannot enter into the idea of any other sort of religion religion, as a mere sentiment, is to me a dream and a mockery.;John Henry Newman;age
The class distinctions proper to a democratic society are not those of rank or money, still less, as is apt to happen when these are abandoned, of race, but of age.;W. H. Auden;age
Old age, calm, expanded, broad with the haughty breadth of the universe, old age flowing free with the delicious near-by freedom of death.;Edith Wharton;age
We are living in the machine age. For the first time in history the comedian has been compelled to supply himself with jokes and comedy material to compete with the machine. Whether he knows it or not, the comedian is on a treadmill to oblivion.;Fred Allen;age
At a certain age it just became apparent to me that this was probably the work that I would have to do.;Daniel Day-Lewis;age
Genius is present in every age, but the men carrying it within them remain benumbed unless extraordinary events occur to heat up and melt the mass so that it flows forth.;Denis Diderot;age
Every age needs men who will redeem the time by living with a vision of the things that are to be.;Adlai E. Stevenson;age
I would like to see more airplay for all artists, no matter what age. I think there's a lot of money being spent toward the young guys, but a lot of the older guys are the ones who blazed the trail for those young guys.;Willie Nelson;age
In my old age, I'll be in L.A.;David Hockney;age
I shall not grow conservative with age.;Elizabeth Cady Stanton;age
I first learned that there were black people living in some place called other than the United States in the western hemisphere when I was a very little boy, and my father told me that when he was a boy about my age, he wanted to be an Episcopal priest, because he so admired his priest, a black man from someplace called Haiti.;Henry Louis Gates;age
Why should 20-year-olds only be considered sexy? I think we get better with age.;Jenny McCarthy;age
I saw how many people were poor and how many kids my age went to school hungry in the morning, which I don't think most of my contemporaries in racially segregated schools in the South thought very much about at the time.;Charles Kuralt;age
When you get to my age life seems little more than one long march to and from the lavatory.;A. C. Benson;age
I think, if you put a camera in anyone's life and document it daily from the age of 21 to 27, there are going to be things that aren't always pretty.;Sienna Miller;age
Non-disclosure in the Internet Age is quickly perceived as a breach of trust. Government, corporations and each of us as individuals must recalibrate how we live and share our lives appropriate to the information now available and the expectations of others.;Simon Mainwaring;age
Where children are, there is the golden age.;Novalis;age
Sure I played, did you think I was born at the age of 70 sitting in a dugout trying to manage guys like you?;Casey Stengel;age
To be free in an age like ours, one must be in a position of authority. That in itself would be enough to make me ambitious.;Hannah Arendt;age
