Society therefore is an ancient as the world.;Voltaire;society
There is no such thing as society: there are individual men and women, and there are families.;Margaret Thatcher;society
Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;society
In a decaying society, art, if it is truthful, must also reflect decay. And unless it wants to break faith with its social function, art must show the world as changeable. And help to change it.;Ernst Fischer;society
I'm trying to make God more relevant in our society.;Joel Osteen;society
I think the teaching profession contributes more to the future of our society than any other single profession.;John Wooden;society
A society made up of individuals who were all capable of original thought would probably be unendurable.;H. L. Mencken;society
In a higher phase of communist society... only then can the narrow horizon of bourgeois right be fully left behind and society inscribe on its banners: from each according to his ability, to each according to his needs.;Karl Marx;society
I feel like sometimes that I was not meant for this society.;Mike Tyson;society
Unlike a drop of water which loses its identity when it joins the ocean, man does not lose his being in the society in which he lives. Man's life is independent. He is born not for the development of the society alone, but for the development of his self.;B. R. Ambedkar;society
Princes and governments are far more dangerous than other elements within society.;Niccolo Machiavelli;society
If we had any nerve at all, if we had any real balls as a society, or whatever you need, whatever quality you need, real character, we would make an effort to really address the wrongs in this society, righteously.;Jerry Garcia;society
The ultimate test of a moral society is the kind of world that it leaves to its children.;Dietrich Bonhoeffer;society
We are trying to construct a more inclusive society. We are going to make a country in which no one is left out.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;society
Society is a republic. When an individual tries to lift themselves above others, they are dragged down by the mass, either by ridicule or slander.;Victor Hugo;society
Although I don't have a prescription for what others should do, I know I have been very fortunate and feel a responsibility to give back to society in a very significant way.;Bill Gates;society
Ages of experience have taught humanity that the commitment of a husband and wife to love and to serve one another promotes the welfare of children and the stability of society.;Jack Kingston;society
Society is like a stew. If you don't stir it up every once in a while then a layer of scum floats to the top.;Edward Abbey;society
Society is at odds with itself.;Clint Eastwood;society
Our modern society - especially in the West, and especially now - reveres youth.;Clint Eastwood;society
I will spend the next four years rebuilding the foundation of a opportunity society led by free people and free enterprises.;Mitt Romney;society
It's no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;society
When a nation goes down, or a society perishes, one condition may always be found they forgot where they came from. They lost sight of what had brought them along.;Carl Sandburg;society
Law represents the effort of man to organize society governments, the efforts of selfishness to overthrow liberty.;Henry Ward Beecher;society
I feel bad about my outlook, how I feel about people and society, and that I'll never be part of society the way I should.;Mike Tyson;society
The most important element of a free society, where individual rights are held in the highest esteem, is the rejection of the initiation of violence.;Ron Paul;society
In bourgeois society capital is independent and has individuality, while the living person is dependent and has no individuality.;Karl Marx;society
Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family.;Kofi Annan;society
A first-generation fortune is the most likely to be given away, but once a fortune is inherited it's less likely that a very high percentage will go back to society.;Bill Gates;society
A great man is different from an eminent one in that he is ready to be the servant of the society.;B. R. Ambedkar;society
Civilized society is perpetually menaced with disintegration through this primary hostility of men towards one another.;Sigmund Freud;society
Nothing brings me more happiness than trying to help the most vulnerable people in society. It is a goal and an essential part of my life - a kind of destiny. Whoever is in distress can call on me. I will come running wherever they are.;Princess Diana;society
Freedom in art, freedom in society, this is the double goal towards which all consistent and logical minds must strive.;Victor Hugo;society
I have a total irreverence for anything connected with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger, the food cheaper and the old men and old women warmer in the winter and happier in the summer.;Brendan Behan;society
I think the first duty of society is justice.;Alexander Hamilton;society
We won't have a society if we destroy the environment.;Margaret Mead;society
In order to acquire a growing and lasting respect in society, it is a good thing, if you possess great talent, to give, early in your youth, a very hard kick to the right shin of the society that you love. After that, be a snob.;Salvador Dali;society
Suspicion is the companion of mean souls, and the bane of all good society.;Thomas Paine;society
Society does not consist of individuals but expresses the sum of interrelations, the relations within which these individuals stand.;Karl Marx;society
I believe the home and marriage is the foundation of our society and must be protected.;Billy Graham;society
We're a diverse society, and I think the TV is doing a great job in showing that we're all human beings, that we can all get along, that we can all be together, and I think that's a marvelous thing.;Billy Graham;society
Capital is reckless of the health or length of life of the laborer, unless under compulsion from society.;Karl Marx;society
I think people are born bisexual and the make subconscious choices based on the pressures of society. I have no question in my mind about being bisexual. But I'm also a hypocrite: I would never date a girl who is bisexual, because that means they also sleep with men, and men are so dirty that I'd never sleep with a girl who had slept with a man.;Megan Fox;society
In a capitalist society, persons who create capital, like Michael Eisner, are given the staggering rewards.;Carroll O'Connor;society
Freedom in capitalist society always remains about the same as it was in ancient Greek republics: Freedom for slave owners.;Vladimir Lenin;society
The family is the first essential cell of human society.;Pope John XXIII;society
It is change, continuing change, inevitable change, that is the dominant factor in society today. No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be.;Isaac Asimov;society
Radical changes in world politics leave America with a heightened responsibility to be, for the world, an example of a genuinely free, democratic, just and humane society.;Pope John Paul II;society
When I read about the way in which library funds are being cut and cut, I can only think that American society has found one more way to destroy itself.;Isaac Asimov;society
Unfortunately, our affluent society has also been an effluent society.;Hubert H. Humphrey;society
I think we have to face the reality that in a society where there is a legitimate threat of terrorism, not being able to see one's face, not being able to have some sense of communication in that way, is for many societies a challenge.;Hillary Clinton;society
We are all murderers and prostitutes - no matter to what culture, society, class, nation one belongs, no matter how normal, moral, or mature, one takes oneself to be.;R. D. Laing;society
I was in civil society long before I was ever in politics or my husband was ever even elected president.;Hillary Clinton;society
If those in charge of our society - politicians, corporate executives, and owners of press and television - can dominate our ideas, they will be secure in their power. They will not need soldiers patrolling the streets. We will control ourselves.;Howard Zinn;society
When we become a really mature, grown-up, wise society, we will put teachers at the center of the community, where they belong. We don't honor them enough, we don't pay them enough.;Charles Kuralt;society
In our society, the women who break down barriers are those who ignore limits.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;society
The ideas of the ruling class are in every epoch the ruling ideas, i.e., the class which is the ruling material force of society, is at the same time its ruling intellectual force.;Karl Marx;society
Those people who develop the ability to continuously acquire new and better forms of knowledge that they can apply to their work and to their lives will be the movers and shakers in our society for the indefinite future.;Brian Tracy;society
The fundamental defect of fathers, in our competitive society, is that they want their children to be a credit to them.;Bertrand Russell;society
Progressive art can assist people to learn not only about the objective forces at work in the society in which they live, but also about the intensely social character of their interior lives. Ultimately, it can propel people toward social emancipation.;Salvador Dali;society
Justice is itself the great standing policy of civil society and any eminent departure from it, under any circumstances, lies under the suspicion of being no policy at all.;Edmund Burke;society
Mystical references to society and its programs to help may warm the hearts of the gullible but what it really means is putting more power in the hands of bureaucrats.;Thomas Sowell;society
Land: A part of the earth's surface, considered as property. The theory that land is property subject to private ownership and control is the foundation of modern society, and is eminently worthy of the superstructure.;Ambrose Bierce;society
Our society must make it right and possible for old people not to fear the young or be deserted by them, for the test of a civilization is the way that it cares for its helpless members.;Pearl S. Buck;society
The paradox of education is precisely this - that as one begins to become conscious one begins to examine the society in which he is being educated.;James A. Baldwin;society
Girls are the future mothers of our society, and it is important that we focus on their well-being.;Miriam Makeba;society
The human being is in the most literal sense a political animal, not merely a gregarious animal, but an animal which can individuate itself only in the midst of society.;Karl Marx;society
A society deadened by a smothering network of laws while finding release in moral chaos is not likely to be either happy or stable.;Robert Bork;society
A good person can make another person good it means that goodness will elicit goodness in the society other persons will also be good.;Bhumibol Adulyadej;society
We don't need a weakened government but a strong government that would take responsibility for the rights of the individual and care for the society as a whole.;Vladimir Putin;society
Society can overlook murder, adultery or swindling it never forgives preaching of a new gospel.;Edmund Burke;society
Well first of all, tell me, is there some society you know of that doesn't run on greed? You think Russia doesn't run on greed? You think China doesn't run on greed? What is greed?;Milton Friedman;society
Nobility is a graceful ornament to the civil order. It is the Corinthian capital of polished society.;Edmund Burke;society
If a man be gloomy let him keep to himself. No one has the right to go croaking about society, or what is worse, looking as if he stifled grief.;Benjamin Disraeli;society
The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice, it is conformity.;Rollo May;society
There are a great many men valued in society who have nothing to recommend them but serviceable vices.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;society
Am I a criminal? The world knows I'm not a criminal. What are they trying to put me in jail for? You've lost common sense in this society because of religious fanaticism and dogma.;Jack Kevorkian;society
Music is always a commentary on society.;Frank Zappa;society
Before I do anything, I think, well what hasn't been seen. Sometimes, that turns out to be something ghastly and not fit for society. And sometimes that inspiration becomes something that's really worthwhile.;Jim Carrey;society
Prices are important not because money is considered paramount but because prices are a fast and effective conveyor of information through a vast society in which fragmented knowledge must be coordinated.;Thomas Sowell;society
A just laicism allows religious freedom. The state does not impose religion but rather gives space to religions with a responsibility toward civil society, and therefore it allows these religions to be factors in building up society.;Joseph Ratzinger;society
The only society I like is rough and tough, and the tougher the better. There's where you get down to bedrock and meet human people.;Robert W. Service;society
It is in war that the State really comes into its own: swelling in power, in number, in pride, in absolute dominion over the economy and the society.;Murray Rothbard;society
That sort of half sigh, which, accompanied by two or three slight nods of the head, is pity's small change in general society.;Charles Dickens;society
If you grow up in the South Bronx today or in south-central Los Angeles or Pittsburgh or Philadelphia, you quickly come to understand that you have been set apart and that there's no will in this society to bring you back into the mainstream.;Jonathan Kozol;society
The test of the morality of a society is what it does for its children.;Dietrich Bonhoeffer;society
Nature makes only dumb animals. We owe the fools to society.;Honore de Balzac;society
Suicide, moreover, was at the time in vogue in Paris: what more suitable key to the mystery of life for a skeptical society?;Honore de Balzac;society
The most violent element in society is ignorance.;Emma Goldman;society
Economy is the basis of society. When the economy is stable, society develops. The ideal economy combines the spiritual and the material, and the best commodities to trade in are sincerity and love.;Morihei Ueshiba;society
Eccentricity has always abounded when and where strength of character had abounded and the amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius, mental vigor, and courage which it contained.;John Stuart Mill;society
A nation is a society united by a delusion about its ancestry and by common hatred of its neighbours.;William Ralph Inge;society
Society bristles with enigmas which look hard to solve. It is a perfect maze of intrigue.;Honore de Balzac;society
Every society honors its live conformists and its dead troublemakers.;Mignon McLaughlin;society
It is difficult to accept death in this society because it is unfamiliar. In spite of the fact that it happens all the time, we never see it.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;society
Life cannot subsist in society but by reciprocal concessions.;Samuel Johnson;society
To act on the belief that we possess the knowledge and the power which enable us to shape the processes of society entirely to our liking, knowledge which in fact we do not possess, is likely to make us do much harm.;Friedrich August von Hayek;society
There couldn't be a society of people who didn't dream. They'd be dead in two weeks.;William S. Burroughs;society
Drugs are merely the most obvious form of addiction in our society. Drug addiction is one of the things that undermines traditional values.;Christopher Lasch;society
