Art is moral passion married to entertainment. Moral passion without entertainment is propaganda, and entertainment without moral passion is television.;Rita Mae Brown;art
Telling lies is a fault in a boy, an art in a lover, an accomplishment in a bachelor, and second-nature in a married man.;Helen Rowland;art
If you are going to break a Law of Art, make the crime interesting.;Mason Cooley;art
The art of pleasing consists in being pleased.;William Hazlitt;art
When science, art, literature, and philosophy are simply the manifestation of personality they are on a level where glorious and dazzling achievements are possible, which can make a man's name live for thousands of years.;Denis Diderot;art
Wherever the art of medicine is loved, there is also a love of humanity.;Hippocrates;art
Art is permitted to survive only if it renounces the right to be different, and integrates itself into the omnipotent realm of the profane.;Theodor Adorno;art
The counterfeit and counterpart of Nature is reproduced in art.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;art
The most seductive thing about art is the personality of the artist himself.;Paul Cezanne;art
The art of Peace I practice has room for each of the world's eight million gods, and I cooperate with them all. The God of Peace is very great and enjoins all that is divine and enlightened in every land.;Morihei Ueshiba;art
I like it when somebody tells me a story, and I actually really feel that that's becoming like a lost art in American cinema.;Quentin Tarantino;art
There's a lot of thought in art. People get to talk about important things. There's a lot of sex, you know, in art. There's a lot of naked women and men, and there's intrigue, there's fakery. It's a real microcosm of the larger world.;Steve Martin;art
You want to be a bit compulsive in your art or craft or whatever you do.;Steve Martin;art
I'm enamored with the art world. Anytime you look at anything that's considered artistic, there's a commercial world around it: the ballet, opera, any kind of music. It can't exist without it.;Steve Martin;art
Art at its most significant is a Distant Early Warning System that can always be relied on to tell the old culture what is beginning to happen to it.;Marshall McLuhan;art
Most works of art, like most wines, ought to be consumed in the district of their fabrication.;Simone Weil;art
Art is why I get up in the morning but my definition ends there. You know I don't think its fair that I'm living for something I can't even define.;Ani DiFranco;art
People believe that photographs are true and therefore cannot be art.;Mason Cooley;art
Art seduces, but does not exploit.;Mason Cooley;art
Art is the most beautiful deception of all. And although people try to incorporate the everyday events of life in it, we must hope that it will remain a deception lest it become a utilitarian thing, sad as a factory.;Claude Debussy;art
To the man who loves art for its own sake, it is frequently in its least important and lowliest manifestations that the keenest pleasure is to be derived.;Arthur Conan Doyle;art
Film will only became an art when its materials are as inexpensive as pencil and paper.;Jean Cocteau;art
In art and dream may you proceed with abandon. In life may you proceed with balance and stealth.;Patti Smith;art
Building art is a synthesis of life in materialised form. We should try to bring in under the same hat not a splintered way of thinking, but all in harmony together.;Alvar Aalto;art
Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets. Imagination without skill gives us modern art.;Tom Stoppard;art
An art which isn't based on feeling isn't an art at all.;Paul Cezanne;art
The knowledge of God is the cause of things. For the knowledge of God is to all creatures what the knowledge of the artificer is to things made by his art.;Thomas Aquinas;art
I can't satisfy myself with just trying to tie all of my imagination into music, especially when music is not appreciated as an art form as much as it used to be.;Marilyn Manson;art
Art gives me the freedom I don't have when I make music.;Marilyn Manson;art
The idea is, if I can't heal from my art, then how can you heal?;Maynard James Keenan;art
Riding a race bike is an art - a thing that you do because you feel something inside.;Valentino Rossi;art
I try to keep a low profile in general. Not with my art, but just as a person.;Alanis Morissette;art
In general it can be said that a nation's art is greatest when it most reflects the character of its people.;Edward Hopper;art
At the University of Maryland, my first year I started off planning to major in art because I was interested in theatre design, stage design or television design.;Jim Henson;art
What an artist is trying to do for people is bring them closer to something, because of course art is about sharing. You wouldn't be an artist unless you wanted to share an experience, a thought.;David Hockney;art
What is art? Prostitution.;Charles Baudelaire;art
Art is not what you see, but what you make others see.;Edgar Degas;art
Design is the method of putting form and content together. Design, just as art, has multiple definitions there is no single definition. Design can be art. Design can be aesthetics. Design is so simple, that's why it is so complicated.;Paul Rand;art
I don't have anything to say about other people's art and their work.;Dolly Parton;art
Patience is the art of concealing your impatience.;Guy Kawasaki;art
The screen is a magic medium. It has such power that it can retain interest as it conveys emotions and moods that no other art form can hope to tackle.;Stanley Kubrick;art
For his heart was in his work, and the heart giveth grace unto every art.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;art
Resolve and thou art free.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;art
Art is a harmony parallel with nature.;Paul Cezanne;art
Film as dream, film as music. No art passes our conscience in the way film does, and goes directly to our feelings, deep down into the dark rooms of our souls.;Ingmar Bergman;art
I do not want art for a few any more than education for a few, or freedom for a few.;William Morris;art
The style of ancient Egyptian art is transcendently clear, something 8-year-olds can recognize in an instant. Its consistency and codification is one of the most epic visual journeys in all art, one that lasts 30 dynasties spread over 3,000 years.;Jerry Saltz;art
Egotism: The art of seeing in yourself what others cannot see.;George V. Higgins;art
A work of art has no importance whatever to society. It is only important to the individual.;Vladimir Nabokov;art
I don't think any movie or any book or any work of art can solve the stalemate in the Middle East today. But it's certainly worth a try.;Steven Spielberg;art
I think that one's art is a growth inside one. I do not think one can explain growth. It is silent and subtle. One does not keep digging up a plant to see how it grows.;Emily Carr;art
It is a sad fact about our culture that a poet can earn much more money writing or talking about his art than he can by practicing it.;W. H. Auden;art
After a few months in my parents' basement, I took an apartment near the state university, where I discovered both crystal methamphetamine and conceptual art. Either one of these things are dangerous, but in combination they have the potential to destroy entire civilizations.;David Sedaris;art
To know how to grow old is the master work of wisdom, and one of the most difficult chapters in the great art of living.;Herman Melville;art
I had wanted a tape recorder since I was tiny. I thought it was a magic thing. I never got one until just before I went to art school.;Brian Eno;art
It is not hard to understand modern art. If it hangs on a wall it's a painting, and if you can walk around it it's a sculpture.;Tom Stoppard;art
Art is anything you can get away with.;Marshall McLuhan;art
Everything a writer learns about the art or craft of fiction takes just a little away from his need or desire to write at all. In the end he knows all the tricks and has nothing to say.;Raymond Chandler;art
Nature scarcely ever gives us the very best for that we must have recourse to art.;Baltasar Gracian;art
To say nothing, especially when speaking, is half the art of diplomacy.;Will Durant;art
Design in art, is a recognition of the relation between various things, various elements in the creative flux. You can't invent a design. You recognize it, in the fourth dimension. That is, with your blood and your bones, as well as with your eyes.;David Herbert Lawrence;art
Oh literature, oh the glorious Art, how it preys upon the marrow in our bones. It scoops the stuffing out of us, and chucks us aside. Alas!;David Herbert Lawrence;art
Everyone discusses my art and pretends to understand, as if it were necessary to understand, when it is simply necessary to love.;Claude Monet;art
In its most limited sense, modern, art would seem to concern itself only with the technical innovations of the period.;Edward Hopper;art
The question of the value of nationality in art is perhaps unsolvable.;Edward Hopper;art
The trend in some of the contemporary movements in art, but by no means all, seems to deny this ideal and to me appears to lead to a purely decorative conception of painting.;Edward Hopper;art
Life is short, the art long.;Hippocrates;art
Everything that has ever been called folk art has always reflected domination.;Theodor Adorno;art
Music is your own experience, your own thoughts, your wisdom. If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn. They teach you there's a boundary line to music. But, man, there's no boundary line to art.;Charlie Parker;art
My age and health will never allow me to realize the dream of art I've been pursuing all my life.;Paul Cezanne;art
Don't be an art critic. Paint. There lies salvation.;Paul Cezanne;art
Film editing is now something almost everyone can do at a simple level and enjoy it, but to take it to a higher level requires the same dedication and persistence that any art form does.;Walter Murch;art
Love and business and family and religion and art and patriotism are nothing but shadows of words when a man's starving!;O. Henry;art
It ought to be illegal for an artist to marry. If the artist must marry let him find someone more interested in art, or his art, or the artist part of him, than in him. After which let them take tea together three times a week.;Ezra Pound;art
It is not in life, but in art that self-fulfillment is to be found.;Wilson Mizner;art
Art lies by its own artifice.;Ovid;art
Art has a double face, of expression and illusion, just like science has a double face: the reality of error and the phantom of truth.;Publilius Syrus;art
Art and works of art do not make an artist sense and enthusiasm and instinct do.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;art
You can't but know that if you can capture the emotions of the audience as well as their minds, the play will work better, because it's a narrative art form.;Tom Stoppard;art
Teachers believe they have a gift for giving it drives them with the same irrepressible drive that drives others to create a work of art or a market or a building.;A. Bartlett Giamatti;art
The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art.;John Lasseter;art
To say the word Romanticism is to say modern art - that is, intimacy, spirituality, color, aspiration towards the infinite, expressed by every means available to the arts.;Charles Baudelaire;art
What strikes me is the fact that in our society, art has become something which is only related to objects, and not to individuals, or to life.;Michel Foucault;art
Art is so subjective, and people can react however they want.;Jennifer Aniston;art
I'm free. I just do what I want, say what I want, say how I feel, and I don't try to hurt nobody. I just try to make sure that I don't compromise my art in any kind of way, and I think people respect that.;Erykah Badu;art
Rumors sound of galleries asking artists for upsized art and more of it. I've heard of photographers asked to print larger to increase the wall power and salability of their work. Everything winds up set to maximum in order to feed the beast.;Jerry Saltz;art
To engage with art, we have to be willing to be wrong, venture outside our psychic comfort zones, suspend disbelief, and remember that art explores and alters consciousness simultaneously.;Jerry Saltz;art
Summer is a great time to visit art museums, which offer the refreshing rinse of swimming pools - only instead of cool water, you immerse yourself in art.;Jerry Saltz;art
I can't bear art that you can walk round and admire. A book should be either a bandit or a rebel or a man in the crowd.;David Herbert Lawrence;art
Since obscenity is the truth of our passion today, it is the only stuff of art - or almost the only stuff.;David Herbert Lawrence;art
The essential function of art is moral. But a passionate, implicit morality, not didactic. A morality which changes the blood, rather than the mind.;David Herbert Lawrence;art
I am more a friend of art than a producer of painting.;Paul Cezanne;art
You say a new era in art is preparing you sensed it coming continue your studies without weakening. God will do the rest.;Paul Cezanne;art
I have nothing to hide in art. The initial force alone can bring anyone to the end he must attain.;Paul Cezanne;art
Is art really the priesthood that demands the pure in heart who belong to it wholly?;Paul Cezanne;art
A frenzied passion for art is a canker that devours everything else.;Charles Baudelaire;art
Evil is done without effort, naturally, it is the working of fate good is always the product of an art.;Charles Baudelaire;art
I didn't grow up thinking of movies as film, or art, but as movies, something to do on a Saturday afternoon.;Sydney Pollack;art
The art of living is the art of knowing how to believe lies.;Cesare Pavese;art
