Whether you think a film will affect society or it's plain entertainment, it's all excellent, it's all noble.;Joaquin Phoenix;society
What is the damnation of hell? To go with that society who have not obeyed His commands.;Joseph Smith, Jr.;society
The belief that the good in American society will finally win out... I don't believe any more.;Elia Kazan;society
There is only one way left to escape the alienation of present day society: to retreat ahead of it.;Roland Barthes;society
Friendship! Mysterious cement of the soul, Sweet'ner of life, and solder of society.;Robert Blair;society
I didn't become leader to transform the Liberal Democrats into an enlarged form of the Electoral Reform Society. It's not the be all and end all for us. There are other very, very key ambitions in politics, not least social mobility and life chances, that I care about as passionately if not more.;Nick Clegg;society
The great drama of Russian history has been between its state and society. Put simply, Russia has always had too much state and not enough society.;Fareed Zakaria;society
Giving women education, work, the ability to control their own income, inherit and own property, benefits the society. If a woman is empowered, her children and her family will be better off. If families prosper, the village prospers, and eventually so does the whole country.;Isabel Allende;society
It is also rarer to find happiness in a man surrounded by the miracles of technology than among people living in the desert of the jungle and who by the standards set by our society would be considered destitute and out of touch.;Thor Heyerdahl;society
The Holocaust also shows us how a combination of events and attitudes can erode a society's democratic values.;Tim Holden;society
At one of the annual conventions of the American Society for Aesthetics much confusion arose when the Society for Anesthetics met at the same time in the same hotel.;Rudolf Arnheim;society
Tolerance is the price we pay for living in a free, pluralistic society.;Robert Casey;society
I started imagining this whole different world. It was a society of musicians, a family I hoped I could belong to one day.;Quincy Jones;society
He has the obligation to society that any human being has. I don't think a satirist has any greater obligation to society than a bricklayer or anybody else.;Shel Silverstein;society
To have a man who can flirt is next thing to indispensable to a leader of society.;Margaret Oliphant;society
An innovation is one of those things that society looks at and says, if we make this part of the way we live and work, it will change the way we live and work.;Dean Kamen;society
I think basically becoming famous has taken the place of going to Heaven in modern society, hasn't it? That's the place where your dreams will come true. It's an act of faith now they think that's going to sort things out.;Jarvis Cocker;society
Yes, all fundamentalists feel that in a secular society, God has been relegated to the margin, to the periphery and they are all in different ways seeking to drag him out of that peripheral position, back to center stage.;Karen Armstrong;society
Like art and politics, gangsterism is a very important avenue of assimilation into society.;E. L. Doctorow;society
Conservatism is a hard choice for a society that has become accustomed to big government and big entitlements promoted by liberals.;Jesse Helms;society
Stories in which the destruction of society occurs are explorations of social fears and issues that filmmakers, novelists, playwrights, painters have been examining for a long time.;J. J. Abrams;society
Writing is a solitary occupation. Family, friends, and society are the natural enemies of the writer. He must be alone, uninterrupted, and slightly savage if he is to sustain and complete an undertaking.;Jessamyn West;society
Statistically and emotionally, I believe that the way I can be of help to society is by doing what I know and what I've been good at.;Tom Peters;society
Even if one is interested only in one's own society, which is one's prerogative, one can understand that society much better by comparing it with others.;Peter L. Berger;society
Television is just one more facet of that considerable segment of our society that never had any standard but the soft buck.;Raymond Chandler;society
Chastity is the cement of civilization and progress. Without it there is no stability in society, and without it one cannot attain the Science of Life.;Mary Baker Eddy;society
If more people were actively engaged in advocating their positions I think we'd have a better society.;Jeb Bush;society
I really think that elected officials should be focused on how you create sustained economic growth, how do you create jobs and all of these issues that made people - segments of our society believe are really important are diversions politically.;Jeb Bush;society
I think we are all interested in end-times ideas and also in the current climate that we are all living in, where money is a little harder to come by, things continue to get expensive gas prices are not too far from people's heads. There are more and more people. Human society's going to have real problems.;Dominic Monaghan;society
What we call a democratic society might be defined for certain purposes as one in which the majority is always prepared to put down a revolutionary minority.;Walter Lippmann;society
What business has science and capitalism got, bringing all these new inventions into the works, before society has produced a generation educated up to using them!;Henrik Ibsen;society
All I can ask from society is that it please stop telling me why I should like sports.;John Hodgman;society
Do you know what we are those of us who count as pillars of society? We are society's tools, neither more nor less.;Henrik Ibsen;society
A society that thinks the choice between ways of living is just a choice between equally eligible 'lifestyles' turns universities into academic cafeterias offering junk food for the mind.;George Will;society
In a civilized society, all crimes are likely to be sins, but most sins are not and ought not to be treated as crimes. Man's ultimate responsibility is to God alone.;Geoffrey Fisher;society
Even the most wretched individual of our present society could not exist and develop without the cumulative social efforts of countless generations.;Mikhail Bakunin;society
Our society's strong emphasis on dieting and self-image can sometimes lead to eating disorders. We know that more than 5 million Americans suffer from eating disorders, most of them young women.;Tipper Gore;society
When you've paid your debt to society, you need to be reconnected and re-engaged in society.;Tom Vilsack;society
Realizing our society as it is, without theology dogmatically telling us how we should react to it, and being humane toward that society, that is all that we're sure of.;Vidal Sassoon;society
The path towards a free society has not been simple. There are tragic and glorious pages in our history.;Vladimir Putin;society
Women have face-lifts in a society in which women without them appear to vanish from sight.;Naomi Wolf;society
My main concern is theater, and theater does not reflect or mirror society. It has been stingy and selfish, and it has to do better.;Anna Deavere Smith;society
When I got out of acting school, I was lucky to have gotten any job at all. A lot of people hiring African American actresses - it was right after 'Roots,' and for society, not me, it was great. Nice richly dark-skinned people was the fashion, and I was not.;Anna Deavere Smith;society
The labor of women in the house, certainly, enables men to produce more wealth than they otherwise could and in this way women are economic factors in society. But so are horses.;Charlotte Perkins Gilman;society
I come from a line of self-motivated, determined folk - not grand, not high society, but no-nonsense, family-minded go-getters.;Bear Grylls;society
Terms like that, 'Humane Society,' are devised with people like me in mind, who don't care to dwell on what happens to the innocent.;Barbara Kingsolver;society
I suppose that is my central obsession. What we owe to society, what we owe to ourselves.;Barbara Kingsolver;society
In a society which is structured the wrong way, piety has no effect.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;society
The progress of society is mainly the improvement in the condition of the workingmen of the world.;Rutherford B. Hayes;society
In a repressive society, a writer can be deeply influential, but in a society that's filled with glut and repetition and endless consumption, the act of terror may be the only meaningful act.;Don DeLillo;society
A person's worth is quite independent of their usefulness to society.;Kjell Magne Bondevik;society
I work with the Humane Society a lot and have three rescue cats.;Ian Somerhalder;society
Terrorism is a psychological warfare. Terrorists try to manipulate us and change our behavior by creating fear, uncertainty, and division in society.;Patrick J. Kennedy;society
All of us in society are supposed to believe that cruelty to animals is wrong and that it is a good thing to prevent needless suffering. So if that is true, how can meat be acceptable under any but the most extraordinary circumstances, such as perhaps roasting the bird who died flying into a window?;Ingrid Newkirk;society
In this I-me society, my job is to get people to buy into something bigger than themselves.;Curt Schilling;society
Bulls can do nothing to demand justice. They can only defend themselves as best they can in a fight with a pre-determined ending and die never knowing why they were forced to endure such a painful and prolonged death. It's up to us, as a civilized society, to call for an end to the Running of the Bulls and bullfighting.;Ingrid Newkirk;society
I feel that the Christian experience and the Jewish one have much to give each other. If this open society continues and there is no return to political anti-Semitism, then this encounter, deeper than any theology, may happen.;Lionel Blue;society
I have, in some ways, saved characters that have been marginalized by society by playing them - and having them still have dignity and still survive, still get through it.;Jodie Foster;society
I think as an American society, when we're paying too many taxes or dealing with war, we don't want to see sad things at the movies.;Zoe Saldana;society
But our society does not grant nontraditional forms of intelligence equal recognition, no matter how much it would help us get along or truly enrich our lives.;Joan D. Vinge;society
In Iroquois society, leaders are encouraged to remember seven generations in the past and consider seven generations in the future when making decisions that affect the people.;Wilma Mankiller;society
And I do believe that the way to change a society, to uplift people - not just their spirit, but to uplift their society and economic base - is through education.;Rainn Wilson;society
The word power has such a generally negative implication in our society. What are people talking about? Are they talking about muscles, or control?;James Hillman;society
We're an air bag society that wants guarantees on everything that we buy. We want to be able to take everything back and get another one. We want a 401-k plan and Social Security.;James Hillman;society
The practice of executing such offenders is a relic of the past and is inconsistent with evolving standards of decency in a civilized society.;John Paul Stevens;society
Existentialism is about being a saint without God being your own hero, without all the sanction and support of religion or society.;Anita Brookner;society
My passion for gardening may strike some as selfish, or merely an act of resignation in the face of overwhelming problems that beset the world. It is neither. I have found that each garden is just what Voltaire proposed in Candide: a microcosm of a just and beautiful society.;Andrew Weil;society
My parents were really, really cool about supporting what I wanted to do at a really young age. I think I was about 10 when I caught the bug. They would drive me down to New York if there were auditions. When I was 12, I did this show on Broadway called 'High Society,' so we moved to New York for the run of that.;Anna Kendrick;society
I understand why society, especially American society, is gravitating toward fairy tales, given our economy. We've been exploring the world of witches and wizards for years. We've been exploring the world of vampires for years. Clearly the public - I mean, I feel like all of this was ushered in by 'Harry Potter' - in my own fannish beliefs.;Ginnifer Goodwin;society
I wish the government and the Minister of Justice would address these legal and constitutional arguments, but they refuse to. They want Canadians to go blindly into their brave new world, but it is not wise for a society to move blindly in any direction.;Stockwell Day;society
It appears that the media filters we carry in our heads are like computers: they've been forced to get faster in order to keep up with the demands our high-speed society puts on them.;Roy H. Williams;society
My father always taught me to appreciate what you're fortunate to have and give back to those who need it. No part of our society is more important than the children, especially the ones who need our help.;Dan Marino;society
I would say that no film is apolitical. There are politics in all films. Any film that is anchored in a society, any film that deals with humanity is necessarily political.;Abbas Kiarostami;society
Remember and help America remember that the fellowship of human beings is more important than the fellowship of race and class and gender in a democratic society.;Marian Wright Edelman;society
When a woman earns a dollar, the payback is higher. She'll invest in her children, in their education, health care, and basic needs. The impact of a woman's role in the economy benefits society at large.;Andrea Jung;society
As a proud Catholic, I know the impact that faith-based education can have in our society and have witnessed it first hand in my district.;Joe Baca;society
Before a group can enter the open society, it must first close ranks.;Stokely Carmichael;society
Drama lives on conflict. If you're trying to deal with social issues seriously, there's no way of avoiding violence, which is so present in society.;Michael Haneke;society
Mainstream cinema raises questions only to immediately provide an answer to them, so they can send the spectator home reassured. If we actually had those answers, then society would appear very different from what it is.;Michael Haneke;society
I'm very old-fashioned in some ways because of my father, who thought that being a public servant was an honor. Everyone must find a capacity in which they can serve, because we all benefit from society.;Kathleen Turner;society
There is only one thing more harmful to society than an elected official forgetting the promises he made in order to get elected that's when he doesn't forget them.;John McCarthy;society
I meant that the Chinese people are not aware of their own entrapment. They believe they live in a free society, but don't realize how much they are being monitored and controlled, how much the information they receive is restricted and warped, until they step out of line, that is, and feel the heavy hand of the state fall on them.;Ma Jian;society
A Libertarian society of unfettered individualism spreads its benefits to virtually everyone - not just those who have the resources to seize political power.;Harry Browne;society
The public school has become the established church of secular society.;Ivan Illich;society
I have always maintained that society has no business dictating morality.;Peter Fonda;society
A new sense of shared international responsibility is unmistakable in the voices of the United Nations and its agencies, and in the civil society of thousands of supra-national NGOs.;John Charles Polanyi;society
My foundations support people in the country who care about an open society. It's their work that I'm supporting. So it's not me doing it. But I can empower them. I can support them, and I can help them.;George Soros;society
An open society is a society which allows its members the greatest possible degree of freedom in pursuing their interests compatible with the interests of others.;George Soros;society
I'll never look down on and I love running into actors who say 'Oh yeah, I did a soap.' I say 'Tell me which one!' It's like being a member of a secret society.;Nathan Fillion;society
I don't think people should have boundaries put on them, by themselves or society or another gender, because it's our birthright to experience life in whatever way we feel best suits us.;Hilary Swank;society
By the general process of epic poetry, I mean the way this form of art has constantly responded to the profound needs of the society in which it was made.;Lascelles Abercrombie;society
If I had been elected president in 1948, history would be vastly different. I believe we would have stemmed the growth of Big Government, which had begun with the New Deal and culminated with the Great Society.;Strom Thurmond;society
Every society, all government, and every kind of civil compact therefore, is or ought to be, calculated for the general good and safety of the community.;George Mason;society
I've used drugs that I do consider to be dangerous, drugs that are potentially detrimental to kids and society at large.;Tim Robbins;society
I knew that I did not have to buy into society's notion that I had to be handsome and healthy to be happy. I was in charge of my 'spaceship' and it was my up, my down. I could choose to see this situation as a setback or as a starting point. I chose to begin life again.;Warren Mitchell;society
Australia has an increasingly multicultural society.;Julie Bishop;society
We coin concepts and we use them to analyse and explain nature and society. But we seem to forget, midway, that these concepts are our own constructs and start equating them with reality.;Abdolkarim Soroush;society
Every teenager deals in his or her own sexuality and has to face it and figure out how it can coincide with the rest of their lives in a healthy manner. And try to navigate it in our modern society, which is wrought with stigma and taboo and repression, and sort of as a result, these inner monsters that some teenagers really struggle with.;Ezra Miller;society
And to say that society ought to be governed by the opinion of the wisest and best, though true, is useless. Whose opinion is to decide who are the wisest and best?;Thomas Babington Macaulay;society
