What were once only hopes for the future have now come to pass it is almost exactly 13 years since the overwhelming majority of people in Ireland and Northern Ireland voted in favour of the agreement signed on Good Friday 1998, paving the way for Northern Ireland to become the exciting and inspirational place that it is today.;Queen Elizabeth II;inspirational
I'd like to one day be featured on a list of inspirational people who have made a difference in the world, whether it be helping underprivileged people or putting an end to the poaching of wildlife in Africa.;Candice Swanepoel;inspirational
I hope that at the end of the seven years, people will say that I have been of some inspirational value to them at home in terms of inclusiveness and abroad, I look forward to representing Ireland.;Michael D. Higgins;inspirational
Architecture is not an inspirational business, it's a rational procedure to do sensible and hopefully beautiful things that's all.;Harry Seidler;inspirational
In fact, I wouldn't really call this a Gospel album, I call it more an inspirational album.;Smokey Robinson;inspirational
I grew up in a bookless house - my parents didn't read poetry, so if I hadn't had the chance to experience it at school I'd never have experienced it. But I loved English, and I was very lucky in that I had inspirational English teachers, Miss Scriven and Mr. Walker, and they liked us to learn poems by heart, which I found I loved doing.;Carol Ann Duffy;inspirational
Since we launched the original 'Pop Idol' in England, I've remained close with Simon Fuller. Working as executive producer on 'American idol' for its first seven years not only was an inspirational journey into the heart of American pop culture, it opened my eyes to the untapped potential of the incredibly dynamic young people in this world.;Nigel Lythgoe;inspirational
I think the end goal, hopefully, is to take advantage of the attention I've gotten along the way and use it for good and build some communities, and as I get older I can continue to do things and be surrounded by things that are inspirational to me.;Reggie Watts;inspirational
I love a lot of the New York bands, but Patti Smith stands out. I just read 'Just Kids' and it's an inspirational, well-written account of an emerging New York artist in the late seventies.;James Iha;inspirational
Every song you're trying to find something that going to connect in different ways but for me the songs that I'm really drawn to are inspirational, songs that lift you and that everybody can relate to no matter where you're from.;Rodney Atkins;inspirational
Deacon Jones has been the most inspirational person in my football career.;Jack Youngblood;inspirational
This CD became something of a personal journey for me. The tone of the whole CD is uplifting and inspirational. It's an upper. We have enough downers in the world.;Roma Downey;inspirational
My tastes and inspirational artists were always rather eclectic and diverse.;Taylor Dayne;inspirational
I've done a lot of albums and I kinda know when I'm onto something that was inspirational for me to record and create, and this was one of those projects where I really enjoyed making the album.;Lee Ritenour;inspirational
A concerted effort to preserve our heritage is a vital link to our cultural, educational, aesthetic, inspirational, and economic legacies - all of the things that quite literally make us who we are.;Steve Berry;inspirational
I love inspirational R&ampB, like Mary J. Blige and Jennifer Hudson. I want to do that. That kind of music stays with you.;Ashthon Jones;inspirational
There have been many different artists that have been inspirational. I suppose the question is directed to what was the reason why I went into fantasy illustration.;Boris Vallejo;inspirational
Lee's great gifts are teaching and inspirational guidance, not administration and management.;Cheryl Crawford;inspirational
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.;Albert Einstein;intelligence
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.;Albert Einstein;intelligence
Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.;Albert Einstein;intelligence
Intellectuals solve problems, geniuses prevent them.;Albert Einstein;intelligence
We should take care not to make the intellect our god it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality.;Albert Einstein;intelligence
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.;Henry Ford;intelligence
If we listened to our intellect, we'd never have a love affair. We'd never have a friendship. We'd never go into business, because we'd be cynical. Well, that's nonsense. You've got to jump off cliffs all the time and build your wings on the way down.;Ray Bradbury;intelligence
An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools.;Ernest Hemingway;intelligence
Common sense is not so common.;Voltaire;intelligence
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.;Confucius;intelligence
Ignorance is the curse of God knowledge is the wing wherewith we fly to heaven.;William Shakespeare;intelligence
I choose my friends for their good looks, my acquaintances for their good characters, and my enemies for their intellects. A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies.;Oscar Wilde;intelligence
Be as smart as you can, but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart.;Alan Alda;intelligence
Character is higher than intellect. A great soul will be strong to live as well as think.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;intelligence
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.;Salvador Dali;intelligence
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up.;Mark Twain;intelligence
A woman has to be intelligent, have charm, a sense of humor, and be kind. It's the same qualities I require from a man.;Catherine Deneuve;intelligence
A smart man makes a mistake, learns from it, and never makes that mistake again. But a wise man finds a smart man and learns from him how to avoid the mistake altogether.;Roy H. Williams;intelligence
To expect the unexpected shows a thoroughly modern intellect.;Oscar Wilde;intelligence
I know that I am intelligent, because I know that I know nothing.;Socrates;intelligence
Information is not knowledge.;Albert Einstein;intelligence
Talent hits a target no one else can hit Genius hits a target no one else can see.;Arthur Schopenhauer;intelligence
Action is the real measure of intelligence.;Napoleon Hill;intelligence
If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions?;Scott Adams;intelligence
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.;Stephen Hawking;intelligence
I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb... and I also know that I'm not blonde.;Dolly Parton;intelligence
Common sense is genius dressed in its working clothes.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;intelligence
There are no great limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination, and wonder.;Ronald Reagan;intelligence
All intelligent thoughts have already been thought what is necessary is only to try to think them again.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;intelligence
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;intelligence
When a true genius appears, you can know him by this sign: that all the dunces are in a confederacy against him.;Jonathan Swift;intelligence
Wit is educated insolence.;Aristotle;intelligence
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.;Albert Camus;intelligence
Intelligence is the wife, imagination is the mistress, memory is the servant.;Victor Hugo;intelligence
There is no great genius without a mixture of madness.;Aristotle;intelligence
Genius always finds itself a century too early.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;intelligence
A woman uses her intelligence to find reasons to support her intuition.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;intelligence
Be what you are. This is the first step toward becoming better than you are.;Julius Charles Hare;intelligence
It takes a lot of things to prove you are smart, but only one thing to prove you are ignorant.;Don Herold;intelligence
Genius is the ability to renew one's emotions in daily experience.;Paul Cezanne;intelligence
It is the mark of a truly intelligent person to be moved by statistics.;George Bernard Shaw;intelligence
Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary.;Blaise Pascal;intelligence
I'm not the smartest fellow in the world, but I can sure pick smart colleagues.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;intelligence
The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us.;Bill Watterson;intelligence
I'm an optimist in the sense that I believe humans are noble and honorable, and some of them are really smart. I have a very optimistic view of individuals.;Steve Jobs;intelligence
We have now sunk to a depth at which restatement of the obvious is the first duty of intelligent men.;George Orwell;intelligence
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.;Plutarch;intelligence
Knowledge is love and light and vision.;Helen Keller;intelligence
The brain is like a muscle. When it is in use we feel very good. Understanding is joyous.;Carl Sagan;intelligence
Your intellect may be confused, but your emotions will never lie to you.;Roger Ebert;intelligence
Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.;A. A. Milne;intelligence
An intelligent person is never afraid or ashamed to find errors in his understanding of things.;Bryant H. McGill;intelligence
Smartness runs in my family. When I went to school I was so smart my teacher was in my class for five years.;Gracie Allen;intelligence
What a distressing contrast there is between the radiant intelligence of the child and the feeble mentality of the average adult.;Sigmund Freud;intelligence
Being an intellectual creates a lot of questions and no answers.;Janis Joplin;intelligence
Be smarter than other people, just don't tell them so.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;intelligence
My success was not based so much on any great intelligence but on great common sense.;Helen Gurley Brown;intelligence
An intellectual is a man who takes more words than necessary to tell more than he knows.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;intelligence
Genius is initiative on fire.;Holbrook Jackson;intelligence
The voice of the intellect is a soft one, but it does not rest until it has gained a hearing.;Sigmund Freud;intelligence
Give me a smart idiot over a stupid genius any day.;Samuel Goldwyn;intelligence
There are some ideas so wrong that only a very intelligent person could believe in them.;George Orwell;intelligence
We should not pretend to understand the world only by the intellect. The judgement of the intellect is only part of the truth.;Carl Jung;intelligence
Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain.;Carl Jung;intelligence
Ah! yes, I know: those who see me rarely trust my word: I must look too intelligent to keep it.;Jean-Paul Sartre;intelligence
There is no method but to be very intelligent.;T. S. Eliot;intelligence
The intellect of the wise is like glass it admits the light of heaven and reflects it.;Augustus Hare;intelligence
Genius is more often found in a cracked pot than in a whole one.;E. B. White;intelligence
Every true genius is bound to be naive.;Friedrich Schiller;intelligence
There are only two races on this planet - the intelligent and the stupid.;John Fowles;intelligence
Belief is the death of intelligence.;Robert Anton Wilson;intelligence
We are dealing with the best-educated generation in history. But they've got a brain dressed up with nowhere to go.;Timothy Leary;intelligence
To think is to practice brain chemistry.;Deepak Chopra;intelligence
The intelligent man is one who has successfully fulfilled many accomplishments, and is yet willing to learn more.;Ed Parker;intelligence
Genius ain't anything more than elegant common sense.;Josh Billings;intelligence
Mad, adj. Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence.;Ambrose Bierce;intelligence
Everyone is a genius at least once a year. The real geniuses simply have their bright ideas closer together.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;intelligence
An intellectual is a man who doesn't know how to park a bike.;Spiro T. Agnew;intelligence
God has placed no limits to the exercise of the intellect he has given us, on this side of the grave.;Francis Bacon;intelligence
Always be smarter than the people who hire you.;Lena Horne;intelligence
Like many intellectuals, he was incapable of saying a simple thing in a simple way.;Marcel Proust;intelligence
