Do not trust people. They are capable of greatness.;Stanislaw Lem;business
To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less.;Andre Malraux;business
People will buy anything that is 'one to a customer.';Sinclair Lewis;business
The herd instinct among forecasters makes sheep look like independent thinkers.;Edgar R. Fiedler;business
Look at growth, look at how much time people spend on the Net and look at the variety of things that they are doing. It's all really good, so I am actually encouraged by the fundamentals that underlie usage growth on the Net.;Meg Whitman;business
What we've gone through in the last several years has caused some people to question 'Can we trust Microsoft?';Steve Ballmer;business
We don't have a monopoly. We have market share. There's a difference.;Steve Ballmer;business
Definition of a Statistician: A man who believes figures don't lie, but admits than under analysis some of them won't stand up either.;Evan Esar;business
Business can be a source of progressive change.;Jerry Greenfield;business
Inside every working anarchy, there's an Old Boy Network.;Mitchell Kapor;business
If you have to forecast, forecast often.;Edgar R. Fiedler;business
Not for nothing is their motto TGIF - 'Thank God It's Friday.' They live for the weekends, when they can go do what they really want to do.;Richard Nelson Bolles;business
The work of the individual still remains the spark that moves mankind ahead even more than teamwork.;Igor Sikorsky;business
What's the subject of life - to get rich? All of those fellows out there getting rich could be dancing around the real subject of life.;Paul A. Volcker;business
Only a monopolist could study a business and ruin it by giving away products.;Scott McNealy;business
The incestuous relationship between government and big business thrives in the dark.;Jack Anderson;business
The great leaders are like the best conductors - they reach beyond the notes to reach the magic in the players.;Blaine Lee;business
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death.;Leonardo da Vinci;business
If we listened to our intellect, we'd never have a love affair. We'd never have a friendship. We'd never go into business, because we'd be cynical. Well, that's nonsense. You've got to jump off cliffs all the time and build your wings on the way down.;Ray Bradbury;business
Discourage litigation. Persuade your neighbors to compromise whenever you can. As a peacemaker the lawyer has superior opportunity of being a good man. There will still be business enough.;Abraham Lincoln;business
Government 'help' to business is just as disastrous as government persecution... the only way a government can be of service to national prosperity is by keeping its hands off.;Ayn Rand;business
If I were to try to read, much less answer, all the attacks made on me, this shop might as well be closed for any other business.;Abraham Lincoln;business
I believe that being successful means having a balance of success stories across the many areas of your life. You can't truly be considered successful in your business life if your home life is in shambles.;Zig Ziglar;business
Politics is not a game. It is an earnest business.;Winston Churchill;business
It is easy enough to be friendly to one's friends. But to befriend the one who regards himself as your enemy is the quintessence of true religion. The other is mere business.;Mahatma Gandhi;business
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship.;John D. Rockefeller;business
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.;Thomas Paine;business
Prophesy is a good line of business, but it is full of risks.;Mark Twain;business
Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.;Helen Keller;business
The best minds are not in government. If any were, business would steal them away.;Ronald Reagan;business
A man should never neglect his family for business.;Walt Disney;business
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.;Henry Ford;business
I was at this casino minding my own business, and this guy came up to me and said, 'You're gonna have to move, you're blocking a fire exit.' As though if there was a fire, I wasn't gonna run. If you're flammible and have legs, you are never blocking a fire exit.;Mitch Hedberg;business
It's time to fundamentally change the way that we do business in Washington. To help build a new foundation for the 21st century, we need to reform our government so that it is more efficient, more transparent, and more creative. That will demand new thinking and a new sense of responsibility for every dollar that is spent.;Barack Obama;business
Politics is just like show business. You have a hell of an opening, coast for a while, and then have a hell of a close.;Ronald Reagan;business
Those who govern, having much business on their hands, do not generally like to take the trouble of considering and carrying into execution new projects. The best public measures are therefore seldom adopted from previous wisdom, but forced by the occasion.;Benjamin Franklin;business
The TV business is uglier than most things. It is normally perceived as some kind of cruel and shallow money trench through the heart of the journalism industry, a long plastic hallway where thieves and pimps run free and good men die like dogs, for no good reason.;Hunter S. Thompson;business
The first mistake in public business is the going into it.;Benjamin Franklin;business
The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.;Bill Gates;business
I must create a system or be enslaved by another mans I will not reason and compare: my business is to create.;William Blake;business
It is clearly better that property should be private, but the use of it common and the special business of the legislator is to create in men this benevolent disposition.;Aristotle;business
If you spend your life competing with business men, what do you have? A bank account and ulcers!;Marilyn Monroe;business
Girls shouldn't worry about being the equal of men in the business world.;Marilyn Monroe;business
Good humor is a tonic for mind and body. It is the best antidote for anxiety and depression. It is a business asset. It attracts and keeps friends. It lightens human burdens. It is the direct route to serenity and contentment.;Grenville Kleiser;business
Justice means minding one's own business and not meddling with other men's concerns.;Plato;business
Ultimately, who you choose to be in a relationship with and what you do in your bedroom is your business.;Eminem;business
The greatest ability in business is to get along with others and to influence their actions.;John Hancock;business
Dad almost died of a heart attack in the middle of making Apocalypse Now, the biggest movie of his life. It doesn't make you want to jump into that business.;Charlie Sheen;business
Only he is successful in his business who makes that pursuit which affords him the highest pleasure sustain him.;Henry David Thoreau;business
When you're young, you look at television and think, there's a conspiracy. The networks have conspired to dumb us down. But when you get a little older, you realize that's not true. The networks are in business to give people exactly what they want.;Steve Jobs;business
Modern poets talk against business, poor things, but all of us write for money. Beginners are subjected to trial by market.;Robert Frost;business
There's nobody in the business strong enough to scare me.;Tupac Shakur;business
Information technology and business are becoming inextricably interwoven. I don't think anybody can talk meaningfully about one without the talking about the other.;Bill Gates;business
The things most people want to know about are usually none of their business.;George Bernard Shaw;business
Art is the beautiful way of doing things. Science is the effective way of doing things. Business is the economic way of doing things.;Elbert Hubbard;business
Statistics suggest that when customers complain, business owners and managers ought to get excited about it. The complaining customer represents a huge opportunity for more business.;Zig Ziglar;business
If people in the media cannot decide whether they are in the business of reporting news or manufacturing propaganda, it is all the more important that the public understand that difference, and choose their news sources accordingly.;Thomas Sowell;business
I am just absolutely convinced that the best formula for giving us peace and preserving the American way of life is freedom, limited government, and minding our own business overseas.;Ron Paul;business
The competitor to be feared is one who never bothers about you at all, but goes on making his own business better all the time.;Henry Ford;business
I worked hard all my life as far as this music business. I dreamed of the day when I could go to New York and feel comfortable and they could come out here and be comfortable.;Tupac Shakur;business
Raising children is an incredibly hard and risky business in which no cumulative wisdom is gained: each generation repeats the mistakes the previous one made.;Bill Cosby;business
Let your Discourse with Men of Business be Short and Comprehensive.;George Washington;business
In the US, there is basically one party - the business party. It has two factions, called Democrats and Republicans, which are somewhat different but carry out variations on the same policies. By and large, I am opposed to those policies. As is most of the population.;Noam Chomsky;business
Editor: a person employed by a newspaper, whose business it is to separate the wheat from the chaff, and to see that the chaff is printed.;Elbert Hubbard;business
Microsoft has had two goals in the last 10 years. One was to copy the Mac, and the other was to copy Lotus' success in the spreadsheet - basically, the applications business. And over the course of the last 10 years, Microsoft accomplished both of those goals. And now they are completely lost.;Steve Jobs;business
My recipe for dealing with anger and frustration: set the kitchen timer for twenty minutes, cry, rant, and rave, and at the sound of the bell, simmer down and go about business as usual.;Phyllis Diller;business
If I love you, what business is it of yours?;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;business
Mickey Mouse popped out of my mind onto a drawing pad 20 years ago on a train ride from Manhattan to Hollywood at a time when business fortunes of my brother Roy and myself were at lowest ebb and disaster seemed right around the corner.;Walt Disney;business
But Apple really beats to a different drummer. I used to say that Apple should be the Sony of this business, but in reality, I think Apple should be the Apple of this business.;Steve Jobs;business
A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits. They will be embarrassingly large.;Henry Ford;business
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.;Warren Buffett;business
I have never once regretted missing a business opportunity so that I could be with my children and grandchildren.;Mitt Romney;business
Be courageous. I have seen many depressions in business. Always America has emerged from these stronger and more prosperous. Be brave as your fathers before you. Have faith! Go forward!;Thomas A. Edison;business
If you were successful, somebody along the line gave you some help... Somebody helped to create this unbelievable American system that we have that allowed you to thrive. Somebody invested in roads and bridges. If you've got a business - you didn't build that. Somebody else made that happen.;Barack Obama;business
We don't seem to be able to check crime, so why not legalize it and then tax it out of business?;Will Rogers;business
Thanks to my mother, not a single cardboard box has found its way back into society. We receive gifts in boxes from stores that went out of business twenty years ago.;Erma Bombeck;business
In this business, by the time you realize you're in trouble, it's too late to save yourself. Unless you're running scared all the time, you're gone.;Bill Gates;business
I love producing. I am loving doing that. I think that is my most natural space in the business. I just love producing or editing and that's where I thrive.;Will Smith;business
Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good spirits.;Robert Louis Stevenson;business
The movies are the only business where you can go out front and applaud yourself.;Will Rogers;business
Business and growing jobs is about taking risk, sometimes failing, sometimes succeeding, but always striving. It is about dreams. Usually, it doesn't work out exactly as you might have imagined. Steve Jobs was fired at Apple. He came back and changed the world.;Mitt Romney;business
A person who is too nice an observer of the business of the crowd, like one who is too curious in observing the labor of bees, will often be stung for his curiosity.;Alexander Pope;business
After you have exhausted what there is in business, politics, conviviality, and so on - have found that none of these finally satisfy, or permanently wear - what remains? Nature remains.;Walt Whitman;business
In almost every profession - whether it's law or journalism, finance or medicine or academia or running a small business - people rely on confidential communications to do their jobs. We count on the space of trust that confidentiality provides. When someone breaches that trust, we are all worse off for it.;Hillary Clinton;business
It's none of their business that you have to learn how to write. Let them think you were born that way.;Ernest Hemingway;business
Few businessmen are capable of being in politics, they don't understand the democratic process, they have neither the tolerance or the depth it takes. Democracy isn't a business.;Malcolm Forbes;business
I do not believe a man can ever leave his business. He ought to think of it by day and dream of it by night.;Henry Ford;business
I love my family very much. I wish I could see them a little more often than I do. But we understand because we're a show business family and we all work.;Michael Jackson;business
Competition is the keen cutting edge of business, always shaving away at costs.;Henry Ford;business
A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts.;Richard Branson;business
Business is the salt of life.;Voltaire;business
This is a fantastic time to be entering the business world, because business is going to change more in the next 10 years than it has in the last 50.;Bill Gates;business
I never called my work an 'art'. It's part of show business, the business of building entertainment.;Walt Disney;business
You know, out-of-touch liberals like Barack Obama say they want a strong economy, but in everything they do, they show they don't like business very much. But the economy, of course, is simply the product of all the businesses of the nation added together. So it's a bit like saying you like an omelet, but you don't like eggs.;Mitt Romney;business
Business opportunities are like buses, there's always another one coming.;Richard Branson;business
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective.;Warren Buffett;business
Your premium brand had better be delivering something special, or it's not going to get the business.;Warren Buffett;business
In business or in life, don't follow the wagon tracks too closely.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;business
Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little, repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but content themselves with a mediocrity of success.;Dale Carnegie;business
