I believe the best service to the child is the service closest to the child, and children who are victims of neglect, abuse, or abandonment must not also be victims of bureaucracy. They deserve our devoted attention, not our divided attention.;Kenny Guinn;best
The trite saying that honesty is the best policy has met with the just criticism that honesty is not policy. The real honest man is honest from conviction of what is right, not from policy.;Robert E. Lee;best
We must stop thinking of the individual and start thinking about what is best for society.;Hillary Clinton;best
If you felt that excitement when you voted for Barack Obama, shouldn't you feel that way now that he's President Obama? You know there's something wrong with the kind of job he's done as president when the best feeling you had was the day you voted for him.;Mitt Romney;best
The best thinking has been done in solitude. The worst has been done in turmoil.;Thomas A. Edison;best
To study the abnormal is the best way of understanding the normal.;William James;best
A well regulated militia, composed of the body of the people, trained in arms, is the best most natural defense of a free country.;James Madison;best
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.;Epictetus;best
Massachusetts children cannot only lead the nation in test scores, they can be competitive with the best in the world. And the gap in achievement among races can virtually disappear.;Mitt Romney;best
I want you to remember when our White House reflected the best of who we are, not the worst of what Europe has become.;Mitt Romney;best
The strength and power and goodness of America has always been based on the strength and power and goodness of our communities, our families, our faiths. That is the bedrock of what makes America, America. In our best days, we can feel the vibrancy of America's communities, large and small.;Mitt Romney;best
I have long since come to believe that people never mean half of what they say, and that it is best to disregard their talk and judge only their actions.;Dorothy Day;best
Nearly all the best things that came to me in life have been unexpected, unplanned by me.;Carl Sandburg;best
The best way to destroy the capitalist system is to debauch the currency.;Vladimir Lenin;best
Achievement is not always success, while reputed failure often is. It is honest endeavor, persistent effort to do the best possible under any and all circumstances.;Orison Swett Marden;best
Baseball was, is and always will be to me the best game in the world.;Babe Ruth;best
The things we know best are the things we haven't been taught.;Luc de Clapiers;best
Surround yourself with good people. Whether they're the best or not, people are capable of learning if they've got good hearts and they're good souls.;Kid Rock;best
Always Do Your Best. Your best is going to change from moment to moment it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret.;Miguel Angel Ruiz;best
Cheerfulness is the best promoter of health and is as friendly to the mind as to the body.;Joseph Addison;best
The best weapon of a dictatorship is secrecy, but the best weapon of a democracy should be the weapon of openness.;Niels Bohr;best
I think what makes our marriage work amid all the glare is that my husband is my best friend. He inspires everything in my life and enables me to do the best that I can. I want to hang out with him more than anyone.;Faith Hill;best
Now I see the secret of making the best person: it is to grow in the open air and to eat and sleep with the earth.;Walt Whitman;best
Laughter is not a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is the best ending for one.;Henry Ward Beecher;best
What we call wisdom is the result of all the wisdom of past ages. Our best institutions are like young trees growing upon the roots of the old trunks that have crumbled away.;Henry Ward Beecher;best
The best way of removing negativity is to laugh and be joyous.;David Icke;best
Every year of my life I grow more convinced that it is wisest and best to fix our attention on the beautiful and the good, and dwell as little as possible on the evil and the false.;Richard Cecil;best
Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age.;Pope John XXIII;best
I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;best
With my wife I don't get no respect. I made a toast on her birthday to 'the best woman a man ever had.' The waiter joined me.;Rodney Dangerfield;best
The best and safest thing is to keep a balance in your life, acknowledge the great powers around us and in us. If you can do that, and live that way, you are really a wise man.;Euripides;best
The Lord gets his best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction.;Charles Spurgeon;best
The best argument I know for an immortal life is the existence of a man who deserves one.;William James;best
Set up another case bartender! The best thing for a case of nerves is a case of Scotch.;W. C. Fields;best
Toleration is the best religion.;Victor Hugo;best
Speak when you are angry - and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret.;Laurence J. Peter;best
Stubborn and ardent clinging to one's opinion is the best proof of stupidity.;Michel de Montaigne;best
The best books... are those that tell you what you know already.;George Orwell;best
Genius always gives its best at first prudence, at last.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;best
Do what you love to do and give it your very best. Whether it's business or baseball, or the theater, or any field. If you don't love what you're doing and you can't give it your best, get out of it. Life is too short. You'll be an old man before you know it.;Al Lopez;best
That best portion of a man's life, his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.;William Wordsworth;best
I lead no party I follow no leader. I have given the best part of my life to careful study of Islam, its law and polity, its culture, its history and its literature.;Muhammad Iqbal;best
I don't want to do business with those who don't make a profit, because they can't give the best service.;Richard Bach;best
No man who worships education has got the best out of education... Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;best
Use what talents you possess the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.;Henry Van Dyke;best
A woman's best protection is a little money of her own.;Clare Boothe Luce;best
People who lean on logic and philosophy and rational exposition end by starving the best part of the mind.;William Butler Yeats;best
The most basic question is not what is best, but who shall decide what is best.;Thomas Sowell;best
I don't know why, it's the same reason why you like some music and you don't like others. There's something about it that you like. Ultimately I don't find it's in my best interests to try and analyze it, since it's fundamentally emotional.;Jerry Garcia;best
I am not a perfect servant. I am a public servant doing my best against the odds. As I develop and serve, be patient. God is not finished with me yet.;Jesse Jackson;best
Of all the home remedies, a good wife is best.;Kin Hubbard;best
Everywhere I go, I'm asked if I think the universities stifle writers. My opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them. There's many a best seller that could have been prevented by a good teacher.;Flannery O'Connor;best
These things bring you to reality as to how fragile you are at the same moment you are doing something that nobody else is able to do. The same moment that you are seen as the best, the fastest and somebody that cannot be touched, you are enormously fragile.;Ayrton Senna;best
I was never one to patiently pick up broken fragments and glue them together again and tell myself that the mended whole was as good as new. What is broken is broken - and I'd rather remember it as it was at its best than mend it and see the broken places as long as I lived.;Margaret Mitchell;best
Goals provide the energy source that powers our lives. One of the best ways we can get the most from the energy we have is to focus it. That is what goals can do for us concentrate our energy.;Denis Waitley;best
The deferring of anger is the best antidote to anger.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;best
Man, being reasonable, must get drunk the best of life is but intoxication.;Lord Byron;best
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.;John Locke;best
I think every girl needs to love herself, regardless of anything. Like if you're having a bad day, if you don't like your hair, if you don't have the best family situation, whatever, you have to love yourself and you can't do anything until you love yourself first.;Julianne Hough;best
Being a teenager is an amazing time and a hard time. It's when you make your best friends - I have girls who will never leave my heart and I still talk to. You get the best and the worst as a teen. You have the best friendships and the worst heartbreaks.;Sophia Bush;best
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.;Michelangelo;best
Let us put theology out of religion. Theology has always sent the worst to heaven, the best to hell.;Robert Green Ingersoll;best
Now I know that Wal-Mart's policies do not reflect the best way of doing business and the values that I think are important in America.;Hillary Clinton;best
I am someone who hopes for the best and prepares for the worst.;Hillary Clinton;best
Sculpture is the best comment that a painter can make on painting.;Pablo Picasso;best
I think music is the greatest art form that exists, and I think people listen to music for different reasons, and it serves different purposes. Some of it is background music, and some of it is things that might affect a person's day, if not their life, or change an attitude. The best songs are the ones that make you feel something.;Eddie Vedder;best
The best way to know God is to love many things.;Vincent Van Gogh;best
The best portion of a good man's life is his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love.;William Wordsworth;best
The best part about being alone is that you really don't have to answer to anybody. You do what you want.;Justin Timberlake;best
I am neither frustrated nor planning anything other than being the best Secretary of State I could be.;Hillary Clinton;best
There is no doubt that America remains the premier political, economic, military power in the world, and I both expect and count on it remaining so, because I think that's certainly in our best interest but also the best interests of the world.;Hillary Clinton;best
The best morale exist when you never hear the word mentioned. When you hear a lot of talk about it, it's usually lousy.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;best
I may be as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.;Walt Whitman;best
Take those chances and you can achieve greatness, whereas if you go conservative, you'll never know. I truly believe what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. Even if you fail, learning and moving on is sometimes the best thing.;Danica Patrick;best
But I always think that the best way to know God is to love many things.;Vincent Van Gogh;best
Prescription: A physician's guess at what will best prolong the situation with least harm to the patient.;Ambrose Bierce;best
Part of the reason for the ugliness of adults, in a child's eyes, is that the child is usually looking upwards, and few faces are at their best when seen from below.;George Orwell;best
There is only one thing for us to do, and that is to do our level best right where we are every day of our lives To use our best judgment, and then to trust the rest to that Power which holds the forces of the universe in his hands.;Orison Swett Marden;best
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.;Donald Trump;best
Employees make the best dates. You don't have to pick them up and they're always tax-deductible.;Andy Warhol;best
Expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised.;Denis Waitley;best
I have found that being honest is the best technique I can use. Right up front, tell people what you're trying to accomplish and what you're willing to sacrifice to accomplish it.;Lee Iacocca;best
No man really knows about other human beings. The best he can do is to suppose that they are like himself.;John Steinbeck;best
I have found it advisable not to give too much heed to what people say when I am trying to accomplish something of consequence. Invariably they proclaim it can't be done. I deem that the very best time to make the effort.;Calvin Coolidge;best
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success.;Joyce Brothers;best
Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. It's the best part of the day.;George Allen, Sr.;best
The best time for you to hold your tongue is the time you feel you must say something or bust.;Josh Billings;best
If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;best
Only a mediocre person is always at his best.;W. Somerset Maugham;best
Research has shown that the best way to be happy is to make each day happy.;Deepak Chopra;best
A boy's story is the best that is ever told.;Charles Dickens;best
Being forced to work, and forced to do your best, will breed in you temperance and self-control, diligence and strength of will, cheerfulness and content, and a hundred virtues which the idle will never know.;Charles Kingsley;best
The best way to obtain truth and wisdom is not to ask from books, but to go to God in prayer, and obtain divine teaching.;Joseph Smith, Jr.;best
Here's what I tell anybody and this is what I believe. The greatest gift we have is the gift of life. We understand that. That comes from our Creator. We're given a body. Now you may not like it, but you can maximize that body the best it can be maximized.;Mike Ditka;best
Being a blockhead is sometimes the best security against being cheated by a man of wit.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;best
It is not in the nature of politics that the best men should be elected. The best men do not want to govern their fellowmen.;George MacDonald;best
The best thing about giving of ourselves is that what we get is always better than what we give. The reaction is greater than the action.;Orison Swett Marden;best
If you're feeling insecure and you need to feel special, the best place to go is somewhere foreign where people treat you as special because you're different.;Kristin Scott Thomas;best
No man fails who does his best.;Orison Swett Marden;best
