We need to become good citizens in the global village, instead of competing. What are we competing for - to drive more cars, eat more steaks? That will destroy the world.;Yuan T. Lee;car
I love fast cars... and to go too fast in them.;Lara Flynn Boyle;car
We're just into toys, whether it's motorcycles or race cars or computers. I've got the Palm Pilot right here with me, I've got the world's smallest phone. Maybe it's just because I'm still a big little kid and I just love toys, you know?;Catherine Bell;car
I would never kill a living thing, although I probably have inadvertently while driving automobiles.;Don Van Vliet;car
See, what you're meant to do when you have a mid-life crisis is buy a fast car, aren't you? Well, I've always had fast cars. It's not that. It's the fear that you're past your best. It's the fear that the stuff you've done in the past is your best work.;Robbie Coltrane;car
Back in the mid-1970s, we adopted some fairly ambitious goals to improve efficiency of our cars. What did we get? We got a tremendous boost in efficiency.;Jay Inslee;car
You have to wait six months to purchase a fuel efficient automobile made from overseas.;Ed Markey;car
I had never been able to get a car that said how much I cared about the environment until I drove electric.;Alexandra Paul;car
Fast cars are my only vice.;Michael Bay;car
Family trips to Yellowstone and to what are now national parks in Southern Utah, driving the primitive roads and cars of that day, were real adventures.;Paul D. Boyer;car
I've got two old Volvos, two old Subarus, and an old Ford Ranger. If you've got an old car, you've gotta have at least several old cars, 'cause one's always gonna be in the garage.;Rip Torn;car
Societies need rules that make no sense for individuals. For example, it makes no difference whether a single car drives on the left or on the right. But it makes all the difference when there are many cars!;Marvin Minsky;car
I liken myself to Henry Ford and the auto industry, I give you 90 percent of what most people need.;Adam Osborne;car
I've always had an inquisitive mind about everything from flowers to television sets to motor cars. Always pulled them apart - couldn't put 'em back, but always extremely interested in how things work.;Craig Johnston;car
We often attribute 'understanding' and other cognitive predicates by metaphor and analogy to cars, adding machines, and other artifacts, but nothing is proved by such attributions.;John Searle;car
You talk about German technocracy and you get automobiles.;Gordon Sinclair;car
Well, I always had a chauffer, because I have never driven a car in my life. I still can't drive.;Bud Abbott;car
No illusion is more crucial than the illusion that great success and huge money buy you immunity from the common ills of mankind, such as cars that won't start.;Larry McMurtry;car
Ikea people do not drive flashy cars or stay at luxury hotels.;Ingvar Kamprad;car
The automobile, both a cause and an effect of this decentralization, is ideally suited for our vast landscape and our generally confused and contrary commuting patterns.;Brock Yates;car
I admit to wasting my life messing around with fast cars and motorcycles.;Brock Yates;car
More books, more racing and more foolishness with cars and motorcycles are in the works.;Brock Yates;car
A car for every purse and purpose.;Alfred P. Sloan;car
Not having to own a car has made me realize what a waste of time the automobile is.;Diane Johnson;car
Environmentalists have a very conflicted relationship with their cars.;Tom Arnold;car
Remote villages and communities have lost their identity, and their peace and charm have been sacrificed to that worst of abominations, the automobile.;James Norman Hall;car
Life is a gamble. You can get hurt, but people die in plane crashes, lose their arms and legs in car accidents people die every day. Same with fighters: some die, some get hurt, some go on. You just don't let yourself believe it will happen to you.;Muhammad Ali;car
America... just a nation of two hundred million used car salesmen with all the money we need to buy guns and no qualms about killing anybody else in the world who tries to make us uncomfortable.;Hunter S. Thompson;car
Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.;P. J. O'Rourke;car
Campaign behavior for wives: Always be on time. Do as little talking as humanly possible. Lean back in the parade car so everybody can see the president.;Eleanor Roosevelt;car
Personally, I just think rap music is the best thing out there, period. If you look at my deck in my car radio, you're always going to find a hip-hop tape that's all I buy, that's all I live, that's all I listen to, that's all I love.;Eminem;car
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad.;Theodore Roosevelt;car
Never have more children than you have car windows.;Erma Bombeck;car
What Englishman will give his mind to politics as long as he can afford to keep a motor car?;George Bernard Shaw;car
Most people have no concept of how an automatic transmission works, yet they know how to drive a car. You don't have to study physics to understand the laws of motion to drive a car. You don't have to understand any of this stuff to use Macintosh.;Steve Jobs;car
I know a lot about cars, man. I can look at any car's headlights and tell you exactly which way it's coming.;Mitch Hedberg;car
I miss Saturday morning, rolling out of bed, not shaving, getting into my car with my girls, driving to the supermarket, squeezing the fruit, getting my car washed, taking walks.;Barack Obama;car
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.;Erma Bombeck;car
Marriage has no guarantees. If that's what you're looking for, go live with a car battery.;Erma Bombeck;car
When a man opens a car door for his wife, it's either a new car or a new wife.;Prince Philip;car
My kids always perceived the bathroom as a place where you wait it out until all the groceries are unloaded from the car.;Erma Bombeck;car
I have an answering machine in my car. It says, I'm home now. But leave a message and I'll call when I'm out.;Steven Wright;car
Just as your car runs more smoothly and requires less energy to go faster and farther when the wheels are in perfect alignment, you perform better when your thoughts, feelings, emotions, goals, and values are in balance.;Brian Tracy;car
Onion rings in the car cushions do not improve with time.;Erma Bombeck;car
It goes without saying that you should never have more children than you have car windows.;Erma Bombeck;car
I had a friend who was a clown. When he died, all his friends went to the funeral in one car.;Steven Wright;car
I rememeber one time we were getting ready to go to South America and everything was packed up and in the car ready to go and I hid and I was crying because I really did not want to go, I wanted to play. I did not want to go.;Michael Jackson;car
My wife wants sex in the back of the car and she wants me to drive.;Rodney Dangerfield;car
I play the harmonica. The only way I can play is if I get my car going really fast, and stick it out the window.;Steven Wright;car
I have bad reflexes. I was once run over by a car being pushed by two guys.;Woody Allen;car
(On seeing a former lover for the first time in years) I thought I told you to wait in the car.;Tallulah Bankhead;car
Everything in life is somewhere else, and you get there in a car.;E. B. White;car
A car is useless in New York, essential everywhere else. The same with good manners.;Mignon McLaughlin;car
We're in a giant car heading towards a brick wall and everyone's arguing over where they're going to sit.;David Suzuki;car
Dogs feel very strongly that they should always go with you in the car, in case the need should arise for them to bark violently at nothing right in your ear.;Dave Barry;car
When you first get money, you buy all these things so no one thinks you're mean, and you spread it around. You get a chauffeur and you find yourself thrown around the back of this car and you think, I was happier when I had my own little car! I could drive myself!;Paul McCartney;car
Design can never be an ultimate explanation for anything. It can only be a proximate explanation. A plane or a car is explained by a designer but that's because the designer himself, the engineer, is explained by natural selection.;Richard Dawkins;car
To attract men, I wear a perfume called 'New Car Interior.';Rita Rudner;car
I am thankful the most important key in history was invented. It's not the key to your house, your car, your boat, your safety deposit box, your bike lock or your private community. It's the key to order, sanity, and peace of mind. The key is 'Delete.';Elayne Boosler;car
American stuntmen are smart - they think about safety. When they do a jump in a car, they calculate everything: the speed, the distance... But in Hong Kong, we don't know how to count. Everything we do is a guess. If you've got the guts, you do it. All of my stuntmen have gotten hurt.;Jackie Chan;car
It seems to me I spent my life in car pools, but you know, that's how I kept track of what was going on.;Barbara Bush;car
Going to church doesn't make you any more a Christian than going to the garage makes you a car.;Laurence J. Peter;car
Canadians can easily 'pass for American' as long as we don't accidentally use metric measurements or apologize when hit by a car.;Doug Coupland;car
And suddenly I realised that I was no longer driving the car consciously. I was driving it by a kind of instinct, only I was in a different dimension.;Ayrton Senna;car
I was already on pole, then by half a second and then one second and I just kept going. Suddenly I was nearly two seconds faster than anybody else, including my team mate with the same car.;Ayrton Senna;car
I know people think we drive around in these nice cars and we do whatever we want and our parents will pay our credit cards, but that's not the case. Sure, my parents were generous I got a nice car at 16, but at 18 I was cut off. I've worked really hard. I opened the store myself.;Kim Kardashian;car
White is actually one of my favorite colors. I have a white car. I love white.;Kim Kardashian;car
My brother was a lifeguard in a car wash.;Henny Youngman;car
I think a lot of writers, male and female, write as if their parents were killed in a car accident when they were 2, and they have no one to hold accountable. And unfortunately, I don't have that. I have parents who I care about what they think.;Mindy Kaling;car
I'm gonna be making records anyway, even if I had to sell 'em out of the trunk of my car. I'm that kind of musician and singer.;Dolly Parton;car
Why do people talk of the horrors of old age? It's great. I feel like a fine old car with the parts gradually wearing out, but I'm not complaining,... Those who find growing old terrible are people who haven't done what they wanted with their lives.;Martha Gellhorn;car
Many highly intelligent people are poor thinkers. Many people of average intelligence are skilled thinkers. The power of a car is separate from the way the car is driven.;Edward de Bono;car
If you think Abraham Lincoln became famous for inventing the town car, it is time to spend a few hours on history.;Bo Bennett;car
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.;Earl Wilson;car
I want a pit crew... I hate the procedure I currently have to go through when I have car problems.;Dave Barry;car
A dream without ambition is like a car without gas... you're not going anywhere.;Sean Hampton;car
If God drives a car, He'd drive a 1973 Ford LTD Brougham sedan with a claret-colored vinyl roof, with oxblood leather upholstery and an opera window.;Doug Coupland;car
Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night?;Jack Kerouac;car
I know a man who doesn't pay to have his trash taken out. How does he get rid of his trash? He gift wraps it, and puts in into an unlocked car.;Henny Youngman;car
I don't want to argue with my wife about her car - or my driving.;Dale Earnhardt;car
People and squirrels are very different. Most people will not argue that. But I find that there is one situation in which they're very similar. And that is: when I am driving towards them in my car. Then they're kind of hard to tell apart - especially if the human is kind of hairy.;Demetri Martin;car
Shutting off the thought process is not rejuvenating the mind is like a car battery - it recharges by running.;Bill Watterson;car
The first real thought that I had of something that I might do was to write for car magazines, because I always had a car thing.;Jerry Seinfeld;car
The hydrogen powered car, with its high fuel mileage and zero emission rate, is just one example of the products under development that will help increase our energy independence.;Dan Lipinski;car
A lot of fun stuff happens when you go out on a bike compared to when you're in a car. You're more in the environment. It's enjoyable. Even when It's raining It's still fun.;Stone Gossard;car
You don't have to carry a designer bag that costs more than a car to look cool.;Kesha;car
Drug misuse is not a disease, it is a decision, like the decision to step out in front of a moving car. You would call that not a disease but an error of judgment.;Philip K. Dick;car
It all happened so fast. The ghetto. The deportation. The sealed cattle car. The fiery altar upon which the history of our people and the future of mankind were meant to be sacrificed.;Elie Wiesel;car
I race to win. If I am on the bike or in a car it will always be the same.;Valentino Rossi;car
As soon as I get my car I think I'll be going to the cinema more. Since I don't go very often, there are no films that are a must see at the moment. I usually wait till they come out on DVD.;Tom Felton;car
It's shocking to say, but the cinema is quite a while away from me, and I haven't got a car yet.;Tom Felton;car
You're safer in the race car than you are in cars going to and from the track.;Mario Andretti;car
I'm sort of like a lame, single guy in a red sports car.;Billy Corgan;car
Whenever I have bid a hasty goodbye to a loved one, I've always made sure that my record collection was safely stored away in the boot of the car.;Robert Plant;car
They think they can make fuel from horse manure - now, I don't know if your car will be able to get 30 miles to the gallon, but it's sure gonna put a stop to siphoning.;Billie Holiday;car
I couldn't find the sports car of my dreams, so I built it myself.;Ferdinand Porsche;car
To this day, I am the least materialistic person I know, because my father didn't raise me to just go out and buy this or that car. The only reason I wanted to make money as an actor was because I'm passionate about food!;Hugh Jackman;car
I've spent more on my Dodger tickets that I did on my car.;Shia LaBeouf;car
My first car, I got it in an auction at my temple. It was an '86 Volvo that I got for 500 bucks, and then wound up throwing $10,000 into the stereo system and put TVs in the foot rests. It was the most ridiculous Volvo you'd ever seen, but I had never had money before and I was out of my mind.;Shia LaBeouf;car
