Everybody has something that chews them up and, for me, that thing was always loneliness. The cinema has the power to make you not feel lonely, even when you are.;Tom Hanks;power
The point of power is always in the present moment.;Louise L. Hay;power
Human beings are accustomed to think of intellect as the power of having and controlling ideas and of ability to learn as synonymous with ability to have ideas. But learning by having ideas is really one of the rare and isolated events in nature.;Edward Thorndike;power
Knowing that you are completely forgiven destroys the power of sin in your life.;Joseph Prince;power
When we consistently suppress and distrust our intuitive knowingness, looking instead for authority, validation, and approval from others, we give our personal power away.;Shakti Gawain;power
What has destroyed every previous civilization has been the tendency to the unequal distribution of wealth and power.;Henry George;power
The coming of honor or disgrace must be a reflection of one's inner power.;Xun Zi;power
Power is something of which I am convinced there is no innocence this side of the womb.;Nadine Gordimer;power
I say the law should be blind to race, gender and sexual orientation, just as it claims to be blind to wealth and power. There should be no specially protected groups of any kind, except for children, the severely disabled and the elderly, whose physical frailty demands society's care.;Camille Paglia;power
The law always limits every power it gives.;David Hume;power
I think I have told you, but if I have not, you must have understood, that a man who has a vision is not able to use the power of it until after he has performed the vision on earth for the people to see.;Black Elk;power
To use the power of the bison, I had to perform that part of my vision for the people to see.;Black Elk;power
You see, I had been riding with the storm clouds, and had come to earth as rain, and it was drought that I had killed with the power that the Six Grandfathers gave me.;Black Elk;power
The thing is, if you control the Senate meetings, you control the gavel. And the gavel is a very important instrument... an instrument of power. An instrument that establishes the agenda.;Dan Quayle;power
But what is after all the happiness of mere power? There is a greater happiness possible than to be lord of heaven and earth that is the happiness of being truly loved.;Lafcadio Hearn;power
All outward forms of religion are almost useless, and are the causes of endless strife. Believe there is a great power silently working all things for good, behave yourself and never mind the rest.;Beatrix Potter;power
Poetry is ordinary language raised to the Nth power. Poetry is boned with ideas, nerved and blooded with emotions, all held together by the delicate, tough skin of words.;Paul Engle;power
Order is power.;Henri Frederic Amiel;power
In all our associations in all our agreements let us never lose sight of this fundamental maxim - that all power was originally lodged in, and consequently is derived from, the people.;George Mason;power
The term 'genre' eventually becomes pejorative because you're referring to something that's so codified and ritualised that it ceases to have the power and meaning it had when it first started.;Christopher Nolan;power
When you give everyone a voice and give people power, the system usually ends up in a really good place. So, what we view our role as, is giving people that power.;Mark Zuckerberg;power
The party in power, like Jonah's gourd, grew up quickly, and will quickly fall.;Davy Crockett;power
During the time men live without a common power to keep them all in awe, they are in that conditions called war and such a war, as if of every man, against every man.;Thomas Hobbes;power
I'd always felt very strongly in the power of vocation.;Daniel Day-Lewis;power
The first requisite of a sound monetary system is that it put the least possible power over the quantity or quality of money in the hands of the politicians.;Henry Hazlitt;power
We'll never solve the feminization of power until we solve the masculinity of wealth.;Gloria Steinem;power
The power to define the situation is the ultimate power.;Jerry Rubin;power
Truth is the ultimate power. When the truth comes around, all the lies have to run and hide.;Ice Cube;power
There is something fundamentally unfair about a government that takes away so much of people's money, power, and personal control while telling them that life will be better as a result.;Steve Forbes;power
Every American, regardless of their background, has the right to live free of unwarranted government intrusion. Repealing the worst provisions of the Patriot Act will reign in this gross abuse of power and restore to everyone our basic Constitutional rights.;Pete Stark;power
Mere goodness can achieve little against the power of nature.;Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel;power
There is nothing more corrupting, nothing more destructive of the noblest and finest feelings of our nature, than the exercise of unlimited power.;William Henry Harrison;power
The way of peace is the way of love. Love is the greatest power on earth. It conquers all things.;Peace Pilgrim;power
In life, single women are the most vulnerable adults. In movies, they are given imaginary power.;Elizabeth Wurtzel;power
Doing the right thing has power.;Laura Linney;power
It seems to me the Washington Monument is a symbol of America's power. It has been the symbol of our great nation. We look at the symbol and we say 'this is one nation under God.';Pat Robertson;power
The worth of a civilization or a culture is not valued in the terms of its material wealth or military power, but by the quality and achievements of its representative individuals - its philosophers, its poets and its artists.;Herbert Read;power
There is trust in there being a Spirit who loves me and wants me to have love in my life. I trust in this higher power, it is what keeps me moving forward no matter what happens.;Kenny Loggins;power
When I got to France I realized I didn't know very much about food at all. I'd never had a real cake. I'd had those cakes from cake mixes or the ones that have a lot of baking powder in them. A really good French cake doesn't have anything like that in it - it's all egg power.;Julia Child;power
Our enemies are our evil deeds and their memories, our pride, our selfishness, our malice, our passions, which by conscience or by habit pursue us with a relentlessness past the power of figure to express.;George A. Smith;power
I emphasize self-esteem, self-confidence, and dignity, not as an ideal, but as a real test of community organization. Without leadership development, community organizations do not have staying power.;Paul Wellstone;power
Never work just for money or for power. They won't save your soul or help you sleep at night.;Marian Wright Edelman;power
More than ever before, consumers have the ability to unify their voices and coalesce their buying power to influence corporate behaviors.;Simon Mainwaring;power
The most impactful way consumers can assert their power is to become mindful shoppers, giving their dollars only to socially responsible companies. In today's world of social media and smart phones, this is easy to do.;Simon Mainwaring;power
Let's hope brands recognize that the true power of this technology is not its reach but its ability to communicate substance that adds meaning to our lives. Otherwise, brands will be investing in technology that consumers simply won't buy.;Simon Mainwaring;power
Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.;John Acton;power
Thoughts have power thoughts are energy. And you can make your world or break it by your own thinking.;Susan Taylor;power
Words, without power, is mere philosophy.;Muhammad Iqbal;power
Before 'Schindler's List,' I wouldn't have believed movies had a lot of power for social change.;Liam Neeson;power
American policy seems to be wed to a perpetual state of war. Why? History shows that the world will always be in flux or turmoil, with different peoples competing for visibility and power. The U.S. cannot fix the fate of every nation.;Camille Paglia;power
We should seek by all means in our power to avoid war, by analysing possible causes, by trying to remove them, by discussion in a spirit of collaboration and good will.;Neville Chamberlain;power
Every one, more or less, loves Power, yet those who most wish for it are seldom the fittest to be trusted with it.;Samuel Richardson;power
What is the system? It revolves around the banks, the system is built on the power of the banks, so it can be destroyed through the banks.;Eric Cantona;power
Marvelous is the power which can be exercised, almost unconsciously, over a company, or an individual, or even upon a crowd by one person gifted with good temper, good digestion, good intellects, and good looks.;Anthony Trollope;power
Before the tongue can speak, it must have lost the power to wound.;Peace Pilgrim;power
It is impossible for any number which is a power greater than the second to be written as a sum of two like powers. I have a truly marvelous demonstration of this proposition which this margin is too narrow to contain.;Pierre de Fermat;power
It's okay for Christians throughout centuries to exterminate races and for their priests to rape little kids throughout decades, but trying to give the people the power to think and be individual, that's evil?;Glenn Danzig;power
To us Americans much has been given of us much is required. With all our faults and mistakes, it is our strength in support of the freedom our forefathers loved which has saved mankind from subjection to totalitarian power.;Norman Thomas;power
Hope... is the companion of power, and the mother of success for who so hopes has within him the gift of miracles.;Samuel Smiles;power
Fight the power that be. Fight the power.;Spike Lee;power
A great power has to have the discipline not only to go when necessary but to know when not to go. Getting involved in ethnic, religious civil wars is a recipe for disaster.;John Kasich;power
I believe in a higher power and I believe in good and bad, right and wrong. You sleep in the bed you make.;Leif Garrett;power
He who wants to persuade should put his trust not in the right argument, but in the right word. The power of sound has always been greater than the power of sense.;Joseph Conrad;power
This administration in Washington that's in power now clearly believes that government is not only the answer to every need, but it's the most qualified to make the most central decisions for every American in every area.;Rick Perry;power
Stereotypes lose their power when the world is found to be more complex than the stereotype would suggest. When we learn that individuals do not fit the group stereotype, then it begins to fall apart.;Ed Koch;power
The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading.;David Bailey;power
A picture must possess a real power to generate light and for a long time now I've been conscious of expressing myself through light or rather in light.;Henri Matisse;power
The power of visibility can never be underestimated.;Margaret Cho;power
Bill Clinton sitting on Air Force One getting his hair cut while people around the country cooled their heels and waited for him, became a metaphor for a populist president who had gotten drunk with the perks of his own power and was sort of, you know, not sensitive to what people wanted.;Dee Dee Myers;power
Language is legislation, speech is its code. We do not see the power which is in speech because we forget that all speech is a classification, and that all classifications are oppressive.;Roland Barthes;power
I have heard that the Saudi Arabians are paying Greenpeace to campaign against Nuclear Power. It wouldn't surprise me at all.;James Lovelock;power
There will always be vain, obsessive people who want to own rare and extraordinary things whatever the cost there will always be people for whom owning beautiful, dangerous animals brings a sense of power and magic.;Susan Orlean;power
I am of mixed minds about the issue of privacy. On one hand, I understand that information is power, and power is, well, power, so keeping your private information to yourself is essential - especially if you are a controversial figure, a celebrity, or a dissident.;Susan Orlean;power
The miracles of the church seem to me to rest not so much upon faces or voices or healing power coming suddenly near to us from afar off, but upon our perceptions being made finer, so that for a moment our eyes can see and our ears can hear what is there about us always.;Willa Cather;power
Emotional power is maybe the most valuable thing that an actor can have.;Christopher Walken;power
Having knowledge but lacking the power to express it clearly is no better than never having any ideas at all.;Pericles;power
The greatness of a man's power is the measure of his surrender.;William Booth;power
Power has to be insecure to be responsive.;Ralph Nader;power
Concentration of executive power, unless it's very temporary and for specific circumstances, let's say fighting world war two, it's an assault on democracy.;Noam Chomsky;power
Moreover, the practical recommendations deduced from ecological principles threaten the vested interests of commerce it is hardly surprising that the financial and political power created by these investments should be used sometimes to suppress environmental impact studies.;Garrett Hardin;power
The 'anti-globalisation movement' is the most significant proponent of globalisation - but in the interests of people, not concentrations of state-private power.;Noam Chomsky;power
There are many respects in which America, if it can bring itself to act with the magnanimity and the empathy appropriate to its size and power, can be an intelligent example to the world.;J. William Fulbright;power
The only prize much cared for by the powerful is power.;Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.;power
Power is the ability to get things done.;Rosabeth Moss Kanter;power
Blackheart Records being 25 years old represents staying power and the fact that we weren't able to get a record out through conventional means, so we had to create this record company to put out our records if we wanted to be a band that had records to give out to their fans.;Joan Jett;power
I'm not a power person. I like everyone to be on an equal footing.;Jack Nicholson;power
Time is compressed like the fist I close on my knee... I hold inside it the clues and solutions and the power for what I must do now.;Margaret Atwood;power
There are probably several hundred thousand if we narrow the definition to include only those who in their search for money and power are ruthless and deceitful.;Henry A. Wallace;power
Only he deserves power who every day justifies it.;Dag Hammarskjold;power
Plant the seed of desire in your mind and it forms a nucleus with power to attract to itself everything needed for its fulfillment.;Robert Collier;power
I'm not out burning bras, but I'm very opinionated about women owning their power.;Katherine Heigl;power
No punishment has ever possessed enough power of deterrence to prevent the commission of crimes. On the contrary, whatever the punishment, once a specific crime has appeared for the first time, its reappearance is more likely than its initial emergence could ever have been.;Hannah Arendt;power
Nobody is going to delegate a lot of power to a secretary that they can't control.;Michael Bloomberg;power
We cannot create observers by saying 'observe,' but by giving them the power and the means for this observation and these means are procured through education of the senses.;Maria Montessori;power
True human goodness, in all its purity and freedom, can come to the fore only when its recipient has no power.;Milan Kundera;power
Ah, the power of two. There's nothing quite like it. Especially when it comes to paying utility bills, parenting, cooking elaborate meals, purchasing a grown-up bed, jumping rope and lifting heavy machinery. The world favours pairs. Who wants to waste the wood building an ark for singletons?;Sloane Crosley;power
The struggle of man against power is the struggle of memory against forgetting.;Milan Kundera;power
The year most of my high school friends and I got our driver's permits, the coolest thing one could do was stand outside after school and twirl one's car keys like a lifeguard whistle. That jingling sound meant freedom and power.;Sloane Crosley;power
Power should not be concentrated in the hands of so few, and powerlessness in the hands of so many.;Maggie Kuhn;power
