Perpetual devotion to what a man calls his business is only to be sustained by perpetual neglect of many other things.;Robert Louis Stevenson;business
Behind every small business, there's a story worth knowing. All the corner shops in our towns and cities, the restaurants, cleaners, gyms, hair salons, hardware stores - these didn't come out of nowhere.;Paul Ryan;business
Prosperous farmers mean more employment, more prosperity for the workers and the business men of every industrial area in the whole country.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;business
Freedom. Freedom of religion. Freedom to speak their mind. Freedom to build a life. And yes, freedom to build a business. With their own hands. This is the essence of the American experience.;Mitt Romney;business
When a management with a reputation for brilliance tackles a business with a reputation for bad economics, it is the reputation of the business that remains intact.;Warren Buffett;business
You can close more business in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get people interested in you.;Dale Carnegie;business
What men have called friendship is only a social arrangement, a mutual adjustment of interests, an interchange of services given and received it is, in sum, simply a business from which those involved propose to derive a steady profit for their own self-love.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;business
I don't want to run around and look at a shot through a monitor. That doesn't improve what I'm trying to do. I figure, once I've done my job, it's none of my business.;Johnny Depp;business
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.;Andy Warhol;business
To succeed in business it is necessary to make others see things as you see them.;Aristotle Onassis;business
If a business does well, the stock eventually follows.;Warren Buffett;business
And fifth, we will champion small businesses, America's engine of job growth. That means reducing taxes on business, not raising them. It means simplifying and modernizing the regulations that hurt small business the most. And it means that we must rein in the skyrocketing cost of healthcare by repealing and replacing Obamacare.;Mitt Romney;business
I know what it's like to start a business. I know how extra ordinarily difficult it is to build something from nothing. I know how government kills jobs and, yes, I know how it can help from time- to-time.;Mitt Romney;business
Washington has to become an ally of business, not the opposition of business.;Mitt Romney;business
When you raise taxes on small business, from 35% to 40%, you will kill jobs.;Mitt Romney;business
That business we started with 10 people has now grown into a great American success story.;Mitt Romney;business
'Tis the business of little minds to shrink but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.;Thomas Paine;business
It's a business you go into because your an egocentric. It's a very embarrassing profession.;Katharine Hepburn;business
I believe that the rights of women and girls is the unfinished business of the 21st century.;Hillary Clinton;business
The duty of government is to leave commerce to its own capital and credit as well as all other branches of business, protecting all in their legal pursuits, granting exclusive privileges to none.;Andrew Jackson;business
I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it. If people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it. It's the truth.;Charlie Chaplin;business
I will never do another TV series. It couldn't top I Love Lucy, and I'd be foolish to try. In this business, you have to know when to get off.;Lucille Ball;business
In business for yourself, not by yourself.;William James;business
The god whom science recognizes must be a God of universal laws exclusively, a God who does a wholesale, not a retail business. He cannot accommodate his processes to the convenience of individuals.;William James;business
I have made the tough decisions, always with an eye toward the bottom line. Perhaps it's time America was run like a business.;Donald Trump;business
Most of the trouble in this world has been caused by folks who can't mind their own business, because they have no business of their own to mind, any more than a smallpox virus has.;William S. Burroughs;business
Our main business is not to see what lies dimly at a distance, but to do what lies clearly at hand.;Thomas Carlyle;business
No employer today is independent of those about him. He cannot succeed alone, no matter how great his ability or capital. Business today is more than ever a question of cooperation.;Orison Swett Marden;business
Do what you love to do and give it your very best. Whether it's business or baseball, or the theater, or any field. If you don't love what you're doing and you can't give it your best, get out of it. Life is too short. You'll be an old man before you know it.;Al Lopez;business
We are in danger of making our cities places where business goes on but where life, in its real sense, is lost.;Hubert H. Humphrey;business
I don't want to do business with those who don't make a profit, because they can't give the best service.;Richard Bach;business
War is the business of barbarians.;Napoleon Bonaparte;business
I like Mr. Gorbachev, we can do business together.;Margaret Thatcher;business
My business is to prevent the future.;Ray Bradbury;business
Both my brothers became physicians and I, of course, wandered into a business where the undisciplined are welcome.;Carroll O'Connor;business
I have heard show business characterized as a refuge for childlike persons in flight from all things harsh and real.;Carroll O'Connor;business
One irreducible residual of 38 years in the business is the number of lasting, loving friendships I have made.;Carroll O'Connor;business
Vulgar and obscene, the papers run rumors daily about people in show business, tales of wicked ways and witless affairs.;Carroll O'Connor;business
I don't think the government should be in the trailer-park business. I don't think they know how to run a trailer park.;Billy Graham;business
The people who make art their business are mostly imposters.;Pablo Picasso;business
I never ask a man what his business is, for it never interests me. What I ask him about are his thoughts and dreams.;H. P. Lovecraft;business
Now I know that Wal-Mart's policies do not reflect the best way of doing business and the values that I think are important in America.;Hillary Clinton;business
Business today consists in persuading crowds.;T. S. Eliot;business
I don't think we should be about the business of denying voters in Michigan and Florida the right to be heard.;Hillary Clinton;business
Getting money is not all a man's business: to cultivate kindness is a valuable part of the business of life.;Samuel Johnson;business
The golden rule for every business man is this: 'Put yourself in your customer's place.';Orison Swett Marden;business
The business of the poet is not to find new emotions, but to use the ordinary ones and, in working them up into poetry, to express feelings which are not in actual emotions at all.;T. S. Eliot;business
Nothing is so intolerable to man as being fully at rest, without a passion, without business, without entertainment, without care.;Blaise Pascal;business
The purpose of a business is to create a customer.;Peter Drucker;business
Advertising is a racket, like the movies and the brokerage business. You cannot be honest without admitting that its constructive contribution to humanity is exactly minus zero.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;business
After all, the chief business of the American people is business. They are profoundly concerned with producing, buying, selling, investing and prospering in the world.;Calvin Coolidge;business
Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business.;Calvin Coolidge;business
I have never yet seen any plan which has not been mended by the observations of those who were much inferior in understanding to the person who took the lead in the business.;Edmund Burke;business
My objection to Liberalism is this that it is the introduction into the practical business of life of the highest kind namely, politics of philosophical ideas instead of political principles.;Benjamin Disraeli;business
All animals, except man, know that the principal business of life is to enjoy it.;Samuel Butler;business
I also believe that government has no business telling us how we should live our lives. I think our lifestyle choices should be left up to us. What we do in our private lives is none of the government's business. That position rules out the Republican Party for me.;Jesse Ventura;business
No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit.;Andrew Carnegie;business
Mental fight means thinking against the current, not with it. It is our business to puncture gas bags and discover the seeds of truth.;Virginia Woolf;business
So we really need jobs now. We have to take jobs away from other countries because other countries are taking our jobs. There is practically not a country that does business with the United States that isn't making - let's call it a very big profit. I mean China is going to make $300 billion on us at least this year.;Donald Trump;business
When from our better selves we have too long been parted by the hurrying world, and droop. Sick of its business, of its pleasures tired, how gracious, how benign is solitude.;William Wordsworth;business
Young people are fitter to invent than to judge fitter for execution than for counsel and more fit for new projects than for settled business.;Francis Bacon;business
Creative people don't behave very well generally. If you're looking for examples of good relationships in show business, you're gonna be depressed real fast. I don't have time for anything else right now but work and my daughter. She's my first priority.;Jim Carrey;business
But I believe in fair trade, and I will tell you, I have many, many friends heading up corporations, and people that do just business in China, they say it's virtually impossible. It's very, very hard to come into China. And yet, we welcome them with open arms.;Donald Trump;business
When I started my last business, I didn't receive a paycheck for 13 months. The average person can't handle that pressure.;Robert Kiyosaki;business
If we get our self-esteem from superficial places, from our popularity, appearance, business success, financial situation, health, any of these, we will be disappointed, because no one can guarantee that we'll have them tomorrow.;Kathy Ireland;business
I think any man in business would be foolish to fool around with his secretary. If it's somebody else's secretary, fine.;Barry Goldwater;business
Most men are individuals no longer so far as their business, its activities, or its moralities are concerned. They are not units but fractions.;Charles Dickens;business
The first rule of business is: Do other men for they would do you.;Charles Dickens;business
The one great principle of English law is to make business for itself.;Charles Dickens;business
The average bright young man who is drafted hates the whole business because an army always tries to eliminate the individual differences in men.;Andy Rooney;business
To me, business isn't about wearing suits or pleasing stockholders. It's about being true to yourself, your ideas and focusing on the essentials.;Richard Branson;business
American business has just forgotten the importance of selling.;Barry Goldwater;business
Employers and business leaders need people who can think for themselves - who can take initiative and be the solution to problems.;Stephen Covey;business
Business underlies everything in our national life, including our spiritual life. Witness the fact that in the Lord's Prayer, the first petition is for daily bread. No one can worship God or love his neighbor on an empty stomach.;Woodrow Wilson;business
No matter what business you're in, you can't run in place or someone will pass you by. It doesn't matter how many games you've won.;Jim Valvano;business
Business has only two functions - marketing and innovation.;Milan Kundera;business
The success I have achieved in bodybuilding, motion pictures, and business would not have been possible without the generosity of the American people and the freedom here to pursue your dreams.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;business
Towns find it as hard as houses of business to rise again from ruin.;Honore de Balzac;business
A grocer is attracted to his business by a magnetic force as great as the repulsion which renders it odious to artists.;Honore de Balzac;business
The life of a man who deliberately runs through his fortune often becomes a business speculation his friends, his pleasures, patrons, and acquaintances are his capital.;Honore de Balzac;business
Money is a strange business. People who haven't got it aim it strongly. People who have are full of troubles.;Ayrton Senna;business
The business of America is business.;Calvin Coolidge;business
For many my behavior has been a major disappointment, my behavior has caused considerable worry to my business partners, and everyone involved in my business, but most importantly to the young people we influence, I apologize.;Tiger Woods;business
The only business of the head in the world is to bow a ceaseless obeisance to the heart.;William Butler Yeats;business
Democrats think the country works better with a strong middle class, real opportunities for poor people to work their way into it and a relentless focus on the future, with business and government working together to promote growth and broadly shared prosperity. We think 'we're all in this together' is a better philosophy than 'you're on your own.';William J. Clinton;business
If you have learned how to disagree without being disagreeable, then you have discovered the secrete of getting along - whether it be business, family relations, or life itself.;Bernard Meltzer;business
I think I could go away tomorrow. I've already accomplished something. It's such a selfish business that sometimes I get sick of myself.;Jim Carrey;business
My philosophy is: It's none of my business what people say of me and think of me.;Anthony Hopkins;business
It's like you always have to put on a happy face, be the phony baloney, and I'm so not that. I never was that I'll never be that. That is part of the business that I don't like. Maybe that will always keep me an outsider, I don't know. But that's fine.;Chloe Sevigny;business
The art which we may call generally art of the wayside, as opposed to that which is the business of men's lives, is, in the best sense of the word, Grotesque.;John Ruskin;business
The business of art is to reveal the relation between man and his environment.;David Herbert Lawrence;business
It is not fit the public trusts should be lodged in the hands of any, till they are first proved and found fit for the business they are to be entrusted with.;Matthew Henry;business
I am careful not to confuse excellence with perfection. Excellence I can reach for perfection is God's business.;Michael J. Fox;business
Contrary to popular opinion, the hustle is not a new dance step - it is an old business procedure.;Fran Lebowitz;business
I believe fundamental honesty is the keystone of business.;Harvey S. Firestone;business
Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does.;Jane Austen;business
I think a simple rule of business is, if you do the things that are easier first, then you can actually make a lot of progress.;Mark Zuckerberg;business
If a man's character is to be abused there's nobody like a relative to do the business.;Alexander Pope;business
A government, for protecting business only, is but a carcass, and soon falls by its own corruption and decay.;Amos Bronson Alcott;business
