Mass communication, radio, and especially television, have attempted, not without success, to annihilate every possibility of solitude and reflection.;Eugenio Montale;communication
In communications, familiarity breeds apathy.;William Bernbach;communication
Without a possibility of change in meanings human communication could not perform its present functions.;Kenneth L. Pike;communication
The way you communicate an idea is different than the way you communicate a product.;Frank Luntz;communication
Writing is a communication.;Theodore Sturgeon;communication
Sometimes there is a greater lack of communication in facile talking than in silence.;Faith Baldwin;communication
I am in favor of complete freedom of information and of free access to the new communication tools, in particular the Internet.;Omar Bongo;communication
The need to write comes from the need to make sense of one's life and discover one's usefulness.;John Cheever;communication
We don't communicate in full sentences anyway. We don't need all those words.;Shepard Smith;communication
In my teaching, I enjoyed creating models to clearly communicate my thoughts.;Erno Rubik;communication
It is not enough to show people how to live better: there is a mandate for any group with enormous powers of communication to show people how to be better.;Marya Mannes;communication
If we ever start communicating with living creatures from other planets, the number one priority is, how are you going to communicate information? Even between different cultures here on Earth, you get into communication problems.;Story Musgrave;communication
Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.;Frank Moore Colby;communication
It's like there are all these languages available, especially in terms of image. Why confine yourself to only English? There's all these languages and possibilities and concepts to speak or communicate with.;William Wiley;communication
Words and pictures can work together to communicate more powerfully than either alone.;William Albert Allard;communication
If listeners aren't carried away to Heaven, I'm failing.;La Monte Young;communication
When you stop talking, you've lost your customer. When you turn your back, you've lost her.;Estee Lauder;communication
Feelings of worth can flourish only in an atmosphere where individual differences are appreciated, mistakes are tolerated, communication is open, and rules are flexible - the kind of atmosphere that is found in a nurturing family.;Virginia Satir;communication
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know.;Jim Rohn;communication
I think it's fair to say that personal computers have become the most empowering tool we've ever created. They're tools of communication, they're tools of creativity, and they can be shaped by their user.;Bill Gates;communication
Animation can explain whatever the mind of man can conceive. This facility makes it the most versatile and explicit means of communication yet devised for quick mass appreciation.;Walt Disney;communication
The strong man is the one who is able to intercept at will the communication between the senses and the mind.;Napoleon Bonaparte;communication
Trust is the glue of life. It's the most essential ingredient in effective communication. It's the foundational principle that holds all relationships.;Stephen Covey;communication
Communication is a continual balancing act, juggling the conflicting needs for intimacy and independence. To survive in the world, we have to act in concert with others, but to survive as ourselves, rather than simply as cogs in a wheel, we have to act alone.;Deborah Tannen;communication
But behavior in the human being is sometimes a defense, a way of concealing motives and thoughts, as language can be a way of hiding your thoughts and preventing communication.;Abraham Maslow;communication
I think we have to face the reality that in a society where there is a legitimate threat of terrorism, not being able to see one's face, not being able to have some sense of communication in that way, is for many societies a challenge.;Hillary Clinton;communication
The Internet is the most important single development in the history of human communication since the invention of call waiting.;Dave Barry;communication
We shall never be able to remove suspicion and fear as potential causes of war until communication is permitted to flow, free and open, across international boundaries.;Harry S. Truman;communication
Two prisoners whose cells adjoin communicate with each other by knocking on the wall. The wall is the thing which separates them but is also their means of communication. It is the same with us and God. Every separation is a link.;Simone Weil;communication
A monopoly on the means of communication may define a ruling elite more precisely than the celebrated Marxian formula of monopoly in the means of production.;Robert Anton Wilson;communication
There are two barriers that often prevent communication between the young and their elders. The first is middle-aged forgetfulness of the fact that they themselves are no longer young. The second is youthful ignorance of the fact that the middle aged are still alive.;Jessamyn West;communication
Communication is about being effective, not always about being proper.;Bo Bennett;communication
The great work must inevitably be obscure, except to the very few, to those who like the author himself are initiated into the mysteries. Communication then is secondary: it is perpetuation which is important. For this only one good reader is necessary.;Henry Miller;communication
But communication is two-sided - vital and profound communication makes demands also on those who are to receive it... demands in the sense of concentration, of genuine effort to receive what is being communicated.;Roger Sessions;communication
Nurses serve their patients in the most important capacities. We know that they serve as our first lines of communication when something goes wrong or when we are concerned about health.;Lois Capps;communication
It's a fact that more people watch television and get their information that way than read books. I find new technology and new ways of communication very exciting and would like to do more in this field.;Stephen Covey;communication
Our most tragic error may have been our inability to establish a rapport and a confidence with the press and television with the communication media. I don't think the press has understood me.;Lyndon B. Johnson;communication
One thing I've learned to appreciate as I've gotten a little older is direct forms of communication.;Billy Corgan;communication
Humor is the affectionate communication of insight.;Leo Rosten;communication
Evil communication corrupts good manners. I hope to live to hear that good communication corrects bad manners.;Benjamin Banneker;communication
Societies have always been shaped more by the nature of the media by which men communicate than by the content of the communication.;Marshall McLuhan;communication
A degree of lying - you know, white lies - seems to be inherent in all languages and all forms of communication.;Matthew Lesko;communication
The major advances in speed of communication and ability to interact took place more than a century ago. The shift from sailing ships to telegraph was far more radical than that from telephone to email!;Noam Chomsky;communication
And it's absolutely true that male sexual behaviour and female responses to male demands change a lot when they start communicating - and the levels of the communication that I've seen on the ground in very, very poor areas are so high and I think why don't we have that here?;Emma Thompson;communication
We need men and women to sit down and talk to each other about sex honestly and openly. That would help us fight Aids so immediately. But our lack of communication is hugely problematic.;Emma Thompson;communication
My stay-married secret would probably be exercising good communication, not when you have to but all the time. I think if you do that, you kinda just cleanse the situations, so there's not build up. I think that's probably the best way to do it.;Guy Fieri;communication
I spent a lot of years on the road, and what happens is you find out who your real friends are and you find out where your strengths and weaknesses lie in communication. I've had the same friends for 20 years now and I can count them on one hand.;Sarah McLachlan;communication
The five essential entrepreneurial skills for success are concentration, discrimination, organization, innovation and communication.;Michael Faraday;communication
Music is about communication... it isn't just something that maybe physically sounds good or orally sounds interesting it's something far, far deeper than that.;Evelyn Glennie;communication
I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth - I just hate what is being done with it.;Alton Brown;communication
Making movies is not rocket science. It's about relationships and communication and strangers coming together to see if they can get along harmoniously, productively, and creatively. That's a challenge. When it works, it's fantastic and will lift you up. When it doesn't work, it's almost just as fascinating.;Julia Roberts;communication
To succeed, you will soon learn, as I did, the importance of a solid foundation in the basics of education - literacy, both verbal and numerical, and communication skills.;Alan Greenspan;communication
The first reason for the preponderant influence of those Evangelicals who define themselves as advocates of Religious Right theological and political ideologies is that they have both the financial means and technological know-how to make widespread use of modern electronic forms of communication.;Tony Campolo;communication
And once you get instantaneous communication with everybody, you have economic activity that's far more advanced, far more liquid, far more distributed than ever before.;Marc Andreessen;communication
The art of effective listening is essential to clear communication, and clear communication is necessary to management success.;James Cash Penney;communication
Communication is so key.;Ashley Tisdale;communication
But theater, because of its nature, both text, images, multimedia effects, has a wider base of communication with an audience. That's why I call it the most social of the various art forms.;Wole Soyinka;communication
What is music anyway? It's a form of communication, and that's why I play the kind of music that I think - that I hope - can communicate with people.;Kenny G;communication
The five essential entrepreneurial skills for success: Concentration, Discrimination, Organization, Innovation and Communication.;Harold S. Geneen;communication
There must be a reason why photographers are not very good at verbal communication. I think we get lazy.;Annie Leibovitz;communication
Technique is communication: the two words are synonymous in conductors.;Leonard Bernstein;communication
I'm interested in the theater because I'm interested in communication with audiences. Otherwise I would be in concert music.;Stephen Sondheim;communication
I won't compare ants and people, but ants give us a useful model of how single members of a community can become so organized that they end up resembling, in effect, one big collective brain. Our own exploding population and communication technology are leading us that way.;Lewis Thomas;communication
The new artists coming through were very materialistic and Hollywood, not so engaged in communication.;Patti Smith;communication
In a way song writing can almost be detrimental, because suddenly you find an outlet that is a kind of cheating. You don't need to have direct communication. You can say, 'I can't describe it to you, but I will record it and send it to you.';James Blunt;communication
That said, the question remains: how to strike the balance between free speech and mutual respect in this mixed-up world, both blessed and cursed with instant communication? We should not fight fire with fire, threats with threats.;Timothy Garton Ash;communication
I believe that no matter what you do in life, if you learn the basics through theater, it will help you in everything else - problem solving, communication, discipline, all of that stuff.;Laura Linney;communication
People make music to get a reaction. Music is communication.;Yoko Ono;communication
What does music mean to me? I don't think I would really be much without it, without it coming through me. It's my means of communication, my means of growth, my means of transportation from one point in my life to another.;Erykah Badu;communication
I can't be a hypocrite as a coach because as a player that's what I wanted. I wanted feedback, I wanted communication from the boss. I showed up for work, you can yell at me if you want, but I want input. So that's the kind of coach I want to be.;Adam Oates;communication
I speak onstage to try to establish some method of communication. The songs are supposed to be a way of communicating. But speech and drinks and sometimes chocolates are also a way of communicating.;Jarvis Cocker;communication
The mind, in proportion as it is cut off from free communication with nature, with revelation, with God, with itself, loses its life, just as the body droops when debarred from the air and the cheering light from heaven.;William Ellery Channing;communication
That's why I do this music business thing, it's communication with people without having the extreme inconvenience of actually phoning anybody up.;Steven Morrissey;communication
You're talking about a younger generation, Generation Y, whose interpersonal communication skills are different from Generation X. The younger generation is more comfortable saying something through a digital mechanism than even face to face.;Erik Qualman;communication
We emphasize that such a form of communication is not absent in man, however evanescent a naturally given object may be for him, split as it is in its submission to symbols.;Jacques Lacan;communication
I never told a victim story about my imprisonment. Instead, I told a transformation story - about how prison changed my outlook, about how I saw that communication, truth, and trust are at the heart of power.;Fernando Flores;communication
I thought my life was mapped out. Research, living in the forest, teaching and writing. But in '86 I went to a conference and realised the chimpanzees were disappearing. I had worldwide recognition and a gift of communication. I had to use them.;Jane Goodall;communication
People recognize certain things, like 'D' means 'this dialogue stinks.' We're dealing with shows that are written here, shot in New York and posted back here. Accurate communication is a necessity.;Dick Wolf;communication
My wife and I have built trust with our children and have always had open communication.;Rick Springfield;communication
I don't think there has been enough communication between the players and the tournaments. In one sense it's just as much the players' fault. Players talk between each other and in the locker room about things that can be improved and then when the time comes to talk and really do something about it they stop.;Novak Djokovic;communication
I slept for four years. I didn't study much of anything. I majored in something called communication arts.;Don DeLillo;communication
Anonymous blog comments, vapid video pranks and lightweight mash-ups may seem trivial and harmless, but as a whole, this widespread practice of fragmentary, impersonal communication has demeaned personal interaction.;Jaron Lanier;communication
It's populated by people who, by and large, have terrific communication skills. Every day is an extraordinary day. For me, it was just a great area for storytelling.;Aaron Sorkin;communication
The thing I've come to learn is that what's great about small independent films is the intimacy and the communication that occurs when you're making them.;Guy Pearce;communication
I don't understand why people whose entire lives or their corporate success depends on communication, and yet they are led on occasion by CEOs who cannot talk their way out of a paper bag and don't care to.;Frank Luntz;communication
Ideology and communication more often than not run into each other rather than complement each other. Principle and communication work together. Ideology and communication often work apart.;Frank Luntz;communication
I do a little fact checking now and then. Other than that its impact is simply that email has revolutionized communication for me, and my website has built up a community of readers, which is a lot of fun.;Lee Child;communication
Civilization grew in the beginning from the minute that we had communication - particularly communication by sea that enabled people to get inspiration and ideas from each other and to exchange basic raw materials.;Thor Heyerdahl;communication
The level of communication you can achieve with an infant is really profound.;Mayim Bialik;communication
There is a world of communication which is not dependent on words.;Mary Martin;communication
During the past few decades, modern technology, with radio, TV, air travel, and satellites, has woven a network of communication which puts each part of the world in to almost instant contact with all the other parts.;David Bohm;communication
I'm talking to you and it's basically a direct communication, whereas if I'm writing a letter to you and you read the letter, there are like 12 extra deconstruction and reconstruction steps in the communication.;Kevin J. Anderson;communication
I understand why people went nuts for 'The Artist.' We use words so much, it's nice to be able to explore a different way of communication, to be able to express silently what someone - or something - is thinking or feeling.;Andy Serkis;communication
The art of communication is the language of leadership.;James Humes;communication
Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard.;Anne Spencer;communication
It's a difficult undertaking. I've been married for four years and I see this movie as a cautionary tale about people who've gone deeply out of communication.;Mark Ruffalo;communication
As a whole, the managers today are different in temperament. Most have very good communication skills and are more understanding of the umpire's job. That doesn't mean they are better managers. It just means that I perceive today's managers a bit differently.;Jim Evans;communication
The thing that I've always been slightly frustrated with, was that the idea of a CD is kind of confined to a material possession that you can put on a shelf. And the idea of music, for me, is always about both the communication and the sharing of content. And so the interactive part is missing.;Yo-Yo Ma;communication
There's all these ways to instantly communicate - cars, computers, telephone and transportation - and even with all that, it's so hard to find people and have an honest communication with them.;Jason Schwartzman;communication
