Time takes away the grief of men.;Desiderius Erasmus;men
If the world were a logical place, men would ride side saddle.;Rita Mae Brown;men
By nature, men love newfangledness.;Geoffrey Chaucer;men
Human misery is too great for men to do without faith.;Heinrich Heine;men
Italian men do appreciate beautiful women. They're not afraid of the beauty, which is nice.;Eva Herzigova;men
Men may live fools, but fools they cannot die.;Edward Young;men
There is always a type of man who says he loves his fellow men, and expects to make a living at it.;E. W. Howe;men
Men have as exaggerated an idea of their rights as women have of their wrongs.;E. W. Howe;men
Law describes the way things would work if men were angels.;Christopher Dawson;men
A lot of times, women don't get the male perspective in regards to a relationship, what men go through when they're not really dealing well.;Morris Chestnut;men
Men are different. When they are in love they may also have other girlfriends.;Zhang Ziyi;men
Where all men think alike, no one thinks very much.;Walter Lippmann;men
All men's gains are the fruit of venturing.;Herodotus;men
All men have an instinct for conflict: at least, all healthy men.;Hilaire Belloc;men
We should weep for men at their birth, not at their death.;Charles de Montesquieu;men
I have 20,000 girlfriends, all around the world.;Justin Timberlake;men
The beauty of a strong, lasting commitment is often best understood by men incapable of it.;Murray Kempton;men
Commitment means that it is possible for a man to yield the nerve center of his consent to a purpose or cause, a movement or an ideal, which may be more important to him than whether he lives or dies.;Howard Thurman;men
Men are actually the weaker sex.;George Weinberg;men
Either men will learn to live like brothers, or they will die like beasts.;Max Lerner;men
Men, who are rogues individually, are in the mass very honorable people.;Charles de Secondat;men
No gentleman ever discusses any relationship with a lady.;Keith Miller;men
Women thrive on novelty and are easy meat for the commerce of fashion. Men prefer old pipes and torn jackets.;Anthony Burgess;men
Men are not against you they are merely for themselves.;Gene Fowler;men
Culture makes all men gentle.;Menander;men
When a man is no longer anxious to do better than well, he is done for.;Benjamin Haydon;men
Truth sits upon the lips of dying men.;Matthew Arnold;men
You can't keep changing men, so you settle for changing your lipstick.;Heather Locklear;men
Neutral men are the devil's allies.;Edwin Hubbel Chapin;men
I think men are afraid to be with a successful woman, because we are terribly strong, we know what we want and we are not fragile enough.;Shirley Bassey;men
Stronger by weakness, wiser men become.;Edmund Waller;men
Whenever ideas fail, men invent words.;Martin H. Fischer;men
No nice men are good at getting taxis.;Katharine Whitehorn;men
Men are often biased in their judgment on account of their sympathy and their interests.;George William Norris;men
For most men life is a search for the proper manila envelope in which to get themselves filed.;Clifton Paul Fadiman;men
That common cold of the male psyche, fear of commitment.;Richard Schickel;men
We the people are the rightful masters of both Congress and the courts, not to overthrow the Constitution but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution.;Abraham Lincoln;men
Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;men
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.;Abraham Lincoln;men
A wise and frugal Government, which shall restrain men from injuring one another, which shall leave them otherwise free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement, and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned. This is the sum of good government, and this is necessary to close the circlue of our felicities.;Thomas Jefferson;men
All men dream, but not equally. Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds, wake in the day to find that it was vanity: but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act on their dreams with open eyes, to make them possible.;T. E. Lawrence;men
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.;Edmund Burke;men
All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players: they have their exits and their entrances and one man in his time plays many parts, his acts being seven ages.;William Shakespeare;men
Rarely do we find men who willingly engage in hard, solid thinking. There is an almost universal quest for easy answers and half-baked solutions. Nothing pains some people more than having to think.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;men
A nation or civilization that continues to produce soft-minded men purchases its own spiritual death on the installment plan.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;men
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.;Helen Keller;men
People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf.;George Orwell;men
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.;Buddha;men
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.;John F. Kennedy;men
Wise men speak because they have something to say Fools because they have to say something.;Plato;men
It is wonderful how much time good people spend fighting the devil. If they would only expend the same amount of energy loving their fellow men, the devil would die in his own tracks of ennui.;Helen Keller;men
The means by which we live have outdistanced the ends for which we live. Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;men
Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friendship.;Oscar Wilde;men
We have guided missiles and misguided men.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;men
Force always attracts men of low morality.;Albert Einstein;men
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.;Buddha;men
To sin by silence when they should protest makes cowards of men.;Abraham Lincoln;men
If I am walking with two other men, each of them will serve as my teacher. I will pick out the good points of the one and imitate them, and the bad points of the other and correct them in myself.;Confucius;men
Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.;Abraham Lincoln;men
There are three kinds of men. The one that learns by reading. The few who learn by observation. The rest of them have to pee on the electric fence for themselves.;Will Rogers;men
All men's souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine.;Socrates;men
There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.;Ernest Hemingway;men
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.;Plato;men
Within the covers of the Bible are the answers for all the problems men face.;Ronald Reagan;men
Every man is said to have his peculiar ambition. Whether it be true or not, I can say for one that I have no other so great as that of being truly esteemed of my fellow men, by rendering myself worthy of their esteem.;Abraham Lincoln;men
We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.;Thomas Jefferson;men
There is a tide in the affairs of men, Which taken at the flood, leads on to fortune. Omitted, all the voyage of their life is bound in shallows and in miseries. On such a full sea are we now afloat. And we must take the current when it serves, or lose our ventures.;William Shakespeare;men
Above all, we must realize that no arsenal, or no weapon in the arsenals of the world, is so formidable as the will and moral courage of free men and women. It is a weapon our adversaries in today's world do not have.;Ronald Reagan;men
Associate with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation for it is better to be alone than in bad company.;George Washington;men
The assertion that 'all men are created equal' was of no practical use in effecting our separation from Great Britain and it was placed in the Declaration not for that, but for future use.;Abraham Lincoln;men
Our defense is in the preservation of the spirit which prizes liberty as a heritage of all men, in all lands, everywhere. Destroy this spirit and you have planted the seeds of despotism around your own doors.;Abraham Lincoln;men
These men ask for just the same thing, fairness, and fairness only. This, so far as in my power, they, and all others, shall have.;Abraham Lincoln;men
I see when men love women. They give them but a little of their lives. But women when they love give everything.;Oscar Wilde;men
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.;Winston Churchill;men
Every creature is better alive than dead, men and moose and pine trees, and he who understands it aright will rather preserve its life than destroy it.;Henry David Thoreau;men
It has always been a mystery to me how men can feel themselves honoured by the humiliation of their fellow beings.;Mahatma Gandhi;men
Democracy is when the indigent, and not the men of property, are the rulers.;Aristotle;men
The evil that men do lives after them the good is oft interred with their bones.;William Shakespeare;men
The time is near at hand which must determine whether Americans are to be free men or slaves.;George Washington;men
Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes a reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results.;William James;men
Men are what their mothers made them.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;men
Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after.;Henry David Thoreau;men
Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.;Robert A. Heinlein;men
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.;Confucius;men
Timid men prefer the calm of despotism to the tempestuous sea of liberty.;Thomas Jefferson;men
It has always seemed strange to me... the things we admire in men, kindness and generosity, openness, honesty, understanding and feeling, are the concomitants of failure in our system. And those traits we detest, sharpness, greed, acquisitiveness, meanness, egotism and self-interest, are the traits of success. And while men admire the quality of the first they love the produce of the second.;John Steinbeck;men
The hours I spend with you I look upon as sort of a perfumed garden, a dim twilight, and a fountain singing to it. You and you alone make me feel that I am alive. Other men it is said have seen angels, but I have seen thee and thou art enough.;George Edward Moore;men
Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings, so that you shall gain easily what others have labored hard for.;Socrates;men
The important thing is that men should have a purpose in life. It should be something useful, something good.;Dalai Lama;men
All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.;Brian Tracy;men
As far as I knew white women were never lonely, except in books. White men adored them, Black men desired them and Black women worked for them.;Maya Angelou;men
As our enemies have found we can reason like men, so now let us show them we can fight like men also.;Thomas Jefferson;men
Before success comes in any man's life, he's sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit. That's exactly what the majority of men do.;Napoleon Hill;men
Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack. Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;men
Women may fall when there's no strength in men.;William Shakespeare;men
What does love look like? It has the hands to help others. It has the feet to hasten to the poor and needy. It has eyes to see misery and want. It has the ears to hear the sighs and sorrows of men. That is what love looks like.;Saint Augustine;men
It does not take a majority to prevail... but rather an irate, tireless minority, keen on setting brushfires of freedom in the minds of men.;Samuel Adams;men
An association of men who will not quarrel with one another is a thing which has never yet existed, from the greatest confederacy of nations down to a town meeting or a vestry.;Thomas Jefferson;men
I have no fear that the result of our experiment will be that men may be trusted to govern themselves without a master.;Thomas Jefferson;men
