Canada's the best country in the world.;Justin Bieber;best
Next to acquiring good friends, the best acquisition is that of good books.;Charles Caleb Colton;best
The days you work are the best days.;Georgia O'Keeffe;best
Sometimes you feel awkward being what you're best at, you feel like you have to be something new.;Marilyn Manson;best
The best men of the best epochs are simply those who make the fewest blunders and commit the fewest sins.;Thomas Huxley;best
Quit while you're ahead. All the best gamblers do.;Baltasar Gracian;best
Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot.;Clarence Thomas;best
It is best for the wise man not to seem wise.;Aeschylus;best
I have always thought that change you can see and feel is best.;Henry Rollins;best
The best mind-altering drug is the truth.;Lily Tomlin;best
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best.;St. Jerome;best
We are all of us failures, at least, the best of us are.;James M. Barrie;best
There are two way of establishing a reputation, one to be praised by honest people and the other to be accused by rogues. It is best, however, to secure the first one, because it will always be accompanied by the latter.;Charles Caleb Colton;best
The compensation of a very early success is a conviction that life is a romantic matter. In the best sense one stays young.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;best
The best time to plan a book is while you're doing the dishes.;Agatha Christie;best
Comfort in expressing your emotions will allow you to share the best of yourself with others, but not being able to control your emotions will reveal your worst.;Bryant H. McGill;best
The unions say 'last hired - first fired,', we say hire and fire based on merit. We want the best and brightest in the classroom.;Scott Walker;best
I'm full of fears and I do my best to avoid difficulties and any kind of complications. I like everything around me to be clear as crystal and completely calm.;Alfred Hitchcock;best
Where I am today... I still have my ups and downs, but I take it one day at a time and I just hope that I can be the best that I can possibly be, not only for myself, but also young people that are out there today that need someone to look up to.;Demi Lovato;best
The Supreme Court has insulted you over and over again, Lord. They've taken your Bible away from the schools. They've forbidden little children to pray. They've taken the knowledge of God as best they can, and organizations have come into court to take the knowledge of God out of the public square of America.;Pat Robertson;best
The best doctor is the one you run to and can't find.;Denis Diderot;best
Don't despair too much if you see beautiful things destroyed, if you see them perish. Because the best things are always growing in secret.;Ben Okri;best
As an elder of the Americas and of the rest of the planet, it is my responsibility to care for and protect, to the best of my ability, the young.;Alice Walker;best
He who keeps his cool best wins.;Norman Cousins;best
It is not enough to do your best you must know what to do, and then do your best.;W. Edwards Deming;best
A girl's legs are her best friends... but even the best of friends must part.;Redd Foxx;best
Hope is the best possession. None are completely wretched but those who are without hope. Few are reduced so low as that.;William Hazlitt;best
I think that from the time you start playing sports as a child you see that your responsibility to your team is to play the best that you can play as an individual... and yet, not take anything away from being part of a team.;Wayne Gretzky;best
Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.;Plautus;best
All that really matters is I have two beautiful kids, and I'm trying to be the best dad I can possibly be, and that's the most important thing of all.;Tiger Woods;best
I'll tell you one thing: Don't ever give anybody your best advice, because they're not going to follow it.;Jack Nicholson;best
I think that making love is the best form of exercise.;Cary Grant;best
Walking is man's best medicine.;Hippocrates;best
The game of history is usually played by the best and the worst over the heads of the majority in the middle.;Eric Hoffer;best
The best part of the art of living is to know how to grow old gracefully.;Eric Hoffer;best
Golf is so popular simply because it is the best game in the world at which to be bad.;A. A. Milne;best
So if diva means giving your best, then yes, I guess I am a diva.;Patti LaBelle;best
Learned Institutions ought to be favorite objects with every free people. They throw that light over the public mind which is the best security against crafty and dangerous encroachments on the public liberty.;James Madison;best
Your best teacher is your last mistake.;Ralph Nader;best
Time is generally the best doctor.;Ovid;best
One of the greatest things drama can do, at it's best, is to redefine the words we use every day such as love, home, family, loyalty and envy. Tragedy need not be a downer.;Ben Kingsley;best
You have to surround yourself with people who love you and want the best for you.;Mena Suvari;best
Examinations are formidable even to the best prepared, for the greatest fool may ask more than the wisest man can answer.;Charles Caleb Colton;best
The best remedy for a short temper is a long walk.;Joseph Joubert;best
You know the best thing about competition? There's this whole strategy game, and when it all works out its like solving that hard math equation. You finally get the answer and you're so happy.;Shaun White;best
In politics, strangely enough, the best way to play your cards is to lay them face upwards on the table.;H. G. Wells;best
Texas women have an amazing sense of purpose when they lose it. They're the best girls in the world - they're loyal and fun, but when they get mad, they'll try to kill you.;John Cusack;best
Mechanization best serves mediocrity.;Frank Lloyd Wright;best
The waste basket is the writer's best friend.;Isaac Bashevis Singer;best
Always do your best.;Miguel Angel Ruiz;best
Each of us has been put on earth with the ability to do something well. We cheat ourselves and the world if we don't use that ability as best we can.;George Allen, Sr.;best
A grave blockhead should always go about with a lively one - they show one another off to the best advantage.;William Hazlitt;best
My imagination completely controls me, and forever feeds the fire that burns with dark red light in my heart by bringing me the best dreams. I've always had a wild imagination, a big heart and a tortured soul so I feel that dark fantasy, love and horror are in my blood.;Kim Elizabeth;best
The humblest painter is a true scholar and the best of scholars the scholar of nature.;William Hazlitt;best
Laughter is the best medicine - unless you're diabetic, then insulin comes pretty high on the list.;Jasper Carrott;best
Soap and water and common sense are the best disinfectants.;William Osler;best
The best artist has that thought alone Which is contained within the marble shell The sculptor's hand can only break the spell To free the figures slumbering in the stone.;Michelangelo;best
Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water.;Christopher Morley;best
From now until the end of time no one else will ever see life with my eyes, and I mean to make the best of my chance.;Christopher Morley;best
There are lots of things which I would love to tell him, but in some way, I also feel that I lost the person closest to me. And I got a second chance to live. So in a way I feel that I live for both of us... and I will do my best.;Petra Nemcova;best
The best teacher is the one who suggests rather than dogmatizes, and inspires his listener with the wish to teach himself.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;best
I've always believed that there are funny people everywhere, but they're just not comedians. In fact, some of my best comedic inspirations were not professional entertainers.;Steve Martin;best
A lot of women these days, a lot of young women don't want to call themselves feminists. You have this cheap, hideous 'girl power' sort of fad, which I think is pretty benign at best, but at worst, I think it's a way of taking the politics out of feminism and making it some kind of fashion.;Ani DiFranco;best
Cigarettes and coffee: an alcoholic's best friend!;Gerard Way;best
I'm very competitive by nature. And I like to be the underdog - It's the best way to win. To come from behind and win is a great feeling!;Zac Efron;best
When you do something best in life, you don't really want to give that up - and for me it's tennis.;Roger Federer;best
My belief is that communication is the best way to create strong relationships.;Jada Pinkett Smith;best
It is best to love wisely, no doubt but to love foolishly is better than not to be able to love at all.;William Makepeace Thackeray;best
Amidst all the clutter, beyond all the obstacles, aside from all the static, are the goals set. Put your head down, do the best job possible, let the flak pass, and work towards those goals.;Donald Rumsfeld;best
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year.;Franklin P. Adams;best
But one of the things I learned is that when you fight for something you believe in and you tell the truth and you do your best, you can always hold your head up high and no one can take that away from you.;Vanessa Kerry;best
The best way to turn a woman's head is to tell her she has a beautiful profile.;Sacha Guitry;best
Among the best traitors Ireland has ever had, Mother Church ranks at the very top, a massive obstacle in the path to equality and freedom. She has been a force for conservatism... to ward off threats to her own security and influence.;Bernadette Devlin;best
The best protection any woman can have... is courage.;Elizabeth Cady Stanton;best
The best thing to do is stare it in the face and move on. We have to face our fears and plow through. I think taking chances takes a lot more courage than staying stagnant and doing what's safe and comfortable.;Terri Clark;best
Diligence is the mother of good fortune, and idleness, its opposite, never brought a man to the goal of any of his best wishes.;Miguel de Cervantes;best
Fairest and best adorned is she Whose clothing is humility.;James Montgomery;best
You can only do your best. That's all you can do. And if it isn't good enough, it isn't good enough.;Imelda Staunton;best
The best place a person can die, is where they die for others.;James M. Barrie;best
Not to be born is, past all prizing, best.;Sophocles;best
Sometimes you get the best light from a burning bridge.;Don Henley;best
It is best to live however one can be.;Sophocles;best
Real education should consist of drawing the goodness and the best out of our own students. What better books can there be than the book of humanity?;Cesar Chavez;best
Holidays are the best. I couldn't imagine being from a small family.;Kim Kardashian;best
I just feel my best when I'm all glammed up.;Kim Kardashian;best
To look and feel my best, I watch my calories and exercise.;Kim Kardashian;best
If I look at the message I'm portraying, I think it definitely is be who you are, but be your best you.;Kim Kardashian;best
I know some people say it's not the best to work with your family, but I have never understood that because it's always worked so well for me.;Kim Kardashian;best
The best plan now is to have as many bosses as possible. I call it boss diversity. If you work for a company and you have one boss and that boss doesn't like you or wants to get rid of you, you're in trouble. But if you work for yourself, you have lots of bosses, who are your customers, and if a few of them decide they don't like you, that's okay.;Scott Adams;best
Every Body has so good an Opinion of their own Understanding as to think their own way the best.;Mary Astell;best
In matters of conscience, first thoughts are best. In matters of prudence, last thoughts are best.;Robert Hall;best
Since I'm always working, my best holiday memories are definitely when I can just go home and spend time with my family.;Chris Brown;best
It's impossible, I think, however much I'd become disillusioned politically or evolve into a post-political person, I don't think I'd ever change my view that socialism is the best political moment humans have ever come up with.;Christopher Hitchens;best
Join me in Olympic Heros for Abstinence. The best sex is no sex.;Kurt Angle;best
Lay this unto your breast: Old friends, like old swords, still are trusted best.;John Webster;best
Confrontation is not a dirty word. Sometimes it's the best kind of journalism as long you don't confront people just for the sake of a confrontation.;Don Hewitt;best
A lot of the fun lies in trying to penetrate the mystery and this is best done by saying over the lines to yourself again and again, till they pass through the stage of sounding like nonsense, and finally return to a full sense that had at first escaped notice.;Anthony Hecht;best
Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret.;Miguel Angel Ruiz;best
It is my belief that we all have the need to feel special. It is this need that can bring out the best in us, yet the worst in us.;Janet Jackson;best
