Caring for children is a dance between setting appropriate limits as caretakers and avoiding unnecessary power struggles that result in unhappiness.;Charlotte Davis Kasl;power
The oil companies regard nuclear power as their rival, who will reduce their profits, so they put out a lot of disinformation about nuclear power.;James Lovelock;power
In terms of individuals who actually inspired me, very few of the academic people that I had access to had that power over me. Maybe it's simply because I wasn't that committed to geometry.;Twyla Tharp;power
There is much to dislike about President Obama's approach to the financial crisis. But opposition, it seems, will have to come from somewhere other than conservatism. The party out of power is also a party out of touch.;Thomas Frank;power
It is always a disappointment to turn from forthright consideration of some subject - whether from the Left or the Right, a poet or a plumber - to the Beltway version, in which the only aspects of the issue that matter are the effects it will have on the fortunes of the two parties and the various men in power.;Thomas Frank;power
There are people in the world who have the power to change our values.;John Mayer;power
What one writer can make in the solitude of one room is something no power can easily destroy.;Salman Rushdie;power
Before, I was really passive, all I cared about was being in love with my boyfriend. I didn't have any creative power, nothing. I don't know that person any more.;Gwen Stefani;power
I like to make music, I like rap music. Even if I'm white, I support that music. If I want to support it or any other white kid wants to support it more power to them.;Kid Rock;power
We should try to understand our innermost needs. We shouldn't use irony to reduce their power.;Manuel Puig;power
For it pleased God, after he had made all things by the word of his power, to create man after his own image.;George Whitefield;power
In the sense that you're not at the centre of power, like a president or prime minister of a major power, everyone is marginalised my position doesn't isn't unique in that respect. I think there are different sorts of relevance in different contexts.;Peter Singer;power
Never underestimate the power of a simple tool.;Craig Bruce;power
Everyone asks me about being so worried or thinking about existence as if I'm the only person who can't understand why a tree grows the way it does or why a person is in power when they're not that great. These are questions everyone has.;Chris Martin;power
Culture follows power.;Fareed Zakaria;power
Once upon a time my political opponents honored me as possessing the fabulous intellectual and economic power by which I created a worldwide depression all by myself.;Herbert Hoover;power
When the Lord Chancellor violates the trust of his great office of state to solicit party donations from people whose careers he can control, and then says I'm not sorry, and I'd do it again no wonder the public think that power has gone to their heads.;William Hague;power
It's not possible for two countries to be the leading dominant political power at the same time.;Fareed Zakaria;power
Power doesn't have to be on such a big scale for powerful things to occur. Within your own home, you can be a powerful woman as a mother, influencing your children's lives.;Jill Scott;power
The world is not going into concentric blocs of power. It is actually going into a diffusion of power with more centres of decision-making than ever in human civilisation. That requires you to place yourself in far more hubs of power than ever before.;William Hague;power
In a world awash in debt, power shifts to creditors.;Fareed Zakaria;power
I have two daughters and I have done everything in my power to prevent them from assimilating, even being aware of, my idiocy about my weight.;Ayelet Waldman;power
As a woman who has some sort of power, you have to have a man that can take that. It's hard to find those men.;Jessica Simpson;power
I always tell my kids that as soon as you have a secret, something about you that you are ashamed to have others find out, you have given other people the power to hurt you by exposing you.;Ayelet Waldman;power
Politics and power is a realm of relative influence.;Fareed Zakaria;power
The power which establishes a state is violence the power which maintains it is violence the power which eventually overthrows it is violence.;Kenneth Kaunda;power
I learned about the market's power when I was traded to the Buffalo Bills for $100.;Jack Kemp;power
I am sure that no man can derive more pleasure from money or power than I do from seeing a pair of basketball goals in some out of the way place.;James Naismith;power
The force of the advertising word and image dwarfs the power of other literature in the 20th century.;Daniel J. Boorstin;power
What the Lib Dems have failed to do is offer any meaningful agenda for government or for power.;Lucy Powell;power
Well, the first thing is that truth and power for me form an antithesis, an antagonism, which will hardly ever be resolved. I can define in fact, can simplify the history of human society, the evolution of human society, as a contest between power and freedom.;Wole Soyinka;power
If the power to do hard work is not a skill, it's the best possible substitute for it.;James A. Garfield;power
People didn't wasn't the People's party to come in to power again, so they saw NS a viable alternative not us, because everyone knew we were not ready.;Imran Khan;power
We have a market-driven society so obsessed with buying and selling and obsessed with power and pleasure and property.;Cornel West;power
The power I exert on the court depends on the power of my arguments, not on my gender.;Sandra Day O'Connor;power
I put for the general inclination of all mankind, a perpetual and restless desire of power after power, that ceaseth only in death.;Thomas Hobbes;power
The obligation of subjects to the sovereign is understood to last as long, and no longer, than the power lasteth by which he is able to protect them.;Thomas Hobbes;power
The corporate woman has been defined as the 'liberated woman' and I see that as the exact opposite. I think she now is more enslaved, maybe even more than the housewife was because she's so out of her power, and imitating male power is not female power.;Kenny Loggins;power
Information can bring you choices and choices bring power - educate yourself about your options and choices. Never remain in the dark of ignorance.;Joy Page;power
A major power can afford a military debacle only when it looks like a political victory.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;power
The chief function of the city is to convert power into form, energy into culture, dead matter into the living symbols of art, biological reproduction into social creativity.;Lewis Mumford;power
Biology always beats will power.;Mehmet Oz;power
But the cause for which we fought was higher our thought wider... That thought was our power.;Joshua Chamberlain;power
We need to understand that we are not each others' enemies in this country. And it is only the political class that derives its power by creating friction. It is only the media that derives its importance by creating friction... that uses every little thing to create this chasm between people. This is not who we are.;Benjamin Carson;power
Protect IP (PIPA) and the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) are a step towards a different kind of Internet. They are a step towards an Internet in which those with money and lawyers and access to power have a greater voice than those who don't.;Ron Wyden;power
The super power that I would choose would be compassion. Because that's what I think it takes to make it through life-an understanding, a give and take. It saves an awful lot of resentment.;Craig T. Nelson;power
It was R.E.M. who showed other Eighties bands how to get away with ignoring the rules - they lived in some weird town nobody never heard of, they didn't play power chords, they probably couldn't even spell 'spandex.' All they had was songs.;Rob Sheffield;power
The bitterest creature under heaven is the wife who discovers that her husband's bravery is only bravado, that his strength is only a uniform, that his power is but a gun in the hands of a fool.;Pearl S. Buck;power
The reality is that the special interest groups that have lobbied against Free Choice Vouchers object to any measure that would empower employees to have a say in their health benefits because it begins to erode their power in the current health care system.;Ron Wyden;power
Movies for adults sucked in the 1980s, and music for adults sucked even worse whether we're talking about Kathleen Turner flicks or Sting albums, the decade's non-teen culture has no staying power at all.;Rob Sheffield;power
What the world needs is a small, compact, flexible fusion technology that could make electricity where and when it is needed. The existing fusion program is leading to a huge source of centralized power, at a price that nobody except a government can afford.;Freeman Dyson;power
I've become invested with this symbolic power. It really does transcend what I'm actually doing and what I actually deserve.;Nate Silver;power
I do support artists standing by their beliefs and walking with integrity. We have to find a better way to commercially exploit music while giving artists their proper respect. This cannot be done while taking their contributions for granted or trying to control the scope of their growth and power through threats and fear tactics.;Lauryn Hill;power
The power of the American system of republicanism lies in its capacity to allow religious belief to be a competing, not a controlling, factor in American life.;Jon Meacham;power
Words to me were magic. You could say a word and it could conjure up all kinds of images or feelings or a chilly sensation or whatever. It was amazing to me that words had this power.;Amy Tan;power
The attacks of September 11 - and subsequent acts of terror from London to Madrid to Fort Hood, Texas - embody the most repulsive of human instincts, the will to power at the price of the lives of others.;Jon Meacham;power
When governments become large, voters cannot exercise close oversight, otherwise known as political power.;Maggie Gallagher;power
I like doing things where I can get dirty, work with my hands, and use power tools. Last weekend, I did some grouting.;Nathan Fillion;power
In the same way that we need statesmen to spare us the abjection of exercising power, we need scholars to spare us the abjection of learning.;Jean Baudrillard;power
Power without principle is barren, but principle without power is futile. This is a party of government, and I will lead it as a party of government.;Tony Blair;power
I am on the power toothbrush train and I'm asking people to try to using an Oral B power toothbrush. I just started using one and I cannot believe that I waited this long to use a power toothbrush. It's so much easier than using a manual toothbrush.;Sherri Shepherd;power
I say to the Taliban: surrender the terrorists or surrender power. It's your choice.;Tony Blair;power
I lived by the candlelight for two years because I couldn't afford power. It was nice and romantic at the time, but if you can't afford power you're pretty broke. You endure it.;Jeremy Renner;power
I have hair that I audition with, my sitcom hair which is a curly wig. I have my long chic hair that I wear to my son's school so they know I'm not playing around. I always tell people that my husband gets a different woman every night when I come home from 'The View.' Hair makes you feel a certain way, like putting a power suit on.;Sherri Shepherd;power
The superior power of population cannot be checked without producing misery or vice.;Thomas Malthus;power
I consider 'Dr. Horrible' a tremendous success. The fact that it won an Emmy I just think lends validity to what we were doing and the point we were trying to make: taking the power into someone else's hands and changing the world.;Nathan Fillion;power
Obama has no power to change American policy because there are people who specialize in drawing these policies, which have been and still are hostile towards Islam.;Muqtada al Sadr;power
Today we thank God for all the blessings He has bestowed upon this great Country and ask Him to continue to heal our land and meet our needs - and we do so through the power of prayer.;Nick Rahall;power
Nowhere has the political power of coal been more obvious than in presidential campaigns.;Jeff Goodell;power
Prayer is commission. Out of the quietness with God, power is generated that turns the spiritual machinery of the world. When you pray, you begin to feel the sense of being sent, that the divine compulsion is upon you.;E. Stanley Jones;power
Life is suffering. Life is not resistance to suffering. The point of life is to suffer. This is why we're here: We're here to suffer. I believe in a higher power that compassionately allows suffering for us as a race, to grow and mature.;Rainn Wilson;power
When it comes to energy, cost isn't everything - but it's a lot. Everybody wants cheap power.;Jeff Goodell;power
This is the pain pacemaker. I've got a battery under my skin. From that battery are two electrodes that go into the spine where they cut bone away to accommodate it. Now I put on the power here. If I have the pain, the stimulator starts. It's tingling, like when your foot falls asleep, you know?;Jerry Lewis;power
In reality, Republicans have long been at war with clean energy. They have ridiculed investments in solar and wind power, bashed energy-efficiency standards, attacked state moves to promote renewable energy and championed laws that would enshrine taxpayer subsidies for fossil fuels while stripping them from wind and solar.;Jeff Goodell;power
The sublimity of administration consists in knowing the proper degree of power that should be exerted on different occasions.;Charles de Montesquieu;power
Mark Ruffalo, aka the Incredible Hulk, is the natural gas industry's worst nightmare: a serious, committed activist who is determined to use his star power as a superhero in the hottest movie of the moment to draw attention the environmental and public health risks of fracking.;Jeff Goodell;power
We say no to lots of things that would please us. I would like to punch people every now and then, but I don't. I would like to have something for free rather than pay for it. I would like to skip to the front of the line... I don't mean to brush aside the taste of meat, which is a powerful attraction. But its power is not without limit.;Jonathan Safran Foer;power
The coal industry is an even larger part of the Australian economy than it is of the American, and it has an enormous amount of political power.;Jeff Goodell;power
A tool is usually more simple than a machine it is generally used with the hand, whilst a machine is frequently moved by animal or steam power.;Charles Babbage;power
Bloomberg's $50 million is not going to revolutionize the electric power industry. But his willingness to fight is already inspiring others to see Big Coal differently.;Jeff Goodell;power
Another mode of accumulating power arises from lifting a weight and then allowing it to fall.;Charles Babbage;power
One thing you can say about nuclear power: the people who believe it is the silver bullet for America's energy problems never give up.;Jeff Goodell;power
You can't stop loving or wanting to love because when its right it's the best thing in the world. When you're in a relationship and its good, even if nothing else in your life is right, you feel like your whole world is complete.;Keith Sweat;relationship
Spiritual relationship is far more precious than physical. Physical relationship divorced from spiritual is body without soul.;Mahatma Gandhi;relationship
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.;Euripides;relationship
Courage means to keep working a relationship, to continue seeking solutions to difficult problems, and to stay focused during stressful periods.;Denis Waitley;relationship
You don't develop courage by being happy in your relationships everyday. You develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity.;Epicurus;relationship
A person isn't who they are during the last conversation you had with them - they're who they've been throughout your whole relationship.;Rainer Maria Rilke;relationship
The only real security is not in owning or possessing, not in demanding or expecting, not in hoping, even. Security in a relationship lies neither in looking back to what it was, nor forward to what it might be, but living in the present and accepting it as it is now.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;relationship
Falling in love and having a relationship are two different things.;Keanu Reeves;relationship
The more connections you and your lover make, not just between your bodies, but between your minds, your hearts, and your souls, the more you will strengthen the fabric of your relationship, and the more real moments you will experience together.;Barbara de Angelis;relationship
Nothing is perfect. Life is messy. Relationships are complex. Outcomes are uncertain. People are irrational.;Hugh Mackay;relationship
I am convinced that material things can contribute a lot to making one's life pleasant, but, basically, if you do not have very good friends and relatives who matter to you, life will be really empty and sad and material things cease to be important.;David Rockefeller;relationship
Find joy in everything you choose to do. Every job, relationship, home... it's your responsibility to love it, or change it.;Chuck Palahniuk;relationship
In a relationship each person should support the other they should lift each other up.;Taylor Swift;relationship
So many people prefer to live in drama because it's comfortable. It's like someone staying in a bad marriage or relationship - it's actually easier to stay because they know what to expect every day, versus leaving and not knowing what to expect.;Ellen DeGeneres;relationship
If civilization is to survive, we must cultivate the science of human relationships - the ability of all peoples, of all kinds, to live together, in the same world at peace.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;relationship
The relationship between husband and wife should be one of closest friends.;B. R. Ambedkar;relationship
If you're married, and you have a wife, and you really love your wife, is it good enough to only say to your wife 'I love her' the day you get married? Or should you tell her every single day when you wake up and every opportunity? And that's how I feel about my relationship with Jesus Christ is that it is the most important thing in my life.;Tim Tebow;relationship
