I'm not terribly happy about rock and roll. Certain rock music is uninspiring, numbing it makes you feel like an idiot.;Manuel Puig;music
Racism is taught in the home. We agree on that? Well, it's very hard to teach racism to a teenager who's listening to rap music and who idolizes, say, Snoop Dogg. It's hard to say, 'That guy is less than you.' The kid is like, 'I like that guy, he's cool. How is he less than me?;Jay-Z;music
We're five people, five individuals who came together to create something, to make music and to complete each other musically, to form a perfect circle.;Maynard James Keenan;music
I would say that although my music may be or may have been part of the cultural background fabric of the gay community, I consider myself an outsider who belongs everywhere and nowhere... Being a human being is what truly counts. That's where you'll find me.;Annie Lennox;music
Music is the effort we make to explain to ourselves how our brains work. We listen to Bach transfixed because this is listening to a human mind.;Lewis Thomas;music
All that stuff about heavy metal and hard rock, I don't subscribe to any of that. It's all just music. I mean, the heavy metal from the Seventies sounds nothing like the stuff from the Eighties, and that sounds nothing like the stuff from the Nineties. Who's to say what is and isn't a certain type of music?;Ozzy Osbourne;music
It is jazz music that called me to be a musician and I have always sang the songs that moved me the most.;Harry Connick, Jr.;music
I don't think I'd ever make an album of just covers because I love writing my own music.;Taylor Swift;music
The business aspect is one of the most important things about having a music career, because every choice you make in a management meeting affects your life a year-and-a-half from now.;Taylor Swift;music
Country fans need to support country music by buying albums and concert tickets for traditional artists or the music will just fade away. And that would be really sad.;George Jones;music
The romantic embrace can only be compared with music and with prayer.;Havelock Ellis;music
Learning music by reading about it is like making love by mail.;Luciano Pavarotti;music
I sought my father in the world of the black musician, because it contained wisdom, experience, sadness and loneliness. I was not ever interested in the music of boys. From my youngest years, I was interested in the music of men.;Eric Clapton;music
I have never denied my background or my culture. I have taught my child to embrace her Mexican heritage, to love my first language, Spanish, to learn about Mexican history, music, folk art, food, and even the Mexican candy I grew up with.;Salma Hayek;music
The sound and music are 50% of the entertainment in a movie.;George Lucas;music
Life is like music, it must be composed by ear, feeling and instinct, not by rule. Nevertheless one had better know the rules, for they sometimes guide in doubtful cases, though not often.;Paracelsus;music
Placebo is music for outsiders, by outsiders and our gigs are like conventions of outcasts, which is cool.;Brian Molko;music
I think music is the most phenomenal platform for intellectual thought.;Annie Lennox;music
I believe that music is another form of news. Music is another form of journalism to me so I have to cover all the areas with my album.;Lil Wayne;music
You used to have to sing and convey emotion, and now, well, technically you can do anything with technology. It sucks for music today, but that's why that old music feels so good to me.;Christina Aguilera;music
As a boy, I'd always had an interest in theater. But the idea at my school was that drama and music were to round out the man. It wasn't what one did for a living. I got over that.;Hugh Jackman;music
Musicians are there in front of you, and the spectators sense their tension, which is not the case when you're listening to a record. Your attention is more relaxed. The emotional aspect is more important in live music.;Brian Eno;music
You can't really imagine music without technology.;Brian Eno;music
Good music is very close to primitive language.;Denis Diderot;music
I don't have any real spirituality in my life - I'm kind of an atheist - but when music can take me to the highest heights, it's almost like a spiritual feeling. It fills that void for me.;Jack Black;music
All I do is play music and golf - which one do you want me to give up?;Willie Nelson;music
What is music. A passion for colonies not a love of country.;Gertrude Stein;music
Music is God's gift to man, the only art of Heaven given to earth, the only art of earth we take to Heaven.;Walter Savage Landor;music
Those who seek to satisfy the mind of man by hampering it with ceremonies and music and affecting charity and devotion have lost their original nature.;Zhuangzi;music
Music is an extraordinary vehicle for expressing emotion - very powerful emotions. That's what draws millions of people towards it. And, um, I found myself always going for these darker places and - people identify with that.;Annie Lennox;music
I think one of my favorite things to do is just lock myself up in a small room and listen to music and watch films for a day. Also I just like seeing my friends. We have pizza parties which means I get four friends round, we eat a pizza and we're really lazy and we play PlayStation.;Daniel Radcliffe;music
Music and silence combine strongly because music is done with silence, and silence is full of music.;Marcel Marceau;music
The music business is motivated by money. Music is motivated by energy and feelings.;Erykah Badu;music
Love cannot express the idea of music, while music may give an idea of love.;Hector Berlioz;music
This music won't do. There's not enough sarcasm in it.;Samuel Goldwyn;music
Please write music like Wagner, only louder.;Samuel Goldwyn;music
There are a lot of bands who claim to be punk and they only play the music, they have no clue what it's all about. It's a lifestyle. It's not about popularity and all that crap.;Billie Joe Armstrong;music
Music rhythms are mathematical patterns. When you hear a song and your body starts moving with it, your body is doing math. The kids in their parents' garage practicing to be a band may not realize it, but they're also practicing math.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;music
Music is like a huge release of tension.;James Taylor;music
I had to learn my faith and look after my family, and I had to make priorities. But now I've done it all and there's a little space for me to fill in the universe of music again.;Cat Stevens;music
Popular music formed the soundtrack of my life.;Martin Scorsese;music
I am trying to walk a tightrope trying to keep the DJ community happy while trying to spread the message about dance music to more people. That is the mission that I am on.;David Guetta;music
Yeah, I've been interested in music since I was a teenager, always writing songs.;Jeff Bridges;music
My aim is just to make good music every single time.;Lil Wayne;music
For me the visual is just as important as the music.;Christina Aguilera;music
Blues and soul and jazz music has so much pain, so much beauty of raw emotion and passion.;Christina Aguilera;music
There are only two things worth aiming for, good music and a clean conscience.;Paul Hindemith;music
Of emotions, of love, of breakup, of love and hate and death and dying, mama, apple pie, and the whole thing. It covers a lot of territory, country music does.;Johnny Cash;music
We're a bit flashy, but the music's not one big noise.;Freddie Mercury;music
The music stuff is just a hobby.;Tom Felton;music
I hate the rock music tradition. I can't bear it!;Brian Eno;music
Avant-garde music is sort of research music. You're glad someone's done it but you don't necessarily want to listen to it.;Brian Eno;music
I'd love it if American kids were listening to Muslim music.;Brian Eno;music
Music is the emotional life of most people.;Leonard Cohen;music
The spiral in a snail's shell is the same mathematically as the spiral in the Milky Way galaxy, and it's also the same mathematically as the spirals in our DNA. It's the same ratio that you'll find in very basic music that transcends cultures all over the world.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;music
I found music to be the therapy of choice.;David Byrne;music
The trouble with music appreciation in general is that people are taught to have too much respect for music they should be taught to love it instead.;Igor Stravinsky;music
City people live the city. We live in L.A., New York, we live in places where it's chaotic and you never know what's gonna happen. And that's the music - you never know what's gonna happen.;Alice Cooper;music
In a weird kind of way, music has afforded me an idealism and perfectionism that I could never attain as me.;Billy Corgan;music
That was a time when I did love music, I couldn't get enough of what was going on. Maybe it was Nirvana that brought me back. I guess it was a comfort because something that sounded so right - and non-commercial - had become so influential, so immediately.;Marc Jacobs;music
You can't fake this music. You might be a great singer or a great musician but, in the need, that's got nothing to do with it. It's how you connect to the songs and to the history behind them.;Etta James;music
Music is for every single person that walks the planet.;Robert Plant;music
When I was a kid, I was following black soul music.;Robert Plant;music
Entertainment isn't just based on the very structured syndrome of European popular music, and it's great that there are so many thousands of people who are of the same opinion.;Robert Plant;music
Since I was a kid, I've had an absolute obsession with particular kinds of American music. Mississippi Delta blues of the Thirties, Chicago blues of the Fifties, West Coast music of the mid-Sixties - but I'd never really touched on dark Americana.;Robert Plant;music
I'm just lucky because my kids are grown-up - I love them, very proud of them, and we are in close contact as big-time friends, but they don't need me that much now and I can actually enjoy this wonderful world of music.;Robert Plant;music
I like to comprehend more or less everything around me - apart from the creation of my music. It's an obsessive character trait that's getting worse. I don't switch the light on and off 15 times before I leave the room yet, but something's going wrong.;Robert Plant;music
I don't care what people say about my relationship I don't care what they say about my boobs. People are buying my songs I have a sold-out tour. I'm getting incredible feedback from my music.;Katy Perry;music
The true beauty of music is that it connects people. It carries a message, and we, the musicians, are the messengers.;Roy Ayers;music
My parents started with very little and were the only ones in their families to graduate from college. As parents, they focused on education, but did not stop at academics - they made sure that we knew music, saw art and theatre and traveled - even though it meant budgeting like crazy.;Jennifer Garner;music
I became alienated from this religious upbringing, and started making music. I wanted to be a big star. All those things I saw in the films and on the media took hold of me, and perhaps I thought this was my god: the goal of making money.;Cat Stevens;music
Music is part of God's universe.;Cat Stevens;music
I've studied various schools of thought... I acknowledge that some Muslims consider music prohibited, but I've found a lot of evidence from the life of the Prophet to show that he allowed certainly, but even encouraged, music at certain times.;Cat Stevens;music
Music can be healing, and with my history and my knowledge of both sides of what looks like a gigantic divide in the world, I feel I can point a way forward to our common humanity again.;Cat Stevens;music
I suppose that by being absent from the music business, it appeared that I just dropped out, but really I never did. I was continuously working and doing various things.;Cat Stevens;music
Music is the only language in which you cannot say a mean or sarcastic thing.;John Erskine;music
I mean, music totally comes from your soul.;Martin Scorsese;music
The bottom line is, I tend to be going back to older and older music.;Martin Scorsese;music
Music I heard with you was more than music, and bread I broke with you was more than bread. Now that I am without you, all is desolate all that was once so beautiful is dead.;Conrad Aiken;music
Pop is actually my least favorite kind of music, because it lacks real depth.;Christina Aguilera;music
I turned to music originally because of my past and needing a release or an outlet to get out anger or frustration or hurt.;Christina Aguilera;music
Music can be made anywhere, is invisible and does not smell.;W. H. Auden;music
I was never too keen on the British music press. They've called us a supermarket hype, and they used to suggest that we didn't write our own songs.;Freddie Mercury;music
First of all, the music that people call Latin or Spanish is really African. So Black people need to get the credit for that.;Carlos Santana;music
My job in this life is to give people spiritual ecstasy through music. In my concerts people cry, laugh, dance. If they climaxed spiritually, I did my job. I did it decently and honestly.;Carlos Santana;music
That's why people listen to music or look at paintings. To get in touch with that wholeness.;Corita Kent;music
But maybe music was not intended to satisfy the curious definiteness of man. Maybe it is better to hope that music may always be transcendental language in the most extravagant sense.;Charles Ives;music
At the beginning of the 20th century, the ambition of the great painters was to make paintings that were like music, which was then considered as the noblest art.;Brian Eno;music
I wanted to get rid of the element that had been considered essential in pop music: the voice.;Brian Eno;music
Music in itself carries a whole set of messages which are very, very rich and complex, and the words either serve to exclude certain ones or point up certain others.;Brian Eno;music
The lyrics are constructed as empirically as the music. I don't set out to say anything very important.;Brian Eno;music
We are increasingly likely to find ourselves in places with background music. No composers have thought to write for these modern spaces, which represent 30% of our musical experience.;Brian Eno;music
I make a lot of pieces of music that I never release as CDs.;Brian Eno;music
It's nice, I think, when people use your music for things you didn't think of.;Brian Eno;music
I don't like headphones very much, and I rarely listen to music on headphones.;Brian Eno;music
I think we're about ready for a new feeling to enter music. I think that will come from the Arabic world.;Brian Eno;music
People do dismiss ambient music, don't they? They call it 'easy listening,' as if to suggest that it should be hard to listen to.;Brian Eno;music
I hate talking about music, to tell you the truth.;Brian Eno;music
Once music ceases to be ephemeral - always disappearing - and becomes instead material... it leaves the condition of traditional music and enters the condition of painting. It becomes a painting, existing as material in space, not immaterial in time.;Brian Eno;music
