I don't cook - I can cook - but I'm not very good. I like being asked over for dinner, because she can't cook either. We would starve if it weren't for modern technology. I know how to work a microwave, but love home cooked meals.;Mark Mothersbaugh;technology
The best museums and museum exhibits about science or technology give you the feeling that, hey, this is interesting, but maybe I could do something here, too.;Paul Allen;technology
We are so reliant on power and technology for everything.;Billy Burke;technology
You can't stop technology or science, and it is snowballing quicker than ever. Something's got to come to a head. How? Who knows? But it will.;Billy Burke;technology
All the technology of our production was still pre-War. They were sort of '38, '39 and the War had been stable and so we were infinitely behind whatever had been going on in the United States for instance.;Gianni Agnelli;technology
And the buying of new machinery meant not only the possibility of production, but even the new technology, 'cos as I mentioned before, we were back of seven, eight years.;Gianni Agnelli;technology
There was once a time when art history and film were basically the same medium, but art history is frozen in late-19th-century technology that has survived into the early 21st century.;Robert Nelson;technology
In hard-core science fiction in which characters are responding to a change in environment, caused by nature or the universe or technology, what readers want to see is how people cope, and so the character are present to cope, or fail to cope.;James Gunn;technology
I think we can allow the therapeutic uses of nuclear transplant technology, which we call cloning, without running the danger of actually having live human beings born.;David Baltimore;technology
Technology has changed the fan/actor interaction quite a bit.;Misha Collins;technology
Seriously, we are in the midst of the convergence of voice and data and that is challenging the infrastructure of the telephone companies. There are huge commercial interests in the basic technology, but even more so in content delivery and control of content.;Steve Crocker;technology
Virginia is the absolute leader in homeland security and defense and information technology.;Mark Warner;technology
I would like to see every parent either directly - if they are comfortable with the technology - or through a personal tutor, being able to access real-time information about their child.;Jim Knight;technology
We have seven pillars of development. India has a cutting edge information technology industry. We are setting up a technology park. We would like to see technology penetration iin education. Besides, we would like to see cooperation in industries like fashion, filmmaking, ship-building, education, health and energy.;Kamla Persad-Bissessar;technology
You cannot make thousands of universities or hundreds of thousands of professors, but with technology and the Internet you can have great courses and make a digital university.;Carlos Slim;technology
From computers to information technology to airplanes, it has been America's unique blend of republican government and free-market capitalism that has allowed us to surpass all other nations in history.;George Nethercutt;technology
It's so exciting to be doing radio on the cutting edge of technology. Being in on something new is the biggest thrill in the world.;Lynn Samuels;technology
Technology makes things faster and more cost-effective, but it's not perfect. It requires you to be as flexible as you can be.;John Phillips;technology
Kids need to be equipped for that. They need to learn to use that technology to keep the new economy going.;Dennis Moore;technology
Our business is about technology, yes. But it's also about operations and customer relationships.;Michael Dell;technology
IBM has taken a leadership role in this area and is prepared to be a technology partner with companies around the world to take advantage of these new developments.;John Patrick;technology
People don't want to believe that technology is broken. Pharmaceuticals, robotics, artificial intelligence, nanotechnology - all these areas where the progress has been a lot more limited than people think. And the question is why.;Peter Thiel;technology
I can't live without my smartphone, but I really geek on coding. It's not so much technology that I like, but puzzle solving.;Sylvia Day;technology
Yet now we are faced with the sickening suspicion that technology has run ahead of us.;Richard Dooling;technology
Theaters are always going to be around, and doing fine. With computers and technology, we're becoming more and more secluded from each other. And the movie theater is one of the last places where we can still gather and experience something together. I don't think the desire for that magic will ever go away.;Wolfgang Petersen;technology
I think you can expect Sony, in the case of PSP specifically, to deliver a technology that is going to reinvent and change handheld entertainment, and take it to a brand new level.;Ian Jackson;technology
We must speed up the deployment of broadband in order to bring high-speed data services to homes and businesses. The spread of information technology has contributed to a steady growth in U.S. productivity.;Michael Oxley;technology
I am in the process of trying to decide whether I can make a substantive and productive contribution to the policy-making process. I was always there because I wanted to work on the pressing issues of the day - I'm interested in energy, I'm interested in the climate bill and technology policy.;Charles F. Bass;technology
I love technology, and I love new gadgets. I can no longer figure out how to use any of them, but I love them.;Jerry Zucker;technology
My problem is that I like technology, but I always have to ask myself, 'Now wait a minute, will I actually have any use for this?';Jerry Zucker;technology
I have seen that technology has contributed to improved communication, that it's contributed to better health care, that it's contributed to better food supplies, that it has contributed to all the basic human needs.;John Warnock;technology
The personal contact is a personal thing. The fact that some people don't know their neighbors, I don't think that technology is at fault. You don't lose anything with technology. You gain other avenues of understanding.;John Warnock;technology
Vivendi will be one of the very few top communications groups of the Internet age. We will have customers all over the globe, providing services through all kinds of technology.;Jean-Marie Messier;technology
We are looking for development partners, people to work alongside us, which will accelerate our actually getting licences, the technology into product, into the markets.;John McKinley;technology
The most essential thing for us was to get the business model right, then put the world-class technology under it to support it. At Merrill, that meant not doing what people expected.;John McKinley;technology
Technology has been, and always will be, my one true passion professionally.;John McKinley;technology
The cancer doesn't bother me. I have great faith that the technology will beat it.;Henry Cisneros;technology
The technology at the leading edge changes so rapidly that you have to keep current after you get out of school. I think probably the most important thing is having good fundamentals.;Gordon Moore;technology
Computer technology is so built into our lives that it's part of the surround of every artist.;Steven Levy;technology
In 1948 I entered the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, undecided between studies of chemistry and physics, but my first year convinced me that physics was more interesting to me.;Burton Richter;technology
Social networking technology didn't really exist until 2004-2005. I had the idea to use this technology to bridge this gap between a general interest in addressing social issues and the practical action.;Ben Rattray;technology
Visual ideas combined with technology combined with personal interpretation equals photography. Each must hold it's own if it doesn't, the thing collapses.;Arnold Newman;technology
I don't know concretely if it's due to superstition, but any time a new rule is implemented into the NBA or a new piece of equipment or a new technology, there is always a transition and adjustment period by players and coaches and anyone involved with the game.;Stu Jackson;technology
As information technology restructures the work situation, it abstracts thought from action.;Shoshana Zuboff;technology
Technology makes the world a new place.;Shoshana Zuboff;technology
Bear in mind North Korea has been the leading source, a leading source of nuclear technology and of missile delivery systems to some of the world's great rogues in Iran and Syria.;Robert McFarlane;technology
People would like better batteries but they are wary of making investments. What is required is both a technology push and a market pull.;Donald Sadoway;technology
They are responsible for starting this relationship and wanting to help Africa. The United States is very well suited for this as they are a country that has the capacity, they have better access to technology and they are a successful country.;Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka;technology
Like all tools, modern technology has produced some wonderful moments in music and also some horrors.;Hugh Hopper;technology
Content and technology are strange bed fellows. We are joined together. Sometimes we misunderstand each other. But isn't that after all the definition of marriage?;Howard Stringer;technology
There is no single development, in either technology or management technique, which by itself promises even one order-of-magnitude improvement within a decade in productivity, in reliability, in simplicity.;Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.;technology
Well, the rollout of new technology always affects how wizards do business.;Diane Duane;technology
Every major player is working on this technology of artificial intelligence. As of now, it's benign... but I would say that the day is not far off when artificial intelligence as applied to cyber warfare becomes a threat to everybody.;Ted Bell;technology
Technology is making design more exciting, with color, wallpaper, textures, fabrics that could never have been created without the technology.;David Bromstad;technology
And this is one way to do technology forecasting get a sense of where technology is, and then anticipate the next upturn.;Chris Anderson;technology
The first stage in a technology's advance is that it'll fall below a critical price. After it falls below a critical price, it will tend, if it's successful, to rise above a critical mass, a penetration.;Chris Anderson;technology
And what's interesting about the hybrids taking off is you've now introduced electric motors to the automobile industry. It's the first radical change in automobile technology in 100 years.;Chris Anderson;technology
The intellectual property situation is bad and getting worse. To be a programmer, it requires that you understand as much law as you do technology.;Eric Allman;technology
We need first of all the reform of our justice system. We need reform of the education system, because of quality of education because of innovation and technology. And we need administrative reform. Too much bureaucracy.;Iveta Radicova;technology
I wanted to be a pilot. I loved flying and I loved all the technology and the equipment and the sense of adventure that came with it. I think that feeling still bleeds over into everything I do today.;Graham Brown;technology
India and Japan should develop a complementary relationship in information technology.;Yoshiro Mori;technology
Daoist thought is the root of science and technology in China.;Joseph Needham;technology
Skin has become inadequate in interfacing with reality. Technology has become the body's new membrane of existence.;Nam June Paik;technology
But I don't think we'll go there until we go back to the moon and develop a technology base for living and working and transporting ourselves through space.;Jack Schmitt;technology
Just let me use the technology I want at a fair price.;Jonathan Potter;technology
I don't think people buy technology products because of the personalities of the people behind them.;Jim Balsillie;technology
Being around some of the bright lights of the technology world and having them expect great things helps you sit down and do it seriously.;Aaron Swartz;technology
Technology has changed, and we need to figure out how to improve the archaic way of what makes a hit, or how to determine how many viewers are watching beyond some people with Nielsen boxes in a small percentage of homes in random areas.;Jim Rash;technology
If we had had the right technology back then, you would have seen Eva Braun on the Donahue show and Adolf Hitler on Meet the Press.;Ed Turner;technology
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.;e. e. cummings;teen
The greatest day in your life and mine is when we take total responsibility for our attitudes. That's the day we truly grow up.;John C. Maxwell;teen
As a teenager I was so insecure. I was the type of guy that never fitted in because he never dared to choose. I was convinced I had absolutely no talent at all. For nothing. And that thought took away all my ambition too.;Johnny Depp;teen
As a teenager you are at the last stage in your life when you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you.;Fran Lebowitz;teen
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.;Bryan White;teen
Being a teenager is an amazing time and a hard time. It's when you make your best friends - I have girls who will never leave my heart and I still talk to. You get the best and the worst as a teen. You have the best friendships and the worst heartbreaks.;Sophia Bush;teen
Youth is the trustee of prosperity.;Benjamin Disraeli;teen
Adolescents are not monsters. They are just people trying to learn how to make it among the adults in the world, who are probably not so sure themselves.;Virginia Satir;teen
To an adolescent, there is nothing in the world more embarrassing than a parent.;Dave Barry;teen
Heredity is what sets the parents of a teenager wondering about each other.;Laurence J. Peter;teen
Your modern teenager is not about to listen to advice from an old person, defined as a person who remembers when there was no Velcro.;Dave Barry;teen
You have teenagers thinking they're going to make millions as NBA stars when that's not realistic for even 1 percent of them. Becoming a scientist or engineer is.;Dean Kamen;teen
Growing up, I've enjoyed hunting with my father.;Dale Earnhardt;teen
My teenage years were exactly what they were supposed to be. Everybody has their own path. It's laid out for you. It's just up to you to walk it.;Justin Timberlake;teen
Growing up, I didn't have a lot of toys, and personal entertainment depended on individual ingenuity and imagination - think up a story and go live it for an afternoon.;Terry Brooks;teen
I wanted to be with the kind of people I'd grown up with, but you can't go back to them and be one of them again, no matter how hard you try.;Ethel Waters;teen
So many people try to grow up too fast, and it's not fun! You should stay a kid as long as possible!;Vanessa Hudgens;teen
A fairly bright boy is far more intelligent and far better company than the average adult.;John B. S. Haldane;teen
I'm a teenager, but I'm independent - I have my own apartment, I have my own life. And I think I have learned more than any of those teenagers have in school. I learned to be responsible, leaving my family and coming here alone.;Adriana Lima;teen
My kids idea of a hard life is to live in a house with only one phone.;George Foreman;teen
All teenagers have this desire to somehow run away.;Joan Chen;teen
Adolescence is just one big walking pimple.;Carol Burnett;teen
Trouble is, kids feel they have to shock their elders and each generation grows up into something harder to shock.;Ben Lindsey;teen
Growing up, I wanted desperately to please, to be a good girl.;Claire Danes;teen
Children, even infants, are capable of sympathy. But only after adolescence are we capable of compassion.;Louise J. Kaplan;teen
Friendships in childhood are usually a matter of chance, whereas in adolescence they are most often a matter of choice.;David Elkind;teen
Everybody is a teenage idol.;Barry Gibb;teen
I was a quiet teenager, introverted, full of angst.;Nigella Lawson;teen
Well, I could do it for a day, but I wouldn't want to be a teenager again. I really wouldn't.;Jamie Lee Curtis;teen
You've got to grow up sometime.;Winona Ryder;teen
