A good picture is equivalent to a good deed.;Vincent Van Gogh;good
Edible, adj.: Good to eat, and wholesome to digest, as a worm to a toad, a toad to a snake, a snake to a pig, a pig to a man, and a man to a worm.;Ambrose Bierce;good
We call ourselves public servants but I'll tell you this: we as public servants must set an example for the rest of the nation. It is hypocritical for the public official to admonish and exhort the people to uphold the common good.;Barbara Jordan;good
What this country needs what every country needs occasionally is a good hard bloody war to revive the vice of patriotism on which its existence as a nation depends.;Ambrose Bierce;good
The universe we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is, at bottom, no design, no purpose, no evil, no good, nothing but blind, pitiless indifference.;Richard Dawkins;good
I went to my son's graduation this weekend, and I heard a great quote I've never heard before from Albert Einstein. It was that the greatest danger to the world is not the bad people but it's the good people who don't speak out.;Hamilton Jordan;good
The beginning of a friendship, the fact that two people out of the thousands around them can meet and connect and become friends, seems like a kind of magic to me. But maintaining a friendship requires work. I don't mean that as a bad thing. Good art requires work as well.;Charles de Lint;good
I think every good Christian ought to kick Falwell right in the ass.;Barry Goldwater;good
If you pursue good with labor, the labor passes away but the good remains if you pursue evil with pleasure, the pleasure passes away and the evil remains.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;good
Being in a rock band is about touring. It's about writing songs and it's about making records but it's also about taking a wonderful smile onto that stage and making the people feel good about themselves.;James Young;good
Do not think of your faults, still less of other's faults look for what is good and strong, and try to imitate it. Your faults will drop off, like dead leaves, when their time comes.;John Ruskin;good
I feel beautiful when I'm at peace with myself. When I'm serene, when I'm a good person, when I've been considerate of others.;Elle Macpherson;good
It is not often that someone comes along who is a true friend and a good writer.;E. B. White;good
It's a good thing that beauty is only skin deep, or I'd be rotten to the core.;Phyllis Diller;good
Let's not be afraid to speak the common sense truth: you can't have high standards without good discipline.;William Hague;good
Bear and endure: This sorrow will one day prove to be for your good.;Ovid;good
My mother gave lots of good advice and had a lot to say. As you get older, you realize everything she said was true.;Lenny Kravitz;good
God is everywhere but He is most manifest in man. So serve man as God. That is as good as worshipping God.;Ramakrishna;good
There's no regret. You can't regret. I mean, I've felt regret but I've also refused to allow regret to sow a seed and live in me because I don't believe it. You feel it, it's like guilt, it's like jealousy, it's like all those horrible things. You've just got to snip them and get them out, because they're no good.;Jude Law;good
A wise and frugal Government, which shall restrain men from injuring one another, which shall leave them otherwise free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement, and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned. This is the sum of good government, and this is necessary to close the circlue of our felicities.;Thomas Jefferson;government
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.;Winston Churchill;government
I hope we shall crush in its birth the aristocracy of our monied corporations which dare already to challenge our government to a trial by strength, and bid defiance to the laws of our country.;Thomas Jefferson;government
Government is not reason it is not eloquent it is force. Like fire, it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master.;George Washington;government
Government, even in its best state, is but a necessary evil in its worst state, an intolerable one.;Thomas Paine;government
No man is good enough to govern another man without the other's consent.;Abraham Lincoln;government
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.;Winston Churchill;government
Government 'help' to business is just as disastrous as government persecution... the only way a government can be of service to national prosperity is by keeping its hands off.;Ayn Rand;government
We have the best government that money can buy.;Mark Twain;government
Every government degenerates when trusted to the rulers of the people alone. The people themselves are its only safe depositories.;Thomas Jefferson;government
It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself.;Thomas Jefferson;government
Whenever the people are well-informed, they can be trusted with their own government.;Thomas Jefferson;government
The marvel of all history is the patience with which men and women submit to burdens unnecessarily laid upon them by their governments.;George Washington;government
The best minds are not in government. If any were, business would steal them away.;Ronald Reagan;government
Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.;P. J. O'Rourke;government
Knowledge will forever govern ignorance and a people who mean to be their own governors must arm themselves with the power which knowledge gives.;James Madison;government
Laws too gentle are seldom obeyed too severe, seldom executed.;Benjamin Franklin;government
That government is best which governs least.;Henry David Thoreau;government
If 'pro' is the opposite of 'con' what is the opposite of 'progress'?;Paul Harvey;government
Ancient Rome declined because it had a Senate, now what's going to happen to us with both a House and a Senate?;Will Rogers;government
The government, which was designed for the people, has got into the hands of the bosses and their employers, the special interests. An invisible empire has been set up above the forms of democracy.;Woodrow Wilson;government
Laws are like sausages, it is better not to see them being made.;Otto von Bismarck;government
It is to be regretted that the rich and powerful too often bend the acts of government to their own selfish purposes.;Andrew Jackson;government
So that the record of history is absolutely crystal clear. That there is no alternative way, so far discovered, of improving the lot of the ordinary people that can hold a candle to the productive activities that are unleashed by a free enterprise system.;Milton Friedman;government
The government solution to a problem is usually as bad as the problem.;Milton Friedman;government
This country has come to feel the same when Congress is in session as when the baby gets hold of a hammer.;Will Rogers;government
Man will never be free until the last king is strangled with the entrails of the last priest.;Denis Diderot;government
Democracy is the art and science of running the circus from the monkey cage.;H. L. Mencken;government
Ohio claims they are due a president as they haven't had one since Taft. Look at the United States, they have not had one since Lincoln.;Will Rogers;government
The genius of our ruling class is that it has kept a majority of the people from ever questioning the inequity of a system where most people drudge along, paying heavy taxes for which they get nothing in return.;Gore Vidal;government
What I worry about would be that you essentially have two chambers, the House and the Senate, but you have simply, majoritarian, absolute power on either side. And that's just not what the founders intended.;Barack Obama;government
The oppressed are allowed once every few years to decide which particular representatives of the oppressing class are to represent and repress them in parliament.;Vladimir Lenin;government
For in reason, all government without the consent of the governed is the very definition of slavery.;Jonathan Swift;government
The instant formal government is abolished, society begins to act. A general association takes place, and common interest produces common security.;Thomas Paine;government
To rule is easy, to govern difficult.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;government
Ninety eight percent of the adults in this country are decent, hardworking, honest Americans. It's the other lousy two percent that get all the publicity. But then, we elected them.;Lily Tomlin;government
The worst thing in this world, next to anarchy, is government.;Henry Ward Beecher;government
People try to live within their income so they can afford to pay taxes to a government that can't live within its income.;Robert Half;government
If men were angels, no government would be necessary.;James Madison;government
Feeling good about government is like looking on the bright side of any catastrophe. When you quit looking on the bright side, the catastrophe is still there.;P. J. O'Rourke;government
In the absence of justice, what is sovereignty but organized robbery?;Saint Augustine;government
Our government... teaches the whole people by its example. If the government becomes the lawbreaker, it breeds contempt for law it invites every man to become a law unto himself it invites anarchy.;Louis D. Brandeis;government
Governments never learn. Only people learn.;Milton Friedman;government
Democracy gives every man the right to be his own oppressor.;James Russell Lowell;government
Economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economists.;John Kenneth Galbraith;government
It's not the voting that's democracy it's the counting.;Tom Stoppard;government
The people are the government, administering it by their agents they are the government, the sovereign power.;Andrew Jackson;government
Majority rule only works if you're also considering individual rights. Because you can't have five wolves and one sheep voting on what to have for supper.;Larry Flynt;government
You don't pay taxes - they take taxes.;Chris Rock;government
In a free society, government reflects the soul of its people. If people want change at the top, they will have to live in different ways. Our major social problems are not the cause of our decadence. They are a reflection of it.;Cal Thomas;government
It is hard to feel individually responsible with respect to the invisible processes of a huge and distant government.;John W. Gardner;government
Let the people think they govern and they will be governed.;William Penn;government
Washington is a place where politicians don't know which way is up and taxes don't know which way is down.;Robert Orben;government
Democracy is the only system that persists in asking the powers that be whether they are the powers that ought to be.;Sydney J. Harris;government
I'm tired of hearing it said that democracy doesn't work. Of course it doesn't work. We are supposed to work it.;Alexander Woollcott;government
Here is my first principle of foreign policy: good government at home.;William E. Gladstone;government
Democracy is an abuse of statistics.;Jorge Luis Borges;government
A corporation's primary goal is to make money. Government's primary role is to take a big chunk of that money and give it to others.;Larry Ellison;government
The fact that political ideologies are tangible realities is not a proof of their vitally necessary character. The bubonic plague was an extraordinarily powerful social reality, but no one would have regarded it as vitally necessary.;Wilhelm Reich;government
Talk is cheap - except when Congress does it.;Cullen Hightower;government
The danger is not that a particular class is unfit to govern: every class is unfit to govern.;Lord Acton;government
Government is a trust, and the officers of the government are trustees. And both the trust and the trustees are created for the benefit of the people.;Henry Clay;government
I have long believed taxpayers make better use of their money than the government ever could.;Kay Bailey Hutchison;government
To hear some men talk of the government, you would suppose that Congress was the law of gravitation, and kept the planets in their places.;Wendell Phillips;government
The way people in democracies think of the government as something different from themselves is a real handicap. And, of course, sometimes the government confirms their opinion.;Lewis Mumford;government
If human beings are fundamentally good, no government is necessary if they are fundamentally bad, any government, being composed of human beings, would be bad also.;Fred Woodworth;government
Americans no longer look to government for economic security rather, they look to their portfolios.;Bill Owens;government
Our nation is built on the bedrock principle that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed.;Adrian Cronauer;government
Government alone cannot solve the problems we deal with in our correctional facilities, treatment centers, homeless shelters and crisis centers - we need our faith-based and community partners.;Dirk Kempthorne;government
Bureaucracy gives birth to itself and then expects maternity benefits.;Dale Dauten;government
The mistakes made by Congress wouldn't be so bad if the next Congress didn't keep trying to correct them.;Cullen Hightower;government
There are three species of government: republican, monarchical, and despotic.;Charles de Secondat;government
Government is an unnecessary evil. Human beings, when accustomed to taking responsibility for their own behavior, can cooperate on a basis of mutual trust and helpfulness.;Fred Woodworth;government
The essence of good government is trust.;Kathleen Sebelius;government
But no one has yet succeeded in reducing the size or scope of the federal government.;James Q. Wilson;government
We live under a government of men and morning newspapers.;Wendell Phillips;government
As a governor, I am naturally inclined to focus on the domestic side of protecting the United States.;Bill Owens;government
But let us remember, at the same time, government is sacred, and not to be trifled with.;Jonathan Mayhew;government
If we can but prevent the government from wasting the labours of the people, under the pretence of taking care of them, they must become happy.;Thomas Jefferson;government
When the people fear the government, there is tyranny. When the government fears the people, there is liberty.;Thomas Jefferson;government
