I think happiness comes from self-acceptance. We all try different things, and we find some comfortable sense of who we are. We look at our parents and learn and grow and move on. We change.;Jamie Lee Curtis;happiness
There is no excellence without labor. One cannot dream oneself into either usefulness or happiness.;Liberty Hyde Bailey;happiness
And perfect happiness? Man, that's a... the pool is about 92 degrees, the Jacuzzi is about 102 and an avocado farm.;Jamie Foxx;happiness
I guess happiness is not a state you want to be in all the time.;John Belushi;happiness
When you're in love, you're so happy that you want to tell people about it. But now I have to censor myself. You need to protect the happiness you have.;Emily Blunt;happiness
I've worked on films where the budgets are almost limitless and you're in trailers that are bigger than a hotel room. You're taken care of and the food is amazing, the quality of the job is amazing and then you work on smaller things but it never dictates my happiness or my willingness to go to work.;Dominic Monaghan;happiness
Worldly wealth is the Devil's bait and those whose minds feed upon riches recede, in general, from real happiness, in proportion as their stores increase, as the moon, when she is fullest, is farthest from the sun.;Robert Burton;happiness
One thing I've been happy as peach pie about - because I'm all about the children and the happiness of a woman because that makes the happiness of the home - is that nannies, day cares and babysitters are all collapsing, which is forcing moms and dads to raise their children at home.;Laura Schlessinger;happiness
I can't believe it's been four years now, and from watching that pilot, we really all looked like babies. It's unbelievable just how far everything has come. I'm happier now than I've ever been on the show and in my life. I really owe so much of my happiness to 'Glee.';Lea Michele;happiness
The mindset of chasing that next #1 record doesn't exist for me anymore. It's more about being a well-rounded entertainer than being a pop artist. Obviously, it would be wonderful to have a hit record but I don't base my happiness on that anymore. It's about the accomplishment of a project that satisfies me. I just want to enjoy the ride.;Donny Osmond;happiness
The day when a sportsman stops thinking above all else of the happiness in his own effort and the intoxication of the power and physical balance he derives from it, the day when he lets considerations of vanity or interest take over, on this day his ideal will die.;Pierre de Coubertin;happiness
There is something in the pang of change More than the heart can bear, Unhappiness remembering happiness.;Euripedes;happiness
Pleasure only starts once the worm has got into the fruit, to become delightful happiness must be tainted with poison.;Georges Bataille;happiness
I think the secret to happiness is having a Teflon soul. Whatever comes your way, you either let it slide or you cook with it.;Diane Lane;happiness
I am more and more convinced that our happiness or our unhappiness depends far more on the way we meet the events of life than on the nature of those events themselves.;Wilhelm von Humboldt;happiness
My travels led me to where I am today. Sometimes these steps have felt painful, difficult, but led me to greater happiness and opportunites.;Diana Ross;happiness
If someday they say of me that in my work I have contributed something to the welfare and happiness of my fellow man, I shall be satisfied.;George Westinghouse;happiness
My mother was a public school teacher in Virginia, and we didn't have any money, we just survived on happiness, on being a happy family.;Dave Grohl;happiness
I think a child may be the only thing that could give me true happiness.;Nicki Minaj;happiness
My happiness doesn't come from money or fame. My happiness comes from seeing life without struggle.;Nicki Minaj;happiness
It was physically difficult, adjusting to wheelchair life, but I remember a great relief and happiness that I was finally getting somewhere, finding musicians to work with that were sympathetic.;Robert Wyatt;happiness
I see happiness as a by-product. I don't think you can pursue happiness. I think that phrase is one of the very few mistakes the Founding Fathers made.;James Hillman;happiness
I'm passionate about everything, like my family and friends. Anybody I am talkin' to is gonna be bona fide real. There is no substitution for happiness. Period.;Suge Knight;happiness
Genuine happiness comes from within, and often it comes in spontaneous feelings of joy.;Andrew Weil;happiness
I don't really care how I am remembered as long as I bring happiness and joy to people.;Eddie Albert;happiness
I am deeply convinced that happiness does not exist in this world.;Taylor Caldwell;happiness
I love walking down the street and seeing faces and drama and happiness and sadness and dirt and cleanliness.;Ric Ocasek;happiness
So even though I consider myself a fairly upbeat person, energetic and things like that, I never do very well on happiness tests.;Barbara Ehrenreich;happiness
Those in the west who dismiss the repressiveness of laws against women in countries like Iran, no matter how benign their intentions, present a condescending view not just of the religion but also of women living in Muslim majority countries, as if the desire for choice and happiness is the monopoly of women in the west.;Azar Nafisi;happiness
I don't have the recipe for happiness, but I think the engine is simply having the desire.;Vanessa Paradis;happiness
When I was a little kid, all I wanted to do was to escape what I thought was the country and get to a city. Probably film and television had influenced me so much, I really thought the key to happiness was living a very artificial life in a penthouse in New York with martini glasses.;Tom Ford;happiness
Could a government dare to set out with happiness as its goal? Now that there are accepted scientific proofs, it would be easy to audit the progress of national happiness annually, just as we monitor money and GDP.;Polly Toynbee;happiness
Each person is living for himself his own happiness is all he can ever personally feel.;Harry Browne;happiness
Every happiness is a hostage to fortune.;Arthur Helps;happiness
Joe E. Lewis said, 'Money doesn't buy happiness but it calms the nerves.' And that is how I feel about a film being well-received.;Alexander Payne;happiness
The cause of justice is the cause of humanity. Its advocates should overflow with universal good will. We should love this cause, for it conduces to the general happiness of mankind.;William Godwin;happiness
People need to realise what real happiness and success is, because success as an actor is fleeting. You can be up there one day and gone the next.;Chuck Norris;happiness
Your dear baby has died innocent and blameless, and has been called away by an all wise and merciful Creator, most probably from a life to misery and misfortune, and most certainly to one of happiness and bliss.;George Mason;happiness
Every man judges his own happiness and satisfaction with life in terms of his possession or lack of possession of those things that he considers worthwhile and valuable.;Meir Kahane;happiness
As long as I am given the opportunity to keep performing and keep exploring in whatever medium, I'll be happy. As long as I get to spend time with my family, I'll be happy. As long as I can write in some form, I'll be happy. It is the essential things like that I equate with happiness.;Dan Stevens;happiness
What I mean by that is that the point of life, as I see it, is not to write books or scale mountains or sail oceans, but to achieve happiness, and preferably an unselfish happiness.;Bernard Cornwell;happiness
I think people really marry far too much it is such a lottery after all, and for a poor woman a very doubtful happiness.;Queen Victoria;happiness
Heartache is very fertile ground for song-making but so is happiness, so is absolute bliss.;K. D. Lang;happiness
There once was a demographic survey done to determine if money was connected to happiness and Ireland was the only place where this did not turn out to be true.;Fiona Shaw;happiness
Goodness does not more certainly make men happy than happiness makes them good.;Walter Savage Landor;happiness
I think money is essential to happiness and right now I wouldn't want to be anyone other than Wilbur Smith - I've had a fantastic life, rewarded far more heavily than I deserve. Maybe I'd like to be J. K. Rowling, but I'll settle for second best.;Wilbur Smith;happiness
Aye, I'm tellin' ye, happiness is one of the few things in this world that doubles every time you share it with someone else.;Harry Lauder;happiness
You can have a lot of unhappiness by not having money, but the reverse is no guarantee of happiness.;Philip Kaufman;happiness
Happiness must be cultivated. It is like character. It is not a thing to be safely let alone for a moment, or it will run to weeds.;Elizabeth Stuart Phelps;happiness
When you analyze happiness, it turns out that the way you spend your time is extremely important.;Daniel Kahneman;happiness
Households, cities, countries, and nations have enjoyed great happiness when a single individual has taken heed of the Good and Beautiful. Such people not only liberate themselves they fill those they meet with a free mind.;Philo;happiness
This nation is notorious for its ability to make or fake anything cheaply. 'Made-in-China' goods now fill homes around the world. But our giant country has a small problem. We can't manufacture the happiness of our people.;Ai Weiwei;happiness
Trifles make up the happiness or the misery of human life.;Alexander Smith;happiness
Happiness, or misery, is in the mind. It is the mind that lives.;William Cobbett;happiness
Even if happiness forgets you a little bit, never completely forget about it.;Jacques Prevert;happiness
I've often thought if I didn't make my marriage work, I would have failed at my one true shot at happiness.;Bethenny Frankel;happiness
How often we fail to realize our good fortune in living in a country where happiness is more than a lack of tragedy.;Paul Sweeney;happiness
We all agree that its fit to be as Happy as we can, and we need no Instructor to teach us this Knowledge, 'tis born with us, and is inseparable from our Being, but we very much need to be Inform'd what is the true Way to Happiness.;Mary Astell;happiness
If I have to apply five turns to the screw each day for the happiness of Argentina, I will do it.;Evita Peron;happiness
Feminism's agenda is basic: It asks that women not be forced to choose between public justice and private happiness.;Susan Faludi;happiness
Scarcely one person in a thousand is capable of tasting the happiness of others.;Henry Fielding;happiness
Happiness lies first of all in health.;George William Curtis;happiness
The slave may be happy, but happiness is not enough.;Herbert Read;happiness
Happiness, I do not know where to turn to discover you on earth, in the air or the sky yet I know you exist and are no futile dream.;Rosalia de Castro;happiness
The greatest happiness comes from being vitally interested in something that excites all your energies.;Walter Annenberg;happiness
Life is made up of small pleasures. Happiness is made up of those tiny successes. The big ones come too infrequently. And if you don't collect all these tiny successes, the big ones don't really mean anything.;Norman Lear;happiness
The greatest happiness is to transform one's feelings into action.;Madame de Stael;happiness
I love acting. It's my playground, it let's me explore. But my happiness in this world - my level of peace - is never going to be dictated by acting.;Chris Evans;happiness
But my happiness in this world - my level of peace - is never going to be dictated by acting.;Chris Evans;happiness
Seek happiness for its own sake, and you will not find it seek for duty, and happiness will follow as the shadow comes with the sunshine.;Tryon Edwards;happiness
I had to try and find a way to express happiness without sounding corny.;Daniel Johns;happiness
History shows that our way of life is the stronger way. From it has come more wealth, more industry, more happiness, more human enlightenment than from any other way.;Wendell Willkie;happiness
Happiness doesn't depend on how much you have to enjoy, but how much you enjoy what you have.;Tom Wilson;happiness
There is even a happiness - that makes the heart afraid.;Thomas Hood;happiness
The pop musicians often leave meaning in the dust and substitute it for cartoons. The deeper artists - the grunge artists in the world and the emoticon people - tend to leave all of the happiness out of life like it just doesn't exist.;Hal Sparks;happiness
I don't like Paris so much, and it's only eight shows. I mean, don't tell them that, of course. But everyone always thinks they're so important. And I'm sure they are. But to me, my happiness is more important.;Gisele Bundchen;happiness
When Kate was born, she was born into a world of joy and happiness and confidence. The difference between the children is night and day. She's happy, she's thriving, she's full of self-confidence. I tell her she's beautiful every day before I send her off to school.;Lynn Johnston;happiness
Shall I give you my recipe for happiness? I find everything useful and nothing indispensable. I find everything wonderful and nothing miraculous. I reverence the body. I avoid first causes like the plague.;Norman Douglas;happiness
I visited those friends who'd just had a baby, and she was washing dishes and he was cleaning the house, and I burst with happiness. And in their minds, they were in this terrible domestic rut.;Josh Lucas;happiness
The Divine of the Lord in heaven is love, for the reason that love is receptive of all things of heaven, such as peace, intelligence, wisdom and happiness.;Emanuel Swedenborg;happiness
Is anyone serious about the politics of happiness? David Cameron dipped a toe in the water, using the word lightly, but denying the hard policies it implies. Labour shies away from it, but should take up the challenge.;Polly Toynbee;happiness
Happiness is a real, objective phenomenon, scientifically verifiable. That means people and whole societies can now be measured over time and compared accurately with one another. Causes and cures for unhappiness can be quantified.;Polly Toynbee;happiness
Inequality makes everyone unhappy, the poor most of all, and that is well within the remit of the state. More money gives less extra happiness the richer we get, yet we are addicted to earning and spending more every year.;Polly Toynbee;happiness
Inside every adult there's still a child that lingers. We're happiness merchants - giving people the opportunity to dream like children.;Guy Laliberte;happiness
You find happiness where you find it.;Anna Paquin;happiness
I love my family and I had a very wonderful, magical childhood. But New Jersey was actually a very cold place. There was such an intense concentration of wealth, and such a low concentration of any actual human happiness.;Ezra Miller;happiness
The People have a right to the Truth as they have a right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.;Frank Norris;happiness
While I gave up God a long time ago, I never shook the habit of wanting to believe in something. So I replaced my creed of everlasting life with life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.;Sarah Vowell;happiness
It's up to you to be responsible for how you feel if you're not happy. Your happiness lies in your hands. You can't rely on a man to make you happy or complete you. That starts with you.;Taraji P. Henson;happiness
I don't get a sense of American pride. I just get a sense that everyone is here, battling the same thing - that around the world everybody's after the same thing, just some minor piece of happiness each day.;Paul Thomas Anderson;happiness
Happiness, for you we walk on a knife edge. To the eyes you are a flickering light, to the feet, thin ice that cracks and so may no one touch you who loves you.;Eugenio Montale;happiness
My greatest happiness is to serve my gracious King and Country and I am envious only of glory for if it be a sin to covet glory I am the most offending soul alive.;Horatio Nelson;happiness
I'm actually tougher on myself as I get older. It's a vicious cycle. The things that are important in life are the things that you can't buy in life: love, health and happiness. I say that, and I believe that, and I try to live that.;Criss Angel;happiness
I will never forget my beautiful days with you in Shanklin, they are certainly the most pleasant ones of my life. Look, I have tears in my eyes just to think about it. I am furious to be here, it is the end of happiness for a whole year.;Camille Claudel;happiness
The most simple things can bring the most happiness.;Izabella Scorupco;happiness
You need characters who want things. They want love, they want recognition, they want happiness.;Candace Bushnell;happiness
The women I know who have children and have careers, they seem to be very happy. They love their children and they love their jobs. But happiness comes out of being willing to do your work in your twenties to find out who you are, what you love.;Candace Bushnell;happiness
Real happiness is cheap enough, yet how dearly we pay for its counterfeit.;Hosea Ballou;happiness
Suspicion is far more to be wrong than right more often unjust than just. It is no friend to virtue, and always an enemy to happiness.;Hosea Ballou;happiness
