He that lives upon hope will die fasting.;Benjamin Franklin;hope
Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.;Joseph Addison;hope
You may not always have a comfortable life and you will not always be able to solve all of the world's problems at once but don't ever underestimate the importance you can have because history has shown us that courage can be contagious and hope can take on a life of its own.;Michelle Obama;hope
Youth is easily deceived because it is quick to hope.;Aristotle;hope
Hope is the dream of a waking man.;Aristotle;hope
We must free ourselves of the hope that the sea will ever rest. We must learn to sail in high winds.;Aristotle Onassis;hope
In the end, that's what this election is about. Do we participate in a politics of cynicism or a politics of hope?;Barack Obama;hope
Tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday.;John Wayne;hope
Courage is like love it must have hope for nourishment.;Napoleon Bonaparte;hope
Hope is tomorrow's veneer over today's disappointment.;Evan Esar;hope
Never deprive someone of hope it might be all they have.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;hope
Everything that is done in the world is done by hope.;Martin Luther;hope
Hope springs eternal in the human breast: Man never is, but always To be Blest.;Alexander Pope;hope
God grant me the courage not to give up what I think is right even though I think it is hopeless.;Chester W. Nimitz;hope
I simply can't build my hopes on a foundation of confusion, misery and death... I think... peace and tranquillity will return again.;Anne Frank;hope
In this world you've just got to hope for the best and prepare for the worst and take whatever God sends.;Lucy Maud Montgomery;hope
Chance has never yet satisfied the hope of a suffering people.;Marcus Garvey;hope
A strong mind always hopes, and has always cause to hope.;Thomas Carlyle;hope
We have always held to the hope, the belief, the conviction that there is a better life, a better world, beyond the horizon.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;hope
When we have lost everything, including hope, life becomes a disgrace, and death a duty.;W. C. Fields;hope
I said to my soul, be still, and wait without hope, For hope would be hope for the wrong thing.;T. S. Eliot;hope
Where there is no vision, there is no hope.;George Washington Carver;hope
A whole stack of memories never equal one little hope.;Charles M. Schulz;hope
Expecting something for nothing is the most popular form of hope.;Arnold H. Glasow;hope
At the end of the day, we must go forward with hope and not backward by fear and division.;Jesse Jackson;hope
Every day begins with an act of courage and hope: getting out of bed.;Mason Cooley;hope
Hope is the last thing a person does before they are defeated.;Henry Rollins;hope
Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.;Francis Bacon;hope
Hope is the only universal liar who never loses his reputation for veracity.;Robert Green Ingersoll;hope
My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.;Jim Henson;hope
Hopeful thinking can get you out of your fear zone and into your appreciation zone.;Martha Beck;hope
To live without Hope is to Cease to live.;Fyodor Dostoevsky;hope
Beware how you take away hope from another human being.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;hope
Don't give up. Don't lose hope. Don't sell out.;Christopher Reeve;hope
It is only hope which is real, and reality is a bitterness and a deceit.;William Makepeace Thackeray;hope
I hope that I may always desire more than I can accomplish.;Michelangelo;hope
Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us.;Samuel Smiles;hope
The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.;Will Durant;hope
Hope is like peace. It is not a gift from God. It is a gift only we can give one another.;Elie Wiesel;hope
Things start out as hopes and end up as habits.;Lillian Hellman;hope
The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die.;Edward Kennedy;hope
Hope will never be silent.;Harvey Milk;hope
I place no hope in my strength, nor in my works: but all my confidence is in God my protector, who never abandons those who have put all their hope and thought in him.;Francois Rabelais;hope
I have tried to keep on with my striving because this is the only hope I have of ever achieving anything worthwhile and lasting.;Arthur Ashe;hope
Uncertainty is the refuge of hope.;Henri Frederic Amiel;hope
It's time to get real, folks. Hope and change ain't working. Hope and change is not a solution. Hope and change is not a job.;Herman Cain;hope
One lives in the hope of becoming a memory.;Antonio Porchia;hope
All human wisdom is summed up in two words wait and hope.;Alexandre Dumas;hope
The world is bad but not without hope. It is only hopeless when you look at it from an ideal viewpoint.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;hope
All hope abandon, ye who enter here!;Dante Alighieri;hope
How disappointment tracks the steps of hope.;Letitia Elizabeth Landon;hope
At the moment of death I hope to be surprised.;Ivan Illich;hope
I wish I could know everything ever, like that would be my wish - that's what I hope heaven is, that they tell you who shot JFK and all that stuff.;Louis C. K.;hope
There is hope in dreams, imagination, and in the courage of those who wish to make those dreams a reality.;Jonas Salk;hope
When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say, 'I used everything you gave me'.;Erma Bombeck;hope
Hope is a waking dream.;Aristotle;hope
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.;Helen Keller;hope
Any people anywhere, being inclined and having the power, have the right to rise up, and shake off the existing government, and form a new one that suits them better. This is a most valuable - a most sacred right - a right, which we hope and believe, is to liberate the world.;Abraham Lincoln;hope
All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother.;Abraham Lincoln;hope
Imagine all the people living life in peace. You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us, and the world will be as one.;John Lennon;hope
If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed.;Albert Einstein;hope
I hope we shall crush in its birth the aristocracy of our monied corporations which dare already to challenge our government to a trial by strength, and bid defiance to the laws of our country.;Thomas Jefferson;hope
All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.;Winston Churchill;hope
Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope.;Maya Angelou;hope
The hope of a secure and livable world lies with disciplined nonconformists who are dedicated to justice, peace and brotherhood.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;hope
My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth.;Abraham Lincoln;hope
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love.;Stendhal;hope
I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best.;Benjamin Disraeli;hope
Israel was not created in order to disappear - Israel will endure and flourish. It is the child of hope and the home of the brave. It can neither be broken by adversity nor demoralized by success. It carries the shield of democracy and it honors the sword of freedom.;John F. Kennedy;hope
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.;Dale Carnegie;hope
Few things in the world are more powerful than a positive push. A smile. A world of optimism and hope. A 'you can do it' when things are tough.;Richard M. DeVos;hope
In giving freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to the free - honorable alike in what we give and what we preserve. We shall nobly save, or meanly lose, the last best hope of earth.;Abraham Lincoln;hope
Action and reaction, ebb and flow, trial and error, change - this is the rhythm of living. Out of our over-confidence, fear out of our fear, clearer vision, fresh hope. And out of hope, progress.;Bruce Barton;hope
Come, gentlemen, I hope we shall drink down all unkindness.;William Shakespeare;hope
If you die you're completely happy and your soul somewhere lives on. I'm not afraid of dying. Total peace after death, becoming someone else is the best hope I've got.;Kurt Cobain;hope
To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;hope
I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be.;Thomas Jefferson;hope
One loves to possess arms, though they hope never to have occasion for them.;Thomas Jefferson;hope
I totally disagree with the view that the Tibet struggle will die, and there will be no hope for Tibet, after the Dalai Lama passes away.;Dalai Lama;hope
The rich are always going to say that, you know, just give us more money and we'll go out and spend more and then it will all trickle down to the rest of you. But that has not worked the last 10 years, and I hope the American public is catching on.;Warren Buffett;hope
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it. The only real security that a man will have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience, and ability.;Henry Ford;hope
My theory has always been, that if we are to dream, the flatteries of hope are as cheap, and pleasanter, than the gloom of despair.;Thomas Jefferson;hope
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them.;Vincent McNabb;hope
I hope that no American will waste his franchise and throw away his vote by voting either for me or against me solely on account of my religious affiliation. It is not relevant.;John F. Kennedy;hope
What is true of the individual will be tomorrow true of the whole nation if individuals will but refuse to lose heart and hope.;Mahatma Gandhi;hope
No matter how dark the moment, love and hope are always possible.;George Chakiris;hope
Disappointment is a sort of bankruptcy - the bankruptcy of a soul that expends too much in hope and expectation.;Eric Hoffer;hope
He who has faith has... an inward reservoir of courage, hope, confidence, calmness, and assuring trust that all will come out well - even though to the world it may appear to come out most badly.;B. C. Forbes;hope
Forgiving does not erase the bitter past. A healed memory is not a deleted memory. Instead, forgiving what we cannot forget creates a new way to remember. We change the memory of our past into a hope for our future.;Lewis B. Smedes;hope
It is only by not paying one's bills that one can hope to live in the memory of the commercial classes.;Oscar Wilde;hope
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything.;Napoleon Hill;hope
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.;Robert Fulghum;hope
I hope everyone that is reading this is having a really good day. And if you are not, just know that in every new minute that passes you have an opportunity to change that.;Gillian Anderson;hope
I hope I shall possess firmness and virtue enough to maintain what I consider the most enviable of all titles, the character of an honest man.;George Washington;hope
There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God.;Bill Cosby;hope
I hope the millions of people I've touched have the optimism and desire to share their goals and hard work and persevere with a positive attitude.;Michael Jordan;hope
He who has health, has hope and he who has hope, has everything.;Thomas Carlyle;hope
And God help Bruce Springsteen when they decide he's no longer God... They'll turn on him, and I hope he survives it.;John Lennon;hope
The great gift of Easter is hope - Christian hope which makes us have that confidence in God, in his ultimate triumph, and in his goodness and love, which nothing can shake.;Basil Hume;hope
