I love vintage shopping, I think it's really fun. And I love the feeling of finding the most amazing piece for less.;Emma Roberts;amazing
It's been such a deep and amazing journey for me, getting close to John Keats, and also I love Shelley and Byron. I mean, the thing about the Romantic poets is that they've got the epitaph of romantic posthumously. They all died really young, and Keats, the youngest of them all.;Jane Campion;amazing
In football you always get judged on your last game. Whoever you are, or how amazing you are, it's the last game that everyone has seen.;Thierry Henry;amazing
I just want to be a part of great stories, whether I'm part of an amazing ensemble cast or I'm leading it or the antagonist or whatever.;Zoe Saldana;amazing
The last real movie stars were probably Redford and Newman. And things were different then. There wasn't this amazing amount of magazines and information about them.;George Clooney;amazing
There are so many different people that I've emulated vocally. In the rock world - Sebastian Bach, Vince Neil, Freddie Mercury, Robert Plant. They all had amazing vocal talent.;Fergie;amazing
When I'm doing a film, I love getting together after work with my costars. But we get back to L.A. and I'm like, 'I don't want to go to a club with you, dude. I mean, I think you're rad, and if you want to come play Scrabble with me, that's amazing.';Ginnifer Goodwin;amazing
I saw Ellen and my knees were weak. It was amazing. And it was very hard for me to get her out of my mind after that. Then when I saw her that night, we started talking, and that's that.;Portia de Rossi;amazing
Politically, Obama's amazing streak of self-destructing opponents who have lain beneath his feet during his unlikely political career appears to be holding.;Eric Alterman;amazing
I know some of my parents' friends think 'Little Britain' is in incredibly poor taste. But swimming the Channel? You can't really say anything negative about that, can you? There's nothing better than making your parents happy. The glee on my father's face that day was amazing.;David Walliams;amazing
I run from Horatio Street down just past Battery Park City and back. It's amazing to run and see the Statue of Liberty and the ferries coming in. People think if you're not near Central Park, there's nowhere to go, but there's a whole ecosystem happening down here.;Andy Cohen;amazing
I thought, after the Pulitzer, at least nothing will surprise me quite that much in my life. And another one happened. It was quite amazing.;Rita Dove;amazing
It's amazing how coke encompasses everything in your life. Addicts cannot confront life because they only think of their next hit. I ruined life for my parents, my sister and all my friends.;Kirstie Alley;amazing
It's kind of amazing how popular 'Grey's Anatomy' is. What other show can boast such an annoyingly sincere cast of doctors, sniveling through such perfunctory love triangles?;Rob Sheffield;amazing
'Twilight' is such an amazing project, and I think it opened up doors for all of us cast members.;Kellan Lutz;amazing
I finish so many books it's amazing. I'm also doing Rosetta Stone, learning some French.;Kellan Lutz;amazing
I was blessed, because I come from a family where they knock you down before you float away. I have a lot of brothers who just make sure we have our feet on the ground, and my mom is a rock star. She is an amazing mother.;Kellan Lutz;amazing
When we're on set, we kind of joke around, and when we're rehearsing, we change up the scenes and make each other laugh. We lighten up the mood. The blooper reel is going to be amazing on 'New Moon.';Kellan Lutz;amazing
Motion capture is amazing. I prefer it. You wear a 'Power Ranger'-esque suit, you have tape balls on you, you have 60 cameras around you capturing your every movement and there's no hair, no makeup.;Kellan Lutz;amazing
For 'Around the World in 80 Plates' we got to travel all over, having what was like a cross between a culinary competition and races. And in each country we had a chef Ambassador. We went to London, Barcelona, Bologna, Hong Kong, Thailand, Morocco... It was amazing.;Curtis Stone;amazing
I go to Saint Barth in the French West Indies for two weeks each year. That place is amazing. Amazing people, beautiful beaches, great wine, wonderful harbors... It's incredibly romantic.;Brooke Burke;amazing
I was homeless for a little bit. I was on people's couches, but it was an amazing journey. I got to make people laugh all the way.;Sherri Shepherd;amazing
God bless you if you have one child, but I don't think anybody should have just one child. Everybody needs a sibling. I have siblings, and I have so many amazing, precious memories with my siblings. I don't know what I would do if I had been an only child.;Sherri Shepherd;amazing
I got amazing training both with Theatre Sports... back in Edmonton, Alberta - I can't give those people enough credit - and the daytime drama I did. Incredible training, both of them.;Nathan Fillion;amazing
My parents were kind of like me in that they had tons and tons of weird, amazing stuff.;Jaron Lanier;amazing
I have a really amazing fan club, it's contemporary but it's a little bit old school. There's a lot of connection. I have a fan club president who really responds to people.;Martina McBride;amazing
It's amazing how much you can absorb on a film set.;Mia Wasikowska;amazing
I just think we're living in a time of massive, amazing change, like the Industrial Revolution on acid.;Kelly Lynch;amazing
Theatre, when it is at its best, takes a lot of beating - the live experience and the shared collective experience of live storytelling is really special when it is good. Particularly here in New York because the audiences are amazing, very vocal and very engaged, and that makes theatre very exciting.;Dan Stevens;amazing
As a young black boy, it made me proud to see black leaders that did something amazing and made the world change.;John Legend;amazing
Well, Jeff Buckley for me is one of the greatest singers I've ever heard. And the reason why is he has an amazing range, amazing emotional power in his voice. And the music he put around it also just had this passion and this soul to it and this spirit to it that very few artists have, and he passed at a very young age.;John Legend;amazing
I love Louisiana. It's amazing.;Johnny Knoxville;amazing
I'd said to my sweetheart a couple of days before that the SAG and Spirit Award nomination was amazing and I had no attachment to the Academy Award. I knew I was an underdog so I just decided to sleep through the announcement.;John Hawkes;amazing
Do you like my suit? I think this is an amazing suit, don't you think?;Tom Selleck;amazing
Walmart is an amazing story of entrepreneurship and, as one of the world's most powerful brands, touches millions of lives every day.;Marissa Mayer;amazing
I think what's really amazing is that given the scale of the web and getting the compute power we have today, we're starting to see things that appear intelligent but actually aren't semantically intelligent.;Marissa Mayer;amazing
Linda Georgian is a wonderful psychic. She can do amazing things.;Dionne Warwick;amazing
The resilience of these people is amazing. I am a great believer that the sooner we get things up and running in terms of sport in this area, the better.;Ian Botham;amazing
I walk into a kids' store, and it's amazing, the types of instruments - little squeaky things, rattling things, spinning tops.;Evelyn Glennie;amazing
The human body and mind are tremendous forces that are continually amazing scientists and society. Therefore, we have no choice but to keep an open mind as to what the human being can achieve.;Evelyn Glennie;amazing
Going to a concert is so overwhelming and the energy is amazing.;Victoria Justice;amazing
I look up to Mick Jagger because he's an amazing performer and he's such an individual. I respect him and admire him eternally.;Victoria Justice;amazing
I have two younger sisters and I'm such an advocate of owning who you are as a person. Don't be ashamed or intimidated. Never feel like you are not amazing.;Khloe Kardashian;amazing
Whether it's 18 years old or 40 years old, we think we know what's going on. But if you're lucky enough to continue the journey, its amazing how we keep learning how much we didn't know.;Joe Namath;amazing
The business that people do in LA on the social level is amazing. You go to a restaurant, bump into this guy or that guy. The next day you get a call, and they want you in their movie.;Kevin Bacon;amazing
The current Babe Ruth of improv? Sacha Baron Cohen. He's pretty amazing.;Seth Rogen;amazing
It's amazing how I can just ramble on for hours, isn't it? And so unentertaining or uninteresting. But I can ramble on for hours. It's a sort of terrible gift, isn't it?;Graham Norton;amazing
If my kids are doing well, then my life is going pretty well. And if my kids aren't doing well, it doesn't matter how the other elements of my life are. It's kind of amazing to have a context like that. This is really wonderful.;Ethan Hawke;amazing
My father is an amazing man.;Sherman Alexie;amazing
What makes America amazing is that there have always been men and women of courage who were willing to think more about the future of their children and grandchildren than they did about their own political careers.;Scott Walker;amazing
I'm one of those people that thinks the Internet is amazing, and I can't believe it exists.;Mayim Bialik;amazing
It's wonderful to be appreciated for being quirky, and to see Zooey Deschanel and the quirky, indie film types get mainstream play is amazing for women, because women are much more complicated than what we've see on TV in the past.;Mayim Bialik;amazing
I've done my best to work from a place of humility - always looking over your shoulder saying, 'Does this suck?' and I think that's a good way to work. The other way to work is where you start to think, 'I'm on fire, I'm amazing!' and I don't think that's the way to work.;David O. Russell;amazing
I was terribly shy when I was growing up, I really wasn't confident with other people and I think I was always afraid of up or not being this very cool, amazing person that I wanted to be.;Emily Mortimer;amazing
I just believe that the feeling of wonder is amazing. I am pushing myself as far as I can humanly push myself... I can only hope for the best and expect the worse.;David Blaine;amazing
I'm tired of being around men all the time. I'm going to start a band called Skirt with three girls and I'll play the guitar and sing backing vocals in drag. I went window shopping when I was in New York, saw a lot of amazing dresses.;Brian Molko;amazing
Partly because his life ended before the age of 50, Hamilton was defined by the other founding fathers, and he managed, with amazing consistency, to alienate most of them.;Ron Chernow;amazing
So I won an Oscar. It's amazing. I've got that for the rest of my life for a performance I am proud of. It nearly killed me. I am really proud of the film. That's it, moving on.;Kate Winslet;amazing
It's a melting pot, southern Africa. You find these cultural collisions that result in art and music, and it's pretty amazing.;Dave Matthews;amazing
I have a wonderful husband. I have three amazing kids.;Celine Dion;amazing
My mom was amazing. She believed in me and we were best friends.;Carmen Electra;amazing
When Maurice touched a keyboard, it was like something from a movie, magical. He would always give you something from a movie, and you'd go, what did you just play... immediately inspirational writings, amazing. That's what we're going to miss.;Robin Gibb;amazing
My dad was working abroad, in Iraq, and he was a doctor. We used to go and visit him, in Baghdad, off and on. For the first ten years of my life, we used to go backwards and forwards to Baghdad, so that was quite amazing. I spent a lot of time traveling around the Middle East.;Andy Serkis;amazing
Everything has combined to make my life in New York an amazing experience. I told my manager a few years ago that I wanted to move here and try acting in the theater.;Mariska Hargitay;amazing
Most of the southern hemisphere is unexplored. We had more exploration ships down there during Captain Cook's time than now. It's amazing.;Robert Ballard;amazing
I've also long since realized that the way to really engage children is to give out prizes it's amazing how it concentrates their minds.;Alexander McCall Smith;amazing
When you're a stay-at-home mother you have to pretend it's really boring, but it's not. It's enriching and fulfilling, and an amazing experience. And then when you're a working mother you have to pretend that you feel guilty all day long.;Amy Poehler;amazing
My time at Honda was amazing. Some of my best times in Formula One, actually. I might not have won races, just one race, but I had a lot of fun.;Jenson Button;amazing
My 'Movember' moustache was never going to be as big as Nigel Mansell's, but I tried my best. The amazing thing is that when you try to grow a moustache, you notice everyone else's. There are some amazing moustaches on the grid.;Jenson Button;amazing
To go to the Oscars for Moneyball - that was pretty amazing. And to be able to go work with Kathryn Bigelow - that's going to be pretty sweet. Hopefully I don't have to go back to being a waiter. That's still my main goal.;Chris Pratt;amazing
To go to the Oscars for 'Moneyball' - that was pretty amazing.;Chris Pratt;amazing
After I finished high school I went to Hong Kong and Thailand and spent some time there. Just to get that whole experience of being out of the bubble that I was in from high school in Vancouver, to be able to travel around and be on your own was an amazing experience.;Shay Mitchell;amazing
I was dating my first boyfriend in high school for a long time, and we broke up before prom. I hadn't met anyone else that I really wanted to go with, and my friends have always been amazing. So I went with my friends and got a million photos with them!;Shay Mitchell;amazing
With fitness, I do Bikrams hot yoga. The gym that I have in my building is amazing. I love to do cardio and weights there.;Shay Mitchell;amazing
You know, the reward for 'Captain America' is amazing. It's always fun to see a giant spectacle film and see the fun stuff - the special effects.;Chris Evans;amazing
The environmental benefits of hydrogen are also outstanding. When used as an energy source, hydrogen produces no emissions besides water. Zero polluting emissions, an amazing advance over the current sources of energy that we use.;Dan Lipinski;amazing
I'll always be this crazy, fun person, but when it's time to get married, I'm going to be an amazing wife.;Nicole Polizzi;amazing
The difference between Marilyn Monroe and the early Pamela Anderson is not that great. What's amazing is that the taste of American men and international tastes in terms of beauty have essentially stayed the same. Styles change, but our view of beauty stays the same.;Hugh Hefner;amazing
I've traveled all over the country for years speaking in churches, teaching the Ten Commandments. It's amazing if 2 percent of any congregation knows the Ten Commandments.;Randall Terry;amazing
Shakespeare is all big themes, like the most amazing love, or the most scary war.;Anna Torv;amazing
Fatherhood is the most amazing thing that could ever have happened in my life.;Corey Feldman;amazing
As a kid who wasn't into sports, at school I felt almost alienated at times, whereas in the theatre community there was this amazing sense of camaraderie. Early on, we would go to rehearsals with my dad and I was like the mascot for the backstage crew. That was a big part of my childhood, so I dreamed of one day doing a play in London.;Zach Braff;amazing
It was said Daredevil grew up in Hell's Kitchen, an amazing name for a neighbourhood. But that opened a Pandora's box of all the crime stuff I wanted to do. I borrowed liberally from Will Eisner's 'The Spirit' and turned 'Daredevil' into a crime comic.;Frank Miller;amazing
Comics are so full of amazing work. And I can't look at a drawing of a woman without thinking of, for instance, Wallace Wood and his amazing way of capturing beauty.;Frank Miller;amazing
When you think of what Americans accomplished, building these amazing cities and all the good it's done in the world, it's kind of disheartening to hear so much hatred of America, not just from abroad, but internally.;Frank Miller;amazing
So when I go home, sometimes, even when I had an amazing game, I always think about what I missed.;Thierry Henry;amazing
In America, Blackberry Farm in Tennessee is one of the most amazing hotels I've had the privilege of staying at.;Gail Simmons;amazing
It's better to get the nutrients for healthy skin from food, not supplements. Salmon, walnuts, blueberries, spinach... lots of my favorite foods happen to be amazing for skin too.;Gail Simmons;amazing
I discovered something amazing, which has caused a lot of controversy - the fountain of youth. I have to keep it a secret!;David Copperfield;amazing
Surfing is such an amazing concept. You're taking on Nature with a little stick and saying, 'I'm gonna ride you!' And a lot of times Nature says, 'No you're not!' and crashes you to the bottom.;Jolene Blalock;amazing
When I look into the crowd, I see young and old, black and white - it's amazing that I'm able to connect with so many different kinds of people.;Patti LaBelle;amazing
We are really on top of one another at the moment and I think it is amazing how we stay so close. Maybe that's the test. Why not totally put yourself together, rather than always wonder whether you actually like each other?;Linda McCartney;amazing
Considering the amount of information we're bombarded by, it's amazing if a song can transcend time.;Michael Bolton;amazing
I love insects. They are amazing.;Andrea Arnold;amazing
There are very few dance companies in the world and you have to be phenomenal. You have to not be injured. You have to have a really strong mind to deal with the dance world. People who can do it are amazing to me. You cannot have a life outside of dance.;Neve Campbell;amazing
Beyonce is the most amazing woman in the world.;Chris O'Dowd;amazing
Well, when you're the youngest of five, parents kind of lose interest more and more through the children. I think my eldest brother was under loads of pressure to do something amazing with his life, but by the time I came around they were like, 'Well, let's hope he doesn't kill a guy.';Chris O'Dowd;amazing
I really liked the helicopter pilot in 'Dawn of the Dead', when he gets bitten and comes out of the elevator. That guy was amazing. He did this incredible walk that we didn't even know about until we started shooting.;George A. Romero;amazing
First of all, plain and simple, you have no real idea of what it means to be famous until you become famous. It's a double-edged sword. Obviously there are a lot of amazing things about fame, but there are also a lot of challenging things about it.;Michelle Pfeiffer;amazing
