As Americans, we realize that there is no taxpayer money that wasn't first earned through the sweat and toil of one of our citizens.;Rick Perry;money
I mean, Dodd-Frank is strangling small community banks. It doesn't make any difference what the interest rate is. They're not - they're not going to loan the money because they can't make any money for one thing plus the cost of compliance.;Rick Perry;money
Simply by not owning three medium-sized castles in Tuscany I have saved enough money in the last forty years on insurance premiums alone to buy a medium-sized castle in Tuscany.;Ludwig Mies van der Rohe;money
You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money, compliments, or publicity.;Thomas Wolfe;money
Unfortunately, corruption is widespread in government agencies and public enterprises. Our political system promotes nepotism and wasting money. This has undermined our legal system and confidence in the functioning of the state. One of the consequences is that many citizens don't pay their taxes.;Georgios A. Papandreou;money
It's good to have money and the things that money can buy, but it's good, too, to check up once in a while and make sure that you haven't lost the things that money can't buy.;George Horace Lorimer;money
The problem is that borrowing money to pay back more borrowed money that will oblige you in the future to borrow even more money doesn't sound kosher. Because it isn't.;John Podhoretz;money
I admire directors so much, I find them incredible: they manage such a huge number of people of different characters, think of the money involved.;Catherine Deneuve;money
They got married, they got divorced, and half their money goes out the window.;Suze Orman;money
I always say, 'People first, then money, then things.';Suze Orman;money
If you wait until your children are high school seniors to spring it on them that there's not a whole lot of money for school, they won't have too many options.;Suze Orman;money
Your goal should be to pay off your credit card bills in full at the end of each month and set aside money toward your emergency savings.;Suze Orman;money
Those carrying a credit card balance should scale back to making the minimum payment each month so they have more money to put into savings.;Suze Orman;money
I get so frustrated when people tell me it's unrealistic to create an eight-month emergency savings fund, or have money saved for a home down payment, or pay off their $5,000 credit card balance.;Suze Orman;money
The last thing family and friends want is for you to spend money on them that you don't have or that you can't really spare.;Suze Orman;money
I think I'm actually quite a materialistic person, I value what it takes to make a car or build a nice house. Money does change things, but how it changes people depends on how they react to it.;Roland Gift;money
If you're not staying on top of your money, you are putting your financial well-being at risk.;Suze Orman;money
Never, ever invest money that you will need prior to three to five years - minimum.;Suze Orman;money
To make the most of your money, I recommend sticking with mutual funds that don't charge a commission when you buy or sell.;Suze Orman;money
I have long been one of those tedious people who rails against the coronation of 'student-athletes.' I have heard the argument that big-time athletics bring in loads of money to universities. I don't believe the money goes anywhere other than back into the sports teams, but that's another story.;Susan Orlean;money
At one time there were voiceover artists, now there are celebrity voiceover artists. It's unfortunate because these people need the money less than the voiceover artist.;David Duchovny;money
If there's something that can be formulated, regulated, give you security, then nobody would lose money. Every movie would be successful. And that's certainly not the case.;Ang Lee;money
Sensitivity and money are like parallel lines. They don't meet.;Ang Lee;money
Soon we saw that money going to women brought much more benefit to the family than money going to the men. So we changed our policy and gave a high priority to women. As a result, now 96% of our four million borrowers in Grameen Bank are women.;Muhammad Yunus;money
What we get from this adventure is just sheer joy. And joy is, after all, the end of life. We do not live to eat and make money.;George Leigh Mallory;money
Up against the corporate government, voters find themselves asked to choose between look-alike candidates from two parties vying to see who takes the marching orders from their campaign paymasters and their future employers. The money of vested interest nullifies genuine voter choice and trust.;Ralph Nader;money
In my opinion MS is a lot better at making money than it is at making good operating systems.;Linus Torvalds;money
I made a small fortune. I made a lot of money and I made a lot of other people wealthy.;Jim Cramer;money
The nice thing about the gallery shows is that without having to pay any money you can just go and see it.;Yoko Ono;money
Three groups spend other people's money: children, thieves, politicians. All three need supervision.;Dick Armey;money
First and foremost I am a drummer. After that, I'm other things... But I didn't play drums to make money.;Ringo Starr;money
I don't want young people to think they can't make a difference because they don't have money.;Kesha;money
Financially, I've lost money and made money, but I know my way around financially.;Jack Nicholson;money
I don't think anybody cares about unwed mothers unless they're black or poor. The question is not morality, the question is money. That's what we're upset about.;Toni Morrison;money
There are probably several hundred thousand if we narrow the definition to include only those who in their search for money and power are ruthless and deceitful.;Henry A. Wallace;money
People don't have fortunes left them in that style nowadays men have to work and women to marry for money. It's a dreadfully unjust world.;Louisa May Alcott;money
And I think the more money you put in people's hands, the more they will spend. And if they don't spend it, they invest it. And investing it is another way of creating jobs. It puts money into mutual funds or other kinds of banks that can go out and make loans, and we need to do that.;Michael Bloomberg;money
I'm a dad, and I no longer see a way for my kids to even inherit the money that I'm making, let alone go out there, have an idea, and create it in their own lifetime.;Glenn Beck;money
If it is wrong for you to take money from someone else who earned it, to take their money by force for your own needs, then it is certainly just as wrong for you to demand that the government step forward and do this dirty work for you.;Neal Boortz;money
For my scale, how I grew up and live my life, I'm making plenty of money.;Louis C. K.;money
'Get a Job' is about all the rich kids we knew when we were younger, kids who never had jobs but always had money for partying or getting their hair done.;Beth Ditto;money
I never viewed money as being 'my money' I always saw it as 'the money.' It's a resource. If it pools up around me then it needs to be flushed back out into the system.;Louis C. K.;money
I've had people ask me in interviews what it's like to have money, but that's not how it is. I have a middle-class life. I have a room in London but not a house, nor a BMW.;Beth Ditto;money
The people who run a university are far more qualified and intelligent in handling people than someone who inherited his money and used it to buy a pro team.;Hayden Fry;money
For me the greatest source of income is still movies. Nothing - stocks, financial speculation, real estate speculation or businesses - makes more money for me than making movies.;Jackie Chan;money
I don't know what your childhood was like, but we didn't have much money. We'd go to a movie on a Saturday night, then on Wednesday night my parents would walk us over to the library. It was such a big deal, to go in and get my own book.;Robert Redford;money
A firm, for instance, that does business in many countries of the world is driven to spend an enormous amount of time, labour, and money in providing for translation services.;Edward Sapir;money
Banks are an almost irresistible attraction for that element of our society which seeks unearned money.;J. Edgar Hoover;money
Selling out is doing something you don't really want to do for money. That's what selling out is.;Bono;money
Goddam money. It always ends up making you blue as hell.;J. D. Salinger;money
Money just draws flies.;Mahalia Jackson;money
For those who are able to work, work has to be seen as the best route out of poverty. For work is not just about more money - it is transformative. It's about taking responsibility for yourself and your family.;Iain Duncan Smith;money
Money is a good thing and it's obviously useful, but to work only for money or fame would never interest me.;Annie Lennox;money
The only thing I like more than my wife is my money, and I'm not about to lose that to her and her lawyers, that's for damn sure.;Jon Bon Jovi;money
Things are done according to money these days.;Shirley MacLaine;money
Our American friends offer us money, arms, and advice. We take the money, we take the arms, and we decline the advice.;Moshe Dayan;money
For industry to settle in a country, you first need electricity for electricity, you need some trained workers for trained workers, you need some schools for schools you need some money for money, you need some industry.;Evan Davis;money
A survey carried out across the U.S. between 2004 and 2006 showed that frequent church- or synagogue-goers are more likely to give money to charity.;Jonathan Sacks;money
If the money's right, I'll do a film.;Oliver Reed;money
You can spend the money on new housing for poor people and the homeless, or you can spend it on a football stadium or a golf course.;Jello Biafra;money
I sat with him for three hours and we did not exchange a single word. At the end he handed me, as he had done before, an envelope with money in it. It would have been much nicer if he had enclosed a greeting or a loving word. I would have been so pleased if he had.;Eva Braun;money
You must spend money to make money.;Plautus;money
So, my happiness doesn't come from money or fame. My happiness comes from seeing life without struggle.;Nicki Minaj;money
Abraham Lincoln comes from nothing, has no education, no money, lives in the middle of nowhere on the frontier. And despite the fact that he suffers one tragedy and one setback after another, through sheer force of will, he becomes something extraordinary: not only the president but the person who almost single-handedly united the country.;Seth Graham-Smith;money
I know where I'm putting my money.;Marc Andreessen;money
While teaching, I also worked undercover in the lower courts by saying I was a young law teacher wanting experience in criminal law. The judges were happy to assist me but what I learned was how corrupt the lower courts were. Judges were accepting money right in the courtroom.;Samuel Dash;money
Money, again, has often been a cause of the delusion of the multitudes. Sober nations have all at once become desperate gamblers, and risked almost their existence upon the turn of a piece of paper.;Charles Mackay;money
I don't even know what sound is, much less what it's for. It isn't to make money that's for sure. I've never made any.;Don Van Vliet;money
To buy very good wine nowadays requires only money. To serve it to your guests is a sign of fatigue.;William F. Buckley, Jr.;money
I have long believed taxpayers make better use of their money than the government ever could.;Kay Bailey Hutchison;money
I've been very well remunerated for my talents over the years so I really don't need the public's money.;George Michael;money
I'm glad I was born when I was. My time was the golden age of variety. If I were starting out again now, maybe things would happen for me, but it certainly would not be on a variety show with 28 musicians, 12 dancers, two major guest stars, 50 costumes a week by Bob Mackie. The networks just wouldn't spend the money today.;Carol Burnett;money
Writing is the only profession where no one considers you ridiculous if you earn no money.;Jules Renard;money
Money doesn't buy class.;Kiana Tom;money
I'm not broke. Like everybody else, I owe money.;Marlee Matlin;money
I find it fascinating that a lot of business books that do well are from people who've never made any money in business.;Gary Vaynerchuk;money
North Americans as a whole need to embrace having clothes altered to their body. I hear it all the time: why do the Europeans always look so good? They have a relationship with their tailor and spend the time and money to make their clothes look their best.;Michael Kors;money
I'm concerned a little bit with the culture of celebrating the fundraise. My dad taught me that when you borrow money it's the worst day of your life.;Gary Vaynerchuk;money
Even though I'm a hype man myself, I like the practicality of it all. People who understand how to turn a profit. At the end of the day, this is still business so I'm looking for real practical knowledge of how to actually make money, not necessarily raise it.;Gary Vaynerchuk;money
There are three reasons for becoming a writer: the first is that you need the money the second that you have something to say that you think the world should know the third is that you can't think what to do with the long winter evenings.;Quentin Crisp;money
That money talks, I'll not deny, I heard it once: It said, 'Goodbye'.;Richard Armour;money
People are chasing cash, not happiness. When you chase money, you're going to lose. You're just going to. Even if you get the money, you're not going to be happy.;Gary Vaynerchuk;money
Well, I needed the work - that's the honest answer. I haven't worked for a while, a couple of years. So I thought it would be nice to get back to work and earn some money.;Gary Oldman;money
I want to sit with 80- and 90-year-old people more than anyone. They have played this game before. Not one of them has told me, 'I wish I had more money.';Gary Vaynerchuk;money
I remember thinking that I'd way rather give my parents my money, and not have to like have them go to work anymore, you know what I mean. Because I'd way rather spend more time with them.;Shaun White;money
It's lovely to have money to give away - that's the bonus of winning the Nobel.;Doris Lessing;money
You want to give people a reason to hate my guts more? I'm making more money.;Billy Joel;money
When I was 19, I made my first good week's pay as a club musician. It was enough money for me to quit my job at the factory and still pay the rent and buy some food. I freaked.;Billy Joel;money
Don't make music for some vast, unseen audience or market or ratings share or even for something as tangible as money. Though it's crucial to make a living, that shouldn't be your inspiration. Do it for yourself.;Billy Joel;money
People aren't going to throw the kind of money at certain people that they used to.;Philip Seymour Hoffman;money
When I was in N.W.A. and didn't get paid all the money I was owed, that's when the business side of showbiz hit me.;Ice Cube;money
Organized labor, if they're doing a responsible job, is going to organize the pooling of small amounts of money to protect the interests of the people who are not rich.;Warren Beatty;money
I actually think that the economy has got some positives. It's got the market. It's got consumer confidence and it's got banks throwing - I mean central bankers throwing money at it around the world.;Jack Welch;money
Fame does lead to money, which I don't have a close relationship with. I'm the kind of guy who never sees the money - it all goes somewhere else. I don't understand it, I don't like to deal with it. I have a fear of not having it, because I grew up without it.;David Duchovny;money
I just spend my money on the essentials. Just basically food and shelter.;David Duchovny;money
I don't make decisions based on money.;David Duchovny;money
My story is the story of countless millions of children whose families and nations were torn apart for money in the name of Jesus Christ.;Sinead O'Connor;money
It's rather naive, apart from being ethically objectionable, to assume that our investigators travel around the country with bags of money trying to bribe witnesses to lie on the witness stand. We just don't operate that way.;Jim Garrison;money
I don't have more money. I won't have more money than any of the candidates, even the Republican candidates. We know that already. But we are building this campaign team like I would build a business. And that is, we are building it so far with no debt.;Herman Cain;money
