Success has always been a great liar.;Friedrich Nietzsche;success
My definition of success is to live your life in a way that causes you to feel a ton of pleasure and very little pain - and because of your lifestyle, have the people around you feel a lot more pleasure than they do pain.;Tony Robbins;success
Honesty and integrity are absolutely essential for success in life - all areas of life. The really good news is that anyone can develop both honesty and integrity.;Zig Ziglar;success
You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure.;Zig Ziglar;success
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.;Albert Schweitzer;success
We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal, and then leap in the dark to our success.;Henry David Thoreau;success
Success is steady progress toward one's personal goals.;Jim Rohn;success
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.;Henry David Thoreau;success
Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is.;Bob Feller;success
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime.;Babe Ruth;success
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.;Colin Powell;success
The secret to success is to offend the greatest number of people.;George Bernard Shaw;success
The only thing I'm addicted to is winning. This bootleg cult, arrogantly referred to as Alcoholics Anonymous, reports a 5 percent success rate. My success rate is 100 percent.;Charlie Sheen;success
Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals.;Jim Rohn;success
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day.;Jim Rohn;success
Successful people make money. It's not that people who make money become successful, but that successful people attract money. They bring success to what they do.;Wayne Dyer;success
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.;Napoleon Hill;success
Discipline is the soul of an army. It makes small numbers formidable procures success to the weak, and esteem to all.;George Washington;success
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.;Henry David Thoreau;success
Success is dependent upon the glands - sweat glands.;Zig Ziglar;success
If there is any one secret of success, it lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from that person's angle as well as from your own.;Henry Ford;success
Four things for success: work and pray, think and believe.;Norman Vincent Peale;success
A graduation ceremony is an event where the commencement speaker tells thousands of students dressed in identical caps and gowns that 'individuality' is the key to success.;Robert Orben;success
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.;Jim Rohn;success
You do not pay the price of success, you enjoy the price of success.;Zig Ziglar;success
Every person who wins in any undertaking must be willing to cut all sources of retreat. Only by doing so can one be sure of maintaining that state of mind known as a burning desire to win - essential to success.;Napoleon Hill;success
You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back?;W. Clement Stone;success
Success is not to be pursued it is to be attracted by the person you become.;Jim Rohn;success
Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined.;Johnny Carson;success
Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have.;Zig Ziglar;success
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts.;John Wooden;success
How many a man has thrown up his hands at a time when a little more effort, a little more patience would have achieved success.;Elbert Hubbard;success
That man is a success who has lived well, laughed often and loved much.;Robert Louis Stevenson;success
The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments.;Gustave Flaubert;success
The test of success is not what you do when you are on top. Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.;George S. Patton;success
The line between failure and success is so fine that we scarcely know when we pass it: so fine that we are often on the line and do not know it.;Elbert Hubbard;success
Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young.;Theodore Roosevelt;success
Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success.;Henry Ford;success
Every success story has a parent who says, 'over my dead body.' Every success story has an old person who walks up to you and says, when you're acting the fool, 'you know I worry about you sometimes.';Bill Cosby;success
He has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much.;Elbert Hubbard;success
What material success does is provide you with the ability to concentrate on other things that really matter. And that is being able to make a difference, not only in your own life, but in other people's lives.;Oprah Winfrey;success
Microsoft has had two goals in the last 10 years. One was to copy the Mac, and the other was to copy Lotus' success in the spreadsheet - basically, the applications business. And over the course of the last 10 years, Microsoft accomplished both of those goals. And now they are completely lost.;Steve Jobs;success
We learned about honesty and integrity - that the truth matters... that you don't take shortcuts or play by your own set of rules... and success doesn't count unless you earn it fair and square.;Michelle Obama;success
For unflagging interest and enjoyment, a household of children, if things go reasonably well, certainly all other forms of success and achievement lose their importance by comparison.;Theodore Roosevelt;success
Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act. There is no other route to success.;Pablo Picasso;success
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.;Tony Robbins;success
America is the most grandiose experiment the world has seen, but, I am afraid, it is not going to be a success.;Sigmund Freud;success
Tell me, why is the media here so negative? Why are we in India so embarrassed to recognise our own strengths, our achievements? We are such a great nation. We have so many amazing success stories but we refuse to acknowledge them. Why?;Abdul Kalam;success
Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.;Coco Chanel;success
My parents shared not only an improbable love, they shared an abiding faith in the possibilities of this nation. They would give me an African name, Barack, or blessed, believing that in a tolerant America your name is no barrier to success.;Barack Obama;success
Focused, hard work is the real key to success. Keep your eyes on the goal, and just keep taking the next step towards completing it. If you aren't sure which way to do something, do it both ways and see which works better.;John Carmack;success
She's the kind of girl who climbed the ladder of success wrong by wrong.;Mae West;success
Success demands singleness of purpose.;Vince Lombardi;success
Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times.;Niccolo Machiavelli;success
There is nothing more difficult to take in hand, more perilous to conduct, or more uncertain in its success, than to take the lead in the introduction of a new order of things.;Niccolo Machiavelli;success
No man ever achieved worth-while success who did not, at one time or other, find himself with at least one foot hanging well over the brink of failure.;Napoleon Hill;success
Personality is the most important thing to an actress's success.;Mae West;success
Success is almost totally dependent upon drive and persistence. The extra energy required to make another effort or try another approach is the secret of winning.;Denis Waitley;success
The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear.;Brian Tracy;success
There is no force like success, and that is why the individual makes all effort to surround himself throughout life with the evidence of it as of the individual, so should it be of the nation.;Marcus Garvey;success
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is liking what you get.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;success
Success in its highest and noblest form calls for peace of mind and enjoyment and happiness which come only to the man who has found the work that he likes best.;Napoleon Hill;success
There's no abiding success without commitment.;Tony Robbins;success
Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.;John Wooden;success
If you wish to be a success in the world, promise everything, deliver nothing.;Napoleon Bonaparte;success
There is probably a perverse pride in my administration... that we were going to do the right thing, even if short-term it was unpopular. And I think anybody who's occupied this office has to remember that success is determined by an intersection in policy and politics and that you can't be neglecting of marketing and P.R. and public opinion.;Barack Obama;success
I do not think that there is any other quality so essential to success of any kind as the quality of perseverance. It overcomes almost everything, even nature.;John D. Rockefeller;success
One man cannot practice many arts with success.;Plato;success
You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job, and not be paid for it.;Oprah Winfrey;success
An artist cannot fail it is a success to be one.;Charles Horton Cooley;success
My success was not based so much on any great intelligence but on great common sense.;Helen Gurley Brown;success
I stand ready to lead us down a different path where we're lifted up by our desire to succeed, not dragged down by a resentment of success.;Mitt Romney;success
You grow up a bit damaged or broken then you have some success but you don't know how to feel good about the work you're doing or the life you're leading.;Johnny Depp;success
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.;Napoleon Hill;success
If you have a success you have it for the wrong reasons. If you become popular it is always because of the worst aspects of your work.;Ernest Hemingway;success
Those who cannot work with their hearts achieve but a hollow, half-hearted success that breeds bitterness all around.;Abdul Kalam;success
Anything that won't sell, I don't want to invent. Its sale is proof of utility, and utility is success.;Thomas A. Edison;success
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.;Napoleon Hill;success
A rejection is nothing more than a necessary step in the pursuit of success.;Bo Bennett;success
I do not think there is any thrill that can go through the human heart like that felt by the inventor as he sees some creation of the brain unfolding to success... such emotions make a man forget food, sleep, friends, love, everything.;Nikola Tesla;success
The battle of life is, in most cases, fought uphill and to win it without a struggle were perhaps to win it without honor. If there were no difficulties there would be no success if there were nothing to struggle for, there would be nothing to be achieved.;Samuel Smiles;success
The central conservative truth is that it is culture, not politics, that determines the success of a society. The central liberal truth is that politics can change a culture and save it from itself.;Daniel Patrick Moynihan;success
Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success leadership determines whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall.;Stephen Covey;success
Forward, as occasion offers. Never look round to see whether any shall note it... Be satisfied with success in even the smallest matter, and think that even such a result is no trifle.;Marcus Aurelius;success
We're constantly striving for success, fame and comfort when all we really need to be happy is someone or some thing to be enthusiastic about.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;success
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing.;Dale Carnegie;success
Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little, repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but content themselves with a mediocrity of success.;Dale Carnegie;success
A constant struggle, a ceaseless battle to bring success from inhospitable surroundings, is the price of all great achievements.;Orison Swett Marden;success
Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer, and practice it.;Richard Bach;success
The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life - mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical.;Julius Erving;success
Obstacles are necessary for success because in selling, as in all careers of importance, victory comes only after many struggles and countless defeats.;Og Mandino;success
You do the work and you want people to see it but, um while I'm doing the work, the result doesn't matter at all to me. Ultimately, I don't, I don't care whether the film is - you know - some big giant box-office bonanza and I don't care if its a complete flop. To me, when a film gets made and it's actually finished it's a success. They're all a success in their own way.;Johnny Depp;success
If a man loves the labour of his trade, apart from any question of success or fame, the gods have called him.;Robert Louis Stevenson;success
There is little success where there is little laughter.;Andrew Carnegie;success
It is not the going out of port, but the coming in, that determines the success of a voyage.;Henry Ward Beecher;success
If we become one of those societies that attack success, why not come as certain there will be a lot less success? And that's not who we are.;Mitt Romney;success
That business we started with 10 people has now grown into a great American success story.;Mitt Romney;success
Success is not greedy, as people think, but insignificant. That is why it satisfies nobody.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;success
I must admit that I personally measure success in terms of the contributions an individual makes to her or his fellow human beings.;Margaret Mead;success
