The imagination is the spur of delights... all depends upon it, it is the mainspring of everything now, is it not by means of the imagination one knows joy? Is it not of the imagination that the sharpest pleasures arise?;Marquis de Sade;imagination
Having imagination it takes you an hour to write a paragraph that if you were unimaginative would take you only a minute.;Franklin P. Adams;imagination
The woman who appeals to a man's vanity may stimulate him, the woman who appeals to his heart may attract him, but it is the woman who appeals to his imagination who gets him.;Helen Rowland;imagination
Los Angeles gives one the feeling of the future more strongly than any city I know of. A bad future, too, like something out of Fritz Lang's feeble imagination.;Henry Miller;imagination
My imagination can picture no fairer happiness than to continue living for art.;Clara Schumann;imagination
Fantasy mirrors desire. Imagination reshapes it.;Mason Cooley;imagination
We're living in a time when the world has suddenly discovered India because it's run out of raw material for its imagination. The raw materials for imagination are inexhaustible here.;Deepak Chopra;imagination
A poet ought not to pick nature's pocket. Let him borrow, and so borrow as to repay by the very act of borrowing. Examine nature accurately, but write from recollection, and trust more to the imagination than the memory.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;imagination
It takes a lot of imagination to be a good photographer. You need less imagination to be a painter because you can invent things. But in photography everything is so ordinary it takes a lot of looking before you learn to see the extraordinary.;David Bailey;imagination
Don Quixote's misfortune is not his imagination, but Sancho Panza.;Franz Kafka;imagination
My imagination is a monastery and I am its monk.;John Keats;imagination
What the imagination seizes as beauty must be truth.;John Keats;imagination
The scientific imagination always restrains itself within the limits of probability.;Thomas Huxley;imagination
Memories, imagination, old sentiments, and associations are more readily reached through the sense of smell than through any other channel.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;imagination
The degree in which a poet's imagination dominates reality is, in the end, the exact measure of his importance and dignity.;George Santayana;imagination
A nickname is the heaviest stone that the devil can throw at a man. It is a bugbear to the imagination, and, though we do not believe in it, it still haunts our apprehensions.;William Hazlitt;imagination
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of imagination.;John Dewey;imagination
What distinguishes a great artist from a weak one is first their sensibility and tenderness second, their imagination, and third, their industry.;Salman Rushdie;imagination
Imagination is always the fabric of social life and the dynamic of history. The influence of real needs and compulsions, of real interests and materials, is indirect because the crowd is never conscious of it.;Simone Weil;imagination
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.;Joseph Joubert;imagination
Taste refers to the past, imagination to the future.;Mason Cooley;imagination
Imagination has rules, but we can only guess what they are.;Mason Cooley;imagination
Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets. Imagination without skill gives us modern art.;Tom Stoppard;imagination
I can't satisfy myself with just trying to tie all of my imagination into music, especially when music is not appreciated as an art form as much as it used to be.;Marilyn Manson;imagination
No amount of skillful invention can replace the essential element of imagination.;Edward Hopper;imagination
He is the true enchanter, whose spell operates, not upon the senses, but upon the imagination and the heart.;Washington Irving;imagination
One who has imagination without learning has wings without feet.;Joseph Joubert;imagination
Censorship is never over for those who have experienced it. It is a brand on the imagination that affects the individual who has suffered it, forever.;Noam Chomsky;imagination
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.;Lauren Bacall;imagination
Where there is no imagination there is no horror.;Arthur Conan Doyle;imagination
The public has an appetite for anything about imagination - anything that is as far away from reality as is creatively possible.;Steven Spielberg;imagination
Sometimes I feel like a figment of my own imagination.;Lily Tomlin;imagination
Free enterprise empowers entrepreneurs who have ideas and imagination, investors who take risks, and workers who hone their skills and offer their labor.;Paul Ryan;imagination
True change takes place in the imagination.;Thomas Moore;imagination
I must confess that my imagination refuses to see any sort of submarine doing anything but suffocating its crew and floundering at sea.;H. G. Wells;imagination
Classical plays require more imagination and more general training to be able to do. That's why I like playing Shakespeare better than anything else.;Vivien Leigh;imagination
Belief in the supernatural reflects a failure of the imagination.;Edward Abbey;imagination
It is not that the child lives in a world of imagination, but that the child within us survives and starts into life only at rare moments of recollection, which makes us believe, and it is not true, that, as children, we were imaginative?;Cesare Pavese;imagination
When the imagination and will power are in conflict, are antagonistic, it is always the imagination which wins, without any exception.;Emile Coue;imagination
The level of our success is limited only by our imagination and no act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted.;Aesop;imagination
It is all very well to copy what one sees, but it is far better to draw what one now only sees in one's memory. That is a transformation in which imagination collaborates with memory.;Edgar Degas;imagination
Growing up, I didn't have a lot of toys, and personal entertainment depended on individual ingenuity and imagination - think up a story and go live it for an afternoon.;Terry Brooks;imagination
The great instrument of moral good is the imagination.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;imagination
Hope lies in dreams, in imagination, and in the courage of those who dare to make dreams into reality.;Jonas Salk;imagination
Out with stereotypes, feminism proclaims. But stereotypes are the west's stunning sexual personae, the vehicles of art's assault against nature. The moment there is imagination, there is myth.;Camille Paglia;imagination
For imagination sets the goal picture which our automatic mechanism works on. We act, or fail to act, not because of will, as is so commonly believed, but because of imagination.;Maxwell Maltz;imagination
Reason respects the differences, and imagination the similitudes of things.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;imagination
The conscious process is reflected in the imagination the unconscious process is expressed as karma, the generation of actions divorced from thinking and alienated from feeling.;William Irwin Thompson;imagination
Uttering a word is like striking a note on the keyboard of the imagination.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;imagination
If you use your imagination, you can look at any actress and see her nude... I hope to make you use your imagination.;Hedy Lamarr;imagination
Panic is a sudden desertion of us, and a going over to the enemy of our imagination.;Christian Nestell Bovee;imagination
Never lose sight of the fact that all human felicity lies in man's imagination, and that he cannot think to attain it unless he heeds all his caprices. The most fortunate of persons is he who has the most means to satisfy his vagaries.;Marquis de Sade;imagination
I've always felt that what I have going for me is not my imagination, because everyone has an imagination. What I have is a relentlessly controlled imagination. What looks like wild invention is actually quite carefully calculated.;Terry Pratchett;imagination
When you start to develop your powers of empathy and imagination, the whole world opens up to you.;Susan Sarandon;imagination
The realities of the world seldom measure up to the sublime designs of human imagination.;Bryant H. McGill;imagination
But if I have a lot of imagination, I could tell myself whatever I wanted, you know. I handle myself quite well. I'm kind of fascist with myself, you know. There's no discussion. There is an order. You follow it.;Karl Lagerfeld;imagination
My imagination makes me human and makes me a fool it gives me all the world, and exiles me from it.;Ursula K. Le Guin;imagination
To have frequent recourse to narrative betrays great want of imagination.;Lord Chesterfield;imagination
Wit is the appearance, the external flash of imagination. Thus its divinity, and the witty character of mysticism.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;imagination
Truth titillates the imagination far less than fiction.;Marquis de Sade;imagination
I have a huge, active imagination, and I think I'm really scared of being alone because if I'm left to my own devices, I'll just turn into a madwoman.;Claire Danes;imagination
The Jewish festival of freedom is the oldest continuously observed religious ritual in the world. Across the centuries, Passover has never lost its power to inspire the imagination of successive generations of Jews with its annually re-enacted drama of slavery and liberation.;Jonathan Sacks;imagination
I love theatrics and have a huge imagination: Why would I want to sit onstage and sing a bunch of ballads back-to-back?;Christina Aguilera;imagination
I don't think art is propaganda it should be something that liberates the soul, provokes the imagination and encourages people to go further. It celebrates humanity instead of manipulating it.;Keith Haring;imagination
There are moments when a man's imagination, so easily subdued to what it lives in, suddenly rises above its daily level and surveys the long windings of destiny.;Edith Wharton;imagination
What's cool is when you're able to give your audience imagination and you don't have to cage them in like animals.;Shia LaBeouf;imagination
Children do not give up their innate imagination, curiosity, dreaminess easily. You have to love them to get them to do that.;R. D. Laing;imagination
Life is possible only by the deficiencies of our imagination and memory.;Emile M. Cioran;imagination
Reason clears and plants the wilderness of the imagination to harvest the wheat of art.;Austin O'Malley;imagination
I've done a lot of bad things. Use your imagination.;Katy Perry;imagination
Man lives by imagination.;Havelock Ellis;imagination
Belief is nothing but a more vivid, lively, forcible, firm, steady conception of an object, than what the imagination alone is ever able to attain.;David Hume;imagination
The pleasures of the imagination are as it were only drawings and models which are played with by poor people who cannot afford the real thing.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;imagination
I think what's really the most ideal thing is for the player themselves, within their own imagination, to carve out what they view as being the essence of the character.;Shigeru Miyamoto;imagination
My imagination completely controls me, and forever feeds the fire that burns with dark red light in my heart by bringing me the best dreams. I've always had a wild imagination, a big heart and a tortured soul so I feel that dark fantasy, love and horror are in my blood.;Kim Elizabeth;imagination
Imagination creates reality.;Richard Wagner;imagination
In the world of words, the imagination is one of the forces of nature.;Wallace Stevens;imagination
It's a slight stretch of the imagination but most people are alike in most ways so I've never had any trouble identifying with the character that I'm playing.;Jack Nicholson;imagination
You will recognize your own path when you come upon it, because you will suddenly have all the energy and imagination you will ever need.;Jerry Gillies;imagination
Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future.;Charles Kettering;imagination
A man at work, making something which he feels will exist because he is working at it and wills it, is exercising the energies of his mind and soul as well as of his body. Memory and imagination help him as he works.;William Morris;imagination
You will certainly not doubt the necessity of studying astronomy and physics, if you are desirous of comprehending the relation between the world and Providence as it is in reality, and not according to imagination.;Maimonides;imagination
Imagination, the supreme delight of the immortal and the immature, should be limited. In order to enjoy life, we should not enjoy it too much.;Vladimir Nabokov;imagination
A writer should have the precision of a poet and the imagination of a scientist.;Vladimir Nabokov;imagination
Fortunately, somewhere between chance and mystery lies imagination, the only thing that protects our freedom, despite the fact that people keep trying to reduce it or kill it off altogether.;Luis Bunuel;imagination
I have a very vivid imagination.;Janice Dickinson;imagination
Works of imagination should be written in very plain language the more purely imaginative they are the more necessary it is to be plain.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;imagination
Talent, lying in the understanding, is often inherited genius, being the action of reason or imagination, rarely or never.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;imagination
This is one of those cases in which the imagination is baffled by the facts.;Adam Smith;imagination
Only in men's imagination does every truth find an effective and undeniable existence. Imagination, not invention, is the supreme master of art as of life.;Joseph Conrad;imagination
If the reporter has killed our imagination with his truth, he threatens our life with his lies.;Karl Kraus;imagination
It takes no imagination to live within your means.;Francis Ford Coppola;imagination
A great wind is blowing, and that gives you either imagination or a headache.;Catherine the Great;imagination
I don't want to discredit people's individuality, but I think people are pretty much the same. People are very similar. If you have a good enough imagination then you can feel things that you personally have never done before. That's acting.;Kristen Stewart;imagination
My parents thought it was nice to develop my imagination, but they never seriously thought that anything would ever come of it. They said that I couldn't be an actress because I would be taller than all my leading men, so I thought I would be a writer instead.;Nicole Kidman;imagination
If you got a good imagination, a lot of confidence and you kind of know what you are saying, then you might be able to do it. I know a lot of colorful characters at home that would make great actors.;Jason Statham;imagination
What really fascinates me is this need that is so strong now that if you read a work of the imagination you instantly have to say, 'Oh, what this really is is so-and-so,' reducing it to a simple formula.;Doris Lessing;imagination
I believe in imagination. I did Kramer vs. Kramer before I had children. But the mother I would be was already inside me.;Meryl Streep;imagination
One longs for a director with a sense of imagination.;Alan Rickman;imagination
