Being famous is wicked. But it's better to be normal.;Rupert Grint;famous
None of my characters are rich or famous, and the situations they find themselves in could happen to anyone.;Nicholas Sparks;famous
You know, be an actor because you love to act. Don't be an actor because you think you're going to get famous, because that's luck.;Whoopi Goldberg;famous
I'm actually about as famous as a fourth division footballer from the 70s.;Dylan Moran;famous
I didn't know what to expect from a famous movie star maybe that he'd be sort of stuck-up, you know. But not Gary Cooper. He horsed around so much... that I had a hard time painting him.;Norman Rockwell;famous
I don't really consider myself to be famous.;Victoria Justice;famous
I was obsessed with being rich and famous.;Paul Lynde;famous
Luckily, I think, I never really wanted to be famous, I just wanted to make movies.;Seth Rogen;famous
I remember, when I was an up-and-coming comic, how annoyed I would be when the famous guys would show up and just take everyone's spots.;Seth Rogen;famous
The good thing about L.A. is that there's always someone more famous 100 yards away from me.;Seth Rogen;famous
Exploitation films were famous for taking an issue an exploiting it because they could move much faster than a studio could. If there was any hot topic, they would run out and make a quick movie and make a buck on it, by changing it around and using it, in some way, to give some relevance.;Robert Rodriguez;famous
The people I want are very famous and very rich, and all I can offer them is a bit of exposure on TV and a bit of cash, so it's a miracle we get any guests at all. But we have been very lucky.;Graham Norton;famous
I met a lot of famous people when I was about 24. And none of them seemed very appealing. And so I didn't know why I would struggle to be that kind of person.;Ethan Hawke;famous
I think that as soon as you think of yourself as a famous person or anything like that, you're objectifying yourself in some weird way.;Ethan Hawke;famous
Some people want fame, popularity and huge sales. I've always hoped to have a really long career. So I've tried to make each of my creative decisions and business decisions to allow for longevity. As a side effect I got really famous and really big. I didn't realize the two could go together.;Jewel;famous
For now I'm just enjoying being a mom. I don't want to be more famous and more rich. I want to be a good mom.;Jewel;famous
No one can train you to be famous. How do you deal with the loss of anonymity, the loss of privacy? You have to be disciplined.;Wesley Snipes;famous
I never wanted to be the most famous, the most beautiful, the most extravagant.;Manolo Blahnik;famous
It's always a little mind-boggling to realize that these famous actors know who I am.;Emily Blunt;famous
I think that once you open the door and allow people in on a certain aspect, it's very hard to then control how far that ripple effect is. So I think that the person who is known or famous has the ability to decide what they do or don't want to share.;Rosie O'Donnell;famous
I definitely wanted to be an actor. I didn't want to be on TV, I didn't want to be famous, I didn't want to be anyone in particular I just wanted to do it. I see young people now who look at magazines, or American Idol and their goal is to have that lifestyle - to have good handbags, or go out with cute guys from shows, or whatever. But I definitely wanted to be an actor.;Lauren Graham;famous
I'm not famous for my back story investigations I'm lucky that I work with good writers and it's usually in the script.;Bill Nighy;famous
I know really, really famous people who are terrified every time they walk on to a stage.;Bill Nighy;famous
Don't worry about writing a book or getting famous or making money. Just lead an interesting life.;Michael Morpurgo;famous
I walk the streets, take the train, it's real simple. Some actors create their own mythology: 'Oh, I'm so famous I can't go places, because I created this mythology that I'm so famous I can't go places.';Samuel L. Jackson;famous
My wife Elizabeth and I started The Really Terrible Orchestra for people like us who are pretty hopeless musicians who would like to play in an orchestra. It has been a great success. We give performances we've become the most famous bad orchestra in the world.;Alexander McCall Smith;famous
The records of adopted children are sealed in California. That seal is considered inviolable... The judge ruled that, because I was famous, he didn't have the same rights as other kids.;Danielle Steel;famous
People are much more inclined to believe and say bad things about you if you're famous.;Danielle Steel;famous
I never wanted to do biography just to tell the life of a famous man. I always wanted to use the life of a man to examine political power, because democracy shapes our lives.;Robert Caro;famous
I could have been more famous if I did all the glitzy things, but celebrity always seemed so unnecessary.;Enya;famous
I'd love to live in Ireland but I'd like to live as me, not what someone thinks I am. People don't understand - I lived there before I was famous.;Van Morrison;famous
Being famous was extremely disappointing for me. When I became famous it was a complete drag and it is still a complete drag.;Van Morrison;famous
Our most famous writers are Faulkner and Eudora Welty and Flannery O'Connor. It would make sense that the poetry would reflect some of those same values, some of the same techniques.;Robert Morgan;famous
Quite often I can be in a bookshop, standing beneath a great big picture of myself and paying for a book with a credit card clearly marked John Grisham, yet no one recognises me. I often say I'm a famous author in a country where no one reads.;John Grisham;famous
The hardest thing about being famous is that people are always nice to you.;Robert De Niro;famous
I've been accustomed to being famous and having a certain level of attention for 14 years, but in the last few months, it's changed. It's like on the arcade game, I've gone up to the next level.;Kylie Minogue;famous
I literally was famous before I knew my own name.;Corey Feldman;famous
My discrepancy with children in the industry is that they are made famous before they know who they are as human beings.;Corey Feldman;famous
It's more important for me to feel content than to be famous.;Samantha Morton;famous
I don't think I'll ever feel as famous or as popular as I felt when I was a 17-year-old soccer player in Modle. Only about 20,000 people live there and 12,000 of them come to every game. Running onto the pitch each week was just the most fantastic feeling. Nothing can beat that.;Jo Nesbo;famous
I get very nervous around famous people and I get nervous around beautiful women.;Liev Schreiber;famous
I certainly don't want a child of mine to be famous, or anyone I was very close to who isn't yet... It's the worst thing to be trapped in your house not be able to leave.;Elizabeth Hurley;famous
Nobody makes bouillabaisse from scratch. It's all a bunch of malarkey. Even the restaurants buy a commercial-grade product. I had a very famous chef tell me that.;Sandra Lee;famous
I feel very strong as an individual, but as a famous footballer I know I am prone to certain things. All the media have a continuous interest for me. It varies from once a year to every day interest.;Ruud van Nistelrooy;famous
There aren't many downsides to being rich, other than paying taxes and having relatives asking for money. But being famous, that's a 24 hour job right there.;Bill Murray;famous
When I was younger, I used to say, One day I'll be famous.;Katie Price;famous
For me, getting comfortable with being famous was hard - that whole side of it, the loss of anonymity, the loss of privacy. Giving up that part of your life and not having control of it.;Michelle Pfeiffer;famous
I married a pretty famous girl, and when we drive through town there's usually a car following us, when I walk out of my front door in Chelsea there's six guys waiting for me.;Kevin Pietersen;famous
First of all, plain and simple, you have no real idea of what it means to be famous until you become famous. It's a double-edged sword. Obviously there are a lot of amazing things about fame, but there are also a lot of challenging things about it.;Michelle Pfeiffer;famous
The only reason I became the singer in the band is because I sang the best. It wasn't out of some desire to be a star or be a famous singer. It's not like I love interviews.;Adam Levine;famous
Famous people feel that they must perpetually be on the crest of the wave, not realising that it is against all the rules of life. You can't be on top all the time, it isn't natural.;Olivia De Havilland;famous
When I was 24, I was full of life. I was that ham who wanted to be famous, a movie star, all that stuff. I think it's cool. But it was not what I was searching for, really. It was more a delusion.;Jean Claude Van Damme;famous
There has been a time on earth when poets had been young and dead and famous - and were men. But now the poet as the tragic child of grandeur and destiny had changed. The child of genius was a woman, now, and the man was gone.;Tom Wolfe;famous
I'd had people say, 'You'll enjoy being famous for a week, and you'll never enjoy it again'. But I don't think I had that week. I may have been working and missed that moment.;Matt Damon;famous
Sometimes I like to play the soundtracks to famous musicals so we can all sing along. South Pacific is one of my favorites. Our neighbors must hate us.;Louise Brown;famous
Famous pivot stories are often failures but you don't need to fail before you pivot. All a pivot is is a change is strategy without a change in vision. Whenever entrepreneurs see a new way to achieve their vision - a way to be more successful - they have to remain nimble enough to take it.;Eric Ries;famous
What makes the Stones' arrogance so divine is that we all believe that long ago and far away they weren't rich and famous but poor and struggling, just like us.;Jon Landau;famous
Some of the things I've seen a lot of my female-actress friends who are relatively famous receive - I've seen some hideous things. Like some really, really bad things... like, the FBI should be contacted immediately.;Elisha Cuthbert;famous
I don't want to end up being a circus act, doing my most famous tricks when I'm 70.;Pharrell Williams;famous
I'm not in the business of becoming famous. And that's the advice I give to younger aspiring actors. Work onstage and do the little roles. In the end it's not important to be seen. It's important to do. There's a lot of disappointment in this business, but my family keeps me grounded.;Kristen Bell;famous
Face it, I didn't become famous until I took my clothes off.;Jude Law;famous
You want a hero in the music world? James Brown. He brought a feeling to music without really using words. He's just famous for his sound.;David Lee Roth;famous
Being in 'Us Weekly' does not make you famous.;Bradley Cooper;famous
It's funny - nowadays people that are famous get chased by paparazzi. They have this fame, but they don't have the money to hide from it.;Matt LeBlanc;famous
I think being famous is more of a hindrance, a constraint, than just letting yourself be free.;Martin Yan;famous
A lot of stand-up comedy guys, when they get a little famous, just give up their stand-up career, and it cancels out the thing that set them apart.;Johnny Knoxville;famous
I would love to do a biopic of a famous singer, like Diana Ross or Donna Summer, or an old jazz story that we haven't seen before. I would love to do that! I would love to play Diana Ross 'cause she's an icon. I'm salivating to do that.;Taraji P. Henson;famous
I can't imagine wanting to be famous just for the sake of being famous. I think fame should come along with success, talent.;Kat Dennings;famous
Quite frankly, I didn't become an actor to become a movie star. I have never dreamed about being the most famous person on the planet. I just want to do really good work.;Anne Hathaway;famous
That the work involved, the willingness to take chances, the commitment, the opportunity to get on stage and make people happy, was more important than becoming famous, or even what I was dancing.;Suzanne Farrell;famous
I'm world famous, everywhere I go there are people who love me because of I've been able to bring them some joy from the movies I've made.;Tony Curtis;famous
There are high spots in all of our lives and most of them have come about through encouragement from someone else. I don't care how great, how famous or successful a man or woman may be, each hungers for applause.;George Matthew Adams;famous
After 'Skins' I became mildly famous, which was a bit of a disaster.;Nicholas Hoult;famous
I'm coming out with a wine... I'm actually a restaurateur. I have Famous Famiglia Pizzeria that has opened up in the Sacramento airport. I'm also working with my business partner on opening up the Linnethia Lounge.;NeNe Leakes;famous
Few would argue that Richard Dawkins is the world's most famous atheist, especially now that his friend and rival for the title, Christopher Hitchens, has now gone to meet his Maker.;Ray Comfort;famous
I wanted to go hide. I wasn't looking to be more famous, I'm famous enough.;Howard Stern;famous
I also want to go to an Italian island and do cuisine properly with some famous Italian chef and, like, his mother.;Elizabeth Olsen;famous
I never wanted to be famous.;Dave Attell;famous
I get recognized, but I'm not really a famous famous.;Dave Attell;famous
Once you're famous you can't go back.;Matthew Morrison;famous
I wanted to be a political science professor and go to school in Boston. I never wanted to be a big, famous movie star and TV star. It kind of found me.;Eliza Dushku;famous
To be famous and broke is hard.;David Spade;famous
I've always had confidence. Before I was famous, that confidence got me into trouble. After I got famous, it just got me into more trouble.;Bruce Willis;famous
At last, in 1611, was made, under the auspices of King James, the famous King James version and this is the great literary monument of the English language.;Lafcadio Hearn;famous
I was always obsessed with being famous. I had Marilyn Monroe paper dolls as a child, and I was always obsessed with her. I've just been really driven in that direction, and none of my friends were. So, I don't know what put that bug in me at a young age.;Holly Madison;famous
You do now have one in three people, as shown by the famous Carlton Monarchy debate poll, saying they want to get rid of the Monarchy. That was unthinkable even three, four years ago.;Anthony Holden;famous
Yeah, people following me down the street and at the airport and all that. I can't imagine what it must be like for people who are, you know, actually famous.;Ellen Page;famous
At first, I thoroughly enjoyed being famous.;Phil Donahue;famous
I follow the most random people on Twitter. I follow famous people like Khloe Kardashian, who surprisingly makes really funny tweets all the time.;Chloe Moretz;famous
A lot of people are like, 'So you want to be famous.' And I'm like, 'No, I want to be good at my craft. I don't care about fame, I don't care if I even ever make it. As long as people know what I am as an actress in this business, I'm set for my career right now.';Chloe Moretz;famous
I don't feel famous.;Uma Thurman;famous
When I got into the music industry, I wasn't focused on being the most famous artist or even getting a major record deal. It was just to make music on my own terms or create my own image, do my own hair, do my own makeup.;Janelle Monae;famous
The F-word is 'famous,' the C-word is 'celebrity' and S-word is 'star,' in my book. The other three words are fine - you can say those. But 'famous,' 'celebrity' and 'star,' I think, are misused.;Shailene Woodley;famous
I don't need to be wildly famous for my life to make sense.;Cory Monteith;famous
Once you become famous, there is nothing left to become but infamous.;Don Johnson;famous
You don't become a chef to become famous.;Eric Ripert;famous
Maya Angelou, the famous African American poet, historian, and civil rights activist who is hailed be many as one of the great voices of contemporary literature, believes a struggle only makes a person stronger.;Michael N. Castle;famous
I was a shy kid, but somehow I knew I would make it as a performer. I'd always be telling my mum that I was going to be a famous singer. In my school yearbooks I would write, 'Remember me when I'm famous.' I knew I had a gift.;Nicole Scherzinger;famous
And I want to be able to - you know, make Republicans and Democrats famous for keeping jobs in California.;Meg Whitman;famous
