The best thing to do with the best things in life is to give them up.;Ambrose Bierce;best
The worst men often give the best advice.;Francis Bacon;best
We are at our very best, and we are happiest, when we are fully engaged in work we enjoy on the journey toward the goal we've established for ourselves. It gives meaning to our time off and comfort to our sleep. It makes everything else in life so wonderful, so worthwhile.;Earl Nightingale;best
The best thing about animals is that they don't talk much.;Thornton Wilder;best
I have found the best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it.;Harry S. Truman;best
The best things in life are unexpected - because there were no expectations.;Eli Khamarov;best
I will do my best. That is all I can do. I ask for your help - and God's.;Lyndon B. Johnson;best
Best to live lightly, unthinkingly.;Sophocles;best
The best doctors in the world are Doctor Diet, Doctor Quiet, and Doctor Merryman.;Jonathan Swift;best
To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best.;William Makepeace Thackeray;best
A problem is a chance for you to do your best.;Duke Ellington;best
Whether it's the best of times or the worst of times, it's the only time we've got.;Art Buchwald;best
He who has done his best for his own time has lived for all times.;Friedrich Schiller;best
You'll live. Only the best get killed.;Charles de Gaulle;best
This is the precept by which I have lived: Prepare for the worst expect the best and take what comes.;Hannah Arendt;best
Most of the things we decide are not what we know to be the best. We say yes, merely because we are driven into a corner and must say something.;Frank Crane;best
There is only one real sin and that is to persuade oneself that the second best is anything but second best.;Doris Lessing;best
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it.;George Halas;best
Since we live in this world, we have to do our best for this world.;Aung San Suu Kyi;best
Enthusiasm is the best protection in any situation. Wholeheartedness is contagious. Give yourself, if you wish to get others.;David Seabury;best
First gain the victory and then make the best use of it you can.;Horatio Nelson;best
The best way to navigate through life is to give up all of our controls.;Gerald Jampolsky;best
When you do not know what you are doing and what you are doing is the best - that is inspiration.;Robert Bresson;best
The creed of a true saint is to make the best of life, and to make the most of it.;Edwin Hubbel Chapin;best
Just do what you do best.;Red Auerbach;best
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.;Helen Keller;best
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.;Audrey Hepburn;best
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.;Buddha;best
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;best
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;best
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.;Jim Elliot;best
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.;Og Mandino;best
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation.;Moliere;best
My formula for living is quite simple. I get up in the morning and I go to bed at night. In between, I occupy myself as best I can.;Cary Grant;best
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.;Epictetus;best
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.;Winston Churchill;best
The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time.;Abraham Lincoln;best
Sleep is the best meditation.;Dalai Lama;best
The things I want to know are in books my best friend is the man who'll get me a book I ain't read.;Abraham Lincoln;best
You can't stop loving or wanting to love because when its right it's the best thing in the world. When you're in a relationship and its good, even if nothing else in your life is right, you feel like your whole world is complete.;Keith Sweat;best
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.;Audrey Hepburn;best
Government, even in its best state, is but a necessary evil in its worst state, an intolerable one.;Thomas Paine;best
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.;Ambrose Bierce;best
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.;Lao Tzu;best
I believe God is managing affairs and that He doesn't need any advice from me. With God in charge, I believe everything will work out for the best in the end. So what is there to worry about.;Henry Ford;best
My mama always used to tell me: 'If you can't find somethin' to live for, you best find somethin' to die for.';Tupac Shakur;best
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.;Vince Lombardi;best
My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth.;Abraham Lincoln;best
Common looking people are the best in the world: that is the reason the Lord makes so many of them.;Abraham Lincoln;best
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.;Benjamin Franklin;best
The age of a woman doesn't mean a thing. The best tunes are played on the oldest fiddles.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;best
I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best.;Benjamin Disraeli;best
Our prayers should be for blessings in general, for God knows best what is good for us.;Socrates;best
The best proof of love is trust.;Joyce Brothers;best
All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.;Walt Disney;best
For a people who are free, and who mean to remain so, a well-organized and armed militia is their best security.;Thomas Jefferson;best
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words it is expressed in the choices one makes... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility.;Eleanor Roosevelt;best
The best way to destroy an enemy is to make him a friend.;Abraham Lincoln;best
The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own. You do not blame them on your mother, the ecology, or the president. You realize that you control your own destiny.;Albert Ellis;best
My best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake.;Aristotle;best
I never had a policy I have just tried to do my very best each and every day.;Abraham Lincoln;best
If it's your job to eat a frog, it's best to do it first thing in the morning. And If it's your job to eat two frogs, it's best to eat the biggest one first.;Mark Twain;best
Honesty is the best policy.;Benjamin Franklin;best
I want it said of me by those who knew me best, that I always plucked a thistle and planted a flower where I thought a flower would grow.;Abraham Lincoln;best
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.;Groucho Marx;best
In giving freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to the free - honorable alike in what we give and what we preserve. We shall nobly save, or meanly lose, the last best hope of earth.;Abraham Lincoln;best
The best way to get a bad law repealed is to enforce it strictly.;Abraham Lincoln;best
The best way to resolve any problem in the human world is for all sides to sit down and talk.;Dalai Lama;best
When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.;Abraham Lincoln;best
We have the best government that money can buy.;Mark Twain;best
The time comes upon every public man when it is best for him to keep his lips closed.;Abraham Lincoln;best
It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.;Winston Churchill;best
I am easily satisfied with the very best.;Winston Churchill;best
The trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.;Moliere;best
Honesty is the best policy - when there is money in it.;Mark Twain;best
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be.;Anne Frank;best
It is not best that we should all think alike it is a difference of opinion that makes horse races.;Mark Twain;best
If you die you're completely happy and your soul somewhere lives on. I'm not afraid of dying. Total peace after death, becoming someone else is the best hope I've got.;Kurt Cobain;best
The best way out is always through.;Robert Frost;best
Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.;Theodore Roosevelt;best
Prosperity is the best protector of principle.;Mark Twain;best
He who knows best knows how little he knows.;Thomas Jefferson;best
The short words are best, and the old words are the best of all.;Winston Churchill;best
Broadly speaking, the short words are the best, and the old words best of all.;Winston Churchill;best
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations.;Steve Jobs;best
In war as in life, it is often necessary when some cherished scheme has failed, to take up the best alternative open, and if so, it is folly not to work for it with all your might.;Winston Churchill;best
Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.;Winston Churchill;best
Education is the best friend. An educated person is respected everywhere. Education beats the beauty and the youth.;Chanakya;best
Walking is the best possible exercise. Habituate yourself to walk very fast.;Thomas Jefferson;best
Battle is the most magnificent competition in which a human being can indulge. It brings out all that is best it removes all that is base. All men are afraid in battle. The coward is the one who lets his fear overcome his sense of duty. Duty is the essence of manhood.;George S. Patton;best
If I'm honest I have to tell you I still read fairy-tales and I like them best of all.;Audrey Hepburn;best
No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new.;Steve Jobs;best
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one.;Oscar Wilde;best
When we do the best that we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life, or in the life of another.;Helen Keller;best
The best smell in the world is that man that you love.;Jennifer Aniston;best
The best minds are not in government. If any were, business would steal them away.;Ronald Reagan;best
To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan you should wear it inside, where it functions best.;Margaret Thatcher;best
But men are men the best sometimes forget.;William Shakespeare;best
Surround yourself with the best people you can find, delegate authority, and don't interfere as long as the policy you've decided upon is being carried out.;Ronald Reagan;best
