I like starting. It's pretty cool.;Al Leiter;cool
I'm a big techno fan. I love that thumping kick drum. We heard a version of 'Lost in Love' and it was thrash metal. It sounded cool!;Graham Russell;cool
I know some actors feel classes are not cool or they create negative public relations, but I continue to crave the story just beyond my reach. To grasp that brass ring I need to continue to fine-tune my talents.;Michael Welch;cool
And when I was a kid being an actor was not cool. I'm thirty now and when I was a kid in the 80s that wasn't a cool thing to be.;Vincent Kartheiser;cool
Again, like I said, we're not trying to censor anyone. If you think drugs are cool, fine. Make that movie. We are not going to stop you, or try to stop you, but we would encourage other people to be a bit more responsible about their portrayal of drug usage.;Gerald McRaney;cool
I do love to walk around in New York because people will notice me, smile, but they never bother anyone. New Yorkers are very cool. I love New York.;Creed Bratton;cool
I grew up on the South Side of Chicago, north Beverly. It was cool, everybody's cool on the block.;Craig Robinson;cool
Working with Omarion is pretty amazing. That's like my brother. He's really cool.;Teyana Taylor;cool
When I was in high school, my friends and I would drive out into the country to abandoned houses and structures... haha... to ghost hunt. We would scare each other so bad! We would sometimes camp out by the abandoned buildings just to scare ourselves! Such good times. The adrenaline of real fear is so cool!;Keegan Allen;cool
I don't want to stay underground for just the cool people.;Buzz Osborne;cool
Being a kid and growing up is such a cool part of life.;Devon Werkheiser;cool
The alternative scene, for a couple years now, has been taken seriously and that's a cool thing. I don't think it's exploded or anything, but I think it's pretty cool that it still exists, it's still affecting people.;Bob Odenkirk;cool
I noticed that this defense attorney is a very, very intelligent man, and he's very cool and he's very knowledgeable, and I think that personally I'd like to have an attorney like him.;Tommy Bond;cool
Everyone is different, but I'm not standoffish at all. I'm not one of those people who prefer to write a note. I'll walk right up to you and ask you out! Even if the answer's no, I'm totally cool with it.;Corbin Bleu;cool
I am a very open, social, friendly person, and when it comes to people approaching me and asking for an autograph, I am totally cool with doing any of that. It's a lot of fun.;Corbin Bleu;cool
A couple days ago, I saw a lot of people tweeting, 'Oh, it's so cool 'Home' is being used in the Olympics!' We don't really get to watch much TV, man, with the concerts every night, but I wish I could have seen it. I really just found out through Twitter and my management texting me. I thought it was really awesome.;Phillip Phillips;cool
I think there are four or five interesting pockets where a lot of cool technology companies are getting started. Chicago is one of them. New York is certainly another. Silicon Valley really dominates. And you're seeing some stuff out of Boston and Seattle and down South.;Eric Lefkofsky;cool
And getting stunt coordinator Dan Bradley and everybody from the whole 'Bourne Supremacy' crew, I think was real cool for our film because we do a bunch of really big jumps in this movie.;Sean William Scott;cool
I just thought it could make a really cool movie. It's not that it's just a buddy comedy but it's all about two guys hating each other and towards the end they're good friends. I liked that these two guys were best friends from the very beginning, and they're crazy.;Sean William Scott;cool
I think it's really cool to embrace the pain of something that may have hurt you and be able to express it through music.;Ciara;cool
People spend hours constantly checking and tweeting and Facebooking. And it's cool to check up on your friends and see what's going on in the world, but it's not cool to spend five hours of your day on the computer looking at the Internet.;Ty Segall;cool
Well, I look at it like this: When you go to a restaurant, the less you know about what happens in the kitchen, the more you enjoy your meal. If the soup tastes good, everything's cool, and you don't necessarily want to know what's in it. The same thing holds true with movies.;Jeffrey Wright;cool
It's really cool to know that you've put something together that isn't for a particular audience. It's so often that a TV show can really only speak to one sect of the population, and this really is something that appeals to a worldwide fan base. People who are into the pursuit of knowledge. Their reaction has meant the world to us.;David Krumholtz;cool
I've always been into guitars... we want to put keyboards on, but keyboard players don't look cool onstage, they just keep their heads down. There has never been a cool keyboard player, apart from Elton John.;Noel Gallagher;cool
To me, anyone with an Australian accent wielding a tennis racket is cool.;Adrian Smith;cool
On a film set everyone is very cool. Well, blase really.;Anthony Daniels;cool
But it's cool working with female directors because I'm a girl, so you do relate to them more. You can talk to them about other stuff like clothes and all that.;Elle Fanning;cool
You know, Southerners are pretty cool.;Fred Schneider;cool
I don't mind what the role is at all I just want to play cool characters.;Daniel Cudmore;cool
Florida has been really cool to us. This is our first big club tour, and Pennywise has been really nice.;Brandon Thomas;cool
I've won some pretty cool things in my life and I have a lot of great titles.;Heather O'Reilly;cool
It's fun to be a part of pop history. Anytime you can be referenced in that respect it can be cool.;Joey McIntyre;cool
Will Smith is young, he's cool and my kids have his CDs.;Robert Conrad;cool
Two weeks later, we played our first concert and had 100 people there. It was pretty cool.;Will Champion;cool
White people couldn't do black music back in the day because they weren't funky or bad enough. They weren't from the ghettoes, but hip-hop and R&ampB changed all of that because white kids want to be down with it. They wanted to learn it so they studied the culture. It's kind of a cool thing because we shouldn't be so separate.;Narada Michael Walden;cool
I grew up around hip-hop so I didn't think it was about being cool or being black or being white or whatever.;Chad Hugo;cool
It's pretty cool to be able to hang out with the President and have the race-winning car on the South Lawn.;Buddy Rice;cool
I love 'Goodfellas' because it's a great movie - it's funny and there is action at perfect points. I just think Martin Scorsese makes everyone look really cool.;Booboo Stewart;cool
I've done four other films since 'Submarine,' so that's quite cool. It's just good to have people respect your work I've never had that before. Yeah, my life has changed crazy. I'm a kid from a small town in south Wales, I play my Xbox usually and all that sort of stuff, and it's a whole new world.;Craig Roberts;cool
The 'Being Human' people were really cool and let me improvise. They had such a good working atmosphere. It was a cool set-up and a really good environment to be in.;Craig Roberts;cool
I'm getting a lot of stick because my character in 'Young Dracula' wanted to be vampire, so now that I am a vampire, everyone's like, 'You finally did it!' But it's cool and I loved doing 'Young Dracula.' That show's finished and I don't know why it ended, so it was brilliant to go into 'Being Human,' which is like the adult version of it.;Craig Roberts;cool
I'd love to pop back into 'Being Human' as Adam. I love the character so much. I've never really played a character like that. I'm always playing the geek, so to play a kid who is very energetic when he wants to be, and who is always trying to get the girls, was really cool.;Craig Roberts;cool
I want to speak up and tell you that mascara and clothes don't make you cool, neither do name-brand handbags, but being a leader can.;Renee Olstead;cool
Picking a best friend who stands up for what she believes in, is true to herself and allows you to be yourself without judgement of how 'cool' you are? Well, now you're picking a friend for life.;Renee Olstead;cool
I was never interested in making cool, distilled, pure objects.;Martin Puryear;cool
I've had cameos on some cool shows.;Paul Wesley;cool
I wasn't some weird loner in school, but I definitely wasn't invited to any of the cool parties.;Paul Wesley;cool
I was always a sci-fi and fantasy geek. I was in the 'Lord of the Rings' club and all my cool friends made fun of me.;Melissa de la Cruz;cool
Ninjas are so cool!;Adrianne Palicki;cool
I'm not cool with ACORN or the working families' party, or people that vote like democrats and run on Republican lines.;Doug Hoffman;cool
I once saw a picture in the paper of John Hegley with 'poet' written on his knuckles, and I thought that was pretty cool, so I was quite up front about it.;Jon McGregor;cool
I've never won an award for anything, and I think it's weird. I mean, that's really cool but it's strange to think you could get an award for acting. I always thought that was strange.;Bobby Cannavale;cool
They use all of the music that I did in the '50s, '60s and the '70s behind people like Tupac and LL Cool J. I'm into all that stuff.;Donald Byrd;cool
I feel like my music is just an extension of my acting. I treat the songs like scenes that tell a story... it's very similar. My favorite thing is when cartoon fans show up to my live gigs! They are always the most kick-butt audience members 'cause they're not trying to act all cool like a lot of the music fans do! It's refreshing!!;Grey DeLisle;cool
My favorite thing is when cartoon fans show up to my live gigs! They are always the most kick-butt audience members 'cause they're not trying to act all cool like a lot of the music fans do!;Grey DeLisle;cool
We believe the ice sheet was not around all the time. It was only around during cool snaps of the climate.;Kenneth R. Miller;cool
I remember in high school trying to get home from water-polo practice in time so I could see Happy Days on television when it first came on, because I was so blown away by it. It was just such a cool thing.;Ted McGinley;cool
In the old days, a TV sync was perceived as not so cool or whittling away at your indie cred. Now it's seen as much more of an opportunity than a sellout, as a way to find fans who wouldn't have ordinarily come across their genre of music.;Alexandra Patsavas;cool
I am working on a dress sock line of funky, colorful, cool designs.;Rob Kardashian;cool
The cool thing about writing is that there is really never a typical day. Sometimes I get a rhythm going and head off to work every morning and come home at night. Sometimes I'll write for two days straight and then be utterly blank for the next two.;Patricia Briggs;cool
It's cool to be in the paper every once in awhile and people read about you and they know who you are.;Taylor Phinney;cool
I'm playing with Bonnie Raitt. I don't have to sing it. I just have to play it. That's cool.;Billy Preston;cool
Personally, I just got one of these Vonage IP phones. It's actually pretty cool. It comes with one of these Cisco ATA routers where you just plug an analog handset in.;Rob Glaser;cool
I used to do this as a kid. And now they're paying me for it, which is cool.;William Kempe;cool
L.A.'s cool I had a run with it to where it just pretty much wore me out. I love the weather and I have great friends there, great family, but I really cannot take a lot of the culture. Like Nashville, where everybody's a songwriter, everybody out there is an actor.;Shooter Jennings;cool
There aren't many things that are universally cool, and it's cool not to litter. I'd never do it.;Matthew McConaughey;cool
There's nothing less funny than someone who looks cool. There's nothing more unappealing.;Eric Wareheim;cool
They very seldom let me lose my cool. They made me like I was Polly Perfect, which was ridiculous so that when I bump into kids on the street they'd say 'I wish my Mom were like you.';Charlotte Rae;cool
Comedy is so hard to do, so it was very cool to do dead pan humor.;Brittany Daniel;cool
The cool wind blew in my face and all at once I felt as if I had shed dullness from myself. Before me lay a long gray line with a black mark down the center. The birds were singing. It was spring.;Burl Ives;cool
I'm cool with where I'm at. It's certain things I wanna do to be better, but I'm good.;Jazmine Sullivan;cool
You can think of Hollywood as high school. TV actors are freshmen, comedy actors are maybe juniors, and dramatic actors - they're the cool seniors.;Owen Wilson;cool
But Freedom Strike was actually quite cool.;Tone Loc;cool
Now that we are cool, he said, and regret that we hurt each other, I am not sorry that it happened.;William Henry Hudson;cool
The cool thing about my profession is that I can do it until the day I die.;Candace Cameron;cool
I get to hang out with people I think are awesome, and do work I think is awesome. It's really cool.;Harold Perrineau;cool
It's cool to have critical success because it's always nice for your peers to say, 'Good job.' But who cares about them?;Zac Hanson;cool
In France, we don't yet have the craft that American TV does or big studios like Paramount. It was so cool going through those famous gates when you have your own little pass and picture on it. Woo hoo, I'm going to work!;Lizzie Brochere;cool
My sister and I said, Dad, are you doing to do anything about that? And he mentioned treatments other people sent him that he'd been working on. So we thought it would be kind of cool to give these guys a real script.;Rae Dawn Chong;cool
The cool thing about working and meeting a lot of people through your acting is that you never know who you might work with, in the future.;Tania Raymonde;cool
I hated the idea of a high school sweetheart. Growing up, oh my God, it just made me sick. I wanted to have a range of cool boyfriends. I wanted to travel around and date these interesting men. Then it just happened. You fall in love.;Charlotte Arnold;cool
When I was in school I read a lot of comic books and pretend I was in them and kids would tease me and call me names. But now I do the same things and people say that I'm artistic and cool and I'm doing the exact same thing I did in high school.;Freddie Prinze, Jr.;cool
I was raised to believe in myself. I know I'm cool. I'm not trying to brag or say I'm the man or anything like that. I don't lie or cheat, and I'm not mean to anybody. I treat people with respect.;Freddie Prinze, Jr.;cool
Internet mailing lists are like Fox television shows. They have really cool previews, and they get you all excited about them, but they just don't live up to their promises.;John Dobbin;cool
Definitely River Phoenix is somebody that I thought, 'This guy is very cool.' I wanted to be like him when I was a kid.;Jim Sturgess;cool
I thought that 'Twilight' would be a kind of girl movie, but it was cool.;Kodi Smit-McPhee;cool
I'm in a comic book now. That was cool. That's something that I'm still sorta reeling about, 'cause I read comics as a kid. Someone drew me, and actually did a pretty good job!;Rutina Wesley;cool
Film and television are just different. Film is cool because it's a complete package. You know the beginning, middle, and end. You can plan it out more, which I like. But with television you get a new script every week, so it's constantly a mystery as to what you're going to be doing.;Austin Butler;cool
I never had a cool older brother or sister to turn me on to cool music. I had to discover it for myself.;Tony Kanal;cool
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.;Steve Jobs;courage
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.';Eleanor Roosevelt;courage
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.;Nelson Mandela;courage
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.;Winston Churchill;courage
There are no easy answers' but there are simple answers. We must have the courage to do what we know is morally right.;Ronald Reagan;courage
Courage is the most important of all the virtues, because without courage you can't practice any other virtue consistently. You can practice any virtue erratically, but nothing consistently without courage.;Maya Angelou;courage
Courage is grace under pressure.;Ernest Hemingway;courage
We must build dikes of courage to hold back the flood of fear.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;courage
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.;Mark Twain;courage
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.;Muhammad Ali;courage
