I have no fear of being less beautiful, I've always been afraid of not being beautiful.;Isabelle Adjani;fear
I sometimes have a horrible fear of turning up a canvas of mine. I'm always afraid of finding a monster in place of the precious jewels I thought I had put there!;Camille Pissarro;fear
Fear, anxiety and neurosis: that's just in the suitcase when you're an actor.;Laura Linney;fear
Authority has every reason to fear the skeptic, for authority can rarely survive in the face of doubt.;Vita Sackville-West;fear
Not a few other very eminent and scholarly men made the same request, urging that I should no longer through fear refuse to give out my work for the common benefit of students of Mathematics.;Nicolaus Copernicus;fear
So here we are today with a new conversation. When University of Georgia plays Georgia Tech, it's uniform color versus skin color. We have - we've overcome that level of racial fear.;Jesse Jackson;fear
I took a Fear of Flying class, and I always missed the class, because I was always flying.;Sara Blakely;fear
I think it is important to ask ourselves as citizens, not as Democrats attacking the administration, but as citizens, whether a world power can really provide global leadership on the basis of fear and anxiety?;Zbigniew Brzezinski;fear
Together we can make a world where cancer no longer means living with fear, without hope, or worse.;Patrick Swayze;fear
In morals what begins in fear usually ends in wickedness in religion what begins in fear usually ends in fanaticism. Fear, either as a principle or a motive, is the beginning of all evil.;Anna Jameson;fear
So fear helps me from making mistakes, but I make lot of mistakes.;Steve Irwin;fear
Fear of failure has always been my best motivator.;Douglas Wood;fear
My fear now is of cliche, of complacency, of not being able to feel authenticity in myself and those around me.;John Hawkes;fear
I had a constant fear, a constant little doubt in my mind: 'OK, I'm getting ready to do my standing back full on beam and I might re-tear my ACL.';Shawn Johnson;fear
Mine are the deep-seated fears established when we are children, and they never quite go away: the fear of being helpless, the fear of being trapped, the fear of being out of control.;Virginia C. Andrews;fear
Being a parent is not for the faint of heart. I may joke about knowing fear, but the fact is, the first time I ever knew real fear was the day Charlotte, my first child, was born. Suddenly there is someone in the world you care about more than anything.;Harlan Coben;fear
I always say three things make a writer: inspiration, obviously perspiration, doing the work. But the third is desperation. I'm not really fit for anything else, or to have a real job. That fear drives me. The pressure has always been self inflicted.;Harlan Coben;fear
I like to do something I fear.;Heath Ledger;fear
At first I wasn't sure that I had the talent, but I did know I had a fear of failure, and that fear compelled me to fight off anything that might abet it.;Gordon Parks;fear
Jews survived all the defeats, expulsions, persecutions and pogroms, the centuries in which they were regarded as a pariah people, even the Holocaust itself, because they never gave up the faith that one day they would be free to live as Jews without fear.;Jonathan Sacks;fear
In an ecology of love, people can relate in trust and face the future without fear. They do not need to play it safe. They can take uncertainty in their stride.;Jonathan Sacks;fear
It may be you fear more to deliver judgment upon me than I fear judgment.;Giordano Bruno;fear
God, make me so uncomfortable that I will do the very thing I fear.;Ruby Dee;fear
Fear was absolutely necessary. Without it, I would have been scared to death.;Floyd Patterson;fear
A lot of people fear death because they think that so overwhelming an experience has to be painful, but I've seen quite a few deaths, and, with one exception, I've never known anyone to undergo anything like agony. That's amazing when you think about it. I mean, how complicated the mechanism is that's being taken apart.;Lewis Thomas;fear
A man's primary fantasy is access to a variety of attractive women without the fear of rejection.;Warren Farrell;fear
I am consumed with the fear of failing. Reaching deep down and finding confidence has made all my dreams come true.;Arsenio Hall;fear
The greatest fear that haunts this city is a suitcase bomb, nuclear or germ. Many people carry small gas masks. The masses here seem to be resigned to the inevitable, believing an attack of major proportions will happen.;David Wilkerson;fear
The Feminist Me says that a woman's right to her own body should be inviolate at all times, free from fear of peeping paps.;Julie Burchill;fear
Well, I am now convinced there is no kind of fear or anxiety anyone has to live with.;Ricky Williams;fear
Roosevelt talked not only about Freedom from Fear, but also Freedom from Want.;Jeffrey Sachs;fear
I fear God never showed mercy to one so vile as I.;David Brainerd;fear
Most of us harbour a significant amount of subconscious fear about death, and act out of this fear in our daily lives.;Christy Turlington;fear
Fear is just not a part of my life - so much so that if it's involved in somebody else's life and they're close to me, I won't be around them.;Jeremy Renner;fear
The dread of lonliness is greater than the fear of bondage, so we get married.;Cyril Connolly;fear
There are many who dare not kill themselves for fear of what the neighbours will say.;Cyril Connolly;fear
As repressed sadists are supposed to become policemen or butchers so those with an irrational fear of life become publishers.;Cyril Connolly;fear
There's a confidence that comes from youth and not knowing better. But there comes a point, as an actor, when you do know better, and that is when the fear starts.;Kiefer Sutherland;fear
My father was against the death penalty, and that was hard in the Son of Sam summer when fear was driving the desire for the death penalty.;Andrew Cuomo;fear
Because of the lack of education on AIDS, discrimination, fear, panic, and lies surrounded me.;Ryan White;fear
The universal human laws - need, love for the beloved, fear, hunger, periodic exaltation, the kindness that rises up naturally in the absence of hunger/fear/pain - are constant, predictable, reliable, universal, and are merely ornamented with the details of local culture.;George Saunders;fear
Let them hate so long as they fear.;Lucius Accius;fear
The regrets of yesterday and the fear of tomorrow can kill you.;Liza Minnelli;fear
Fear of the future is worse than one's present fortune.;Quintilian;fear
Most fear stems from sin to limit one's sins, one must assuredly limit one's fear, thereby bringing more peace to one's spirit.;Marvin Gaye;fear
Over the past few years, the road to confrontation has shown its consequences: loss of innocent lives, destruction and fear. Most costly, however, was the loss of hope. The most precious gift that you can present to your peoples over the coming weeks is renewed hope born out of tangible progress on the ground.;King Abdullah II;fear
I'd rather be two strokes ahead going into the last day than two strokes behind. Having said that, it's probably easier to win coming from behind. There is no fear in chasing. There is fear in being chased.;Jack Nicklaus;fear
Try a thing you haven't done three times. Once, to get over the fear of doing it. Twice, to learn how to do it. And a third time to figure out whether you like it or not.;Virgil Thomson;fear
Coming to terms with the fear of death is conducive to healing, positive personality transformation, and consciousness evolution.;Stanislav Grof;fear
I think one thing that kids who grow up on farms really have going for them is they have exposure to death and birth in a totally different way. I think it takes away a little bit of the mystery and a little bit of the fear, and I do wish I had that. And I wish I was able to grow my own food.;Rachel McAdams;fear
You know I never used to be a bad flyer, but I did start to have a fear of flying after I shot a movie where I was terrorized on a plane. I made Wes Craven's 'Red Eye'. I don't think they're linked but it does make me pause and wonder if they are, so perhaps I will explore that in therapy some day.;Rachel McAdams;fear
Vaccines save lives fear endangers them. It's a simple message parents need to keep hearing.;Jeffrey Kluger;fear
At the root of the shy temperament is a deep fear of social judgment, one so severe it can sometimes be crippling. Introverted people don't worry unduly about whether they'll be found wanting, they just find too much socializing exhausting and would prefer either to be alone or in the company of a select few people.;Jeffrey Kluger;fear
What people fear most about tragedy is its randomness - a taxi cab jumps the curb and hits a pedestrian, a gun misfires and kills a bystander. Better to have some rational cause and effect between incident and injury. And if cause and effect aren't possible, better that there at least be some reward for all the suffering.;Jeffrey Kluger;fear
Less base the fear of death than fear of life.;Edward Young;fear
I call on the Iranian people: it is not too late to replace the corrupt regime and return to your glorious Persian heritage, a heritage of culture and values and not of bombs and missiles... How can a nation allow a regime to instill fear, take away the people's freedom and shock the young generation that seeks its way out of the dictatorial Iran.;Shimon Peres;fear
I wish there were more true conversion, and then there would not be so much backsliding, and, for fear of suffering, living at ease, when there are so few to contend for Christ and His cause.;Donald Cargill;fear
Fear not and the God of mercies grant a full gale and a fair entry into His kingdom, which may carry sweetly and swiftly over the bar, that you find not the rub of death.;Donald Cargill;fear
I wish to be a martyr, and I don't fear death.;Muqtada al Sadr;fear
I don't have a fear of flying I have a fear of crashing.;Billy Bob Thornton;fear
Fear of death has never played a large part in my consciousness - perhaps unimaginative of me.;A. N. Wilson;fear
I might be deceiving myself but I do not think that I do have an inordinate fear of death.;A. N. Wilson;fear
On the one hand Twitter gives you the opportunity to engage with people, which is great, but on the other there are people who feel they can say whatever they want, put poison out there, really, without fear of any repercussions.;Michael Sheen;fear
Americans need never fear their government because of the advantage of being armed, which the Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation.;Gouverneur Morris;fear
Today it is not big business that we have to fear. It is big government.;Wendell Phillips;fear
Fear controls you.;Jack Kevorkian;fear
If you have stage fright, it never goes away. But then I wonder: is the key to that magical performance because of the fear?;Stevie Nicks;fear
For me it's important to be in balance. To not let fear get in the way of things, to not worry so much about protecting yourself all the time.;John Frusciante;fear
Fear is always a good motivator.;James Dyson;fear
What our children have to fear is not the cars on the highways of tomorrow but our own pleasure in calculating the most elegant parameters of their deaths.;J. G. Ballard;fear
We are near, very near, to an end to the eurozone crisis... The worst - in the sense of the fear of the eurozone breaking up - is over. But the best isn't there yet.;Francois Hollande;fear
You always have this fear in a movie of just being somebody's woman.;Charlize Theron;fear
Perhaps we don't need these religious concoctions to pillow the fear of death. Just the fact that there is an unknown, and something greater, can bring a feeling of peace. That's enough for me.;Brad Pitt;fear
That might have a lot to do with it, but you know, I probably don't show fear, but I suffer from fear like everyone else.;Steve Irwin;fear
Honest to God, all my life I have had such a fear of spiders. In fact, I use to have a reoccurring dream about one. Very clearly, it was black with a red head. It would sit up in the corner of the bedroom and when it started getting closer, I would wake up in a panic.;Tippi Hedren;fear
You have to have fear to take risks - and I want to at least try.;Seann William Scott;fear
You live in this shadow that you're going to burn in Hell until you're saved. And I still worry about it a little. I don't believe in Heaven, but I do still fear Hell.;Beth Ditto;fear
As with most phobias, the fear of flying does make some sense, but if ever there was a fear worth quashing then this is it. After all, life is short, and there's a great big world to explore out there.;Beth Ditto;fear
You can't operate a company by fear, because the way to eliminate fear is to avoid criticism. And the way to avoid criticism is to do nothing.;Steve Ross;fear
I always have the fear that, if I don't commit 100 percent to my work, then it's gonna suffer.;Joaquin Phoenix;fear
Going to parties usually makes me feel depressed, just because I have such social fear after meeting people.;Florence Welch;fear
I'm completely in love with the world but also terrified of it. It creates some overwhelming feelings. Wanting to battle out that joy and fear is part of my music.;Florence Welch;fear
I'd gone from being this art student messing about with music to this girl with a record deal, magazine front covers and all this hype. In many ways, it was everything I ever wanted, but when it happened all I felt was total, paralysing fear.;Florence Welch;fear
Why do people do things that they fear? It may be that the fear contains information. Something can be interesting if you get to the other side of that fear.;Craig Ferguson;fear
Fear and pain and suffering is not OK for any being to feel intentionally at the hands of us.;Leona Lewis;fear
My fear is that, as soon as I get married and have kids that I'll kind of do what a lot of people do and suddenly start making, 'Now I'm gonna make films for kids.' I really hope I don't do that.;Trey Parker;fear
Freedom is contagious. That's why despots fear it so much.;Bill Owens;fear
I began to fear that Mos Def was being treated as a product, not a person, so I've been going by Yasiin since '99. At first it was just for friends and family, but now I'm declaring it openly.;Mos Def;fear
I find writing very difficult. It's hard and it hurts sometimes, and it's scary because of the fear of failure and the very unpleasant feeling that you may have reached the limit of your abilities.;Tony Kushner;fear
Respect and fear are two different things.;Jane Smiley;fear
The thing about Republicans is that they don't care so much about respect, but they love fear, at least in others.;Jane Smiley;fear
A writer of fiction lives in fear. Each new day demands new ideas and he can never be sure whether he is going to come up with them or not.;Roald Dahl;fear
I think we have lost our groove as a country. One of the reasons was the attack on 9/11. We got knocked off our game. From a country that always exported hope we went into the business of exporting fear.;Thomas Friedman;fear
The injury that we do to a man must be such that we need not fear his vengeance.;Steve Perry;fear
There is no nation so powerful, as the one that obeys its laws not from principals of fear or reason, but from passion.;Charles de Montesquieu;fear
I have now taken a serious task upon myself and I fear a greater one that is in the power of any man to perform in the given time-but it is too late to go back.;Eli Whitney;fear
Whenever there is fear, you will get wrong figures.;W. Edwards Deming;fear
All the times I've been lucky enough to be a part of a show that's actually gotten on the air, it's always that same mixture of excitement and utter fear.;J. J. Abrams;fear
We have not sought this conflict we have sought too long to avoid it our forbearance has been construed into weakness, our magnanimity into fear, until the vindication of our manhood, as well as the defence of our rights, is required at our hands.;Robert Toombs;fear
