Philip Larkin has a tough honesty and sense of humor that I find irresistible, as a contemporary poet.;Robert Morgan;humor
Sometimes the only way to make palatable that which is appalling and apprehensive is to season it with some humor.;Terrence Howard;humor
My humor tends to be a little more edgy than is appropriate for 'Twilight,' although I got some in there. That was fun! There's just a tonal difference. For me, storytelling is storytelling. But, I do like writing for grown ups.;Melissa Rosenberg;humor
Everybody's got a different sense of humor. It's just different styles.;Colin Quinn;humor
For the most part, comedians are pretty friendly with each other. They always say they badmouth each other, but most of the time, they're friends. We're the only ones that can really stand our type of humor.;Colin Quinn;humor
I used to watch 'The Waltons' and sob because my family was nothing like that. We had a cruel sense of humor in my family.;Paula Poundstone;humor
Insult is powerful. Insult begets both rage and humor and often at the same time.;Suzanne Fields;humor
I think in my case, I had no choice but to have a good sense of humor. I grew up with my dad, Danny Thomas, and George Burns and Bob Hope and Milton Berle and Sid Caesar and all those guys were at our house all the time and telling jokes and making each other laugh.;Marlo Thomas;humor
Bathroom humor, fart, and poo poo humor in movies gets a laugh. It's a pretty easy audience, and that's been around for ages.;Selma Blair;humor
The love of truth lies at the root of much humor.;Robertson Davies;humor
I really hate sitcoms on television with canned laughter and stuff. What really makes me laugh is the real-life stuff. I've got a dry sense of humor.;Katie Price;humor
I've never met a person who has more integrity than my husband. I respect that. There's his humor and intelligence, too, and he's really cute, all those things - but if you don't respect your partner, you'll get sick of him.;Michelle Pfeiffer;humor
When you meet someone new who instantly gets you, your sense of humor and your attitudes and your worldview, even if theirs are different - and you get them in return. You both talk and talk and agree and laugh and nod and yes, yes, of course you should get another round of drinks.;Erin Morgenstern;humor
I visited Jobs for the last time in his Palo Alto, Calif., home. He had moved to a downstairs bedroom because he was too weak to go up and down stairs. He was curled up in some pain, but his mind was still sharp and his humor vibrant.;Walter Isaacson;humor
I think sometimes my humor is extremely dry, and a lot of times I would say things that I thought were very funny but... I have a reputation of - people think of me as a very fundamentalist, humorless fellow.;Ian MacKaye;humor
Conservative humor is frankly harder than liberal humor. You get points for just being liberal. You can get more points if you make fun of your own side sometimes.;Ted Rall;humor
Even as a kid I was never the generator of humor, but I always knew who was funny, who to hang out with.;Andrew Stanton;humor
It felt as if things were literally slipping through my fingers. Things were just streaming away from me. I lost my sense of humor. I'm still looking for that.;Michelle Williams;humor
Our ability to find humor in the world, to make connections between previously unconnected notions, to create new ideas, to share in a common culture: All these essentially human acts depend on memory.;Joshua Foer;humor
The guys in my band are great-we watch movies, we eat pizza, take walks, read books. Everybody has a really great sense of humor. And my boyfriend comes and visits me on the road.;Lisa Loeb;humor
You can find heroism everyday, like guys working terrible jobs because they've got to support their families. Or as far as humor, the things I see on the job, on the street, are far funnier than anything you'll ever see on TV.;Harvey Pekar;humor
I consider myself to have a decent sense of humor. What's life without a sense of humor?;Mayer Hawthorne;humor
My sense of humor is a turkey, and I pull it out of the oven and baste it in reality.;Tracy Morgan;humor
To me, sadness and humor aren't disrelated and humor is the best tool I've had against the sadness in my life.;Mike Mills;humor
As a person, he was wonderful. He really was a great person. He was full of life. He had a great sense of humor. Very talented, of course, but very caring to his parents. There was a very endearing quality about Elvis.;Priscilla Presley;humor
My type of humor is me not caring whether people know what I'm talking about or not.;John Hodgman;humor
It is the ability to take a joke, not make one, that proves you have a sense of humor.;Max Eastman;humor
If you get a diagnosis, get on a therapy, keep a good attitude and keep your sense of humor.;Teri Garr;humor
The humor is essentially dark for a cartoon and sophisticated. But at the same time, being a cartoon gives the writers more freedom than in a normal sitcom. It always pushes the line that, despite human failings, the Simpsons are really decent people.;Dan Castellaneta;humor
I make fun of situations and try and find the humor in things, but it's never at the expense of the other guy.;Bob Uecker;humor
To this day, I've found that it doesn't matter what a guy looks like if he's really funny. His sense of humor makes him attractive. On the other hand, you don't hear men saying, 'No she's not pretty, but is she ever funny!';Catherine O'Hara;humor
That is the saving grace of humor, if you fail no one is laughing at you.;A. Whitney Brown;humor
I tried to go out for theater or theater arts, but I was too scared or too intimidated. But I had a lot of friends on the cross country team that had great senses of humor.;Dana Carvey;humor
There are so many things to talk about between black people, Hispanic people, white people, gay people, men, women, it's all based on fear. We all have fears, this thing that stops us from embracing as we are one. We are never going to be one. People are messed up, but humor lets us see how ignorant we can be.;Marlon Wayans;humor
Humor helps ease the tension of race and the differences in society. If there wasn't comedy I don't know if Obama could have ever become president.;Marlon Wayans;humor
You learn timing on the road. You learn structure and how to read an audience. You learn so much about the business of laughter that you can't learn on a set, because it's all on you. Sometimes you bomb, and you know not to tell that joke again... You just hope people find the humor in the awkwardness.;Marlon Wayans;humor
I try to cope with everything through humor.;Gail Porter;humor
I think that different pleasures work for different readers - a friend of mine won't read anything that's not a cardiovascular sort of page-turner. I tend to care less about plot, but I'm a sucker for humor and strangeness.;Karen Russell;humor
We do not take humor seriously enough.;Konrad Lorenz;humor
Colombian humor is very black, very sarcastic.;Barbet Schroeder;humor
Some major writers have a huge impact, like Ayn Rand, who to my mind is a lousy fiction writer because her writing has no compassion and virtually no humor. She has a philosophical and economical message that she is passing off as fiction, but it really isn't fiction at all.;Theodore Sturgeon;humor
Even celebrities, most people have a sense of humor. Most of the people we meet who we've done on the show, like it.;Matt Stone;humor
Never say a humorous thing to a man who does not possess humor. He will always use it in evidence against you.;Herbert Beerbohm Tree;humor
I think hip-hop does a very good job of infusing comedy and humor and wit into music, a lot more than other genres.;Carrie Brownstein;humor
With Portlandia, I don't think our intention is always to find something funny. Sometimes the humor comes from taking something really seriously. We're okay with making somebody feel uncomfortable or uneasy.;Carrie Brownstein;humor
I try to bring it across on my record, in my dress, in what I do and what I say because to me humor is important. You should have a dose of that and I guess giving it is what I'm here for.;Bootsy Collins;humor
Men love it. They have a sense of humor, whereas a lot of women are threatened or just don't get it.;Lara Flynn Boyle;humor
I have a dark sense of humor.;Olivia Munn;humor
With actors like Steve McQueen, Paul Newman and Harrison Ford, what made them such icons is that even in dramatic movies, their characters had a sense of humor.;Patrick Wilson;humor
I love a man with a great sense of humor and who is intelligent - a man who has a great smile. He has to make me laugh. I like a man who is very ambitious and driven and who has a good heart and makes me feel safe. I like a man who is very strong and independent and confident - that is very sexy - but at the same time, he's very kind to people.;Nicole Scherzinger;humor
They don't make you pay for the humor. It's up and down, but they're trying to give you as many laughs as possible in 2 minutes. They are the most honest comedians ever.;Mike Judge;humor
I don't know if my sense of humor goes over Americans' heads.;Ryan Kwanten;humor
I think the Canadian sense of humor is dryer than America's and juicier than Britain's. I think it's a cross between the two of them, really.;Scott Thompson;humor
I think Canadian humor is a little less broad than American humor.;Scott Thompson;humor
Anyone in the humor business isn't thinking clearly if he doesn't surround himself with idea people. Otherwise, you settle for mediocrity - or you burn yourself out.;Hank Ketcham;humor
Bob Hope, like Mark Twain, had a sense of humor that was uniquely American, and like Twain, we'll likely not see another like him.;Dick Van Dyke;humor
You probably found 'How to Survive a Robot Uprising' in the humor section. Let's just hope that is where it belongs.;Daniel H. Wilson;humor
Well, it's a humor strip, so my first responsibility has always been to entertain the reader... But if, in addition, I can help move readers to thought and judgment about issues that concern me, so much the better.;Garry Trudeau;humor
Humor can inform and break down stigma, which is a huge issue in the military.;Garry Trudeau;humor
My dad's sense of humor was direct and sometimes surreal - his quick wit is well known amongst our family and friends. He raised me on Spike Jones records and W.C. Fields movies, and his sense of humor fell somewhere in between.;Tony Visconti;humor
But it also became the experience, or was the experience, of the writers who were attracted to this kind of humor. They're all men or women who come from the same kind of experience in their own lives.;Norman Lear;humor
If you look at the game and everything, it's not quite like looking at an animated film, because that's total character. This, this is really movement, but it's got funny little things if you look for the humor. They're actually getting to the character.;Don Bluth;humor
Sometimes Americans don't quite get my sense of humor. My good ol' British sarcasm seems to go over their heads.;Lee Westwood;humor
I'm not an expert on the Malaysian sense of humor.;Ben Stiller;humor
The polls indicated that I was feisty, that I was tough, that I had a sense of humor, but they weren't quite sure if they liked me and they didn't know whether or not that I was sensitive.;Geraldine Ferraro;humor
He was just trying to tease me - I knew that later - but he said he'd have to leave because it wasn't fair to have anyone in the room who was going to make fun of what he had to say. He had a good sense of humor, really.;Fay Wray;humor
I appreciate humor so much, but I'm actually not a funny girl.;Emmanuelle Chriqui;humor
I suppose I look for humor in most situations because it humanizes things it makes a character much more three-dimensional if there's some kind of humor. Not necessarily laugh-out-loud type of stuff, just a sense that there is a humorous edge to things. I do like that.;Colm Meaney;humor
Some people say my humor focuses too much on stereotypes. It doesn't. It focuses on facts.;Sarah Silverman;humor
I'm not for gratuitous nudity, but if there's humor, I don't have a problem.;Rebecca Romijn;humor
There's a hysterical, tired sense of humor that comes after working 14 hours a day, six days a week. I like those things because they take the pressure off the constant stress.;Tom Berenger;humor
Negative humor is forgotten immediately. It's the stuff that makes us feel better about our lives that lives long. Much more satisfying. Enter children's books.;Berkeley Breathed;humor
My legacy would be that you don't have to give up anything. You can be chic but have a sense of humor, you can be sexy but comfortable, you can be timeless but fresh.;Michael Kors;humor
I mean, yeah, I'm sure that Python and the other things have paved the way for a greater understanding of the British sense of humor, but I don't think it's all that different than the American sense of humor.;Simon Pegg;humor
I think at its best the American sense of humor is the same as the British sense of humor at its best, which is to be wry and ironic and self deprecating.;Simon Pegg;humor
However, frat-boy humor is funny and it always will be.;Craig Kilborn;humor
My dad instilled in me a great sense of humor. I wasn't bullied at school because my outward attitude was confident, and that helps.;Warwick Davis;humor
My parents armed me with an amazing sense of humor, and it's what you need when, well, it's what anyone needs in this world.;Warwick Davis;humor
We are really living the American dream, to be a successful brand in the States and in Europe and to steep ourselves in our heritage. But we do it with a sense of humor. We don't take ourselves too seriously in fashion.;Tommy Hilfiger;humor
I'll let you in on a secret: I can't stand Jay Ward. I hate being compared to Rocky and Bullwinkle. It's just a different style of humor.;John Kricfalusi;humor
Joe Barbera's s always complaining that he can't get humor into cartoons anymore. Just do it. You've got your money. Why do they let the networks run their lives?;John Kricfalusi;humor
A farce, or slapstick humor, does well universally.;John Ratzenberger;humor
Sure, the comedians who swear or use scatological humor can get laughs, but they're uncomfortable laughs.;John Ratzenberger;humor
I think up until the point when we started in the business, which was in the early '70s, most of the humor was political. The smart humor was political satire.;David Zucker;humor
Do feminists have a sense of humor? Yes.;Gloria Allred;humor
I genuinely liked all of the cast members very much. Steve had a wicked sense of humor. I remember Russell coming to my rescue, once. I watched Eric evolve before everyone's eyes. Maurice loved what he did, so. He treated his character with respect, down to the costuming.;Madeleine Stowe;humor
Lesbian humor isn't trying to sell anything, it doesn't have to sell out. Coming out as a lesbian onstage is still a very political act if it weren't, more women would do it.;Kate Clinton;humor
Confidence and a good sense of humor can usually win a chick over.;Danny McBride;humor
I liked the humor of it, I've always enjoyed a sense of humor in God and in religion and in spirituality.;Amber Tamblyn;humor
I don't think I could ever do a network sitcom because the humor is often based on some trite circumstance. I don't want to be a part of a show where it's mostly about coming up with the jokes.;Sherilyn Fenn;humor
The waltz is a very important part of my life. It's a very important way for me to express my positiveness, bringing humor to the world.;Andre Rieu;humor
Roosevelt's humor was broad, his manner friendly. Of wit there was little of philosophy, none. What did he possess? Intuition, inspiration, love of adventure.;Emanuel Celler;humor
But if you don't watch me, I will try and sneak in some humor. I see humor everywhere in life around me.;Marion Ross;humor
While it is true that Frank had a great sense of humor, he was also very serious about composing music. In reality there are only a handful of skilled players who can play his most complex pieces. It takes a lot of patience to learn and requires a fantastic memory.;Dweezil Zappa;humor
I was a product of a divorced family and I used humor as a weapon to combat sadness. I used comedy to make my mother laugh in light of the darkness that she faced, and to me it became a very powerful tool at a very young age, at six. I saw how therapeutic it could be.;Josh Gad;humor
Jazz can be so serious, no sense of humor.;Chad Smith;humor
I was a little shocked at how adult some of the humor was, because I was never that into animation before and when I watched 'Shrek' I really laughed out loud.;Cheryl Hines;humor
I'm not just a big-haired redhead country singer who dresses flamboyantly, has this wicked sense of humor and wears rhinestones.;Naomi Judd;humor
There is humor in the specter of the worst disaster in our nation's history. All I have to do is sweep away the debris of shock to find it.;Will Durst;humor
