The mother's battle for her child with sickness, with poverty, with war, with all the forces of exploitation and callousness that cheapen human life needs to become a common human battle, waged in love and in the passion for survival.;Adrienne Rich;war
No matter how vast, how total, the failure of man here on earth, the work of man will be resumed elsewhere. War leaders talk of resuming operations on this front and that, but man's front embraces the whole universe.;Henry Miller;war
War will disappear only when men shall take no part whatever in violence and shall be ready to suffer every persecution that their abstention will bring them. It is the only way to abolish war.;Anatole France;war
Death has a tendency to encourage a depressing view of war.;Donald Rumsfeld;war
In war, events of importance are the result of trivial causes.;Julius Caesar;war
There have been only 268 of the past 3,421 years free of war.;Will Durant;war
We can best help you to prevent war not by repeating your words and following your methods but by finding new words and creating new methods.;Virginia Woolf;war
War contributes greatly to global warming, which shouldn't surprise us. All those bombs going off, all those rockets, all those planes and helicopters. All that fuel of various kinds being used. It pollutes the air and water of this very fragile and interconnected planet.;Alice Walker;war
The very essence of literature is the war between emotion and intellect, between life and death. When literature becomes too intellectual - when it begins to ignore the passions, the emotions - it becomes sterile, silly, and actually without substance.;Isaac Bashevis Singer;war
Not all moral issues have the same moral weight as abortion and euthanasia. There may be legitimate diversity of opinion even among Catholics about waging war and applying the death penalty, but not... with regard to abortion and euthanasia.;Pope Benedict XVI;war
War is very sad and small life is pathetically fragile at times.;Henry Rollins;war
Nowadays it is the fashion to emphasize the horrors of the last war. I didn't find it so horrible. There are just as horrible things happening all round us today, if only we had eyes to see them.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;war
War is a profane thing.;Norman Schwarzkopf;war
Could I have but a line a century hence crediting a contribution to the advance of peace, I would yield every honor which has been accorded by war.;Douglas MacArthur;war
No event in American history is more misunderstood than the Vietnam War. It was misreported then, and it is misremembered now.;Richard M. Nixon;war
To delight in war is a merit in the soldier, a dangerous quality in the captain, and a positive crime in the statesman.;George Santayana;war
All the miseries and evils which men suffer from vice, crime, ambition, injustice, oppression, slavery and war, proceed from their despising or neglecting the precepts contained in the Bible.;Noah Webster;war
War is the remedy that our enemies have chosen, and I say let us give them all they want.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
This administration here and now declares unconditional war on poverty.;Lyndon B. Johnson;war
I'm tired. I'm tired of feeling rejected by the American people. I'm tired of waking up in the middle of the night worrying about the war.;Lyndon B. Johnson;war
As a result of my philosophy, I wasn't even upset about Hitler. I was willing to go to war to knock him off, but I didn't hate him. I hated what he was doing.;Albert Ellis;war
War contains so much folly, as well as wickedness, that much is to be hoped from the progress of reason.;James Madison;war
War can only be abolished through war, and in order to get rid of the gun it is necessary to take up the gun.;Mao Zedong;war
The decadent international but individualistic capitalism in the hands of which we found ourselves after the war is not a success. It is not intelligent. It is not beautiful. It is not just. It is not virtuous. And it doesn't deliver the goods.;John Maynard Keynes;war
Organize, agitate, educate, must be our war cry.;Susan B. Anthony;war
Democracies are indeed slow to make war, but once embarked upon a martial venture are equally slow to make peace and reluctant to make a tolerable, rather than a vindictive, peace.;Reinhold Niebuhr;war
You cannot be President of the United States if you don't have faith. Remember Lincoln, going to his knees in times of trial in the Civil War and all that stuff.;George H. W. Bush;war
This is an important book, the critic assumes, because it deals with war. This is an insignificant book because it deals with the feelings of women in a drawing-room.;Virginia Woolf;war
If we help an educated man's daughter to go to Cambridge are we not forcing her to think not about education but about war? - not how she can learn, but how she can fight in order that she might win the same advantages as her brothers?;Virginia Woolf;war
People always make war when they say they love peace.;David Herbert Lawrence;war
I love it when Muslims go to war with each other, as I do when the Christians do, because it shows there's no such thing as the Christian world and the Islamic world. That's all crap.;Christopher Hitchens;war
It is Barack Obama who is at war with this country. Recent events prove it. This is not a cliche. It's not a figure of speech. Obama is at war with the U.S. economy.;Rush Limbaugh;war
All this happened, more or less. The war parts, anyway, are pretty much true.;Kurt Vonnegut;war
A peace that depends on fear is nothing but a suppressed war.;Henry Van Dyke;war
A self-respecting nation is ready for anything, including war, except for a renunciation of its option to make war.;Simone Weil;war
What a country calls its vital... interests are not things that help its people live, but things that help it make war.;Simone Weil;war
Sectional football games have the glory and the despair of war, and when a Texas team takes the field against a foreign state, it is an army with banners.;John Steinbeck;war
War can be avoided, and it ought to be avoided. I want no war.;Chief Joseph;war
I said in my heart that, rather than have war, I would give up my country.;Chief Joseph;war
I saw clearly that war was upon us when I learned that my young men had been secretly buying ammunition.;Chief Joseph;war
I saw that the war could not be prevented. The time had passed.;Chief Joseph;war
We had good white friends who advised us against taking the war path. My friend and brother, Mr. Chapman, told us just how the war would end.;Chief Joseph;war
The condition of man... is a condition of war of everyone against everyone.;Thomas Hobbes;war
War never takes a wicked man by chance, the good man always.;Sophocles;war
In order for a war to be just, three things are necessary. First, the authority of the sovereign. Secondly, a just cause. Thirdly, a rightful intention.;Thomas Aquinas;war
I don't believe war is a way to solve problems. I think it's wrong. I don't have respect for the people that made the decisions to go on with war. I don't have that much respect for Bush. He's about war, I'm not about war - a lot of people aren't about war.;Avril Lavigne;war
The only way human beings can win a war is to prevent it.;George C. Marshall;war
The terrorists and their supporters declared war on the United States - and war is what they got.;George W. Bush;war
Virtue is a state of war, and to live in it we have always to combat with ourselves.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;war
Winning is overrated. The only time it is really important is in surgery and war.;Al McGuire;war
A man will go to war, fight and die for his country. But he won't get a bikini wax.;Rita Rudner;war
Really, when it comes to gay rights, there's two wars going on. The first war is political. But the culture war is over.;Dan Savage;war
God is day and night, winter and summer, war and peace, surfeit and hunger.;Heraclitus;war
Some have argued that confronting the threat from Iraq could detract from the war against terror. To the contrary, confronting the threat posed by Iraq is crucial to winning the war on terror.;George W. Bush;war
This was not an act of terrorism, but it was an act of war.;George W. Bush;war
With those attacks, the terrorists and their supporters declared war on the United States. And war is what they got.;George W. Bush;war
Hundreds of thousands of American servicemen and women are deployed across the world in the war on terror. By bringing hope to the oppressed, and delivering justice to the violent, they are making America more secure.;George W. Bush;war
War is to man what maternity is to a woman. From a philosophical and doctrinal viewpoint, I do not believe in perpetual peace.;Benito Mussolini;war
War is cruelty, and none can make it gentle.;Gilbert Parker;war
If you want to fight a war on drugs, sit down at your own kitchen table and talk to your own children.;Barry McCaffrey;war
See, that's why Barack's running: to end the war in Iraq responsibly - to build an economy that lifts every family, to make sure health care is available for every American - and to make sure that every child in this nation has a world-class education all the way from preschool to college.;Michelle Obama;war
War is good when good survives and evil is crushed. If you don't crush evil then evil will get you.;Ted Nugent;war
For one thing, I don't think that anybody in any war thinks of themselves as a hero.;Steven Spielberg;war
We can, for example, be fairly confident that either there will be a world without war or there won't be a world - at least, a world inhabited by creatures other than bacteria and beetles, with some scattering of others.;Noam Chomsky;war
Here's how I think of my money - as soldiers - I send them out to war everyday. I want them to take prisoners and come home, so there's more of them.;Kevin O'Leary;war
No more war! Never again war! If you wish to be brothers, drop your weapons.;Pope Paul VI;war
War is a blessing compared with national degradation.;Andrew Jackson;war
Be polite write diplomatically even in a declaration of war one observes the rules of politeness.;Otto von Bismarck;war
God employs several translators some pieces are translated by age, some by sickness, some by war, some by justice.;John Donne;war
How is the world ruled and led to war? Diplomats lie to journalists and believe these lies when they see them in print.;Karl Kraus;war
War kills men, and men deplore the loss but war also crushes bad principles and tyrants, and so saves societies.;Charles Caleb Colton;war
The natural principle of war is to do the most harm to our enemy with the least harm to ourselves and this of course is to be effected by stratagem.;Washington Irving;war
What is more immoral than war?;Marquis de Sade;war
Cards are war, in disguise of a sport.;Charles Lamb;war
Once the command of the air is obtained by one of the contending armies, the war becomes a conflict between a seeing host and one that is blind.;H. G. Wells;war
There is many a boy here today who looks on war as all glory, but, boys, it is all hell.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
Americans are blessed with great plenty we are a generous people and we have a moral obligation to assist those who are suffering from poverty, disease, war and famine.;Adam Schiff;war
Politics is war without bloodshed, while war is politics with bloodshed.;Mao Zedong;war
I interviewed survivors, I went to Poland, saw the cities and spent time with the people and spoke to the Jews who had come back to Poland after the war and talked about why they had come back.;Steven Spielberg;war
When war comes, two things happen - profits go way, way up and all perishables go way, way down. There becomes a market for them.;Steven Spielberg;war
In the re-creation of combat situations, and this is coming from a director who's never been in one, being mindful of what these veterans have actually gone through, you find that the biggest concern is that you don't look at war as a geopolitical endeavor.;Steven Spielberg;war
As for charity, it is a matter in which the immediate effect on the persons directly concerned, and the ultimate consequence to the general good, are apt to be at complete war with one another.;John Stuart Mill;war
Australians are coffee snobs. An influx of Italian immigrants after World War II ensured that - we probably had the word 'cappuccino' about 20 years before America. Cafe culture is really big for Aussies. We like to work hard, but we take our leisure time seriously.;Hugh Jackman;war
I guess if people couldn't profit from war I don't think there would be war.;Lily Tomlin;war
My hope is that gays will be running the world, because then there would be no war. Just a greater emphasis on military apparel.;Roseanne Barr;war
When I grew up, in Taiwan, the Korean War was seen as a good war, where America protected Asia. It was sort of an extension of World War II. And it was, of course, the peak of the Cold War. People in Taiwan were generally proAmerican. The Korean War made Japan. And then the Vietnam War made Taiwan. There is some truth to that.;Ang Lee;war
As this long and difficult war ends, I would like to address a few special words to the American people: Your steadfastness in supporting our insistence on peace with honor has made peace with honor possible.;Richard M. Nixon;war
This is not Johnson's war. This is America's war. If I drop dead tomorrow, this war will still be with you.;Lyndon B. Johnson;war
The atomic bomb made the prospect of future war unendurable. It has led us up those last few steps to the mountain pass and beyond there is a different country.;J. Robert Oppenheimer;war
The rule for effective governance is simple. It is one Ronald Reagan knew by heart. And one that he successfully employed with Social Security and the Cold War. When there is a problem, you fix it. That is the job you have been sent to do and you cannot wait for someone else to do it for you.;Chris Christie;war
Loud peace propaganda makes war seem imminent.;David Herbert Lawrence;war
The war is dreadful. It is the business of the artist to follow it home to the heart of the individual fighters - not to talk in armies and nations and numbers - but to track it home.;David Herbert Lawrence;war
For peace is not mere absence of war, but is a virtue that springs from, a state of mind, a disposition for benevolence, confidence, justice.;Baruch Spinoza;war
She doesn't understand the concept of Roman numerals. She thought we just fought in world war eleven.;Joan Rivers;war
I'm finding myself really angry over spending and the deficit. I'm finding myself really angry over what's happening in the Middle East, the decision to stay in Afghanistan indefinitely. I'm angry about cap and trade. And I've been on record for a long time on the failed war on drugs.;Gary Johnson;war
War is delightful to those who have had no experience of it.;Desiderius Erasmus;war
The most disadvantageous peace is better than the most just war.;Desiderius Erasmus;war
War is sweet to those who have not experienced it.;Desiderius Erasmus;war
The time not to become a father is eighteen years before a war.;E. B. White;war
