We know more about war than we know about peace, more about killing than we know about living.;Omar N. Bradley;war
With Vietnam, the Iraq War, so many American films about war are almost always from the American point of view. You almost never have a Middle Eastern character by name with a story.;Mira Nair;war
Even under the best of circumstances, the road back from war is difficult.;Ron Wyden;war
The Bible is a radically pro-slavery document. Slave owners waved Bibles over their heads in the Civil War and justified it.;Dan Savage;war
I've always been at war with myself, for right or wrong.;Brad Pitt;war
Most American fascists are enthusiastically supporting the war effort. They are doing this even in those cases where they hope to have profitable connections with German chemical firms after the war ends.;Henry A. Wallace;war
Until democracy in effective enthusiastic action fills the vacuum created by the power of modern inventions, we may expect the fascists to increase in power after the war both in the United States and in the world.;Henry A. Wallace;war
The fact is, Bush's war policy has failed. It's failed! Who better to say so than Jack Murtha?;Rahm Emanuel;war
American culture is torn between our long romance with violence and our terror of the devastation wrought by war and crime and environmental havoc.;Katherine Dunn;war
If Scotland and America go to war, I'm afraid I've already sworn in.;Craig Ferguson;war
I think I'm just someone that just tries to get by. I'm kind of - if it was during the Second World War, I'd be a black marketeer, I think.;Craig Ferguson;war
The Berlin Wall wasn't the only barrier to fall after the collapse of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War. Traditional barriers to the flow of money, trade, people and ideas also fell.;Fareed Zakaria;war
I've been giving free money seminars for the troops at Walter Reed Hospital and one of the Iraqi War Vets realized that the military wouldn't pay for the dental work he needed.;Matthew Lesko;war
During the Cold War, we were interested because we were scared that Russia and the United States were going to go to war. We were scared that Russia was going to take over the world. Every country became a battleground.;Fareed Zakaria;war
With all the negativity going on in the world right now, people need an escape. When you give them a hit record or a great record, it allows them to escape for at least three to four minutes. They're not thinking bills or economy or immigration or war when you create that kind of ambiance.;Pitbull;war
In times of conflict, war, poverty or religious fundamentalism, women and children are the first and most numerous victims. Women need all their courage today.;Isabel Allende;war
Peace is the happy natural state of man war is corruption and disgrace.;James Thomson;war
The war we have to wage today has only one goal and that is to make the world safe for diversity.;U Thant;war
In war, whichever side may call itself the victor, there are no winners, but all are losers.;Neville Chamberlain;war
So long as war is the main business of nations, temporary despotism - despotism during the campaign - is indispensable.;Walter Bagehot;war
After every war someone has to tidy up.;Wislawa Szymborska;war
I think that the Cold War was an exceptional and unnecessary piece of cruelty.;Jane Smiley;war
The Dell Theory of Conflict Prevention argues that no two countries that are both part of the same global supply chain will ever fight a war as long as they are each part of that supply chain.;Thomas Friedman;war
My mom enlisted in the U.S. Navy in World War II, and my parents actually bought our home thanks to the loan she got through the GI Bill.;Thomas Friedman;war
I want to start my own airplane business. I'm going to buy two Dakotas, paint them up in war colours and do, er, nostalgia trips to Arnhem - you know, where the old paratroopers used to go - and charge them about 20 quid a time.;Gary Numan;war
You know, this is a war of ideology, a war of thoughts and of faith. And we need people to really stand for faith and trust, not hope and change.;Sharron Angle;war
It was my duty to shoot the enemy, and I don't regret it. My regrets are for the people I couldn't save: Marines, soldiers, buddies. I'm not naive, and I don't romanticize war. The worst moments of my life have come as a SEAL. But I can stand before God with a clear conscience about doing my job.;Chris Kyle;war
War can be so impersonal yet when we put a name, a face, a place and match it to families, then war is not impersonal.;Dennis Kucinich;war
They have called Operation Iraqi Freedom a war of choice that isn't part of the real war on terror. Someone should tell that to al Qaeda.;John Boehner;war
No, let's make sure that people understand that this is a very important war that is helping to protect us here at home. And that we have no choice but to win it. As difficult as it is.;John Boehner;war
Americans, particularly after World War II, tended to romanticize war because in World War II our cause was the cause of humanity, and our soldiers brought home glory and victory, and thank God that they did. But it led us to romanticize it to some extent.;Neil Sheehan;war
When I was in Pulp, I actively did more TV stuff because that was during the Great Britpop Wars, and it seemed important to prove that indie people could speak. That war doesn't exist anymore.;Jarvis Cocker;war
We live in the time where we have fictitious election results that elects a fictitious president. We live in a time where we have a man sending us to war for fictitious reasons.;Michael Moore;war
You don't have to have fought in a war to love peace.;Geraldine Ferraro;war
It's a sad day when the leaders of the free world engage in such deception and trickery. I voted against this unnecessary war and will continue to argue that the best way to support our troops is to bring them home.;Major R. Owens;war
World War I broke out largely because of an arms race, and World War II because of the lack of an arms race.;Herman Kahn;war
One nuclear war is going to be the last nuclear - the last war, frankly, if it really gets out of hand. And I just don't think we ought to be prepared to accept that sort of thing.;Lawrence Eagleburger;war
World War II, the atomic bomb, the Cold War, made it hard for Americans to continue their optimism.;Stephen Ambrose;war
The most influential factor in selling a home is always price. Don't build 'wiggle room' into the asking price. There's a price war out there and you have to win it from the get-go.;Barbara Corcoran;war
I am one who believes that we are, in fact, engaged in a worldwide war against terrorism. We must have the serenity to accept the fact that war is not going to go away if we ignore it.;Robert Foster Bennett;war
Have you ever thought that war is a madhouse and that everyone in the war is a patient?;Oriana Fallaci;war
Everything, everything in war is barbaric... But the worst barbarity of war is that it forces men collectively to commit acts against which individually they would revolt with their whole being.;Ellen Key;war
When I was growing up, it was 'Communists'. Now it's 'Terrorists'. So you always have to have somebody to fight and be afraid of, so the war machine can build more bombs, guns, and bullets and everything.;Cindy Sheehan;war
For the sake of the troops, for the love of the troops, we must not add yet another casualty to this war. We must not let truth be a casualty of this war.;Barbara Boxer;war
My subject is War, and the pity of War. The Poetry is in the pity.;Wilfred Owen;war
Look at what President Kennedy managed to achieve during the Cuban missile crisis. If Bush had been president in 1962, do you think he would have avoided a nuclear war?;Bianca Jagger;war
Councils of war breed timidity and defeatism.;Jack Kemp;war
The heroes of Flight 93 won the first battle in the War on Terror, and they should never be forgotten.;Jim Ramstad;war
Let us not be deceived we are today in the midst of a cold war.;Bernard Baruch;war
What happened in America in the 1860s was a war of secession, a war of independence, no different in principle from what happened in America in the 1770s and 1780s.;L. Neil Smith;war
The War on Drugs employs millions - politicians, bureaucrats, policemen, and now the military - that probably couldn't find a place for their dubious talents in a free market, unless they were to sell pencils from a tin cup on street corners.;L. Neil Smith;war
I hope to stay unemployed as a war photographer till the end of my life.;Robert Capa;war
I think there should be holy war against yoga classes.;Werner Herzog;war
For a war correspondent to miss an invasion is like refusing a date with Lana Turner.;Robert Capa;war
People say you favor assassination, what do you think war is? Except that it's assassination on a much larger scale, a much more horrific scale.;John Bolton;war
The fight, this war, this fight against the remnants of terrorism will go on for some time.;Hamid Karzai;war
I think the International Criminal Court could be a threat to American security interests, because the prosecutor of the court has enormous discretion in going after war crimes. And the way the Statute of Rome is written, responsibility for war crimes can be taken all the way up the chain of command.;John Bolton;war
But the war on terror as I have repeatedly said in the past, and the Afghan people believe in it, in truth, is that the war on terror is not in the Afghan villages or homes. Its in the sanctuaries, it is in the training grounds, its in the motivation factors and the money that comes to it.;Hamid Karzai;war
Politicians, like generals, have a tendency to fight the last war.;John Bolton;war
You should be careful what you wish for, as the reasons for war get confused. One person can be very clear in their motives, but others can have different agendas.;Dougray Scott;war
My grandfather was a general in the Nationalist Chinese Air Force during World War II, and I grew up hearing the pilot stories and seeing pictures of him in uniform.;Eric Liu;war
I want to wage war against illiteracy, poverty, unemployment, unfair competition, communitarianism, delinquency.;Nicolas Sarkozy;war
The U.S. has since the end of World War II had an answer - we stand for free peoples and free markets, we are willing to support and defend them - we will sustain a balance of power that favors freedom.;Condoleezza Rice;war
Detainee policy in this war is hard, it's complicated, but we must get it right. We would be better off as a nation if we could close Gitmo safely and start a new prison that he could use that the world would see as a better way to doing business.;Lindsey Graham;war
This nation has always struggled with how it was going to deal with poor people and people of color. Every few years you will see some great change in the way that they approach this. We've had the war on poverty that never really got into waging a real war on poverty.;Maxine Waters;war
It is inhuman to continue a war which could easily be ended.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;war
Thus, the use of fiat money is more justifiable in financing a depression than in financing a war.;Carroll Quigley;war
A devastating commentary on the war in Iraq is that we have been unable to spend money on infrastructure.;Charles Schumer;war
I believe the war on terror is the vital discussion of this decade and of our generation, probably. To win the war on terror, you need a good offense and a good defense. On defense, I regret to say, basically, this administration has not come close to doing what is necessary.;Charles Schumer;war
We were succeeding. When you looked at specifics, this became a war of attrition. We were winning.;William Westmoreland;war
Four years of world war, at a cost in human suffering which our minds are mercifully too limited to imagine, led to the very clear realization that international anarchy must be abandoned if civilization was to survive.;Arthur Henderson;war
He would see civilization in danger of perishing under the oppression of a gigantic paradox: he would see multitudes of people starving in the midst of plenty, and nations preparing for war although pledged to peace.;Arthur Henderson;war
In almost every country there are elements of opinion which would welcome such a conclusion because they wish to return to the politics of the balance of power, unrestricted and unregulated armaments, international anarchy, and preparation for war.;Arthur Henderson;war
I consider Bush's decision to call for a war against terrorism a serious mistake. He is elevating these criminals to the status of war enemies, and one cannot lead a war against a network if the term war is to retain any definite meaning.;Jurgen Habermas;war
In our modern world of interdependent nations, hardly any state can wage war successfully without raising loans and buying war materials of every kind in the markets of other nations.;Arthur Henderson;war
It is to be observed that every case of war averted is a gain in general, for it helps to form a habit of peace, and community habits long continued become standards of conduct.;Elihu Root;war
In short, it may be said that on paper the obligations to settle international disputes peacefully are now so comprehensive and far-reaching that it is almost impossible for a state to resort to war without violating one or more solemn treaty obligations.;Arthur Henderson;war
To deal with the true causes of war one must begin by recognizing as of prime relevancy to the solution of the problem the familiar fact that civilization is a partial, incomplete, and, to a great extent, superficial modification of barbarism.;Elihu Root;war
In some states militant nationalism has gone to the lengths of dictatorship, the cult of the absolute or totalitarian state and the glorification of war.;Arthur Henderson;war
I think there's a tremendous split between people who've been through a war and people who haven't.;Antonia Fraser;war
It is because I believe that it is in the power of such nations to lead the world back into the paths of peace that I propose to devote myself to explaining what, in my opinion, can and should be done to banish the fear of war that hangs so heavily over the world.;Arthur Henderson;war
Moreover, war has become a thing potentially so terrible and destructive that it should have been the common aim of statesmen to put an end to it forever.;Arthur Henderson;war
The more the history of the World War and what led up to it is studied, the more clearly those tragic years become revealed as a vast collapse of civilization.;Arthur Henderson;war
The vast upheaval of the World War set in motion forces that will either destroy civilization or raise mankind to undreamed of heights of human welfare and prosperity.;Arthur Henderson;war
We had four years of world war which the peoples endured only because they were told that their sufferings would free humanity forever from the scourge of war.;Arthur Henderson;war
I feel like war should occur only for the most vital and necessary reasons, and only then.;Sharon Stone;war
War is by no means something glamorous, and I don't think that should ever be forgotten.;Curt Schilling;war
I frankly don't think it's going to be a successful war on terrorism until law enforcement agencies like the FBI are willing to share with other law enforcement agencies. If they can't share information, there's no way this war can be won.;Patty Hearst;war
Guerrilla wars, and even more so terrorist assaults, are conducted only by forces with insufficient strength to carry out a real war.;Conrad Black;war
During the Second World War, evacuated to non-Jewish households, I encountered Christianity at home and in school.;Lionel Blue;war
Watergate enabled the Democrats to cut off all aid to South Vietnam and ensure American defeat in a war their party entered and had effectively lost, before Nixon salvaged a non-Communist South Vietnam while effecting a complete American withdrawal.;Conrad Black;war
Peace, if it ever exists, will not be based on the fear of war but on the love of peace.;Julien Benda;war
A quest for knowledge is not a war with faith spirituality is not usually an infelicitous amalgam of superstition and philistinism and moral relativism, taken outside midfield, leads inexorably both to heresy and to secular wickedness, which are often identical.;Conrad Black;war
I think as an American society, when we're paying too many taxes or dealing with war, we don't want to see sad things at the movies.;Zoe Saldana;war
For all history up to the end of the Cold War, summit meetings were historic and dramatic occasions, when leaders who controlled the destiny of much of the world met to change the world.;Conrad Black;war
There is peace more destructive of the manhood of living man than war is destructive of his material body.;Douglas William Jerrold;war
Priorities like winning the War on Terror and providing tax relief that will keep our economy growing strong.;Dennis Hastert;war
War has been good to me from a financial standpoint but I don't want to make money that way. I don't want blood money.;Ted Turner;war
Nothing is more useless in developing a nation's economy than a gun, and nothing blocks the road to social development more than the financial burden of war. War is the arch enemy of national progress and the modern scourge of civilized men.;King Hussein I;war
