I don't worry about being in a hurry any more, because my faith in God will always deliver me on time.;Martha Reeves;faith
Faith is the heroism of the intellect.;Charles Henry Parkhurst;faith
Propelled by freedom of faith, gender equality and economic justice for all, India will become a modern nation. Minor blemishes cannot cloak the fact that India is becoming such a modern nation: no faith is in danger in our country, and the continuing commitment to gender equality is one of the great narratives of our times.;Pranab Mukherjee;faith
I stepped out on faith to follow my lifelong dream of being an author. I made real sacrifices and took big risks. But living, it seems to me, is largely about risk.;Jan Karon;faith
Why should any man have power over any other man's faith, seeing Christ Himself is the author of it?;George Fox;faith
Our nation has kept faith with its veterans. Funding for veterans healthcare and benefits is strong, and has increased more than 75 percent in the last decade.;Steve Buyer;faith
All the faith and good will in the world is wasted without direction.;Bill Owens;faith
In this new century, our commitment to family and to faith, to community and opportunity, to freedom and to hope, will be the light that shines to lead us forward.;Bill Owens;faith
It's also reflective of a young person's religion or faith in that it's highly charged with sacramental imagery and with country imagery, because I was in the seminary for so many years in the country.;Daniel Berrigan;faith
I desire an special interest in your prayers that my faith fail not in the day of adversity.;John Hawley;faith
Bad religion is arrogant, self-righteous, dogmatic and intolerant. And so is bad science. But unlike religious fundamentalists, scientific fundamentalists do not realize that their opinions are based on faith. They think they know the truth.;Rupert Sheldrake;faith
The facts of science are real enough, and so are the techniques that scientists use, and so are the technologies based on them. But the belief system that governs conventional scientific thinking is an act of faith.;Rupert Sheldrake;faith
For more than 200 years, materialists have promised that science will eventually explain everything in terms of physics and chemistry. Believers are sustained by the faith that scientific discoveries will justify their beliefs.;Rupert Sheldrake;faith
Well, you have to keep your faith in the fact that there are a lot of intelligent people who are actively looking for something interesting, people who have been disappointed so many times.;Richard Linklater;faith
If faith is your motivation, share that.;Tim Kaine;faith
I've long been really intrigued with what is the... proper role of faith and religion in public life.;Gene Robinson;faith
One of the joys of being a Christian or being a person of faith is that you believe deep down that death isn't the worst thing, you know. Not living your life: that's the worst thing. And death is not, it's not all it's cracked up to be. It's not, it's not the end of the world.;Gene Robinson;faith
Faith is a dynamic and ever-changing process, not some fixed body of truth that exists outside our world and our understanding. God's truth may be fixed and unchanging, but our comprehension of that truth will always be partial and flawed at best.;Gene Robinson;faith
Humor has always been important to me. If there is a shield of faith that you can keep up against difficulties, humor is the Teflon coating.;Laurel Lee;faith
At issue in the Hiss Case was the question whether this sick society, which we call Western civilization, could in its extremity still cast up a man whose faith in it was so great that he would voluntarily abandon those things which men hold good, including life, to defend it.;Whittaker Chambers;faith
At issue was the question whether this man's faith could prevail against a man whose equal faith it was that this society is sick beyond saving, and that mercy itself pleads for its swift extinction and replacement by another.;Whittaker Chambers;faith
I think the issue of clergy sexual abuse sparked people to look at their faith in a different way.;William P. Leahy;faith
We are the meeting place, an entity that's trying to connect faith and culture.;William P. Leahy;faith
The Afghans did not have sophisticated weapons like the Soviets did, but with their faith they defeated a superpower.;Abu Bakar Bashir;faith
I personally have always found the Unitarian faith a source of comfort and help in my daily life.;Leverett Saltonstall;faith
Put your faith in God and confidence in yourself.;Alberta Hunter;faith
I still have great faith in what is good and right in all of us.;Marvin Hamlisch;faith
The historical orthodox Christian faith is extremely wide and diverse.;Rob Bell;faith
Well, I affirm orthodox Christian faith. I affirm the Nicene Creed. I don't think I'm doing anything terribly new.;Rob Bell;faith
My parents were both very intellectually honest, straightforward, and for them, faith meant that you were fully engaged.;Rob Bell;faith
I want our government to encourage and protect freedom as well as our traditions of faith and family.;Jesse Helms;faith
Faith makes all evil good to us, and all good better unbelief makes all good evil, and all evil worse. Faith laughs at the shaking of the spear unbelief trembles at the shaking of a leaf.;Robert Cecil;faith
I think church and state should remain entirely separate at all costs, and that the decision of religious marriage should be of each faith to debate and decide free of political influence.;Adam Rickitt;faith
Yes, we were looking for a Faith spin-off, but then Faith backed down. Eliza got a really wonderful offer over on Fox in a show, and, for reasons I didn't talk to her about, she decided to go there, and everyone respects that.;James Marsters;faith
There is a split between Muslims who want to practice their faith in peace and tolerance with other religions and other people, and these extreme, radical fundamentalists who have shown a total lack of tolerance for people with different views, starting with people who they don't think are good Muslims, and going on to include Christians and Jews.;Richard Holbrooke;faith
Often, we are quick to find blame with others but yet are unable to give constructive responses. There seems to be a tendency to doubt almost everything. Do we not have faith in our own people's strengths and in our institutions? Can we afford distrust amongst ourselves?;Pratibha Patil;faith
When I started this project, I was a young architect. I was very apprehensive about any changes to the design. Whether I wanted to or not, I learned that you can accept some changes to its form without compromising its intent. But it's a leap of faith that I didn't want to make initially - to put it mildly.;Michael Arad;faith
Faith is the response to something which is calling us from the timeless part of our reality.;Sydney Carter;faith
When you have put all your faith in man and continue to be disappointed, don't you hope there is something out of there that is not of human element?;Natalie Cole;faith
The orthodox Jewish faith practically excludes woman from religious life.;Abraham Cahan;faith
In the Europe which was created by the Second World War, divided into two blocks, each in need of a revolution that would end the abuses and injustices of capitalism and the privileges of a bureaucratic caste, collective faith does not exist.;Juan Goytisolo;faith
In times when religious or political faith or hope predominates, the writer functions totally in unison with society, and expresses society's feelings, beliefs, and hopes in perfect harmony.;Juan Goytisolo;faith
You need to develop, somehow, a huge amount of faith and confidence in yourself, because there's a lot of rejection throughout an actor's life and you have to believe in yourself more than anyone else.;Stephen Collins;faith
Our first responsibility is to protect the American people and we cannot put on blinders to expect that everyone who seeks asylum does so in good faith.;Bill Shuster;faith
While your life is the true expression of your faith, whom can you fear?;Julia Ward Howe;faith
The great thing is that whether we have faith or not, we are by and large very tolerant of people, whatever their particular view.;Ed Miliband;faith
It's really important to say this. Often the faith schools were founded before the state provided education. I want good education in this country so I'm not going to slag off faith schools. I think that it's important that people of different backgrounds and different faiths go to school together and many faith schools do that.;Ed Miliband;faith
If you cast your bread upon the water and you have faith, you'll get back cash. If you don't have faith, you'll get soggy bread.;Don King;faith
Denzel's quality, I think, is his faith. You have all the action in your head and you have to believe in it and just do it. That's what he does and that's what he taught me to do.;Derek Luke;faith
A few years ago you couldn't go from TV to film. It was like a 'no no' but I believe when you find a plan and purpose that God has for your life, there's not anything man can do to you. Especially when your faith is not really standing in the wisdom of man, you're really standing in the wisdom of God.;Derek Luke;faith
Americans are fascinated by their own love of shopping. This does not make them unique. It's just that they have more to buy than most other people on the planet. And it's also an affirmation of faith in their country.;Simon Hoggart;faith
The New Right, in many cases, is doing nothing less than placing a heretical claim on Christian faith that distorts, confuses, and destroys the opportunity for a biblical understanding of Jesus Christ and of his gospel for millions of people.;Mark Hatfield;faith
But back to your question, it was a wonderful experience with the Art Ensemble, and I keep in contact and sort of follow what's going on, but it was also very important to make this step, you may say this leap of faith.;Joseph Jarman;faith
Have a little faith. Don't give up.;Fantasia Barrino;faith
Know why you believe, understand what you believe, and possess a reason for the faith that is in you.;Francis Wright;faith
It just took all of that to come to a screeching halt, to get to the point of having nothing, for me to finally realize, Hey, what are you fighting with this for? Until then, I hadn't claimed my faith as my own I had just grown up with it.;Scott Stapp;faith
I'm still going to make mistakes, but I don't have any problems with publicly professing my faith now. It just took me a long time to get to the right place in my relationship with Christ.;Scott Stapp;faith
Faith means intense, usually confident, belief that is not based on evidence sufficient to command assent from every reasonable person.;Walter Kaufmann;faith
I am convinced we shall succeed. I have faith in this country, because I have faith in its people.;Horst Koehler;faith
I have learned to have more faith in the scientist than he does in himself.;David Sarnoff;faith
There will be trying times during Obama's presidency, and liberty will need staunch defenders. Can Obama reshape liberalism to be, as it was under F.D.R., a fighting faith, unapologetically patriotic and strong in the defense of liberty? That would be a service to our country.;Bill Kristol;faith
The process of philosophic and scientific enlightenment has shaken the stability of beliefs held explicitly as articles of faith.;Michael Polanyi;faith
In search of a complete education with the ideals of trust, faith, understanding and compassion, many families are turning to the structure, discipline and academic standards of Catholic schools.;Mark Foley;faith
Mr. Speaker, I am deeply concerned that many regions of this world are suffering from the effects of armed conflicts with religious aspects. I believe that the differences of faith are not the real reason for these conflicts.;Alcee Hastings;faith
It is something that is called MDS. It is a rare blood disorder that affects the bone marrow. I'm going to beat this. My doctors say it and my faith says it.;Robin Roberts;faith
Those who have always had faith in its final success can do no less than rejoice as if it was our own triumph after five years of daily struggle to impose Cuban music on the European continent.;Alejo Carpentier;faith
We will grieve not, rather find strength in what remains behind. In the faith that looks through death, in years that bring the philosophic mind.;John Bacon;faith
Yes, you who called us godless, we found our faith in Adolf Hitler, and through him found God once again. That is the greatness of our day, that is our good fortune!;Robert Ley;faith
I've been brought up with the Christian faith with my family.;Ioan Gruffudd;faith
The civil rights movement was based on faith. Many of us who were participants in this movement saw our involvement as an extension of our faith. We saw ourselves doing the work of the Almighty. Segregation and racial discrimination were not in keeping with our faith, so we had to do something.;John Lewis;faith
I will always try to share my faith with any person who is willing to listen. When I feel a wall go up, we can talk about something else... and I will pray for you.;Gloria Gaynor;faith
Bush's faith in the rightness of his strategy in the broader war is deep-seated. It is a product of faith.;Rich Lowry;faith
Faith is not trying to believe something regardless of the evidence. Faith is daring to do something regardless of the consequences.;Sherwood Eddy;faith
I have a Christian worldview and so it shapes the way that I view issues. I don't apologize for that, and I don't think people of faith ought to shrink away from being in the public arena.;John Thune;faith
Voters must have faith in the electoral process for our democracy to succeed.;Blanche Lincoln;faith
There are many countries where you can only believe more or you can believe less. But in the United States we have this incredible smorgasbord, and it really interests me why people are drawn to one faith rather than another, especially to a system of belief that to an outsider seems absurd or dangerous.;Lawrence Wright;faith
I believe that we must reach our brother, never toning down our fundamental oppositions, but meeting him when he asks to be met, with a reason for the faith that is in us, as well as with a loving sympathy for them as brothers.;Dorothy Day;faith
It is easier to have faith that God will support each House of Hospitality and Farming Commune and supply our needs in the way of food and money to pay bills, than it is to keep a strong, hearty, living faith in each individual around us - to see Christ in him.;Dorothy Day;faith
Let those who, still in their youth, have preserved their faith and fullness of hope, keep looking up.;George A. Smith;faith
Do not fear lest you should meditate too much upon Him and speak of Him in an unworthy way, providing you are led by faith. Do not fear lest you should entertain false opinions of Him so long as they are in conformity with the notion of the infinitely perfect Being.;Nicolas Malebranche;faith
In this connection, faith and experience teach us many truths by means of the short-cut of authority and by the proofs of very pleasant and agreeable feelings.;Nicolas Malebranche;faith
Insurgents have capitalized on popular resentment and anger towards the United States and the Iraqi government to build their own political, financial and military support, and the faith of Iraqi citizens in their new government has been severely undermined.;Tom Lantos;faith
Greece's European neighbors were able step in and bolster the weak foundation on which Greece's free-spending budget was based. It would be difficult for any country, or intergovernmental organization, to rescue an economy the size of the U.S. if investors were ever to lose faith in our bonds because of our enormous debt.;Douglas Wilder;faith
Many are needed to plant and water what has been planted now that the faith has spread so far and there are so many people... No matter who plants or waters, God gives no harvest unless what is planted is the faith of Peter and unless he agrees to his teachings.;Thomas Becket;faith
When you look around right now, Nashville is kind of going through another changing of guard you're watching the Martina McBrides and the Faith Hills and all of them that have been the big stars for the last however many years, and the next generation is coming in: Miranda Lambert, Carrie Underwood, those girls.;Callie Khouri;faith
Losing faith in your own singularity is the start of wisdom, I suppose also the first announcement of death.;Peter Conrad;faith
It would make life much easier if I could have total faith and not question everything all the time, but I can't do it and I won't do it.;Joey Skaggs;faith
The only force that can overcome an idea and a faith is another and better idea and faith, positively and fearlessly upheld.;Dorothy Thompson;faith
I believe that today's players who are Christians feel that it's important and their responsibility to acknowledge their faith.;Lynn Swann;faith
Reason is an action of the mind knowledge is a possession of the mind but faith is an attitude of the person. It means you are prepared to stake yourself on something being so.;Michael Ramsey;faith
Whoever sets any bounds for the reconstructive power of the religious life over the social relations and institutions of men, to that extent denies the faith of the Master.;Walter Rauschenbusch;faith
To a certain extent I am taking a leap of faith. I'm adding up the evidence on either side, and I'm seeing the evidence of there not being a God is overwhelming compared to the evidence for there being a God.;Julia Sweeney;faith
God's got something for me. I have faith it'll be OK.;Chubby Checker;faith
I am struck by the fact that personal faith and political agendas are intertwined more closely now than at any other time in recent history.;David E. Price;faith
Faith is believing in things when common sense tells you not to.;George Seaton;faith
Personal faith can be a powerful force for public good.;David E. Price;faith
My faith grew strong, and I sent a letter (as I was ordered) to the Rev. Dignitary of the Cathedral of Exeter. I was assured, before I sent it, he would not answer it.;Joanna Southcott;faith
The doubt of an earnest, thoughtful, patient and laborious mind is worthy of respect. In such doubt may be found indeed more faith than in half the creeds.;John Lancaster Spalding;faith
Millions of Americans find community, comfort and support in their faith.;Sheila Jackson Lee;faith
