Statistics show that of those who contract the habit of eating, very few survive.;George Bernard Shaw;food
I won't eat anything green.;Kurt Cobain;food
I come from a family where gravy is considered a beverage.;Erma Bombeck;food
Fettucini alfredo is macaroni and cheese for adults.;Mitch Hedberg;food
Once, during Prohibition, I was forced to live for days on nothing but food and water.;W. C. Fields;food
Like religion, politics, and family planning, cereal is not a topic to be brought up in public. It's too controversial.;Erma Bombeck;food
If you really want to make a friend, go to someone's house and eat with him... the people who give you their food give you their heart.;Cesar Chavez;food
Man seeks to change the foods available in nature to suit his tastes, thereby putting an end to the very essence of life contained in them.;Sai Baba;food
Never order food in excess of your body weight.;Erma Bombeck;food
I don't like food that's too carefully arranged it makes me think that the chef is spending too much time arranging and not enough time cooking. If I wanted a picture I'd buy a painting.;Andy Rooney;food
Vegetarians are cool. All I eat are vegetarians - except for the occasional mountain lion steak.;Ted Nugent;food
Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.;Samuel Butler;food
Cultivation to the mind is as necessary as food to the body.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;food
A crust eaten in peace is better than a banquet partaken in anxiety.;Aesop;food
We may find in the long run that tinned food is a deadlier weapon than the machine-gun.;George Orwell;food
Why does man kill? He kills for food. And not only food: frequently there must be a beverage.;Woody Allen;food
Food for the body is not enough. There must be food for the soul.;Dorothy Day;food
My weaknesses have always been food and men - in that order.;Dolly Parton;food
One should eat to live, not live to eat.;Moliere;food
I will not eat oysters. I want my food dead. Not sick. Not wounded. Dead.;Woody Allen;food
I would like to find a stew that will give me heartburn immediately, instead of at three o clock in the morning.;John Barrymore;food
Anything is good if it's made of chocolate.;Jo Brand;food
So long as you have food in your mouth, you have solved all questions for the time being.;Franz Kafka;food
What I've enjoyed most, though, is meeting people who have a real interest in food and sharing ideas with them. Good food is a global thing and I find that there is always something new and amazing to learn - I love it!;Jamie Oliver;food
I like to use 'I Can't Believe it's Not Butter' on my toast in the morning, because sometimes when I eat breakfast, I like to be incredulous. How was breakfast? Unbelievable.;Demetri Martin;food
If you're going to America, bring your own food.;Fran Lebowitz;food
If you want to eat well in England, eat three breakfasts.;W. Somerset Maugham;food
Gluttony is an emotional escape, a sign something is eating us.;Peter De Vries;food
More die in the United States of too much food than of too little.;John Kenneth Galbraith;food
The most remarkable thing about my mother is that for thirty years she served the family nothing but leftovers. The original meal has never been found.;Calvin Trillin;food
When I was trying to impress Kate I was trying to cook these amazing fancy dinners and what would happen was I would burn something, something would overspill, something would catch on fire and she would be sitting in the background trying to help, and basically taking control of the whole situation, so I was quite glad she was there at the time.;Prince William;food
Eating rice cakes is like chewing on a foam coffee cup, only less filling.;Dave Barry;food
Spaghetti can be eaten most successfully if you inhale it like a vacuum cleaner.;Sophia Loren;food
He was a bold man that first ate an oyster.;Jonathan Swift;food
My idea of fast food is a mallard.;Ted Nugent;food
The most dangerous food is wedding cake.;James Thurber;food
Sandwiches are wonderful. You don't need a spoon or a plate!;Paul Lynde;food
My favorite time of day is to get up and eat leftovers from dinner, especially spicy food.;David Byrne;food
Is Elizabeth Taylor fat? Her favorite food is seconds.;Joan Rivers;food
Know how to garnish food so that it is more appealing to the eye and even more flavorful than before.;Marilyn vos Savant;food
I love food and feel that it is something that should be enjoyed. I eat whatever I want. I just don't overeat.;Tyra Banks;food
Health food may be good for the conscience but Oreos taste a hell of a lot better.;Robert Redford;food
I love all kinds of bread. Whenever I crave junk food, I want salty things like peanuts or potato chips.;Tyra Banks;food
My philosophy from day one is that I can sleep better at night if I can improve an individual's knowledge about food and wine, and do it on a daily basis.;Emeril Lagasse;food
I like food. I like eating. And I don't want to deprive myself of good food.;Sarah Michelle Gellar;food
It's easy for Americans to forget that the food they eat doesn't magically appear on a supermarket shelf.;Christopher Dodd;food
Venice is like eating an entire box of chocolate liqueurs in one go.;Truman Capote;food
You don't need a silver fork to eat good food.;Paul Prudhomme;food
If food were free, why work?;Douglas Horton;food
An Englishman teaching an American about food is like the blind leading the one-eyed.;A. J. Liebling;food
I said to my friends that if I was going to starve, I might as well starve where the food is good.;Virgil Thomson;food
I could talk food all day. I love good food.;Tom Brady;food
I haven't eaten at a McDonald's since I became President.;William J. Clinton;food
Food is our common ground, a universal experience.;James Beard;food
LOVE: A word properly applied to our delight in particular kinds of food sometimes metaphorically spoken of the favorite objects of all our appetites.;Henry Fielding;food
I always knew that food and wine were vital, with my mother being Italian and a good cook.;Robert Mondavi;food
I eat a variety of foods like vegetables, fruit and beef for protein and iron.;Sasha Cohen;food
Civilization as it is known today could not have evolved, nor can it survive, without an adequate food supply.;Norman Borlaug;food
The worst vice of the solitary is the worship of his food.;Cyril Connolly;food
Food should be fun.;Thomas Keller;food
Too many people just eat to consume calories. Try dining for a change.;John Walters;food
Get people back into the kitchen and combat the trend toward processed food and fast food.;Andrew Weil;food
We would load up the yellow Cutlass Supreme station wagon and pick blackberries during blackberry season or spring onions during spring onion season. For us, food was part of the fabric of our day.;Mario Batali;food
In America, I would say New York and New Orleans are the two most interesting food towns. In New Orleans, they don't have a bad deli. There's no mediocrity accepted.;Mario Batali;food
Not eating meat is a decision, eating meat is an instinct.;Denis Leary;food
I never eat in a restaurant that's over a hundred feet off the ground and won't stand still.;Calvin Trillin;food
Human beings do not eat nutrients, they eat food.;Mary Catherine Bateson;food
Food simply isn't important to me.;Alice Paul;food
Our minds are like our stomaches they are whetted by the change of their food, and variety supplies both with fresh appetite.;Quintilian;food
I can make dressing - or stuffing. Y'all call it stuffing up here, we call it dressing down there. It's really good dressing. That family recipe was passed on, and I love to make that.;Edie Brickell;food
I always say centered food equals centered behavior.;Marilu Henner;food
Food is your body's fuel. Without fuel, your body wants to shut down.;Ken Hill;food
Maybe a person's time would be as well spent raising food as raising money to buy food.;Frank A. Clark;food
Eating without conversation is only stoking.;Marcelene Cox;food
Food can become such a point of anxiety - not because it's food, but just because you have anxiety. That's how eating disorders develop.;Vanessa Carlton;food
The only think I like better than talking about Food is eating.;John Walters;food
If I could only have one type of food with me, I would bring soy sauce. The reason being that if I have soy sauce, I can flavor a lot of things.;Martin Yan;food
Every major food company now has an organic division. There's more capital going into organic agriculture than ever before.;Michael Pollan;food
Sitting down to a meal with an Indian family is different from sitting down to a meal with a British family.;Roland Joffe;food
Miss Child is never bashful with butter.;Phil Donahue;food
When I eat with my friends, it is a moment of real pleasure, when I really enjoy my life.;Monica Bellucci;food
We provide food that customers love, day after day after day. People just want more of it.;Ray Kroc;food
If I'm making a movie and get hungry, I call time-out and eat some crackers.;Carol Alt;food
I do love Italian food. Any kind of pasta or pizza. My new pig out food is Indian food. I eat Indian food like three times a week. It's so good.;Jennifer Love Hewitt;food
That's a big goal of mine, to try and grow as much of my own food as possible.;Daryl Hannah;food
I love food and I love everything involved with food. I love the fun of it. I love restaurants. I love cooking, although I don't cook very much. I love kitchens.;Alma Guillermoprieto;food
In Italy, they add work and life on to food and wine.;Robin Leach;food
I love spaghetti and meatballs... I eat a lot.;Susan Lucci;food
Wine and cheese are ageless companions, like aspirin and aches, or June and moon, or good people and noble ventures.;M. F. K. Fisher;food
I like to eat and I love the diversity of foods.;David Soul;food
Confit is the ultimate comfort food, and trendy or not, it is dazzling stuff.;Sally Schneider;food
I think Australian food is probably some of the best in the world.;Karrie Webb;food
Most vegetarians look so much like the food they eat that they can be classified as cannibals.;Finley Peter Dunne;food
Italy will always have the best food.;Diane von Furstenberg;food
If you are ever at a loss to support a flagging conversation, introduce the subject of eating.;Leigh Hunt;food
The less food, the more time to talk, the more to talk about.;Damon Wayans;food
Chicken fat, beef fat, fish fat, fried foods - these are the foods that fuel our fat genes by giving them raw materials for building body fat.;Neal Barnard;food
Sharing food with another human being is an intimate act that should not be indulged in lightly.;M. F. K. Fisher;food
The food that enters the mind must be watched as closely as the food that enters the body.;Pat Buchanan;food
