After I had the Caesarean, I was told I had really strong stomach muscles and so would heal very quickly. And I did. I was up walking about within three hours. Six days after having her, I was out shopping and shortly after that I made it to David Walliams' wedding.;Denise Van Outen;wedding
We all went to Kelsey's wedding, and yeah, we go to parties. We also go to each other's house. A group of us got together over at Kelsey's and just read through some plays just for the fun of it. That may not be everyone's idea of a good time, but we had a good time.;David Hyde Pierce;wedding
I had a 2-week courtship with a fellow student in the fiction workshop in Iowa and a 5-minute wedding in a lawyer's office above the coffee shop where we'd been having lunch that day. And so I sent a cable to my father saying, 'By the time you get this, Daddy, I'll already be Mrs. Blaise!';Bharati Mukherjee;wedding
I've chosen my wedding ring large and heavy to continue forever. But exactly because of that all the time that Dave and I have an argument I feel it like handcuffs, and on anger time I throw it in a basket. Poor Dave, he bought me three wedding rings already!;Carmen Miranda;wedding
When I celebrated my bar mitzvah, there was no cake. Today, there is no such thing as a bar mitzvah in the United States without a special cake. It can be even more complicated and expensive than a wedding cake, because bar-mitzvah cakes are often based on a particular theme.;Ron Ben-Israel;wedding
I have a crusade against fondant, also shortening. There's no reason why wedding cakes can't taste good if you know what you're doing.;Ron Ben-Israel;wedding
I'll get pretty much everything the way I want it. I've always dreamed of a beach wedding.;Nicole Appleton;wedding
I'd hesitated to have a wedding because my gay and lesbian friends don't have that right.;Kathy Najimy;wedding
It has been the experience of a lifetime to work with Catherine Middleton to create her wedding dress, and I have enjoyed every moment of it. It was such an incredible honor to be asked, and I am so proud of what we and the Alexander McQueen team have created.;Sarah Burton;wedding
For a girl, the wedding is when you're married. For a guy, it's when you get engaged. It takes a real aggressive human being to back out between the ring and the wedding.;Max Greenfield;wedding
I always envisioned myself having a traditional and elegant wedding.;Ivanka Trump;wedding
I like wearing my wedding ring, it's nice.;Jerry O'Connell;wedding
Well... Actually I got picked because I was the only one who fit the wedding gown - they had my size.;Kevin McDonald;wedding
When I was in high school, there was 'Superbad' and 'The Girl Next Door' and 'Wedding Crashers' and all these great movies. You hope to be a part of something that's smart, funny and in that Todd Phillips-vein. You want to make something like 'Superbad.' That movie was so good and so funny.;Miles Teller;wedding
I used to work all the time, and now if there is a wedding, there's a concert, I'm there.;Petra Nemcova;wedding
My biggest blast-off hit was 'You Raise Me Up.' If you ever have a wedding or a funeral, it's a good pick.;Josh Groban;wedding
I feel as though my career really hit its high point when I was cast as a supporting actress in 'American Wedding'. I thought the script had a lot of depth and intelligence, and it really just jumped off the page.;January Jones;wedding
If you're going to plan a wedding, then a certain amount of suffering is not a choice.;Ellie Kemper;wedding
Growing up, I had one very specific idea of what a wedding should be, and that was the wedding of Fraulein Maria and Captain von Trapp in 'The Sound of Music.';Ellie Kemper;wedding
I was a bridesmaid at a wedding in one picture.;Dorothy Malone;wedding
I was the official wedding photographer at one of my best friends' weddings. Fortunately she was one of the most easygoing brides ever, so she made it easy for me.;Natalie Coughlin;wedding
When Andrew went with the girls, we were talking all morning and he was saying, 'It's okay. Just remember we had such a good day. Our wedding was so perfect.' Because we're such a unit together. He made me feel very part of the day on April the 29th.;Sarah Ferguson;wedding
I wear my wedding ring. We talk about when we're going to get married again, which we hope is going to take place some time in this incredibly hectic calendar year.;Jim Lampley;wedding
It's important to still look like yourself on your wedding day, so I didn't do anything drastic.;Lily Aldridge;wedding
A lot of people think I'm that guy in 'Betsy's Wedding', but I'm not. What it is for me is that, on some level, I connect with the character emotionally.;Anthony LaPaglia;wedding
We are all so close. We are godfather to each others' kids. I was the best man at Jesus' wedding.;Juan Marichal;wedding
I felt very unstressed on my wedding day. I'm very grateful for that... spending the day on my own, being super quiet and happy and just puttering around doing my own thing.;Sonya Walger;wedding
I believe that anybody who gets married should go to a counselor for months before the wedding. I think that's going to save guys a lot of money and the ladies a lot of heartbreak.;James Brolin;wedding
I've thought about it a hundred times. I even buy bridal magazines sometimes. I want David Tutera to do my wedding.;Marlen Esparza;wedding
The day of the wedding went like these things generally do, full of anxious moments interspersed with black comedy.;Janet Street-Porter;wedding
My grandfather Frank Lloyd Wright wore a red sash on his wedding night. That is glamour!;Anne Baxter;wedding
You have to make your wedding day all about you.;DJ Jazzy Jeff;wedding
I'm taking one thing at a time. With the children and launching my solo career it would drive me to a nervous breakdown if I tried to organise a wedding on top of that.;Natasha Hamilton;wedding
I mean, I do wear a wedding ring and take it off when I shoot.;Henry Ian Cusick;wedding
Those are the men who will dance at your wedding.;Guy Madison;wedding
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;wisdom
Experience is not what happens to you it's what you do with what happens to you.;Aldous Huxley;wisdom
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.;Audrey Hepburn;wisdom
By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest Second, by imitation, which is easiest and third by experience, which is the bitterest.;Confucius;wisdom
If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.;Michael Jordan;wisdom
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.;Socrates;wisdom
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation.;Moliere;wisdom
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.;Nelson Mandela;wisdom
Wisdom begins in wonder.;Socrates;wisdom
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done.;Lucille Ball;wisdom
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.;Khalil Gibran;wisdom
A fool flatters himself, a wise man flatters the fool.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;wisdom
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.;Nelson Mandela;wisdom
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.;Thomas Jefferson;wisdom
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.;Henry David Thoreau;wisdom
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.;Jim Rohn;wisdom
The pessimist complains about the wind the optimist expects it to change the realist adjusts the sails.;William Arthur Ward;wisdom
Winners never quit and quitters never win.;Vince Lombardi;wisdom
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;wisdom
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.;Albert Einstein;wisdom
Beware of false knowledge it is more dangerous than ignorance.;George Bernard Shaw;wisdom
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.;Confucius;wisdom
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them.;John C. Maxwell;wisdom
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart.;Phil Jackson;wisdom
When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.;John F. Kennedy;wisdom
Silence is a source of great strength.;Lao Tzu;wisdom
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.;Khalil Gibran;wisdom
Honesty is the best policy.;Benjamin Franklin;wisdom
If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.;Abraham Maslow;wisdom
A mistake is simply another way of doing things.;Katharine Graham;wisdom
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.;Lao Tzu;wisdom
Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenment.;Lao Tzu;wisdom
We should not judge people by their peak of excellence but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started.;Henry Ward Beecher;wisdom
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.;George Bernard Shaw;wisdom
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.;Elbert Hubbard;wisdom
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.;Confucius;wisdom
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.;Friedrich Nietzsche;wisdom
Climb the mountains and get their good tidings.;John Muir;wisdom
As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round.;Ben Hogan;wisdom
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.;Henry Ford;wisdom
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.;Socrates;wisdom
We can't command our love, but we can our actions.;Arthur Conan Doyle;wisdom
The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.;John F. Kennedy;wisdom
A man begins cutting his wisdom teeth the first time he bites off more than he can chew.;Herb Caen;wisdom
There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money.;Benjamin Franklin;wisdom
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.;Plato;wisdom
The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance.;Benjamin Franklin;wisdom
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook.;William James;wisdom
Be happy. It's one way of being wise.;Sidonie Gabrielle Colette;wisdom
Turn your wounds into wisdom.;Oprah Winfrey;wisdom
From the errors of others, a wise man corrects his own.;Publilius Syrus;wisdom
Nature and books belong to the eyes that see them.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;wisdom
A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom.;Robert Frost;wisdom
The doors of wisdom are never shut.;Benjamin Franklin;wisdom
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.;Henry David Thoreau;wisdom
Does wisdom perhaps appear on the earth as a raven which is inspired by the smell of carrion?;Friedrich Nietzsche;wisdom
Wisdom stands at the turn in the road and calls upon us publicly, but we consider it false and despise its adherents.;Khalil Gibran;wisdom
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.;Archimedes;wisdom
All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man.;Henry David Thoreau;wisdom
Don't follow any advice, no matter how good, until you feel as deeply in your spirit as you think in your mind that the counsel is wise.;Joan Rivers;wisdom
It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.;John Steinbeck;wisdom
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.;Doug Larson;wisdom
Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;wisdom
Winning is not everything, but wanting to win is.;Vince Lombardi;wisdom
