I'm not in politics.;David Attenborough;politics
After all is said that can be said upon the liquor traffic, its influence is degrading upon the individual, the family, politics and business, and upon everything that you touch in this old world.;Billy Sunday;politics
Ferdinand was a gold trader. He was a lawyer for mining companies. When he entered politics in l949, he had tons and tons of gold. When Bill Gates was a college dropout, Ferdinand already possessed billions of dollars and tons of gold. It wasn't stolen.;Imelda Marcos;politics
There are few things in politics more annoying than the Right's utter conviction that it owns the patent on the word 'freedom' that when its leaders stand up for the rights of banks to be unregulated or capital gains to be untaxed, that it is actually and obviously standing up for human liberty, the noblest cause of them all.;Thomas Frank;politics
This aesthetic quality, then, is what politics is all about. It's authenticity that separates winners from losers, good politics from bad, and he-man leader-types from consultant-directed puppet-boys.;Thomas Frank;politics
Acknowledging class was always difficult for 'New Democrats' - it was second-wave, it was divisive - but 2008 made retro politics cool again.;Thomas Frank;politics
I like to see myself as a bridge builder, that is me building bridges between people, between races, between cultures, between politics, trying to find common ground.;T. D. Jakes;politics
I do not believe that artists or actors and people should be out there like voicing their full-blown opinions on politics because, let's face it, at the end of the day, I'm not that smart of a guy.;Kid Rock;politics
I can tell you that too much money is corrupting American politics. Don't blame the American public. The U.S. Supreme Court has a lot to answer for, because it has made it impossible for Congress to reduce the corrupting influence of money on American political life.;Peter Singer;politics
I think in politics, in Congress, you often do things that are Republican, or you do things because you're a Democrat. Sometimes that's good, obviously, and sometimes that's obviously bad. But in the news business, there's no such thing as Republican or Democratic news. News is news.;J. C. Watts;politics
I'm looking forward to the day when America will mature to the point that we are a color-blind society. I'm not so sure that in politics that will ever be reality, because politics has a way of separating us based on skin color.;J. C. Watts;politics
When a Cabinet Minister who is sacked for telling lies is re-appointed, in the face of every constitutional convention, only for the same man to be sacked again from the same Cabinet for the same offence by the same Prime Minister no wonder the public are cynical about politics.;William Hague;politics
Politics is the only field in which the more experience you have, the worse you get.;Kinky Friedman;politics
In politics, an organized minority is a political majority.;Jesse Jackson;politics
Everyone wants to demagogue everyone else. That may be good politics, but it's awful policy.;Chris Christie;politics
I don't compromise my principles for politics.;Chris Christie;politics
I came back from university thinking I knew all about politics and racism, not knowing my dad had been one of the youngest-serving Labour councillors in the town and had refused to work in South Africa years ago because of the situation there. And he's never mentioned it - you just find out. That's a real man to me. A sleeping lion.;Johnny Vegas;politics
I am a sportsman and not a politician. I am a sportsman and will always remain one. I am not going to enter politics giving up cricket, which is my life. I will continue to play cricket.;Sachin Tendulkar;politics
Without alienation, there can be no politics.;Arthur Miller;politics
It would be great if politics were fact-based, but it is not, and it is surely not nuance-based. What works in a classroom or a think tank does not work on Capitol Hill or in the White House. Obama sometimes seems to be running the Brookings Institution, not the country.;Jon Meacham;politics
While we remain a nation decisively shaped by religious faith, our politics and our culture are, in the main, less influenced by movements and arguments of an explicitly Christian character than they were even five years ago. I think this is a good thing - good for our political culture.;Jon Meacham;politics
Once the cry and the cause of a generation of progressives to make America safer, fairer and cleaner, 'regulation' is now a dirty word in our politics. Even Democrats are quick to talk about cutting regulations Republicans hate them with - how to put it? - evangelical fervor.;Jon Meacham;politics
Whether one believes or not, religion is as real a force in the life of the world as economics or politics, and it demands fair-minded attention. Even if you think the entire religious enterprise is at best misguided and at worst counterproductive, it remains vital, inspiring great good and, sometimes, great evil.;Jon Meacham;politics
One thing I have frankly decided is that when it comes to political reform we have two conservative parties in British politics. Both the Labour and Conservative parties have constantly and repeatedly failed to honour promises they have made about reforming, cleaning, modernising our clapped-out system.;Nick Clegg;politics
I didn't come into politics to change the Labour Party. I came into politics to change the country.;Tony Blair;politics
In no relationship at the top of any walk of life is it always easy, least of all in politics which matters so much and which is conducted in such a piercing spotlight.;Tony Blair;politics
I mean, I went to a church school when I was younger and imbibed a certain amount of religion then but it was really in university that I got interested in religion and politics at the same time. I don't think as if it were one moment of conversion but my spiritual journey really began then.;Tony Blair;politics
Amnesty is a terrible policy, and it's terrible politics. It's a terrible policy because you are rewarding people for breaking the law.;Tom Tancredo;politics
I have some very personal feelings about politics, but I don't get into it because I do comedy already.;Jerry Lewis;politics
When applied to politics and taken to its extreme, kitsch is the mask of death. Fascism was all aesthetics. There was no core principle to it. There was no truth to it.;John Cusack;politics
And I'm not apolitical - I'm very specific in my politics. But a lot of the time it's nobody's business unless you're over at my house having dinner.;Tom Hanks;politics
To work in architecture you are so much involved with society, with politics, with bureaucrats. It's a very complicated process to do large projects. You start to see the society, how it functions, how it works. Then you have a lot of criticism about how it works.;Ai Weiwei;politics
I have never found, in a long experience of politics, that criticism is ever inhibited by ignorance.;Harold MacMillan;politics
War is not an independent phenomenon, but the continuation of politics by different means.;Karl Von Clausewitz;politics
With participation in politics so low at the moment I think Christians should ensure their views are represented at all levels and not leave it to others.;Iain Duncan Smith;politics
Telling the truth, and confronting the challenge, is what politics is about.;Johann Lamont;politics
In politics, yesterday's lie is attacked only to flatter today's.;Jean Rostand;politics
What drew me to politics in the first place was the fact that I wanted to have a place to take a stand and use my voice to express what I believed in. But I've no longer got any political aspirations. I feel that as a politician, fifty per cent of people would hate you before you even left the house.;Jon Bon Jovi;politics
My mother, Lillie Specter, was an angel and totally uninterested in politics.;Arlen Specter;politics
Pennsylvania is a very tough state people don't last long in Pennsylvania politics.;Arlen Specter;politics
The proper reply to right wing religiosity is not to insist that politics and religion don't mix. This is the stock response of the left.;Christopher Lasch;politics
It is money, money, money! Not ideas, not principles, but money that reigns supreme in American politics.;Robert Byrd;politics
The days when the words 'Hollywood actor' framed Ronald Reagan like bunny fingers as an ID tag and an implied insult seem far-off and quaint: nearly everybody in politics - candidate, consultant, pundit, and Tea Party crowd extra alike - is an actor now, a shameless ham in a hoked-up reality series that never stops.;James Wolcott;politics
Idealism is the despot of thought, just as politics is the despot of will.;Mikhail Bakunin;politics
Politics, as a practice, whatever its professions, has always been the systematic organization of hatreds.;Henry Adams;politics
Politics are a very unsatisfactory game.;Henry Adams;politics
Practical politics consists in ignoring facts.;Henry Adams;politics
Politics, as a practise, whatever its professions, has always been the systematic organization of hatreds.;Henry Adams;politics
Politics... have always been the systematic organization of hatreds.;Henry Adams;politics
Skip the religion and politics, head straight to the compassion. Everything else is a distraction.;Talib Kweli;politics
I believe people who go into politics want to do the right thing. And then they hit a big wall of re-election and the pettiness of politics. In the end, politics gets in the way of the business of people.;Kevin Costner;politics
The lesson of the last year is this: foreign policy can't be managed through the politics of personality, and our President would do well to take note of an observation John F. Kennedy made once he was in office - that all of the world's problems aren't his predecessor's fault.;Sarah Palin;politics
In politics there are some candidates who use change to promote their careers, and then there are those like John McCain who use their careers to promote change.;Sarah Palin;politics
I'm not the guy to ask about politics. I'm a gag writer.;David Mamet;politics
Frankly, if you do politics, you should not be thinking about your dignity.;Aung San Suu Kyi;politics
We read too much Shakespeare at school, and view our parliamentary politics as dynastic drama, in which an impatient crown prince frets at his long subordination and begins to scheme for the throne he knows he merits, was promised and has earned.;James Buchan;politics
Except for politics, no business is scrutinized more exhaustively than journalism.;Russell Baker;politics
In politics, the people I most despise are those who have no values.;Diane Abbott;politics
I try not to spend too much time on partisan politics. Life's too short for that. I don't really believe that there have been many human problems solved by politics.;Dean Koontz;politics
I got politics and economics moving and then others took over.;Lech Walesa;politics
Politics is a blood sport.;Aneurin Bevan;politics
Love is blind. My politics has been, too. I think you can fall in love with ideas, and you can fall in love with people. It's a very subjective experience. And I'm loyal to that experience.;Robert Wyatt;politics
My shows aren't about trying to save some place, because I don't feel that's the right venue for it. That's my politics right there: Don't bring politics to my shows.;Kid Rock;politics
You know, I'm just not going to get into American politics.;Benjamin Netanyahu;politics
I will say that I think Israel enjoys strong bipartisan support in the United States. It's really above and beyond American politics.;Benjamin Netanyahu;politics
It's time to let science and medicine, not politics and rhetoric, lead us to good, sound policy.;Eliot Spitzer;politics
Sometimes in politics, you think you've seen it all. Turns out I was wrong.;Eliot Spitzer;politics
A year is an eternity in politics - though less than a moment in history.;Eliot Spitzer;politics
In politics you learn to always smile.;Eliot Spitzer;politics
I do not believe that politics in the long run is about individuals. It is about ideas.;Eliot Spitzer;politics
In the melting pot that is America, inclusive trumps exclusive. Whether it's single women, young adults, or minorities, alienating the rapidly growing voting blocs is not smart politics.;Eliot Spitzer;politics
I think President Obama could have handled politics and policies differently. But he has been decisive, strong, and consistent - important qualities in a president. Mitt Romney is indeed an Etch A Sketch, the antithesis of leadership.;Eliot Spitzer;politics
Why does it have to be politics? Is there a dynamism to that world and a theoretical capacity to do things that draws many talented people? Absolutely. Are there other ways to be involved and lead an interesting life? Of course.;Eliot Spitzer;politics
Yet, it ought to be obvious that good music generally occupies a higher plane that mere politics. Great writers can express moods through melody and capture experiences we share most powerfully - love, lust, longing joy, rage, fear triumph, yearning and confusion.;Tony Snow;politics
The science of politics is the one science that is deposited by the streams of history, like the grains of gold in the sand of a river and the knowledge of the past, the record of truths revealed by experience, is eminently practical, as an instrument of action and a power that goes to making the future.;Lord Acton;politics
Good policy makes good politics and what I've done has been good politics.;J. C. Watts;politics
I never got into politics for it to be a career.;J. C. Watts;politics
I never got into politics for it to be a career. It doesn't take a lot of strength to hang on. It takes a lot of strength to let go.;J. C. Watts;politics
I guess probably in my time in politics, it continued to be affirmed to me that the African-American community, despite being subscription television's most valuable customers, they are very underserved by cable and satellite television programming options.;J. C. Watts;politics
I'm not driven to get back into politics. It's not on my top five things to do before I die, but saying that, I may be in politics in the next year or the next ten years. I've been on the front line for 12 years, four in state government, eight on the national level.;J. C. Watts;politics
We need to remember that politics is all about people, not programs. We shouldn't want to take the humanness out of the political arena.;J. C. Watts;politics
Growing up in politics I know that women decide all elections because we do all the work.;Caroline Kennedy;politics
Politics is not an exact science.;Otto von Bismarck;politics
Most people don't want to talk about politics and religion. They say, 'Let's talk about something else.';Prince;politics
I don't believe your soul mate has to share your politics.;Rachel Weisz;politics
I don't like to talk about things where you're going to gt one side or the other unhappy. My music has no politics.;Loretta Lynn;politics
Those who write the editorials and those who write the columns, they simply are unaccountable. They're free to impose their cultural politics in the name of freedom of the press.;Jesse Jackson;politics
It's not that I'm universally loved. We know I'm not in New Jersey. But what they do say in New Jersey is, 'We like him, and we think he's telling us the truth.' I think we need to have that type of politics on the national level.;Chris Christie;politics
I want to stay away from politics, or else I'll probably end up putting my size fifteen foot into my mouth.;Peter Steele;politics
For a person who promised hope and civility in politics, Mr. Obama has shown a borderline obsessiveness in blaming Mr. Bush.;Karl Rove;politics
You realize that for all the shenanigans that go on in the big circus of politics, everybody wakes up and goes to work.;Lewis Black;politics
Politics has less to do with where you live than where your heart is.;Margaret Cho;politics
I was in elective politics for 24 years. I've made four national races, two for President, two for Vice President. I have found there are other ways to serve, and I'm enjoying them.;Al Gore;politics
One of the big changes in politics has been because families, individuals, have felt worried, insecure... worried about the economy, worried about their jobs, worried about their kids' futures... actually the disconnect between the public and media discourse and people's everyday concerns has become bigger not smaller.;Nick Clegg;politics
We live in a stage of politics, where legislators seem to regard the passage of laws as much more important than the results of their enforcement.;William Howard Taft;politics
For too long, we have focused on our differences - in our politics and backgrounds, in our race and beliefs - rather than cherishing the unity and pride that binds us together.;Bob Riley;politics
You can study government and politics in school, but the best way to really understand the process is to volunteer your time.;Rob McKenna;politics
We are losing sight of civility in government and politics. Debate and dialogue is taking a back seat to the politics of destruction and anger and control. Dogma has replaced thoughtful discussion between people of differing views.;James McGreevey;politics
While everyone else is thinking about economics and politics, executive salaries and the future of the euro, do the opposite, even if it's hard. Invest in the spirit.;Jonathan Sacks;politics
