Flowers... are a proud assertion that a ray of beauty outvalues all the utilities of the world.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;beauty
She got her looks from her father. He's a plastic surgeon.;Groucho Marx;beauty
Beauty and folly are old companions.;Benjamin Franklin;beauty
Rare is the union of beauty and purity.;Juvenal;beauty
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference.;Aristotle;beauty
Beauty is unbearable, drives us to despair, offering us for a minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time.;Albert Camus;beauty
The world's biggest power is the youth and beauty of a woman.;Chanakya;beauty
Beauty awakens the soul to act.;Dante Alighieri;beauty
A witty woman is a treasure a witty beauty is a power.;George Meredith;beauty
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.;Anne Frank;beauty
Beauty is a manifestation of secret natural laws, which otherwise would have been hidden from us forever.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;beauty
Beauty is all very well at first sight but who ever looks at it when it has been in the house three days?;George Bernard Shaw;beauty
Beauty has a lot to do with character.;Kevyn Aucoin;beauty
There is no definition of beauty, but when you can see someone's spirit coming through, something unexplainable, that's beautiful to me.;Liv Tyler;beauty
For me the greatest beauty always lies in the greatest clarity.;Gotthold Ephraim Lessing;beauty
Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul.;Saint Augustine;beauty
I define nothing. Not beauty, not patriotism. I take each thing as it is, without prior rules about what it should be.;Bob Dylan;beauty
Beauty is worse than wine, it intoxicates both the holder and beholder.;Aldous Huxley;beauty
Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them.;David Hume;beauty
I do not have much patience with a thing of beauty that must be explained to be understood. If it does need additional interpretation by someone other than the creator, then I question whether it has fulfilled its purpose.;Charlie Chaplin;beauty
I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains.;Anne Frank;beauty
Beauty is not caused. It is.;Emily Dickinson;beauty
Beauty is truth's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror.;Rabindranath Tagore;beauty
Beauty is everywhere a welcome guest.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;beauty
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.;Leo Tolstoy;beauty
A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful.;Jacqueline Bisset;beauty
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.;Ambrose Bierce;beauty
Dear God! how beauty varies in nature and art. In a woman the flesh must be like marble in a statue the marble must be like flesh.;Victor Hugo;beauty
Beauty doesn't need ornaments. Softness can't bear the weight of ornaments.;Munshi Premchand;beauty
Beauty is in the heart of the beholder.;H. G. Wells;beauty
Let us live for the beauty of our own reality.;Charles Lamb;beauty
Every year of my life I grow more convinced that it is wisest and best to fix our attention on the beautiful and the good, and dwell as little as possible on the evil and the false.;Richard Cecil;beauty
Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting.;Charles Kingsley;beauty
Beauty is the promise of happiness.;Edmund Burke;beauty
We live in a wonderful world that is full of beauty, charm and adventure. There is no end to the adventures that we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open.;Jawaharlal Nehru;beauty
Imagination disposes of everything it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.;Blaise Pascal;beauty
A women's greatest asset is her beauty.;Alex Comfort;beauty
Beauty is indeed a good gift of God but that the good may not think it a great good, God dispenses it even to the wicked.;Saint Augustine;beauty
Beauty is power a smile is its sword.;John Ray;beauty
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the Infinite.;Francis Bacon;beauty
If you look closely at a tree you'll notice it's knots and dead branches, just like our bodies. What we learn is that beauty and imperfection go together wonderfully.;Matthew Fox;beauty
Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain.;Christopher Morley;beauty
Beauty is only temporary, but your mind lasts you a lifetime.;Alicia Machado;beauty
Beauty is a fragile gift.;Ovid;beauty
Beauty saves. Beauty heals. Beauty motivates. Beauty unites. Beauty returns us to our origins, and here lies the ultimate act of saving, of healing, of overcoming dualism.;Matthew Fox;beauty
In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty.;Christopher Morley;beauty
Love built on beauty, soon as beauty, dies.;John Donne;beauty
I don't need plastic in my body to validate me as a woman.;Courtney Love;beauty
I gave my beauty and my youth to men. I am going to give my wisdom and experience to animals.;Brigitte Bardot;beauty
The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer.;Joan Collins;beauty
In youth and beauty, wisdom is but rare!;Homer;beauty
Heat cannot be separated from fire, or beauty from The Eternal.;Dante Alighieri;beauty
Having inner beauty is something you develop on your own, and I like to think I have that.;Cindy Margolis;beauty
Beauty is less important than quality.;Eugene Ormandy;beauty
There is a kind of beauty in imperfection.;Conrad Hall;beauty
When virtue and modesty enlighten her charms, the lustre of a beautiful woman is brighter than the stars of heaven, and the influence of her power it is in vain to resist.;Akhenaton;beauty
Beauty is variable, ugliness is constant.;Douglas Horton;beauty
'Handsome' means many things to many people. If people consider me handsome, I feel flattered - and have my parents to thank for it. Realistically, it doesn't hurt to be good-looking, especially in this business.;Richard Chamberlain;beauty
My mother always called me an ugly weed, so I never was aware of anything until I was older. Plain girls should have someone telling them they are beautiful. Sometimes this works miracles.;Hedy Lamarr;beauty
Zest is the secret of all beauty. There is no beauty that is attractive without zest.;Christian Dior;beauty
Beauty is our weapon against nature by it we make objects, giving them limit, symmetry, proportion. Beauty halts and freezes the melting flux of nature.;Camille Paglia;beauty
Beauty is whatever gives joy.;Edna St. Vincent Millay;beauty
There is no personal achievement in being born beautiful.;Loretta Young;beauty
The love of beauty in its multiple forms is the noblest gift of the human cerebrum.;Alexis Carrel;beauty
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away.;Fay Weldon;beauty
Some guys say beauty is only skin deep. But when you walk into a party, you don't see somebody's brain. The initial contact has to be the sniffing.;James Caan;beauty
We are learning, too, that the love of beauty is one of Nature's greatest healers.;Ellsworth Huntington;beauty
I sincerely feel that beauty largely comes from within.;Christy Turlington;beauty
There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness.;Maria Mitchell;beauty
Even in the centuries which appear to us to be the most monstrous and foolish, the immortal appetite for beauty has always found satisfaction.;Charles Baudelaire;beauty
You can only perceive real beauty in a person as they get older.;Anouk Aimee;beauty
Inner beauty should be the most important part of improving one's self.;Priscilla Presley;beauty
What beauty is, I know not, though it adheres to many things.;Albrecht Durer;beauty
Though beauty gives you a weird sense of entitlement, it's rather frightening and threatening to have others ascribe such importance to something you know you're just renting for a while.;Candice Bergen;beauty
Things are beautiful if you love them.;Jean Anouilh;beauty
The real sin against life is to abuse and destroy beauty, even one's own even more, one's own, for that has been put in our care and we are responsible for its well-being.;Katherine Anne Porter;beauty
Real beauty knocks you a little bit off kilter.;David Byrne;beauty
Integrity reveals beauty.;Thomas Leonard;beauty
If you get simple beauty and naught else, you get about the best thing God invents.;Robert Browning;beauty
Goodness is beauty in the best estate.;Christopher Marlowe;beauty
Our hearts were drunk with a beauty Our eyes could never see.;George William Russell;beauty
Like charity, I believe glamour should begin at home.;Loretta Young;beauty
How goodness heightens beauty!;Milan Kundera;beauty
Because beauty isn't enough, there must be something more.;Eva Herzigova;beauty
Taking joy in living is a woman's best cosmetic.;Rosalind Russell;beauty
Without realizing it, the individual composes his life according to the laws of beauty even in times of greatest distress.;Milan Kundera;beauty
I can't live without my beauty products. I love to be in my bathroom with my candles lit, morning, noon and night. I like taking hot baths and hot showers, using my body scrubs and lotions.;Traci Bingham;beauty
Beauty is one of the rare things which does not lead to doubt of God.;Jean Anouilh;beauty
I'd like to grow up and be beautiful. I know it doesn't matter, but it doesn't hurt.;Kirsten Dunst;beauty
My dad had this philosophy that if you tell children they're beautiful and wonderful then they believe it, and they will be. So I never thought I was unattractive. But I was never one of the girls at school who had lots of boyfriends.;Emily Mortimer;beauty
O human beauty, what a dream art thou, that we should cast our life and hopes away on thee!;Barry Cornwall;beauty
When everything else physical and mental seems to diminish, the appreciation of beauty is on the increase.;Bernard Berenson;beauty
I was not a good-lookin' girl. I was extremely skinny. I wasn't pretty. I wasn't cool.;Celine Dion;beauty
Beauty is only skin deep.;Thomas Overbury;beauty
You can't really say what is beautiful about a place, but the image of the place will remain vividly with you.;Tadao Ando;beauty
The plainer the dress, the greater luster does beauty appear.;Edward F. Halifax;beauty
Real beauty is to be true to oneself. That's what makes me feel good.;Laetitia Casta;beauty
It's sad when girls think they don't have anything going on except being pretty.;Keri Russell;beauty
There is hope and a kind of beauty in there somewhere, if you look for it.;H. R. Giger;beauty
