Elizabeth Taylor. In her heyday, she was amazing.;Joe Jonas;amazing
Adele's amazing, I think the world of her and her music and I think Tinie Tempah is cool. To work with someone like Kanye West would be awesome.;Joe Jonas;amazing
I've never stabbed, hurt, killed, stolen, anything, but I went to jail for a year. What is that? My pastor said to me the fact that I'm not living under a bridge as a crazy woman, talking to myself, is amazing.;Foxy Brown;amazing
If you ever have the good fortune to meet Tippi Hedren, she's an amazing woman. You can't quite believe she is the age she is.;Toby Jones;amazing
Katy Perry is the sexiest woman I've ever kissed. It was amazing and very purple - she had purple lipstick on. I don't think there will ever be anything cooler than kissing her... until I marry her maybe!;Niall Horan;amazing
They were so good that you just had to sing the song to them once and they got it. It's amazing. Sometimes it didn't come out the way you wanted, but it was good.;Chris LeDoux;amazing
Elle MacPherson is absolutely amazing she is just so beautiful.;Carol Alt;amazing
There is something about the South that accepts the supernatural. If you don't accept it and you're having a conversation with someone who does, it's just one of those polite things where you don't question their belief in ghosts. You just go, 'Oh, yeah, okay.' It's amazing to be able to have conversations like that.;Alice Englert;amazing
I filmed 'Albatross' before I got 'Downton.' It's a coming-of-age movie about this girl who leaps into this family's life, like a whirlwind. She's ballsy and brash and wonderful, it was such an amazing character to play.;Jessica Brown Findlay;amazing
So much of 'Jaws' was amazing because the mind filled in what was missing.;Bill Sienkiewicz;amazing
It is amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're going away.;Michael Arlen;amazing
The satisfaction you get when you finally beat your dad is amazing, that rush of adrenaline.;Lee Westwood;amazing
It's amazing to me that they're cutting physical education programs in the school systems.;Shannon Miller;amazing
Your car should drive itself. It's amazing to me that we let humans drive cars... It's a bug that cars were invented before computers.;Eric Schmidt;amazing
We start 'The Butler' in June and that's incredibly exciting for me because I get to work with the amazing Forest Whitaker again. It's a phenomenal script and a great, great role - I play his son. Oprah Winfrey is his wife and my mother. My character is a radical civil rights activist.;David Oyelowo;amazing
Most actors want to sink their teeth into amazing material.;Emmanuelle Chriqui;amazing
Reese Witherspoon is my everywoman. She's managed to have a family and this amazing career. That's the goal.;Emmanuelle Chriqui;amazing
But I think Hillary Clinton is one of the most amazing women of this time.;Hope Davis;amazing
If you have only 95 minutes of material, make an only 95-minute movie. Amazing how often that's forgotten.;Stephen Hunter;amazing
I'm on an Isabel Marant kick. She does an amazing job of making things that are everyday-wearable but also special and a little bit different. I definitely like that she has a '70s western vibe. There's something that's very fun and vintage in what she's doing.;Jennifer Morrison;amazing
I never do any television without chocolate. That's my motto and I live by it. Quite often I write the scripts and I make sure there are chocolate scenes. Actually I'm a bit of a chocolate tart and will eat anything. It's amazing I'm so slim.;Dawn French;amazing
Watching Bernadette Peters perform is like an acting class. She's amazing.;Jenna Ushkowitz;amazing
Anyone who has played the game professionally, you're always taught that the ball is the most important, most precious thing, so when the ball hits the ground, it's always a mad scramble. It's amazing how many times there is a fumble, and the person who recovers it initially doesn't walk away with the ball.;Barry Sanders;amazing
For me, I don't expect to have a really amazing meal each time I dine out. Having a good meal with your loved ones - that's what makes the experience.;Wolfgang Puck;amazing
As an actor, to have achieved financial stability is amazing. But I always have this weird fear that I'm not going to get any more work it's about not having enough money.;Paul Giamatti;amazing
The thing is, I don't believe in most of what's done. The amount of financial and imaginative energy that's put into mediocrity is just amazing which I find to be fundamentally offensive as a human being.;William Hurt;amazing
I knew I'd just done one of the most amazing things that I will ever get a chance to do. Just to be part of a musical that's not your background and to pull it off and to think that we've done something that's really special.;Gerard Butler;amazing
I've been through the process qualifying for the World Cup, which is an amazing, two-year process. It was an honor to represent the U.S. and to represent the city of Los Angeles and California.;Cobi Jones;amazing
If government and media and all of us in the Australian tribe got together, and the rock industry, we'd just be the greatest cultural force the world has ever seen - we're such an amazing race.;Yahoo Serious;amazing
I've been able to go on and have a successful career on Broadway and certainly the last five years in Las Vegas have been amazing.;David Cassidy;amazing
My parents armed me with an amazing sense of humor, and it's what you need when, well, it's what anyone needs in this world.;Warwick Davis;amazing
The Madden NFL franchise holds a special place in popular culture and the cover is a coveted position for players all over the league. I'm honored to be the first cover athlete chosen by Madden NFL fans and it's a great way to cap off an amazing year for the Saints and the city of New Orleans.;Drew Brees;amazing
I think being on a TV show is amazing but also, people get kind of used to seeing you a certain way and so it becomes a challenge to break free from that in a way.;Aubrey Plaza;amazing
The unconditional love for you child, it's truly amazing.;Jourdan Dunn;amazing
People are doing amazing things right now on the Web.;Chris Hughes;amazing
It was a relief to be able to do my own band, because I was very responsible for all this amazing music I didn't want to mess up before.;Dhani Harrison;amazing
I've seen Bruno Mars before, he's amazing.;Alessandra Ambrosio;amazing
Alison Lohman is an amazing actress. I was so proud to work with her.;Taryn Manning;amazing
It could be fun to sing with Prince or Michael Jackson. Justin Timberlake has an amazing new sound now.;Taryn Manning;amazing
I come back to the same thing: We've got the greatest pipeline in the company's history in the next 12 months, and we've had the most amazing financial results possible over the last five years, and we're predicting being back at double-digit revenue growth in fiscal year '06.;Steve Ballmer;amazing
You know, when I was a kid waiting on the bus, I remember that was when I imagined my life. I imagined everything that I was gonna be when I grew up and I imagined all of these amazing journeys and amazing people I'd meet. Of course, all of it has kind of come to fruition.;Glen Hansard;amazing
The real art is not to come up with extraordinary clever words but to make ordinary simple words do extraordinary things. To use the language that we all use and to make amazing things occur.;Graham Swift;amazing
There's no question 'Amazing Race' is a beautifully produced show.;Nigel Lythgoe;amazing
The most amazing thing to me about the sea is the tide. A harbour like St. Ives is totally transformed in a very short space of time by the arrival or departure of the sea.;John Dyer;amazing
If you pay attention to the world, it's an amazing place. If you don't, it's whatever you think it is.;Reggie Watts;amazing
I'm from the Madeleine L'Engle school. The more she delves into science, the more she knows there's a creator who's behind these amazing laws, these amazing events. The symmetry of nature, the structure and order of it.;Tom Shadyac;amazing
I don't think immortality is necessarily the key to understanding the world. You have to be careful with what you think you're achieving. I'm all for science discovering amazing and fantastic things about our world, but I think the motivations behind it are slightly askew.;Reggie Watts;amazing
The way that people show me love on Twitter? I don't know man. It's amazing.;T-Pain;amazing
Brains don't really smell, but what's amazing about the brain is that it's almost like scrambled eggs or soft tofu, almost like a gel. The brain controls so much of what we do, but you could put your finger right through it.;Ellen Pompeo;amazing
It's awesome to see something like 'Inception', which is just mind-blowing and amazing, and it actually resonates with the audiences. I feel like that's rare.;Danny McBride;amazing
I have an amazing relationship with my wife, but sometimes there are arguments. It happens.;Kris Allen;amazing
It's amazing, it doesn't feel like it has been 10 years since retirement.;Gabriela Sabatini;amazing
I'm definitely the most tech-savvy in my family. My wife wouldn't have a clue, as far as getting the computer working. All of my kids, it's amazing. Like everybody's kids, they're more savvy than I am, probably.;Chris O'Donnell;amazing
Emmanuel Lewis was amazing to work with. I'll love that guy to the end of time.;Corin Nemec;amazing
No matter how loud the stadium is, once you're on that field and that offense walks up to the line, it's silent. You can only hear the guys on the field. It's amazing how much concentration you can have when it's required and how powerful your mind is to give it to you.;Michael Strahan;amazing
My dream car would be a Maserati. That would be amazing.;Jordana Brewster;amazing
It was really fun being in Tara's trailer, working on my lines. Tara is such an amazing actress. She's so good at what she does. I learned a lot from watching her.;Carson Daly;amazing
Before 'Twilight,' occasionally I would get the 'Hey are you that girl from that movie?' but no one knew my first and last name. The fans of the saga are amazing, and it's very flattering.;Nikki Reed;amazing
My mom can't defend herself to the world. She is such an amazing woman, with such an open heart. It's a real hard line, and I crossed it. I took everyone's life story and assumed it would be a great thing to put on screen. I was being selfish and I feel so horrible about it. I feel so guilty.;Nikki Reed;amazing
When we'd suggested doing it, the Theatre Royal management had said, 'Nobody wants to see Waiting for Godot.' As it happened, every single ticket was booked for every single performance, and this confirmation that our judgment was right was sweet. Audiences came to us from all over the world. It was amazing.;Ian Mckellen;amazing
I was speaking to Ridley Scott the other day and he makes a film every 18 months. He's amazing really.;Adrian Lyne;amazing
There are a lot of people using technology that are playing to a click with backing vocals already stuck in there on some computerized thing that runs along in time to the show so they have these amazing vocals that are only partly the guys on stage producing them at the time.;James Young;amazing
Big dress, cocktails, party - I love that. It is my work, but my work allow me to have glamour, to wear beautiful and amazing dresses, to go to big ceremonies.;Paz Vega;amazing
Well, I've always thought that my career was in England, really. I used to do more in the theatre, and I felt that I should be there. It's not far is it? It's amazing the way that special FX have taken a quantum leap in what they're capable of doing.;Albert Finney;amazing
The strangest thing that human speech and human writing can do is create a metaphor. That is an amazing leap, is it not?;Dennis Potter;amazing
Giving birth was the most amazing thing I've ever done. I'd been living in a Third World country, and I said, 'I'm going to just squat behind a tree.' I basically did that but in a chair in my living room. I didn't want a sterile hospital room. I didn't want doctors. I had a midwife.;Carolyn Murphy;amazing
I always say, I'm certain I changed 'Watchmen' less than the Coen brothers changed 'No Country for Old Men.' I'm certain of it. But you don't hear the Cormac McCarthy fans, like, up in arms about it. They should be. It's like an amazing Pulitzer Prize-winning book.;Zack Snyder;amazing
He's this amazing ambassador for all superheroes. What we've made as a film not only examines that but is also an amazing adventure story. It's been an honor to work on. As a comic book fan, Superman is like the Rosetta Stone of all superheroes.;Zack Snyder;amazing
Google is in an amazing position to be the target of tons of lawsuits that will set precedent for many important things for us on the Internet.;Joichi Ito;amazing
Arnold Schwarzenegger, I don't know if you'd call him a great actor, but he's amazing in terms of his presence, and he is interesting enough that you want to watch him.;F. Murray Abraham;amazing
These people are amazing. It's so emotional I was thinking about wearing waterproof mascara.;Victoria Beckham;amazing
I do like athletes as they have amazing self-discipline.;Seal;amazing
My parents were amazing people who had no business being together - and they knew it.;James Denton;amazing
I think physical comedy is an amazing asset because it tells a story that's more universal than just language and dialogue. I grew up watching Charlie Chaplin and Buster Keaton. They're very powerful figures in my life.;Josh Gad;amazing
The real amazing thing about all of this is I think I've maintained the mentality of a musician throughout it all, which I'm proudest of. And I'm still playing on people's records and singing on people's records.;Vince Gill;amazing
When things happen - you ask yourself why today, why not tomorrow, why not yesterday? That's the most amazing thing about time.;Ozwald Boateng;amazing
That's an amazing feeling, to walk onstage, and you're not thinking about anything, you're not thinking about your lines or what you're supposed to do - your body, your brain knows, so there's freedom. There's not fear, there's not nerves.;Eric McCormack;amazing
And you can't complain about kissing Emma Watson. Isn't that what everyone in the world wants to do? I've known Emma for a few years. She's this amazing capacity of young and vibrant and brilliant, but also a bright, intelligent old soul.;Eddie Redmayne;amazing
I suppose it's amazing how quick life goes by when you have children.;Steffi Graf;amazing
Pebble Beach. It is tough and the lay out is amazing.;Natalie Gulbis;amazing
Nancy Lopez has always been a role model of mine... so to have the opportunity to play for her and spend time with her has been amazing.;Natalie Gulbis;amazing
Hawaii was beautiful of course, we played at Turtle Bay an amazing resort right on the ocean.;Natalie Gulbis;amazing
At 13, when I was a runaway, I was taken in by the most amazing drag queens in Portland, Ore. We didn't always know where our next meal was coming from, but there was so much camaraderie and love. Not to mention, those girls could paint a face, and I learned how because of them.;Rose McGowan;amazing
Two packed houses. I guess the theater sat 2,700 people every night so it was an amazing experience.;Blair Underwood;amazing
I think Paul Newman had an amazing career. I also love what Tom Hanks has done. He has always made very grounded movies that have something to say. He has found a way to make blockbusters that are about something and that is what I want to do.;Josh Duhamel;amazing
I'm always going to get more of a charge playing Chicago than I will Duluth or some place like that. Just because of the history and the people there are way more knowledgeable than a lot of other cities. It's an amazing music scene with some great bands and great musicians.;Matt Cameron;amazing
I know so many amazing actors who don't get work... and then there are a bunch of real duds that work all the time. The industry is just not fair in that way.;Jenna Fischer;amazing
Always expect the unexpected. Right around Thanksgiving, when the new Alex Cross will be out. It's called Four Blind Mice and it's a pretty amazing story about several murders inside the military.;James Patterson;amazing
I am married to the most amazing, generous and beautiful human being and it has been hard on him because from the outside if you look at it it's just all about me.;Emily Watson;amazing
100 million iphones don't lie. What an amazing man. He is the apple of all of our i's. We have an i everything and its all so amazing.;Billy Bush;amazing
It's not always thankless. Let's face it - it's not always thankless. I've gotten a lot of really great recognition and I've worked with amazing people.;Kyra Sedgwick;amazing
There's the Hollywood sign there's Griffith Observatory there's the great, amazing Los Angeles Basin. It's 465 square miles of insanity and the best food on the planet.;Robert Crais;amazing
I had a great time with John Duigan he's pretty amazing.;Sam Rockwell;amazing
Good acting is good acting, however you learn it. Some people who haven't studied are amazing. Some people like Leonardo DiCaprio are naturally gifted - he's learned technique by working with people early on.;Sam Rockwell;amazing
I have those songs as well. It depends on what I'm going through in my life but I'm a huge fan of Bjork. Sometimes I get so emotional because she's so amazing.;Ashlee Simpson;amazing
I have amazing people around me. I couldn't be in a better place. I'm grateful for my life and where I'm at. I never thought I could be in the position that I'm in.;Ashlee Simpson;amazing
Maybe I was just lucky, but I had the best pregnancy, and I loved giving birth. It was just the most amazing thing, so surreal but so real.;Ashlee Simpson;amazing
With most British actors, it's amazing. I think they start with the character on the outside and work in.;Norman Jewison;amazing
In our relationship, we don't have that situation. I don't require what he needs, and he doesn't require what I need. I know what I do I have an amazing life that nobody knows about.;John Oates;amazing
