Hopefully this movie will help people understand that if a child is never given the tools to know how to love others and love and respect themselves, this is what happens.;Jami Gertz;respect
I can't predict the future and I don't have respect for people who try to.;Jackie Mason;respect
I respect music, I do. I love it.;Youssou N'Dour;respect
My father used to tell me about how musicians don't have respect from people and he was afraid about my future.;Youssou N'Dour;respect
I respect the people who buy my records and come to my concerts. It's only fair that I always try to give them the very best that's in me. After all, I need them more than they need me.;Andy Gibb;respect
We ought to thank God for that. Yes, the man who tills the land is more worthy of respect than any.;Nikolai Gogol;respect
With respect to Barack Obama, let's face it Barack Obama is an iconic figure in the African-American community. We respect that. We understand that. African-Americans are going to vote for the first black president, especially when he happens to share the liberal politics on economic issues that many in that community hold.;Artur Davis;respect
I have more respect for somebody who points at his ideal - in this case, the ideal of the pirate - and then becomes something that's more radical, more exciting, more subversive than a pirate could ever be.;Will Oldham;respect
I had never been to a fashion show before going to the Burberry show last month. It was an extraordinary spectacle. I was incredibly green and had no idea what an undertaking it is. I also have a new respect for models because they are so close to the front row and must be so self-conscious.;Eddie Redmayne;respect
I think it's great that she's not perfect and wasn't perfect. I think that's maybe why so many young girls and different people look up to Mac and respect her even more.;Catherine Bell;respect
Second, this epic tale allows the audience to actually listen to the Native Americans and receive their wisdom. Spielberg conveys the respect for Native Americans that is normally lacking in Western films.;Beau Bridges;respect
I'm so incredibly tired of giving respect to a lot of delusions and crazy ideas just because they are regarded as religions.;Bjorn Ulvaeus;respect
I have nothing but respect for HBO.;James Gandolfini;respect
I was raised Jewish, my wife was raised Catholic. Though we respect each other's heritage, and while many of our friends are deeply religious, we have chosen to focus on our similarities, not our differences. We teach our children compassion, charity, honesty and the benefits of hard work.;Steven Levitan;respect
In some ways that fight gave me more respect around the world and helped me be even more popular because so many people felt my pain and saw that I was robbed.;Marvin Hagler;respect
I would never want to live in L.A., and I made that decision years ago, so I never chose that path for myself, although I have much respect for those that do it at a high level.;Matt Cameron;respect
Arabs respect only the language of force.;Moshe Sharett;respect
I want to be remembered as somebody that tried to respect her integrity as an artist and as a person. And I don't want to be in any box. I don't want to be one thing.;Penelope Cruz;respect
I respect Everest very much.;Anatoli Boukreev;respect
In high school, we studied a lot of poetical forms. I was really interested in the math that was involved and the strange live break ups. That gave me a great amount of respect for a rhymed stanza.;Joanna Newsom;respect
I have too much respect for the characters I play to make them anything but as real as they can possibly be. I have a great deal of respect for all of them, otherwise I wouldn't do them. And I don't want to screw them by not portraying them honestly.;Kyra Sedgwick;respect
You cannot live to please everyone else. You have to edify, educate and fulfill your own dreams and destiny, and hope that whatever your art is that you're putting out there, if it's received, great, I respect you for receiving it. If it's not received, great, I respect you for not.;Octavia Spencer;respect
I have been a huge nerd to my kids. I haven't done the cool movies that they like. With '24,' I gained a lot of respect. '24' is now, it's hip, it's their generation.;Ricky Schroder;respect
I don't wilt easily, and a director can't either. He's the captain of the ship and he's got to be in total control. He also has to have respect for the people he's working for. From being an actor and being on a set my whole life, I'm very comfortable there. And I'm not afraid.;Ricky Schroder;respect
I'll put it frankly - Britain has more influence in China than Norway or Switzerland, with all respect for the other countries.;Jose Manuel Barroso;respect
I even believe if you're killing a team, you shouldn't stop. You should respect your opponents enough to play 100 percent the whole time. And by the same token, if you're getting killed by the other team, you should never quit.;Sue Wicks;respect
I have a huge respect for writers and realise that this is not an area that I find easy. I doubt that I would have the patience in front of a blank sheet of paper to become a writer.;Jenny Agutter;respect
What we call 'evil' doesn't necessarily deserve any kind of respect or understanding, by any means it just deserves an acknowledgement of its complexity so we can better understand it - so we can help prevent it.;Bryan Singer;respect
How sick one gets of being 'good,' how much I should respect myself if I could burst out and make everyone wretched for twenty-four hours embody selfishness.;Alice James;respect
Free trade is very important if we respect equality among nations.;Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva;respect
I have the utmost respect for those who have come to this country legally and have contributed to the great melting pot that is America today. But those who have crossed our borders illegally have broken the law and the law ought to be enforced.;Bob Ney;respect
I am not here to parade my religious sentiments, but I declare I have too much respect for the faith in which I was born to ever use it as the basis of a political organization.;Wilfrid Laurier;respect
I believe that, like most writers, my personality comes through in the fiction. So in that respect my writing can't be like any other author's really.;Paul Kane;respect
The common denominator all Latinos have is that we want some respect. That's what we're all fighting for.;Cristina Saralegui;respect
A good historian is timeless although he is a patriot, he will never flatter his country in any respect.;Francois Fenelon;respect
Stand-up don't get no respect - it's the hardest thing to do in show business. You don't have no band and there's no music.;Tracy Morgan;respect
I've learned how to look at things and not judge them, but respect them and use it in a way that people understand that I respect them, show them love and respect their reality.;Doug E. Fresh;respect
Respect is not ever assigned it's earned.;Linda Tripp;respect
The E.U. is more than just a trade organization or a common market it is a guarantee of democracy, freedom, justice, and human rights. Nations cannot stay in the E.U. if they do not respect these guarantees.;John Bruton;respect
When I find someone who is worth it, I'll be nice and respect that person and put some time in.;Ed Westwick;respect
The U.S. military has done a phenomenal job of creating these facilities almost over-night and dealing with these sworn enemies of America with more respect and dignity than they ever would have considered according our officers had they captured any.;Charles Foster Bass;respect
What I'd say about that is that we must respect homosexuals in the church. I've got many homosexual friends, the issue is not in any way a homophobic reaction on my part.;George Carey;respect
I have nothing but respect for the Lakers. So many of their legends shaped who I am as a person and player.;Bill Walton;respect
For David Parker and Daniel Parker, with the respect and admiration of their father, who grew up with them.;Robert B. Parker;respect
We show deference to the civil authorities when they respect the divine origin of their power and when they serve the people with objective reference to the law of God.;Angelo Scola;respect
I have the utmost respect and 'aloha' for black people - who have already suffered so much due to racial discrimination and acts of hatred.;Duane Chapman;respect
As a former cop, I respect and appreciate those who've dedicated their lives to serving others as well as those who appreciate the rule of law and honor it.;Dave Reichert;respect
Our will makes constantly a sort of agreement with the world, whereby, if the world will continually show some respect to the will, the will shall consent to be strenuous in its industry.;Josiah Royce;respect
If I am still doing what I'm doing and I still have respect in this town, haven't done anything completely and utterly stupid, then I'll be happy with myself.;Jeremy London;respect
I actually never knew Peter Green but I do respect his early work very much.;Ken Hensley;respect
And what holds good of verse holds infinitely better in respect to prose.;James Payn;respect
Since achieving their independence in 1992, the people of Croatia have built a democratic society based on the rule of law, respect for human rights, and a free market economy.;Elton Gallegly;respect
I have great respect for President Bush, Secretary Powell and Secretary Ridge.;Elton Gallegly;respect
There is a certain kind of respect for authenticity today that there wasn't back in the days when they did 'Cleopatra,' where everything looked like a giant motel. People want to have it be authentic in the look, and authentic in the way people behave.;John Milius;respect
The first few games that we played against some of the teams, the young guys, you know, want a stick sign or photo sign, and I think that they respect what I have achieved throughout my career.;Mario Lemieux;respect
They all matter to me, whether I'm working on a Sam Jackson film for a week or I'm the star of my own TV series - I take it all very seriously, and I have a healthy respect for the work in general, despite the role.;Anthony Michael Hall;respect
I have as much input to the blues I just never got the chance, the opportunity or maybe the respect.;Luther Allison;respect
No, but I've always felt that with true talent, and a commitment to hard work, it is possible to achieve an enduring respect and appreciation. In other words, I don't take my fans for granted.;John Fogerty;respect
I had too much respect for the game to leave it behind or to make it my second or third sport in college.;Ryne Sandberg;respect
I played it right because that's what you're supposed to do - play it right and with respect.;Ryne Sandberg;respect
I'm looking at working with people I get on with, that respect me, that don't just see me as a piece of ass. Which I have experienced as well. I've nearly walked off very big films before, and I would, because I don't want that in my life. I want to enjoy the work I do.;Gemma Arterton;respect
Humour is a fine line to walk in poetry, as in fiction. I just think it's harder to write. It's harder to keep the respect of the reader too.;George Murray;respect
I have deep respect for people's individual faith, but when faith gets connected to the machinery of state, or the machinery of hate, I find it very confronting.;Andrew Denton;respect
I'm pretty upfront about my love and admiration for the military. One of the perks of making movies is that you get to sort of follow your own passions, and I believe quite passionately that we don't pay enough attention and respect to our veterans. Not just our wounded veterans, but all veterans.;Peter Berg;respect
We have accepted the principle of democracy and we are committed to respect the popular verdict and the result of that national consultation.;Mahmoud Abbas;respect
While I will always have the utmost respect for the superhuman out-of-bounds freestyle and extreme stunts that seem to continually progress beyond our imaginable limits, my highest appreciation goes out to the simple rider who's out there just for the experience.;Craig Kelly;respect
Mexico takes a hard line on immigration, demanding that visitors to her shores enter lawfully, and show her respect during their stay.;John Linder;respect
I'm open to play for anybody that would give me respect, treat me the right way, and actually going to make me feel comfortable.;Pedro Martinez;respect
Next month, I will celebrate my 30th anniversary of marriage with my beautiful bride, Vicki. Our marriage has been a blessing. I have gained even more respect for the institution over the past 3 decades and will defend it against attack.;Todd Tiahrt;respect
The success my children have had has helped me immensely. I've showed them a certain respect for this career.;Julio Iglesias;respect
People always have an opinion. Doesn't mean it's right, doesn't mean it's wrong, but we have to respect their opinion.;Michael Clarke Duncan;respect
In my old age I've come to find that if you respect other people, you feel better about yourself.;Bijou Phillips;respect
We have no problems with Jews and highly respect Judaism as a holy religion.;Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani;respect
At the time the Sendmail program had a very poor reputation with respect to security, with four root vulnerabilities per year for two successive years.;Wietse Venema;respect
If guys don't respect themselves, they don't respect other people. That's times and personalities. And all of them are not that way. But it don't take but one or two to screw up the whole crowd.;Richard Petty;respect
It's a very complex scenario, and certainly Dave was, and is, not the only person in Pearl Jam with personality flaws. Everybody in this band exhibits some form of neurotic behavior. And we couldn't find a balance, a mutual respect for each other.;Stone Gossard;respect
Such an arrangement would provide Taiwan and China with a forum for dialogue whereby they may forge closer ties based on mutual understanding and respect, leading to permanent peace in the Taiwan Strait.;Nick Lampson;respect
Throughout the years, many Christian women have told me of their great respect for the bravery and courage evident in my work, perhaps even gesturing to their own Isis earrings or a Nile River Goddess pendants.;Carol P. Christ;respect
The sacrifices made by veterans and their willingness to fight in defense of our nation merit our deep respect and praise - and to the best in benefits and medical care.;Sue Kelly;respect
As long as I have the support and respect of my teammates, that's all I can ask for.;Darren Flutie;respect
Those who wish to pet and baby wild animals 'love' them. But those who respect their natures and wish to let them live normal lives, love them more.;Edwin Way Teale;respect
Judge Roberts has assured me personally that he has a healthy respect for precedent and the hard-won rights of Americans.;Max Baucus;respect
The liberties and freedoms which we hold dear and we recognize and cherish and respect guide the way we gather information in the United States.;John Ashcroft;respect
And in this respect, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict has been a tragedy, a clash between one very powerful, very convincing, very painful claim over this land and another no less powerful, no less convincing claim.;Amos Oz;respect
I said 'Brian, no one is going to respect me as a mother after this.' He said, 'oh no, yes they will, this is a movie, don't worry about it.' But they're not.;Nia Long;respect
There was certainly less profanity in the Godfather than in the Sopranos. There was a kind of respect. It's not that I totally agreed with it, but it was a great piece of art.;Danny Aiello;respect
Thus, it was to seek true civilization and true justice for all the peoples of the world, and to view this as the destruction of personal freedom and respect is to be assailed by the hatred and emotion of war, and to make hasty judgments.;Hideki Tojo;respect
To advocate a New Order was to seek freedom and respect for peoples without prejudice, and to seek a stable basis for the existence all peoples, equally, and free of threats.;Hideki Tojo;respect
Take pride in your work at all times. Remember, respect for an umpire is created off the field as well as on.;Ford Frick;respect
I feel like the quality of privacy and respect of people's personal space has been completely disintegrated. You can ask to take the picture. I will be so glad to take the picture and pose and look good for the picture.;Busta Rhymes;respect
I really only respect the Arab culture. I ain't really trying to pay no attention to, ya know, these little people in political positions and executive positions that ain't Arab culture oriented people because a lot of the times, what are you really showing all of this concern for?;Busta Rhymes;respect
Because of my tremendous respect for Bob Barker and for the show's high standards of professionalism I consider this a tremendous honor that few announcers have ever been treated to. Both Rod's and Johnny's shoes are huge I can't think about filling them.;Randy West;respect
I'm always most excited about the job I'm doing at the present, and that's especially true about 'Price' because of my respect for the show and it's production team.;Randy West;respect
That was the day I began cutting classes and returning to TV tapings it ultimately led to a friendship with Johnny O, and an increasing fascination and respect for what he did.;Randy West;respect
It will give them the opportunity to show themselves worthy of the respect and friendship of peace-loving nations, and in time, to take an honorable place among members of the United Nations.;James F. Byrnes;respect
I did learn that it was the greatest thing in the world to respect yourself. Respect other people.;Little Milton;respect
Although a lot of pain for a little screen time Shaving legs, waxing eyebrows, high heels, trying to put on a bra, losing weight because women's clothes are SO revealing - Ladies you have my respect.;Lou Diamond Phillips;respect
Of course, the plea for respect for nonhuman life goes far beyond the scientific delight of familiarity with our planet mates. The nonhuman forms of life with which we 6,000 million talking, upright apes share this finite planet are directly or indirectly connected to our well-being.;Lynn Margulis;respect
Until we respect bin Laden, we are going to die in numbers that are probably unnecessary.;Michael Scheuer;respect
