There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments.;Chris Rock;life
Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.;Helen Keller;life
I'm not claiming divinity. I've never claimed purity of soul. I've never claimed to have the answers to life. I only put out songs and answer questions as honestly as I can... But I still believe in peace, love and understanding.;John Lennon;life
A life of leisure and a life of laziness are two things. There will be sleeping enough in the grave.;Benjamin Franklin;life
Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her: but once they are in hand, he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game.;Voltaire;life
We have one life it soon will be past what we do for God is all that will last.;Muhammad Ali;life
Life is hard. After all, it kills you.;Katharine Hepburn;life
My philosophy of life is that if we make up our mind what we are going to make of our lives, then work hard toward that goal, we never lose - somehow we win out.;Ronald Reagan;life
My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time.;Steve Jobs;life
A chief event of life is the day in which we have encountered a mind that startled us.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;life
To deprive a man of his natural liberty and to deny to him the ordinary amenities of life is worse then starving the body it is starvation of the soul, the dweller in the body.;Mahatma Gandhi;life
It was once said that the moral test of government is how that government treats those who are in the dawn of life, the children those who are in the twilight of life, the elderly and those who are in the shadows of life, the sick, the needy and the handicapped.;Hubert H. Humphrey;life
My family, frankly, they weren't folks who went to church every week. My mother was one of the most spiritual people I knew but she didn't raise me in the church, so I came to my Christian faith later in life and it was because the precepts of Jesus Christ spoke to me in terms of the kind of life that I would want to lead.;Barack Obama;life
Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself, and know that everything in life has purpose. There are no mistakes, no coincidences, all events are blessings given to us to learn from.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;life
One reason so few of us achieve what we truly want is that we never direct our focus we never concentrate our power. Most people dabble their way through life, never deciding to master anything in particular.;Tony Robbins;life
The main purpose of life is to live rightly, think rightly, act rightly. The soul must languish when we give all our thought to the body.;Mahatma Gandhi;life
At the end of your life, you will never regret not having passed one more test, not winning one more verdict or not closing one more deal. You will regret time not spent with a husband, a friend, a child, or a parent.;Barbara Bush;life
Life imitates art far more than art imitates Life.;Oscar Wilde;life
Say there's a white kid who lives in a nice home, goes to an all-white school, and is pretty much having everything handed to him on a platter - for him to pick up a rap tape is incredible to me, because what that's saying is that he's living a fantasy life of rebellion.;Eminem;life
I have spent many years of my life in opposition, and I rather like the role.;Eleanor Roosevelt;life
Freedom is never dear at any price. It is the breath of life. What would a man not pay for living?;Mahatma Gandhi;life
Life every man holds dear but the dear man holds honor far more precious dear than life.;William Shakespeare;life
Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life.;George Bernard Shaw;life
We have the duty to protect the life of an unborn child.;Ronald Reagan;life
The greatest thing in family life is to take a hint when a hint is intended-and not to take a hint when a hint isn't intended.;Robert Frost;life
You will find as you look back upon your life that the moments when you have truly lived are the moments when you have done things in the spirit of love.;Henry Drummond;life
Religion is more than life. Remember that his own religion is the truest to every man even if it stands low in the scales of philosophical comparison.;Mahatma Gandhi;life
Very little is needed to make a happy life it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.;Marcus Aurelius;life
The great danger for family life, in the midst of any society whose idols are pleasure, comfort and independence, lies in the fact that people close their hearts and become selfish.;Pope John Paul II;life
There is more to life than increasing its speed.;Mahatma Gandhi;life
Fathers should be neither seen nor heard. That is the only proper basis for family life.;Oscar Wilde;life
The world has grown suspicious of anything that looks like a happily married life.;Oscar Wilde;life
I put all my genius into my life I put only my talent into my works.;Oscar Wilde;life
There is something terribly morbid in the modern sympathy with pain. One should sympathise with the colour, the beauty, the joy of life. The less said about life's sores the better.;Oscar Wilde;life
I know in my heart that man is good. That what is right will always eventually triumph. And there's purpose and worth to each and every life.;Ronald Reagan;life
Purity of personal life is the one indispensable condition for building up a sound education.;Mahatma Gandhi;life
But what is happiness except the simple harmony between a man and the life he leads?;Albert Camus;life
The man who views the world at 50 the same as he did at 20 has wasted 30 years of his life.;Muhammad Ali;life
The one charm about marriage is that it makes a life of deception absolutely necessary for both parties.;Oscar Wilde;life
You do things when the opportunities come along. I've had periods in my life when I've had a bundle of ideas come along, and I've had long dry spells. If I get an idea next week, I'll do something. If not, I won't do a damn thing.;Warren Buffett;life
Presents don't really mean much to me. I don't want to sound mawkish, but - it was the realization that I have a great many people in my life who really love me, and who I really love.;Gabriel Byrne;life
I'm so glad I never feel important, it does complicate life!;Eleanor Roosevelt;life
One's real life is so often the life that one does not lead.;Oscar Wilde;life
Education is not preparation for life education is life itself.;John Dewey;life
Life must be lived and curiosity kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.;Eleanor Roosevelt;life
I bear a charmed life.;William Shakespeare;life
Man does not control his own fate. The women in his life do that for him.;Groucho Marx;life
I haven't trusted polls since I read that 62% of women had affairs during their lunch hour. I've never met a woman in my life who would give up lunch for sex.;Erma Bombeck;life
In married life three is company and two none.;Oscar Wilde;life
Life is pretty simple: You do some stuff. Most fails. Some works. You do more of what works. If it works big, others quickly copy it. Then you do something else. The trick is the doing something else.;Leonardo da Vinci;life
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.;Anais Nin;life
A man who has never made a woman angry is a failure in life.;Christopher Morley;life
Autobiographies are only useful as the lives you read about and analyze may suggest to you something that you may find useful in your own journey through life.;Eleanor Roosevelt;life
In modern life nothing produces such an effect as a good platitude. It makes the whole world kin.;Oscar Wilde;life
The greatest day in your life and mine is when we take total responsibility for our attitudes. That's the day we truly grow up.;John C. Maxwell;life
For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one.;Khalil Gibran;life
It is one of the beautiful compensations in this life that no one can sincerely try to help another without helping himself.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;life
In poverty and other misfortunes of life, true friends are a sure refuge. The young they keep out of mischief to the old they are a comfort and aid in their weakness, and those in the prime of life they incite to noble deeds.;Aristotle;life
I am a woman in process. I'm just trying like everybody else. I try to take every conflict, every experience, and learn from it. Life is never dull.;Oprah Winfrey;life
When you have nobody you can make a cup of tea for, when nobody needs you, that's when I think life is over.;Audrey Hepburn;life
If you are lucky enough to have lived in Paris as a young man, then wherever you go for the rest of your life it stays with you, for Paris is a moveable feast.;Ernest Hemingway;life
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.;Benjamin Franklin;life
Your daily life is your temple and your religion. When you enter into it take with you your all.;Khalil Gibran;life
You have to take risks. We will only understand the miracle of life fully when we allow the unexpected to happen.;Paulo Coelho;life
Frazier is so ugly that he should donate his face to the US Bureau of Wild Life.;Muhammad Ali;life
If anyone is crazy enough to want to kill a president of the United States, he can do it. All he must be prepared to do is give his life for the president's.;John F. Kennedy;life
He who is not everyday conquering some fear has not learned the secret of life.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;life
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.;Hubert H. Humphrey;life
Life is without meaning. You bring the meaning to it. The meaning of life is whatever you ascribe it to be. Being alive is the meaning.;Joseph Campbell;life
The world is very different now. For man holds in his mortal hands the power to abolish all forms of human poverty, and all forms of human life.;John F. Kennedy;life
Life is hard. Then you die. Then they throw dirt in your face. Then the worms eat you. Be grateful it happens in that order.;David Gerrold;life
Opportunities to find deeper powers within ourselves come when life seems most challenging.;Joseph Campbell;life
I am sorry to say that there is too much point to the wisecrack that life is extinct on other planets because their scientists were more advanced than ours.;John F. Kennedy;life
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?;Edgar Allan Poe;life
There is always inequality in life. Some men are killed in a war and some men are wounded and some men never leave the country. Life is unfair.;John F. Kennedy;life
I really haven't had that exciting of a life. There are a lot of things I wish I would have done, instead of just sitting around and complaining about having a boring life. So I pretty much like to make it up. I'd rather tell a story about somebody else.;Kurt Cobain;life
Choose your life's mate carefully. From this one decision will come 90 percent of all your happiness or misery.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;life
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.;Thomas A. Edison;life
Success comes from taking the initiative and following up... persisting... eloquently expressing the depth of your love. What simple action could you take today to produce a new momentum toward success in your life?;Tony Robbins;life
I want to live my life so that my nights are not full of regrets.;David Herbert Lawrence;life
Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;life
This is the strangest life I've ever known.;Jim Morrison;life
The wise man does not expose himself needlessly to danger, since there are few things for which he cares sufficiently but he is willing, in great crises, to give even his life - knowing that under certain conditions it is not worthwhile to live.;Aristotle;life
I swear, by my life and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine.;Ayn Rand;life
Your life is the fruit of your own doing. You have no one to blame but yourself.;Joseph Campbell;life
Is life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death!;Patrick Henry;life
Life is thickly sown with thorns, and I know no other remedy than to pass quickly through them. The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.;Voltaire;life
I have learned, that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.;Henry David Thoreau;life
When his life was ruined, his family killed, his farm destroyed, Job knelt down on the ground and yelled up to the heavens, 'Why god? Why me?' and the thundering voice of God answered, 'There's just something about you that pisses me off.';Stephen King;life
All the breaks you need in life wait within your imagination, Imagination is the workshop of your mind, capable of turning mind energy into accomplishment and wealth.;Napoleon Hill;life
The quality of a person's life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor.;Vince Lombardi;life
Are you bored with life? Then throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find happiness that you had thought could never be yours.;Dale Carnegie;life
Old age is just a record of one's whole life.;Muhammad Ali;life
The more sand has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.;Niccolo Machiavelli;life
Death and life have their determined appointments riches and honors depend upon heaven.;Confucius;life
A man is a god in ruins. When men are innocent, life shall be longer, and shall pass into the immortal, as gently as we awake from dreams.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;life
To be able to look back upon ones life in satisfaction, is to live twice.;Khalil Gibran;life
An Atheist believes that a hospital should be built instead of a church. An atheist believes that deed must be done instead of prayer said. An atheist strives for involvement in life and not escape into death. He wants disease conquered, poverty vanished, war eliminated.;Madalyn Murray O'Hair;life
You want to believe that there's one relationship in life that's beyond betrayal. A relationship that's beyond that kind of hurt. And there isn't.;Caleb Carr;life
