Normal social behavior requires that we be able to recognize identities in spite of change. Unless we can do so, there can be no human society as we know it.;Kenneth L. Pike;society
Usually, terrible things that are done with the excuse that progress requires them are not really progress at all, but just terrible things.;Russell Baker;society
What can you say about a society that says that God is dead and Elvis is alive?;Irv Kupcinet;society
Today the world changes so quickly that in growing up we take leave not just of youth but of the world we were young in.;Peter Medawar;society
The function of the press in society is to inform, but its role in society is to make money.;A. J. Liebling;society
Society is based on the assumption that everyone is alike and no one is alive.;Hugh Kingsmill;society
Exclusiveness in a garden is a mistake as great as it is in society.;Alfred Austin;society
Society is the union of men and not the men themselves.;Charles de Secondat;society
Women with money and women in power are two uncomfortable ideas in our society.;Candace Bushnell;society
It seems a long time since the morning mail could be called correspondence.;Jacques Barzun;society
You can't make up anything anymore. The world itself is a satire. All you're doing is recording it.;Art Buchwald;society
Marriage cannot be severed from its cultural, religious and natural roots without weakening the good influence of society.;Jack Kingston;society
The key to organizing an alternative society is to organize people around what they can do, and more importantly, what they want to do.;Abbie Hoffman;society
People are going to behave however the social norms permit, and beyond that.;Max Cannon;society
Society is one vast conspiracy for carving one into the kind of statue likes, and then placing it in the most convenient niche it has.;Randolph Bourne;society
Our society is not a community, but merely a collection of isolated family units.;Valerie Solanas;society
In our society leaving baby with Daddy is just one step above leaving the kids to be raised by wolves or apes.;Al Roker;society
It is good for society to have this introspection.;Jacques Verges;society
We must reject the idea that every time a law's broken, society is guilty rather than the lawbreaker. It is time to restore the American precept that each individual is accountable for his actions.;Ronald Reagan;society
Our society is run by insane people for insane objectives. I think we're being run by maniacs for maniacal ends and I think I'm liable to be put away as insane for expressing that. That's what's insane about it.;John Lennon;society
Discrimination is a hellhound that gnaws at Negroes in every waking moment of their lives to remind them that the lie of their inferiority is accepted as truth in the society dominating them.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;society
All that is valuable in human society depends upon the opportunity for development accorded the individual.;Albert Einstein;society
If God would have wanted us to live in a permissive society He would have given us Ten Suggestions and not Ten Commandments.;Zig Ziglar;society
One of the greatest casualties of the war in Vietnam is the Great Society... shot down on the battlefield of Vietnam.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;society
It is incontestable and deplorable that Negroes have committed crimes but they are derivative crimes. They are born of the greater crimes of the white society.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;society
If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich.;John F. Kennedy;society
Anyway, no drug, not even alcohol, causes the fundamental ills of society. If we're looking for the source of our troubles, we shouldn't test people for drugs, we should test them for stupidity, ignorance, greed and love of power.;P. J. O'Rourke;society
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.;Mark Twain;society
In a closed society where everybody's guilty, the only crime is getting caught. In a world of thieves, the only final sin is stupidity.;Hunter S. Thompson;society
The finest clothing made is a person's own skin, but, of course, society demands something more than this.;Mark Twain;society
The very word 'secrecy' is repugnant in a free and open society and we are as a people inherently and historically opposed to secret societies, to secret oaths, and to secret proceedings.;John F. Kennedy;society
I know of no safe depository of the ultimate powers of the society but the people themselves and if we think them not enlightened enough to exercise their control with a wholesome discretion, the remedy is not to take it from them but to inform their discretion.;Thomas Jefferson;society
Where justice is denied, where poverty is enforced, where ignorance prevails, and where any one class is made to feel that society is an organized conspiracy to oppress, rob and degrade them, neither persons nor property will be safe.;Frederick Douglass;society
After a shooting spree, they always want to take the guns away from the people who didn't do it. I sure as hell wouldn't want to live in a society where the only people allowed guns are the police and the military.;William S. Burroughs;society
Truth is certainly a branch of morality and a very important one to society.;Thomas Jefferson;society
A liberal education is at the heart of a civil society, and at the heart of a liberal education is the act of teaching.;A. Bartlett Giamatti;society
I claim that human mind or human society is not divided into watertight compartments called social, political and religious. All act and react upon one another.;Mahatma Gandhi;society
If one could only teach the English how to talk, and the Irish how to listen, society here would be quite civilized.;Oscar Wilde;society
Society exists only as a mental concept in the real world there are only individuals.;Oscar Wilde;society
The great danger for family life, in the midst of any society whose idols are pleasure, comfort and independence, lies in the fact that people close their hearts and become selfish.;Pope John Paul II;society
Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everyone in good society holds exactly the same opinion.;Oscar Wilde;society
My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all.;John Lennon;society
Individual commitment to a group effort - that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.;Vince Lombardi;society
To educate a man in mind and not in morals is to educate a menace to society.;Theodore Roosevelt;society
Measures must always in a progressive society be held superior to men, who are after all imperfect instruments, working for their fulfilment.;Mahatma Gandhi;society
If art is to nourish the roots of our culture, society must set the artist free to follow his vision wherever it takes him.;John F. Kennedy;society
I suppose society is wonderfully delightful. To be in it is merely a bore. But to be out of it is simply a tragedy.;Oscar Wilde;society
The basic thing nobody asks is why do people take drugs of any sort? Why do we have these accessories to normal living to live? I mean, is there something wrong with society that's making us so pressurized, that we cannot live without guarding ourselves against it?;John Lennon;society
There can be no keener revelation of a society's soul than the way in which it treats its children.;Nelson Mandela;society
I'm 23 years old. I might just be my mother's child, but in all reality, I'm everybody's child. Nobody raised me I was raised in this society.;Tupac Shakur;society
Society is always taken by surprise at any new example of common sense.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;society
People who work together will win, whether it be against complex football defenses, or the problems of modern society.;Vince Lombardi;society
He who is unable to live in society, or who has no need because he is sufficient for himself, must be either a beast or a god.;Aristotle;society
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.;Isaac Asimov;society
The value of a dollar is social, as it is created by society.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;society
In every society some men are born to rule, and some to advise.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;society
I don't know if high society is different in other cities, but in Hollywood, important people can't stand to be invited someplace that isn't full of other important people. They don't mind a few unfamous people being present because they make good listeners.;Marilyn Monroe;society
We live in a society exquisitely dependent on science and technology, in which hardly anyone knows anything about science and technology.;Carl Sagan;society
A civilized society is one which tolerates eccentricity to the point of doubtful sanity.;Robert Frost;society
Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe. Civilization is the process of setting man free from men.;Ayn Rand;society
The best things and best people rise out of their separateness I'm against a homogenized society because I want the cream to rise.;Robert Frost;society
As in geology, so in social institutions, we may discover the causes of all past changes in the present invariable order of society.;Henry David Thoreau;society
I had three chairs in my house one for solitude, two for friendship, three for society.;Henry David Thoreau;society
In my afternoon walk I would fain forget all my morning occupations and my obligations to society.;Henry David Thoreau;society
If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom.;Robert Frost;society
Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.;Harry S. Truman;society
Part of your heritage in this society is the opportunity to become financially independent.;Jim Rohn;society
I come from that society and there is a common thread, specifically family values - the idea that you do anything for your family, and the unconditional love for one's children.;Ednita Nazario;society
Why should society feel responsible only for the education of children, and not for the education of all adults of every age?;Erich Fromm;society
All women have a perception much more developed than men. So all women somehow, being repressed for so many millennia, they ended up by developing this sixth sense and contemplation and love. And this is something that we have a hard time to accept as part of our society.;Paulo Coelho;society
The society based on production is only productive, not creative.;Albert Camus;society
As a remedy to life in society I would suggest the big city. Nowadays, it is the only desert within our means.;Albert Camus;society
Without culture, and the relative freedom it implies, society, even when perfect, is but a jungle. This is why any authentic creation is a gift to the future.;Albert Camus;society
To assert in any case that a man must be absolutely cut off from society because he is absolutely evil amounts to saying that society is absolutely good, and no-one in his right mind will believe this today.;Albert Camus;society
Society in every state is a blessing, but government, even in its best stage, is but a necessary evil in its worst state an intolerable one.;Thomas Paine;society
I have cherished the ideal of a democratic and free society in which all persons live together in harmony and with equal opportunities.;Nelson Mandela;society
I should tie myself to no particular system of society other than of socialism.;Nelson Mandela;society
A healthy democracy requires a decent society it requires that we are honorable, generous, tolerant and respectful.;Charles W. Pickering;society
Crimes against children are the most heinous crime. That, for me, would be a reason for capital punishment because children are innocent and need the guidance of an adult society.;Clint Eastwood;society
Thanks to my mother, not a single cardboard box has found its way back into society. We receive gifts in boxes from stores that went out of business twenty years ago.;Erma Bombeck;society
The smarter the journalists are, the better off society is. For to a degree, people read the press to inform themselves - and the better the teacher, the better the student body.;Warren Buffett;society
When freedom does not have a purpose, when it does not wish to know anything about the rule of law engraved in the hearts of men and women, when it does not listen to the voice of conscience, it turns against humanity and society.;Pope John Paul II;society
I never leaf through a copy of National Geographic without realizing how lucky we are to live in a society where it is traditional to wear clothes.;Erma Bombeck;society
No one would talk much in society if they knew how often they misunderstood others.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;society
I am absolutely opposed to a national ID card. This is a total contradiction of what a free society is all about. The purpose of government is to protect the secrecy and the privacy of all individuals, not the secrecy of government. We don't need a national ID card.;Ron Paul;society
The happiness of society is the end of government.;John Adams;society
In December, I agreed to extend the tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans because it was the only way I could prevent a tax hike on middle-class Americans. But we cannot afford $1 trillion worth of tax cuts for every millionaire and billionaire in our society. We can't afford it. And I refuse to renew them again.;Barack Obama;society
Our society strives to avoid any possibility of offending anyone - except God.;Billy Graham;society
Because power corrupts, society's demands for moral authority and character increase as the importance of the position increases.;John Adams;society
One can be instructed in society, one is inspired only in solitude.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;society
We live in a society of victimization, where people are much more comfortable being victimized than actually standing up for themselves.;Marilyn Manson;society
Every society gets the kind of criminal it deserves. What is equally true is that every community gets the kind of law enforcement it insists on.;Robert Kennedy;society
Money is the barometer of a society's virtue.;Ayn Rand;society
A society that gets rid of all its troublemakers goes downhill.;Robert A. Heinlein;society
In a completely rational society, the best of us would be teachers and the rest of us would have to settle for something else.;Lee Iacocca;society
The central conservative truth is that it is culture, not politics, that determines the success of a society. The central liberal truth is that politics can change a culture and save it from itself.;Daniel Patrick Moynihan;society
Individual rights are the means of subordinating society to moral law.;Ayn Rand;society
The instant formal government is abolished, society begins to act. A general association takes place, and common interest produces common security.;Thomas Paine;society
Abuse of words has been the great instrument of sophistry and chicanery, of party, faction, and division of society.;John Adams;society
