The Soviet Union did not achieve victory over the West, so was my information inadequate to help them to victory, or did it play no particular role in their failure to achieve victory?;Aldrich Ames;failure
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.;Mother Teresa;faith
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;faith
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;faith
All who call on God in true faith, earnestly from the heart, will certainly be heard, and will receive what they have asked and desired.;Martin Luther;faith
Before the throne of the Almighty, man will be judged not by his acts but by his intentions. For God alone reads our hearts.;Mahatma Gandhi;faith
That deep emotional conviction of the presence of a superior reasoning power, which is revealed in the incomprehensible universe, forms my idea of God.;Albert Einstein;faith
The keys to patience are acceptance and faith. Accept things as they are, and look realistically at the world around you. Have faith in yourself and in the direction you have chosen.;Ralph Marston;faith
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother.;Khalil Gibran;faith
God always takes the simplest way.;Albert Einstein;faith
When you focus on being a blessing, God makes sure that you are always blessed in abundance.;Joel Osteen;faith
Faith activates God - Fear activates the Enemy.;Joel Osteen;faith
Faith is a knowledge within the heart, beyond the reach of proof.;Khalil Gibran;faith
If patience is worth anything, it must endure to the end of time. And a living faith will last in the midst of the blackest storm.;Mahatma Gandhi;faith
As your faith is strengthened you will find that there is no longer the need to have a sense of control, that things will flow as they will, and that you will flow with them, to your great delight and benefit.;Emmanuel Teney;faith
God didn't make a mistake when He made you. You need to see yourself as God sees you.;Joel Osteen;faith
God will never give you anything you can't handle, so don't stress.;Kelly Clarkson;faith
A casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows that faith does not prove anything.;Friedrich Nietzsche;faith
Faith is the strength by which a shattered world shall emerge into the light.;Helen Keller;faith
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe.;Voltaire;faith
Faith is to believe what you do not see the reward of this faith is to see what you believe.;Saint Augustine;faith
God, our Creator, has stored within our minds and personalities, great potential strength and ability. Prayer helps us tap and develop these powers.;Abdul Kalam;faith
If fear is cultivated it will become stronger, if faith is cultivated it will achieve mastery.;John Paul Jones;faith
Faith: not wanting to know what is true.;Friedrich Nietzsche;faith
I gave in, and admitted that God was God.;C. S. Lewis;faith
We are never defeated unless we give up on God.;Ronald Reagan;faith
A man of courage is also full of faith.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;faith
Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into.;Mahatma Gandhi;faith
Now, God be praised, that to believing souls gives light in darkness, comfort in despair.;William Shakespeare;faith
Every tomorrow has two handles. We can take hold of it with the handle of anxiety or the handle of faith.;Henry Ward Beecher;faith
Belief is a wise wager. Granted that faith cannot be proved, what harm will come to you if you gamble on its truth and it proves false? If you gain, you gain all if you lose, you lose nothing. Wager, then, without hesitation, that He exists.;Blaise Pascal;faith
We have one life it soon will be past what we do for God is all that will last.;Muhammad Ali;faith
Faith and prayer are the vitamins of the soul man cannot live in health without them.;Mahalia Jackson;faith
He who has faith has... an inward reservoir of courage, hope, confidence, calmness, and assuring trust that all will come out well - even though to the world it may appear to come out most badly.;B. C. Forbes;faith
God enters by a private door into every individual.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;faith
Pray as though everything depended on God. Work as though everything depended on you.;Saint Augustine;faith
In the affairs of this world, men are saved not by faith, but by the want of it.;Benjamin Franklin;faith
Nor shall derision prove powerful against those who listen to humanity or those who follow in the footsteps of divinity, for they shall live forever. Forever.;Khalil Gibran;faith
Our faith comes in moments our vice is habitual.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;faith
The faith that stands on authority is not faith.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;faith
To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible.;Thomas Aquinas;faith
Pray, and let God worry.;Martin Luther;faith
A faith is a necessity to a man. Woe to him who believes in nothing.;Victor Hugo;faith
I am still far from being what I want to be, but with God's help I shall succeed.;Vincent Van Gogh;faith
Faith is a living, daring confidence in God's grace, so sure and certain that a man could stake his life on it a thousand times.;Martin Luther;faith
Be a sinner and sin strongly, but more strongly have faith and rejoice in Christ.;Martin Luther;faith
Faith is the bird that feels the light when the dawn is still dark.;Rabindranath Tagore;faith
We are twice armed if we fight with faith.;Plato;faith
Belief in a cruel God makes a cruel man.;Thomas Paine;faith
Believers, look up - take courage. The angels are nearer than you think.;Billy Graham;faith
In faith there is enough light for those who want to believe and enough shadows to blind those who don't.;Blaise Pascal;faith
Physical strength can never permanently withstand the impact of spiritual force.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;faith
God... a being whose only definition is that he is beyond man's power to conceive.;Ayn Rand;faith
I have not lost faith in God. I have moments of anger and protest. Sometimes I've been closer to him for that reason.;Elie Wiesel;faith
If you have God on your side, everything becomes clear.;Ayrton Senna;faith
Faith has to do with things that are not seen and hope with things that are not at hand.;Thomas Aquinas;faith
Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.;J. R. R. Tolkien;faith
Faith is not belief without proof, but trust without reservation.;D. Elton Trueblood;faith
Faith means belief in something concerning which doubt is theoretically possible.;William James;faith
Faith is deliberate confidence in the character of God whose ways you may not understand at the time.;Oswald Chambers;faith
Put your nose into the Bible everyday. It is your spiritual food. And then share it. Make a vow not to be a lukewarm Christian.;Kirk Cameron;faith
Faith is a passionate intuition.;William Wordsworth;faith
Faith is spiritualized imagination.;Henry Ward Beecher;faith
Faith is not simply a patience that passively suffers until the storm is past. Rather, it is a spirit that bears things - with resignations, yes, but above all, with blazing, serene hope.;Corazon Aquino;faith
A wise ruler ought never to keep faith when by doing so it would be against his interests.;Niccolo Machiavelli;faith
Faith and doubt both are needed - not as antagonists, but working side by side to take us around the unknown curve.;Lillian Smith;faith
Have faith in God God has faith in you.;Edwin Louis Cole;faith
Faith indeed tells what the senses do not tell, but not the contrary of what they see. It is above them and not contrary to them.;Blaise Pascal;faith
God never made a promise that was too good to be true.;Dwight L. Moody;faith
You were made by God and for God, and until you understand that, life will never make sense.;Rick Warren;faith
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.;Michelangelo;faith
I do respect people's faith, but I don't respect their manipulation of that faith in order to create fear and control.;Javier Bardem;faith
Ask those who love Him with a sincere love, and they will tell you that they find no greater or prompter relief amid the troubles of their life than in loving conversation with their Divine Friend.;Alphonsus Liguori;faith
I live and love in God's peculiar light.;Michelangelo;faith
Having a clear faith, based on the creed of the church is often labeled today as fundamentalism. Whereas relativism, which is letting oneself be tossed and swept along by every wind of teaching, look like the only attitude acceptable to today's standards.;Pope Benedict XVI;faith
God continues to work miracles in my life.;Willie Aames;faith
And the attitude of faith is the very opposite of clinging to belief, of holding on.;Alan Watts;faith
He wants you all to Himself to put His loving, divine arms around you.;Charles Stanley;faith
To me faith means not worrying.;John Dewey;faith
We can no more do without spirituality than we can do without food, shelter, or clothing.;Ernest Holmes;faith
Your faithfulness makes you trustworthy to God.;Edwin Louis Cole;faith
The only faith that wears well and holds its color in all weathers is that which is woven of conviction and set with the sharp mordant of experience.;James Russell Lowell;faith
The power of faith will often shine forth the most when the character is naturally weak.;Augustus Hare;faith
Keep the faith, don't lose your perseverance and always trust your gut extinct.;Paula Abdul;faith
Faith, to my mind, is a stiffening process, a sort of mental starch.;E. M. Forster;faith
Keep your faith in God, but keep your powder dry.;Oliver Cromwell;faith
Reason is our soul's left hand, faith her right.;John Donne;faith
A man filled with the love of God is not content with blessing his family alone, but ranges through the whole world, anxious to bless the whole human race.;Joseph Smith, Jr.;faith
Ultimately, blind faith is the only kind.;Mason Cooley;faith
Man, I just feel blessed... I was in a situation where the only way I could come out of it was by putting my faith in God. No matter how good my lawyers were, no matter how much celebrity I had, everything was just stacked up against me.;Puff Daddy;faith
Worry is spiritual short sight. Its cure is intelligent faith.;Paul Brunton;faith
Faith is the very first thing you should pack in a hope chest.;Sarah Ban Breathnach;faith
What does God the Father look like? Although I've never seen Him, I believe - as with the Holy Spirit - He looks like Jesus looked on earth.;Benny Hinn;faith
It takes vision and courage to create - it takes faith and courage to prove.;Owen D. Young;faith
Knowledge is only one half. Faith is the other.;Novalis;faith
It is truer to say that martyrs create faith more than faith creates martyrs.;Miguel de Unamuno;faith
I hold that religion and faith are two different things.;Pat Buckley;faith
My reason nourishes my faith and my faith my reason.;Norman Cousins;faith
Love, hope, fear, faith - these make humanity These are its sign and note and character.;Robert Browning;faith
