I mean, whatever kills you kills you, and your death is authentic no matter how you die.;Jerry Garcia;death
Not all moral issues have the same moral weight as abortion and euthanasia. There may be legitimate diversity of opinion even among Catholics about waging war and applying the death penalty, but not... with regard to abortion and euthanasia.;Pope Benedict XVI;death
The darkness of death is like the evening twilight it makes all objects appear more lovely to the dying.;Jean Paul;death
I've looked that old scoundrel death in the eye many times but this time I think he has me on the ropes.;Douglas MacArthur;death
Death is the only pure, beautiful conclusion of a great passion.;David Herbert Lawrence;death
Death doesn't affect the living because it has not happened yet. Death doesn't concern the dead because they have ceased to exist.;W. Somerset Maugham;death
A tragedy need not have blood and death it's enough that it all be filled with that majestic sadness that is the pleasure of tragedy.;Jean Racine;death
There is no cure for birth and death save to enjoy the interval.;George Santayana;death
The fear of death often proves mortal, and sets people on methods to save their Lives, which infallibly destroy them.;Joseph Addison;death
There's nothing wrong in suffering, if you suffer for a purpose. Our revolution didn't abolish danger or death. It simply made danger and death worthwhile.;H. G. Wells;death
As long as you have capital punishment there is no guarantee that innocent people won't be put to death.;Paul Simon;death
In every death, a busy world comes to an end.;Mason Cooley;death
Defoe says that there were a hundred thousand country fellows in his time ready to fight to the death against popery, without knowing whether popery was a man or a horse.;William Hazlitt;death
It is old age, rather than death, that is to be contrasted with life. Old age is life's parody, whereas death transforms life into a destiny: in a way it preserves it by giving it the absolute dimension. Death does away with time.;Simone de Beauvoir;death
Here I am trying to live, or rather, I am trying to teach the death within me how to live.;Jean Cocteau;death
For death is not the worst, but when one wants to die and is not able even to have that.;Sophocles;death
If forgers and malefactors are put to death by the secular power, there is much more reason for excommunicating and even putting to death one convicted of heresy.;Thomas Aquinas;death
If what you do is being threatened as a profession, that could be scary. But that's the same reason why I walked out on stage many times after receiving death threats. I couldn't live without doing what I wanted to do. So at the same time I have to be willing to die for it.;Marilyn Manson;death
And as long as you're subject to birth and death, you'll never attain enlightenment.;Bodhidharma;death
Good music comes out of people playing together, knowing what they want to do and going for it. You have to sweat over it and bug it to death. You can't do it by pushing buttons and watching a TV screen.;Keith Richards;death
A real hangover is nothing to try out family remedies on. The only cure for a real hangover is death.;Robert Benchley;death
The human consciousness is really homogeneous. There is no complete forgetting, even in death.;David Herbert Lawrence;death
Death never takes the wise man by surprise, he is always ready to go.;Jean de La Fontaine;death
As a well spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death.;Leonardo DaVinci;death
Death is frightening, and so is Eternal Life.;Mason Cooley;death
To have the truth in your possession you can be found guilty, sentenced to death.;Peter Tosh;death
Communism is the death of the soul. It is the organization of total conformity - in short, of tyranny - and it is committed to making tyranny universal.;Adlai E. Stevenson;death
For the wretched one night is like a thousand for someone faring well death is just one more night.;Sophocles;death
Not even old age knows how to love death.;Sophocles;death
I look at 'Death Proof' and realize I had too much time.;Quentin Tarantino;death
Death comes at you no matter what you do in this life, and to equate drugs with death is a facile comparison.;Jerry Garcia;death
A man who cannot be enticed by money or intimidated by the threat of jail or death has two of the strongest weapons that anyone has to offer.;Jesse Jackson;death
The government is tottering. We must deal it the death blow an any cost. To delay action is the same as death.;Vladimir Lenin;death
I was court-martialled in my absence, and sentenced to death in my absence, so I said they could shoot me in my absence.;Brendan Behan;death
The leading cause of death among fashion models is falling through street grates.;Dave Barry;death
The true face of smoking is disease, death and horror - not the glamour and sophistication the pushers in the tobacco industry try to portray.;David Byrne;death
My father's death, my move, and my frightening and difficult delivery created a tremendous amount of stress, pain, and sadness for me. I was practically devastated beyond recovery.;Brooke Shields;death
Death is really a great blessing for humanity, without it there could be no real progress. People who lived for ever would not only hamper and discourage the young, but they would themselves lack sufficient stimulus to be creative.;Alfred Adler;death
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.;J. K. Rowling;death
Sleep is good, death is better but of course, the best thing would to have never been born at all.;Heinrich Heine;death
All stories interest me, and some haunt me until I end up writing them. Certain themes keep coming up: justice, loyalty, violence, death, political and social issues, freedom.;Isabel Allende;death
Well, to the people who pray for me to not only have an agonising death, but then be reborn to have an agonising and horrible eternal life of torture, I say, 'Well, good on you. See you there.';Christopher Hitchens;death
I have more than once in my time woken up feeling like death.;Christopher Hitchens;death
No true believer could be intolerant or a persecutor. If I were a magistrate and the law carried the death penalty against atheists, I would begin by sending to the stake whoever denounced another.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;death
The fear of death comes from limited awareness.;Deepak Chopra;death
I went to medical school because I wanted to ask the big questions. Do we have a soul? Does God exist? What happens after death?;Deepak Chopra;death
Every spiritual tradition has this idea of death and resurrection. It's not unique to Christianity.;Deepak Chopra;death
All I want is a gentleman. I'm sick to bloody death of bastards.;Katie Price;death
Crucial to understanding federalism in modern day America is the concept of mobility, or 'the ability to vote with your feet.' If you don't support the death penalty and citizens packing a pistol - don't come to Texas. If you don't like medicinal marijuana and gay marriage, don't move to California.;Rick Perry;death
It is impossible that anything so natural, so necessary, and so universal as death, should ever have been designed by providence as an evil to mankind.;Jonathan Swift;death
Communism possesses a language which every people can understand - its elements are hunger, envy, and death.;Heinrich Heine;death
Death is the liberator of him whom freedom cannot release, the physician of him whom medicine cannot cure, and the comforter of him whom time cannot console.;Charles Caleb Colton;death
Death is one moment, and life is so many of them.;Tennessee Williams;death
A pun does not commonly justify a blow in return. But if a blow were given for such cause, and death ensued, the jury would be judges both of the facts and of the pun, and might, if the latter were of an aggravated character, return a verdict of justifiable homicide.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;death
Man, as long as he lives, is immortal. One minute before his death he shall be immortal. But one minute later, God wins.;Elie Wiesel;death
Death obsesses me, yes it does. I can't really understand why it doesn't obsess everyone - I think it does really, I'm just a little more out about it.;J. K. Rowling;death
Prepare a noble death song for the day when you go over the great divide.;Tecumseh;death
The nearer people approach old age the closer they return to a semblance of childhood, until the time comes for them to depart this life, again like children, neither tired of living nor aware of death.;Desiderius Erasmus;death
Like all of us in this storm between birth and death, I can wreak no great changes on the world, only small changes for the better, I hope, in the lives of those I love.;Dean Koontz;death
It is a sign of creeping inner death when we can no longer praise the living.;Eric Hoffer;death
Football (soccer) is a matter of life and death, except more important.;Bill Shankly;death
Death is not the biggest fear we have our biggest fear is taking the risk to be alive - the risk to be alive and express what we really are.;Miguel Angel Ruiz;death
I never really got on that well with Yoko anyway. Strangely enough, I only started to get to know her after John's death.;Paul McCartney;death
The rumors of my death have been greatly exaggerated.;Paul McCartney;death
Take care of your life and the Lord will take care of your death.;George Whitefield;death
Those who welcome death have only tried it from the ears up.;Wilson Mizner;death
I mean in the South African case, many of those who were part of death squads would have been respectable members of their white community, people who went to church on Sunday, every Sunday.;Desmond Tutu;death
An evil life is a kind of death.;Ovid;death
Death is less bitter punishment than death's delay.;Ovid;death
My life comes down to three moments: the death of my father, meeting my husband, and the birth of my daughter. Everything I did previous to that just doesn't seem to add up to very much.;Gwyneth Paltrow;death
How strange this fear of death is! We are never frightened at a sunset.;George MacDonald;death
I feel monotony and death to be almost the same.;Charlotte Bronte;death
Whether or not we believe in survival of consciousness after death, reincarnation, and karma, it has very serious implications for our behavior.;Stanislav Grof;death
A man may devote himself to death and destruction to save a nation but no nation will devote itself to death and destruction to save mankind.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;death
We want our idols to be dead because it makes death a much less scary place.;Doug Coupland;death
Not the torturer will scare me, nor the body's final fall, nor the barrels of death's rifles, nor the shadows on the wall, nor the night when to the ground the last dim star of pain, is hurled but the blind indifference of a merciless, unfeeling world.;Roger Waters;death
Only a humanity to whom death has become as indifferent as its members, that has itself died, can inflict it administratively on innumerable people.;Theodor Adorno;death
Normality is death.;Theodor Adorno;death
Birth was the death of him.;Samuel Beckett;death
Death is the sound of distant thunder at a picnic.;W. H. Auden;death
Death is easier than a wretched life and better never to have born than to live and fare badly.;Aeschylus;death
When I came back to Dublin I was courtmartialed in my absence and sentenced to death in my absence, so I said they could shoot me in my absence.;Brendan Behan;death
Generosity during life is a very different thing from generosity in the hour of death one proceeds from genuine liberality and benevolence, the other from pride or fear.;Horace Mann;death
An 'unemployed' existence is a worse negation of life than death itself.;Jose Ortega y Gasset;death
Faithfulness to the past can be a kind of death above ground. Writing of the past is a resurrection the past then lives in your words and you are free.;Jessamyn West;death
As far as thinking about death and murder and various ways of killing people and how people die... I probably have the most twisted mind in Slayer.;Tom Araya;death
It has ever been since time began, and ever will be, till time lose breath, that love is a mood - no more - to man, and love to a woman is life or death.;Ella Wheeler Wilcox;death
Poor Georgia O'Keeffe. Death didn't soften the opinions of the art world toward her paintings.;Jerry Saltz;death
And yet, I suppose you mourn the loss or the death of what you thought your life was, even if you find your life is better after. You mourn the future that you thought you'd planned.;Lynn Redgrave;death
Death is the veil which those who live call life They sleep, and it is lifted.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;death
Death is an absolute marvel.;William Shatner;death
We live in grief for having left the womb, for having left the teat, then school, then home. In my case, it was leaving marriages, and the death of my wife.;William Shatner;death
Madness need not be all breakdown. It may also be break-through. It is potential liberation and renewal as well as enslavement and existential death.;R. D. Laing;death
Success is like death. The more successful you become, the higher the houses in the hills get and the higer the fences get.;Kevin Spacey;death
Once you start doing only what you've already proven you can do, you're on the road to death.;Jerry Seinfeld;death
Death gives us sleep, eternal youth, and immortality.;Jean Paul;death
All societies on the verge of death are masculine. A society can survive with only one man no society will survive a shortage of women.;Germaine Greer;death
Death is softer by far than tyranny.;Aeschylus;death
For children preserve the fame of a man after his death.;Aeschylus;death
