In editing, it's amazing how you choose the in and out points. What you cut on is everything for creating tension. It's amazing how expanding a shot by five seconds can just ruin the tension.;Sean Durkin;amazing
Definitely they write themselves. It's an amazing experience. It's like the characters have come alive and are sitting on my shoulder talking to me, telling me their tales.;R. A. Salvatore;amazing
A million words were going through my head and honestly I didn't say one of them. I wanted to let it sit, simmer, you know I wanted to soak it all in - the moment was amazing.;Stefano Langone;amazing
I mean, the whole idea of movies was it was special to go to see - you went to a movie theater to see something that was magical and amazing, in a very special location.;Bob Balaban;amazing
I started walking at night with my sister in law which has been amazing. It really does something for you. It just kind of clears the mind, it just makes you feel better, things start to tighten a little bit.;Ashley Scott;amazing
There is a film called 'A Separation.' If you see it playing, go see it. It's beautiful. It's so well written and the acting is amazing. It's one of those films that you would love to be a part of.;Demian Bichir;amazing
People like Frank Zappa were amazing for us Brits.;Rick Wakeman;amazing
I think Damien Hirst is hilarious. And I think he's a true artist. He's not hilarious first I think he is a real artist, and I also think he's got an amazing sense of humor.;Jemima Kirke;amazing
It was at Bell Labs that I first made direct contact with real semiconductor experts and thus began to fully understand what amazing materials they were and what they could do.;Robert B. Laughlin;amazing
It's amazing that this is all happening to Lost in Space.;Mark Goddard;amazing
Montana and I had a chemistry that was unbelievable. When I first came into the league he told me I added five years to his career, and I just think we complimented each other very well and were able to do some amazing things out on the football field.;Jerry Rice;amazing
So now, cut to ten years later, and I'm making this amazing contract with Pantene. It's incredible.;Maria Menounos;amazing
She's 32, and she has three children. She loves to be pregnant but she doesn't want anymore children in her life. So she decided to help another couple. And she's just been amazing.;Cheryl Tiegs;amazing
I've had four amazing men in my life, very strong, powerful, wonderful men. I certainly will have a relationship with someone but I don't think I will get married again.;Cheryl Tiegs;amazing
I am very rich because of 'Chic' - artistically as well as spiritually. It's been an amazing life.;Nile Rodgers;amazing
I have never had trouble with any actor being able to visualise things. They are amazing. As long as you have your monster head on a long stick, so you can hold it up there and you can wave it around and let them see it and explain it to them, they are just great.;Dennis Muren;amazing
Acting is something I appreciate, and I think it's been an amazing experience. But I'm not passionate about acting the way you probably should be to call yourself an actor.;Evangeline Lilly;amazing
I was interested in transcendence from a very early age. I was interested in what was over there, what was behind life. So when I had my first communion I was very disappointed. I had expected something amazing and surprising and spiritual. Instead all I got was a bicycle. That wasn't what I was after at all.;Anselm Kiefer;amazing
Mark Conseulos is so amazing.;Lily Rabe;amazing
Listen, a cable series is a beautiful thing because there's such amazing writing happening on television, and it's a schedule that allows you to do a play or two. There's a reason everybody wants that job!;Lily Rabe;amazing
The good Lord is amazing He opens up doors. I was close to abandoning the dream, and He was like, 'Hey, slow down there, buddy.';David Nail;amazing
No, Arrested Development was such an amazing experience in every way, and you know it was very unique in that it was a show that received a lot of critical acclaim, and yet we didn't ever achieve the ratings that we wanted.;Will Arnett;amazing
I stood for parliament with the amazing support and help of my ex-husband, but it's not something that was handed to me like a peerage. I worked hard and was elected. So my achievements, such as they are, are my own.;Louise Mensch;amazing
I'm not sure I make old bones in parliament. It's an amazing experience to have had but I can't see myself being Mother of the House.;Louise Mensch;amazing
After all these years, it's still amazing what Obama is allowed to get away with. He says low gas prices in 2009 were caused by a terrible economy, but then claims that the lower number of illegal aliens crossing the border is because of his border policies, not the same lousy economy.;Howie Carr;amazing
I think I came across Cecil Taylor a bit later, in 65 or 66. That really impressed me - Cecil Taylor is an amazing character... Both his music and the way he approaches the instrument are astonishing.;Luc Ferrari;amazing
My dream career would be to be in things that have real heart and are telling real stories but while doing that, you're getting really big laughs. I don't necessarily love the straight crazy comedies. 'Caddyshack' is amazing, but there's not a lot of new 'Caddyshack's.;Jake Johnson;amazing
I get to travel around the world and meet all of these amazing people, and they're singing my songs! And to me, that's crazy.;Kina Grannis;amazing
In the past few years, we've been doing amazing stuff with desserts. Pastry chefs have been using herbs and spices in their desserts. So vanilla cake doesn't have to be just vanilla, it can have a little thyme. Or you could have a custard with a little lavender in it, which is just amazing.;Ron Ben-Israel;amazing
Southern California, they have been amazing. They're totally with us.;Chita Rivera;amazing
I auditioned for 'Girls' the fall after I graduated from Yale. The show has been amazing - as close to perfect as it gets!;Allison Williams;amazing
Try as hard as we may for perfection, the net result of our labors is an amazing variety of imperfectness. We are surprised at our own versatility in being able to fail in so many different ways.;Samuel McChord Crothers;amazing
I don't get a chance to do many of my own stunts on 'Buffy' - none of us do. We have amazing stunt people who make us all look really believable and really good.;Emma Caulfield;amazing
We're all doing different things and some of the girls are mums, so priorities have changed. But I would love to do something with the Spice Girls again. I know we would have an amazing time.;Emma Bunton;amazing
I like what I see now in China, but I think the Japanese are a step ahead into craziness and weirdness. I go to galleries there that are the size of a New York elevator, and every time I'm surprised by the amazing things I find. I really hope I'll be able to promote some of these artists, to show their work in the West.;Jean Pigozzi;amazing
You can be the best actor in the world, but if you don't have that one lucky moment, it kind of doesn't matter. There are a lot of amazing actors who will never get the chance to prove themselves because they won't have that one lucky moment.;Jeremy Irvine;amazing
The New York Quarterly is an amazing, intelligent, crazy, creative, strange, and indispensable magazine.;James Dickey;amazing
I'm having a great time. I get to travel and see the world. And yeah, I'll have a family, because I don't want to miss out on that amazing experience, but it's not defining who I am.;Krysten Ritter;amazing
My family has been amazing, and they understand how blessed I am. They've been able to keep my sense of humor.;Karen Duffy;amazing
I just had that conversation this morning with my doctor. I just got back from the hospital a half-hour ago, and nothing will make me happier than to replicate the DNA of my amazing husband. I'm optimistic.;Karen Duffy;amazing
It was amazing that during rehearsals, without any of the costume on, the character was there complete. It just happened. Half the time, I didn't know I was doing it.;Peter Mayhew;amazing
New Orleans in an amazing town.;Benjamin Walker;amazing
You can muck around with different guitars for certain bits, but you have to have your own sound. That's your benchmark, that's your sound. I also play a Black Beauty. It sounds amazing.;Dan Hawkins;amazing
Any day acting is an amazing day.;Kiernan Shipka;amazing
It's amazing that this is still news to people, but that affects the final outcome of the film. When people are treated well, and they're made to feel valued, they give 110 percent.;Adam Arkin;amazing
'Chasing Amy' was an amazing role, but then after that, I went and did 'Big Daddy' and you're the girlfriend or you're the best friend. I wasn't getting the Nicole Kidman roles.;Joey Lauren Adams;amazing
The Academy Awards was an amazing night. I know I kind of lost my mind a little bit. I apologize for that. That night went so fast I can't remember what I said or what happened.;Cuba Gooding, Jr.;amazing
It's pretty amazing to me that my first hit record was an Elvis Presley record.;Mac Davis;amazing
It's great that in the German language I've sold almost 30 million books. Isn't that amazing?;Ken Follet;amazing
I think women are amazing and women's friendships are like a sisterhood and we should see more of it in television and film.;Laurie Holden;amazing
It's just amazing to do something that's part of a pop culture phenomenon.;Chaske Spencer;amazing
I just want to work forever. I absolutely love what I'm doing. I learn all the time from all these amazing artists.;Juno Temple;amazing
You know, Johnny Depp has always been a massive inspiration for me and he's somebody who has produced an incredible amount of work, and every single piece that he does is amazing.;Jamie Campbell Bower;amazing
There's such an array of brilliant roles for young women. You read all these amazing young women going through different stages in their life - different stages, different fascinations, different textualities, different friendships.;Juno Temple;amazing
I just did a part in 'Sin City 2.' I got to do a scene with Ray Liotta. Amazing man, extraordinary gentleman who was just so kind to me... I'm so excited about that I think it's gonna be very cool.;Juno Temple;amazing
The thing that's tricky is sometimes the best voices - just because someone hits the big notes and sounds amazing - it doesn't necessarily mean they make the greatest artists.;Kara DioGuardi;amazing
I love MySpace it's done an amazing job for me and it's been insane over the past couple of weeks, but I'm not a poster girl for them.;Lily Allen;amazing
Actually, we got signed in November of 2000 with Dreamworks which is the most amazing label. We have friends on other labels and though we are not selling millions of records, yet, they treat us with tons of respect and give us some very good guidance.;Adam Rich;amazing
I liked the way they treated the first, second, and third place finishers equally. It was an amazing year. I only entered two song contests this year I won one and placed second in the other. And I entered each of them a day or two before the deadline.;Arthur Godfrey;amazing
Winning 'The Apprentice' changed my life in ways I could never have imagined. It has been an amazing experience working for Donald Trump and I am very grateful for the whole opportunity.;Bill Rancic;amazing
It's amazing how everyone has an opinion on how you should live your life.;Sherry Stringfield;amazing
The racing driver's mind has to have the ability to have amazing anticipation, coordination, and reflex. Because of the speed the car goes.;Emerson Fittipaldi;amazing
Well, it was the beginning of my film career. It was amazing to me that I got nominated for an Academy Award.;Sally Kellerman;amazing
It doesn't take money to have style, it just takes a really good eye. Sometimes you can find amazing culinary antiques that will make it feel like an old French kitchen.;Tyler Florence;amazing
'Game of Thrones' is an amazing show, and I have no problem speaking of the virtues of HBO.;Peter Dinklage;amazing
I thoroughly enjoyed working on Enemy of the State. Tony Scott is an important director, and has an amazing ability to express himself, and he doesn't do it in musical terms , he does it in emotional terms. I got along really well with him.;Trevor Rabin;amazing
Innovation is this amazing intersection between someone's imagination and the reality in which they live. The problem is, many companies don't have great imagination, but their view of reality tells them that it's impossible to do what they imagine.;Ron Johnson;amazing
My older brother Mike is an excellent trumpet player. By the time he was 12, he was playing around Kansas City in classical situations. He was already an amazing talent.;Pat Metheny;amazing
I was about 14, and my friend's stepdad asked me to do a 10K with him because his son - who was more into basketball - didn't want to. It was amazing, and I still remember the time I got: 48:23.;Sean Astin;amazing
It's amazing to see places like Madison Square Garden on the schedule again.;Roger Andrew Taylor;amazing
I love Prince Harry. Good looking and a bit of a rebel. Me and his dad are as thick as thieves and I knew Harry before I knew his dad so we've met a few times. I think he's amazing. And I think you can relate to him because he's made mistakes. He's cool.;Cheryl Cole;amazing
I would love to work with Anthony Hopkins I would love to work with Meryl Streep I would love to work with DeNiro I would love to work with Johnny Depp I'd love to work with Brad Pitt, Matt Damon, Gwyneth Paltrow... I think she's amazing.;Tara Reid;amazing
At first I missed it, but it was the amazing energy thing that happened during shows, when a lot of people were like Yay Yay Yeah! I missed that for a while. But I don't miss the regular and the business side of that whole thing.;Bill Kreutzmann;amazing
I like making films about old people because they are repositories of amazing stories that they tell well. And they're incredibly good telly.;Ian Hislop;amazing
The opportunity, number one, to work with Ang Lee is an amazing thing for me.;Sam Elliott;amazing
James Franco has this interesting and relaxed look. It's pretty 'I don't care,' but it still looks good. Ryan Gosling also has amazing style. I take a lot of my fashion tips from those two. In my opinion, they're the ones getting it right.;Josh Henderson;amazing
My grandfather was one of the most amazing Baptist ministers in history, he was unbelievable. He was one of the most amazing men - the most amazing man that I ever met... He lived an amazing life.;Josh Henderson;amazing
I spend up to two hours a day on correspondence. Hearing from fans on the Internet and being able to directly respond to the fan base is exciting. You can cut out the middle man like the fan club... before a recent appearance in Tyler, Texas, I had fans reaching out on MySpace offering their lake house, Mavericks tickets. It was amazing.;Josh Henderson;amazing
It was a wonderful experience to work with Sylvia. She pushed me to be more powerful with my acting, and she told me scores of the most incredible stories I've ever heard. She is amazing.;Lukas Haas;amazing
I grew up with all boys in my family, where there was no place for girlie stuff. But it's amazing to walk into my house now. Everything is pink!;Jerry O'Connell;amazing
It's amazing how stress keeps you trim.;Peter Andre;amazing
These things have a life of there own and never existed when I was growing up certainly worrying when one would get made. It's kind of amazing how that one movie kept living through all these years.;Stockard Channing;amazing
At 13, I realized that I could fix anything electronic. It was amazing, I could just do it. I started a business repairing radios. It grew to be one of the largest in Philadelphia.;Amar Bose;amazing
It's odd, because I used to see pictures, on telly or wherever, of what I now know to be Shaftesbury Avenue and I used to wonder what that amazing street with all the lights was. Well, now I know. I think when you get a wee taste of something, it maybe isn't what you thought it was.;Shirley Henderson;amazing
There was just this amazing individuality. It's just a whole different world of optimism and fearlessness, women taking off their bras and dancing around naked, and a political hopefulness and involvement.;Jill Clayburgh;amazing
The amazing thing now is that most of those so-called critics who were telling me to find my own voice seem to have lost theirs.;Brian Lumley;amazing
Just going on the road and entertaining the fans, that's amazing.;Jordan Knight;amazing
If we get the capabilities, NATO, along with the European Union, can do amazing things.;Lord Robertson;amazing
Acting is fantastic, but to be able to create a whole world on celluloid is amazing. It's like taking your dreams straight from your head and projecting them onto a screen.;Amber Benson;amazing
I'm the lead singer of the Beach Boys and an ambassador of this amazing music that touched a generation.;Mike Love;amazing
I think this is the biggest win in my career. To beat Venus in Wimbledon is just something amazing.;Elena Vesnina;amazing
One of the most amazing locations I've ever been is the top of the volcano in Tanzania, Africa. It's an actual volcano where you really have this lava every day.;Jan de Bont;amazing
Being in an area of the planet where scientists believe mankind started is quite amazing.;Jan de Bont;amazing
'10' was amazing! I had no career before '10' and then all of a sudden I was able to do pretty much whatever I was able to do in the business.;Bo Derek;amazing
When I see myself in the videogame it's amazing how realistic I look. This is the most authentic and realistic soccer game I have ever seen. It is like I'm looking in a mirror. The attention to detail is incredible.;Claudio Reyna;amazing
What's amazing is that I'm recognized all over the world through 'Red Dwarf.' British fans are exceptional, but the American fans are something else. Some of them fly 500 miles to stand in line for three hours, just to meet me, then when they do they collapse. It makes you feel like a rock star!;Craig Charles;amazing
Just knowing that through my music I actually inspire people is amazing for me and I find it very heartwarming.;Thia Megia;amazing
As far as the girls in my grade, it was always kind of an on-and-off thing. When all this came up, it was kind of hard. My guy friends and my family friends have been so amazing and supportive.;Stacie Orrico;amazing
I studied voice for about two years with an amazing coach, and I never rose above the level of mediocre.;Danny Strong;amazing
