Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.;Anne Frank;good
A policy is a temporary creed liable to be changed, but while it holds good it has got to be pursued with apostolic zeal.;Mahatma Gandhi;good
Since you get more joy out of giving joy to others, you should put a good deal of thought into the happiness that you are able to give.;Eleanor Roosevelt;good
I had a stick of CareFree gum, but it didn't work. I felt pretty good while I was blowing that bubble, but as soon as the gum lost its flavor, I was back to pondering my mortality.;Mitch Hedberg;good
The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion.;Thomas Paine;good
The only advantage of not being too good a housekeeper is that your guests are so pleased to feel how very much better they are.;Eleanor Roosevelt;good
Your net worth to the world is usually determined by what remains after your bad habits are subtracted from your good ones.;Benjamin Franklin;good
If one plays good music, people don't listen and if one plays bad music people don't talk.;Oscar Wilde;good
Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everyone in good society holds exactly the same opinion.;Oscar Wilde;good
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.;Plato;good
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;good
If to do were as easy as to know what were good to do, chapels had been churches, and poor men's cottage princes' palaces.;William Shakespeare;good
The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself.;Oscar Wilde;good
When good Americans die they go to Paris.;Oscar Wilde;good
Non-cooperation with evil is as much a duty as is cooperation with good.;Mahatma Gandhi;good
I know in my heart that man is good. That what is right will always eventually triumph. And there's purpose and worth to each and every life.;Ronald Reagan;good
Great ambition is the passion of a great character. Those endowed with it may perform very good or very bad acts. All depends on the principles which direct them.;Napoleon Bonaparte;good
The good ended happily, and the bad unhappily. That is what fiction means.;Oscar Wilde;good
Many a good hanging prevents a bad marriage.;William Shakespeare;good
I shall the effect of this good lesson keeps as watchman to my heart.;William Shakespeare;good
One can survive everything, nowadays, except death, and live down everything except a good reputation.;Oscar Wilde;good
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.;George S. Patton;good
There is no principle worth the name if it is not wholly good.;Mahatma Gandhi;good
Anybody can be good in the country. There are no temptations there.;Oscar Wilde;good
Well, if Fortune be a woman, she's a good wench for this gear.;William Shakespeare;good
If there's any message to my work, it is ultimately that it's OK to be different, that it's good to be different, that we should question ourselves before we pass judgment on someone who looks different, behaves different, talks different, is a different color.;Johnny Depp;good
Commitment is a big part of what I am and what I believe. How committed are you to winning? How committed are you to being a good friend? To being trustworthy? To being successful? How committed are you to being a good father, a good teammate, a good role model? There's that moment every morning when you look in the mirror: Are you committed, or are you not?;LeBron James;good
Old age, believe me, is a good and pleasant thing. It is true you are gently shouldered off the stage, but then you are given such a comfortable front stall as spectator.;Confucius;good
In modern life nothing produces such an effect as a good platitude. It makes the whole world kin.;Oscar Wilde;good
Aim above morality. Be not simply good, be good for something.;Henry David Thoreau;good
Paris is always a good idea.;Audrey Hepburn;good
I hope everyone that is reading this is having a really good day. And if you are not, just know that in every new minute that passes you have an opportunity to change that.;Gillian Anderson;good
Silence is golden when you can't think of a good answer.;Muhammad Ali;good
About morals, I know only that what is moral is what you feel good after and what is immoral is what you feel bad after.;Ernest Hemingway;good
A good thing to remember is somebody's got it a lot worse than we do.;Joel Osteen;good
How true Daddy's words were when he said: all children must look after their own upbringing. Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.;Anne Frank;good
In spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart. I simply can't build up my hopes on a foundation consisting of confusion, misery and death.;Anne Frank;good
Be not simply good - be good for something.;Henry David Thoreau;good
Do good to your friends to keep them, to your enemies to win them.;Benjamin Franklin;good
Diligence is the mother of good luck.;Benjamin Franklin;good
All good is hard. All evil is easy. Dying, losing, cheating, and mediocrity is easy. Stay away from easy.;Scott Alexander;good
Speak ill of no man, but speak all the good you know of everybody.;Benjamin Franklin;good
Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one.;Benjamin Franklin;good
Of all that is good, sublimity is supreme. Succeeding is the coming together of all that is beautiful. Furtherance is the agreement of all that is just. Perseverance is the foundation of all actions.;Lao Tzu;good
Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want, and deserve to get it good and hard.;H. L. Mencken;good
Good habits formed at youth make all the difference.;Aristotle;good
I believe in Karma. If the good is sown, the good is collected. When positive things are made, that returns well.;Yannick Noah;good
When one has not had a good father, one must create one.;Friedrich Nietzsche;good
He who speaks without modesty will find it difficult to make his words good.;Confucius;good
Those disputing, contradicting, and confuting people are generally unfortunate in their affairs. They get victory, sometimes, but they never get good will, which would be of more use to them.;Benjamin Franklin;good
It doesn't do good to open doors for someone who doesn't have the price to get in. If he has the price, he may not need the laws. There is no law saying the Negro has to live in Harlem or Watts.;Ronald Reagan;good
There was never a good war, or a bad peace.;Benjamin Franklin;good
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.;William Arthur Ward;good
There are three kinds of intelligence: one kind understands things for itself, the other appreciates what others can understand, the third understands neither for itself nor through others. This first kind is excellent, the second good, and the third kind useless.;Niccolo Machiavelli;good
Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.;Alan Cohen;good
Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one.;Dr. Seuss;good
Happiness is the only good. The time to be happy is now. The place to be happy is here. The way to be happy is to make others so.;Robert Green Ingersoll;good
The TV business is uglier than most things. It is normally perceived as some kind of cruel and shallow money trench through the heart of the journalism industry, a long plastic hallway where thieves and pimps run free and good men die like dogs, for no good reason.;Hunter S. Thompson;good
There is no kind of dishonesty into which otherwise good people more easily and frequently fall than that of defrauding the government.;Benjamin Franklin;good
Each year one vicious habit discarded, in time might make the worst of us good.;Benjamin Franklin;good
If you go to work on your goals, your goals will go to work on you. If you go to work on your plan, your plan will go to work on you. Whatever good things we build end up building us.;Jim Rohn;good
Human felicity is produced not as much by great pieces of good fortune that seldom happen as by little advantages that occur every day.;Benjamin Franklin;good
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.;Plato;good
Sex education may be a good idea in the schools, but I don't believe the kids should be given homework.;Bill Cosby;good
The pay is good and I can walk to work.;John F. Kennedy;good
Many foxes grow gray but few grow good.;Benjamin Franklin;good
I know you've heard it a thousand times before. But it's true - hard work pays off. If you want to be good, you have to practice, practice, practice. If you don't love something, then don't do it.;Ray Bradbury;good
A good character is the best tombstone. Those who loved you and were helped by you will remember you when forget-me-nots have withered. Carve your name on hearts, not on marble.;Charles Spurgeon;good
Love is the joy of the good, the wonder of the wise, the amazement of the Gods.;Plato;good
I like someone who is a little crazy but coming from a good place. I think scars are sexy because it means you made a mistake that led to a mess.;Angelina Jolie;good
A good indignation brings out all one's powers.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;good
Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued.;Socrates;good
Be true to the game, because the game will be true to you. If you try to shortcut the game, then the game will shortcut you. If you put forth the effort, good things will be bestowed upon you. That's truly about the game, and in some ways that's about life too.;Michael Jordan;good
Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory.;Albert Schweitzer;good
Necessity never made a good bargain.;Benjamin Franklin;good
Do not be too moral. You may cheat yourself out of much life so. Aim above morality. Be not simply good be good for something.;Henry David Thoreau;good
A good husband is never the first to go to sleep at night or the last to awake in the morning.;Honore de Balzac;good
Don't believe your friends when they ask you to be honest with them. All they really want is to be maintained in the good opinion they have of themselves.;Albert Camus;good
This time, like all times, is a very good one, if we but know what to do with it.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;good
Doing well is the result of doing good. That's what capitalism is all about.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;good
I have thought a sufficient measure of civilization is the influence of good women.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;good
Observe good faith and justice toward all nations. Cultivate peace and harmony with all.;George Washington;good
Every actual State is corrupt. Good men must not obey laws too well.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;good
Friendship, like the immortality of the soul, is too good to be believed.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;good
She is a friend of mind. She gather me, man. The pieces I am, she gather them and give them back to me in all the right order. It's good, you know, when you got a woman who is a friend of your mind.;Toni Morrison;good
I do not concern myself with gods and spirits either good or evil nor do I serve any.;Lao Tzu;good
Good men must not obey the laws too well.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;good
All credibility, all good conscience, all evidence of truth come only from the senses.;Friedrich Nietzsche;good
The sage does not hoard. The more he helps others, the more he benefits himself, The more he gives to others, the more he gets himself. The Way of Heaven does one good but never does one harm. The Way of the sage is to act but not to compete.;Lao Tzu;good
Perfect friendship is the friendship of men who are good, and alike in excellence for these wish well alike to each other qua good, and they are good in themselves.;Aristotle;good
Show me a good loser, and I'll show you a loser.;Vince Lombardi;good
Every art and every inquiry, and similarly every action and choice, is thought to aim at some good and for this reason the good has rightly been declared to be that at which all things aim.;Aristotle;good
As individuals, people are inherently good. I have a somewhat more pessimistic view of people in groups. And I remain extremely concerned when I see what's happening in our country, which is in many ways the luckiest place in the world. We don't seem to be excited about making our country a better place for our kids.;Steve Jobs;good
A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason.;J. P. Morgan;good
It is a fact often observed, that men have written good verses under the inspiration of passion, who cannot write well under other circumstances.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;good
A good writer possesses not only his own spirit but also the spirit of his friends.;Friedrich Nietzsche;good
Don't follow any advice, no matter how good, until you feel as deeply in your spirit as you think in your mind that the counsel is wise.;Joan Rivers;good
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.;Benjamin Disraeli;good
He who is to be a good ruler must have first been ruled.;Aristotle;good
