I remember driving to North Carolina when I was a little girl in a snowstorm to get down to my mom's family in the Carolinas. There were chains on the car - it was the late sixties - and we were just singing in the car. Christmas carols.;Tori Amos;car
My parents were what I like to call proper musical fans. Lots of Sondheim was played in the car.;Daniel Radcliffe;car
I grew up listening to show tunes in the back of the car.;Daniel Radcliffe;car
People who have car collections - I never understood that. I always thought that was unnecessary. It's not beautiful, it's not creative. It's just showing how much money you've got.;Daniel Radcliffe;car
My mother was determined to make us independent. When I was four years old, she stopped the car a few miles from our house and made me find my own way home across the fields. I got hopelessly lost.;Richard Branson;car
The car has become the carapace, the protective and aggressive shell, of urban and suburban man.;Marshall McLuhan;car
Mass transportation is doomed to failure in North America because a person's car is the only place where he can be alone and think.;Marshall McLuhan;car
I like the guitar better these days. I like the bass, too, but it's hard to fit a bass amp in a small car.;Dee Dee Ramone;car
I want to let my friend Buster know that I would like to have dinner with him tonight. Does Buster work at home? Then how likely is he to have his cell phone on? Is he one of those people who only turns on his cell when he's in his car? I hate that.;Susan Orlean;car
Having played many roles of scientific intellect I do have an empathy for that world. It's been hard on me because flying the Enterprise for seven years in Star Trek and sitting in Cerebro in X-men has led people to believe that I know what I'm talking about. But I'm still trying to work out how to operate the air conditioning unit on my car.;Patrick Stewart;car
I never listen to the radio unless I rent a car.;David Byrne;car
You can know or not know how a car runs and still enjoy riding in a car.;David Byrne;car
I don't listen to the radio very much, but that could be because I don't have a car.;David Byrne;car
There's a certain amount of freedom involved in cycling: you're self-propelled and decide exactly where to go. If you see something that catches your eye to the left, you can veer off there, which isn't so easy in a car, and you can't cover as much ground walking.;David Byrne;car
I went to Zimbabwe. I know how white people feel in America now relaxed! Cause when I heard the police car I knew they weren't coming after me!;Richard Pryor;car
I remember at the age of five travelling on a trolley car with my mother past a group of women on a picket line at a textile plant, seeing them being viciously beaten by security people. So that kind of thing stayed with me.;Noam Chomsky;car
By far my most perilous assignment was covering a tank car explosion.;Jessica Savitch;car
I don't run a car, have never run a car. I could say that this is because I have this extremely tender environmentalist conscience, but the fact is I hate driving.;David Attenborough;car
The most important loan to pay is your student loan. It's more important than your mortgage, car and credit card payments. You cannot discharge student loan debt in the majority of cases.;Suze Orman;car
You can find out anything you want about a car now, and especially every bit of information about the price, without relying on the dealers.;Susan Orlean;car
Buying a car used to be an experience so soul-scorching, so confidence-splattering, so existentially rattling that an entire car company was based on the promise that you wouldn't have to come in contact with it.;Susan Orlean;car
I don't want to die in a car accident. When I die it'll be a glorious day. It'll probably be a waterfall.;River Phoenix;car
I'm very free-spirited and crazy. I love to have fun, and I like doing stupid things. At the same time, I'm like a 35-year-old. I have a house. I have a car. I have a steady job. I have a business, and I have to make serious decisions.;Avril Lavigne;car
So I was getting into my car, and this bloke says to me 'Can you give me a lift?' I said 'Sure, you look great, the world's your oyster, go for it.';Tommy Cooper;car
John D. Rockefeller wanted to dominate oil, but Microsoft wants it all, you name it: cable, media, banking, car dealerships.;Ralph Nader;car
I like the desert for short periods of time, from inside a car, with the windows rolled up, and the doors locked. I prefer beach resorts with room service.;Anne Lamott;car
I recorded a song called, I Fall to Pieces, and I was in a car wreck. Now I'm worried because I have a brand-new record, and it's called Crazy!;Patsy Cline;car
My grandma's the most careful, safe driver in the world. You put her in a rental car, and she's doing doughnuts in the K-Mart parking lot!;Jeff Foxworthy;car
I accept the Old Testament as more of an action movie: blood, car chases, evacuations, a lot of special effects, seas dividing, mass murder, adultery. The children of God are running amok, wayward. Maybe that's why they're so relatable.;Bono;car
I have a car but it's not important.;Eric Cantona;car
Be able to back up a car for a considerable distance in a straight line and back out of a driveway.;Marilyn vos Savant;car
Know how to travel from your town to a nearby town without a car, either by bus or by rail.;Marilyn vos Savant;car
I've crashed my car three times.;Billy Joel;car
I drive an electric car.;David Duchovny;car
If you are a writer you locate yourself behind a wall of silence and no matter what you are doing, driving a car or walking or doing housework you can still be writing, because you have that space.;Joyce Carol Oates;car
There's nothing wrong with the car except that it's on fire.;Murray Walker;car
Many kids come out of college, they have a credit card and a diploma. They don't know how to buy a house or a car or health insurance or life insurance. They do not know basic microeconomics.;Jesse Jackson;car
Forget the damned motor car and build the cities for lovers and friends.;Lewis Mumford;car
I don't know how to drive a car.;Javier Bardem;car
I want a Mini-Cooper because it's fuel efficient, emissions efficient and all that stuff. It's small and better for the environment. I think that will be my next car.;Christina Ricci;car
I've never been to a race car race before.;Christina Ricci;car
I was hit by a car once on my bike, but I still rode home.;Amy Winehouse;car
Fact: The new '90210' is cooler than the old '90210.' It's the lithe, streamlined Skipper to the elder series' venerable Barbie. Gone are the traditional parents - they've been replaced by a hipster mom n' pop who get busted necking in the car.;Diablo Cody;car
The world is full of abundance and opportunity, but far too many people come to the fountain of life with a sieve instead of a tank car... a teaspoon instead of a steam shovel. They expect little and as a result they get little.;Ben Sweetland;car
The days when a car aficionado could repair his or her own car are long past, due primarily to the high software content.;Marc Andreessen;car
Ten to 20 years out, driving your car will be viewed as equivalently immoral as smoking cigarettes around other people is today.;Marc Andreessen;car
I look away at car crashes, and I know people who look away at car crashes, because it makes us uncomfortable to watch other people in pain.;John Mayer;car
I really think we should pass a law in every state, I don't care whether it takes the independence away from an old person or not. You shouldn't be driving a car if you're over the age of 80. Maybe even less than that.;Evel Knievel;car
And that just shows you how important the car is in Formula One Racing.;Murray Walker;car
I love sleeping in a moving car more than sleeping in bed.;Ben Stein;car
The body is like a car: the older you become the more care you have to take care of it - and you don't leave a Ferrari out in the sun.;Joan Collins;car
I wanted to be a mechanic. When I was 14 I wanted to quit school and go work on my car. But my dad said Son, you shouldn't do that. You should stay in school until your education is finished, and when you're done, don't make your hobby your job.;Eric Bana;car
The newly decorated theatres produced things like car parks and restaurants, so you could have a good night out, quite cheaply without all that bother of having to go somewhere else.;Timothy West;car
My daughter Lila loves the smell of gasoline - she always says, 'Mummy, keep the door open,' when I'm filling up the car. I've heard it is one of the most preferred scents in the world - maybe that's something to study for my next fragrance!;Kate Moss;car
Consider what kind of car you get. Buy cars and other products that have the least impact environmentally.;Al Gore;car
Once you become successful, people know where you live, the type of house you live in, the kind of car you drive, the clothes you wear, and so it would be patronising to go and talk like a welder. Welding's a mystery to me now. You can't go back, your life changes every day.;Billy Connolly;car
There is a limit to the application of democratic methods. You can inquire of all the passengers as to what type of car they like to ride in, but it is impossible to question them as to whether to apply the brakes when the train is at full speed and accident threatens.;Leon Trotsky;car
Food is not just what we put in our mouths to fill up it is culture and identity. Reason plays some role in our decisions about food, but it's rarely driving the car.;Jonathan Safran Foer;car
Removing the faults in a stage-coach may produce a perfect stage-coach, but it is unlikely to produce the first motor car.;Edward de Bono;car
Buyers decide in the first eight seconds of seeing a home if they're interested in buying it. Get out of your car, walk in their shoes and see what they see within the first eight seconds.;Barbara Corcoran;car
I'm still that little girl who lisped and sat in the back of the car and threw vegetables at the back of her head when we drove home from the market. That never goes.;Tracey Ullman;car
I want to be remembered for the work that I've done, rather than the car accidents that I've gotten into, the men that I've not dated - or the man that I have.;Lindsay Lohan;car
My first car was a motorcycle.;Adam Carolla;car
So I was getting into my car, and this bloke says to me 'Can you give me a lift?' I said 'Sure, you look great, the world's your oyster, go for it.'';Tim Vine;car
Is fuel efficiency really what we need most desperately? I say that what we really need is a car that can be shot when it breaks down.;Russell Baker;car
Design is important, it's an important dimension in the car. It's not the only one.;Carlos Ghosn;car
We have some worse scenarios for which we need to prepare as companies. For the moment, we're planning for the worst, and the worst is now, and the car market is down more than 15 percent in France. There is so much uncertainty.;Carlos Ghosn;car
I've got CDs in my car, listening all the time for that next song, because everybody's looking.;Reba McEntire;car
You sell a screenplay like you sell a car. If someone drives it off a cliff, that's it.;Rita Mae Brown;car
If a movie is really working, you forget for two hours your Social Security number and where your car is parked. You are having a vicarious experience. You are identifying, in one way or another, with the people on the screen.;Roger Ebert;car
I didn't come from a trailer park. I grew up middle class and my dad had money and my mom made my lunch. I got a car when I was sixteen. I'm proud of that.;Kid Rock;car
Normal is getting dressed in clothes that you buy for work, driving through traffic in a car that you are still paying for, in order to get to a job that you need so you can pay for the clothes, car and the house that you leave empty all day in order to afford to live in it.;Ellen Goodman;car
The irony is that it was tougher to rent a car from Cerberus when it owned Alamo than to buy a semi-automatic. To rent a car, one had to provide ID, a drivers' license, and get insurance coverage. To buy a gun? Cash and carry, from the back of a station wagon at a gun show. No concerns about downstream liability or risk.;Eliot Spitzer;car
At least 50 times. I've jumped off a building, jumped off a cliff in a car. I've been in bedrooms when women came in with knives and guns.;Dennis Rodman;car
Can you design a Rorschach test that's going to make everyone feel something every time - and that looks like a Rorschach test? It's easy to show a picture of a kitten or a car accident. The question is, how abstract can you get and still get the audience to feel something when they don't know what's happening to them?;Jason Reitman;car
The American Dream has run out of gas. The car has stopped. It no longer supplies the world with its images, its dreams, its fantasies. No more. It's over. It supplies the world with its nightmares now: the Kennedy assassination, Watergate, Vietnam.;J. G. Ballard;car
You know what I really love? The CD players in a car. How when you put the CD right up by the slot, it actually takes it out of your hand, like it's hungry. It pulls it in, and you feel like it wants more silver discs.;Tom Waits;car
My mother gave me this book called Feature Films at Used Car Prices by a guy named Rick Schmidt. I gotta credit the guy, cuz he gave me the most practical advice. It empowers you.;Vin Diesel;car
At a car dealership, the person who sells the car is the hero, and also gets the commission. But if the mechanics don't service that car well, the customer won't return.;Roger Staubach;car
When life was worrying about a car payment or a rent payment and a bill, you're so consumed with that, you really don't have time to know yourself. That's surviving and getting by.;Fred Durst;car
The city needs a car like a fish needs a bicycle.;Dean Kamen;car
If you don't have the story and the unfolding of the trajectory of the saga, it's like getting in a car and not having any gas.;Gus Van Sant;car
Anything that's different from your own realm of experience as a human being, whether it's driving a car or a boat, or using guns, anything that separates you from yourself and leads you more towards this character's existence is a big help.;Colin Farrell;car
I think you have to feel comfortable with your car. You have to go into turn one, every lap, with confidence. You have to be sure of yourself and your equipment.;Danica Patrick;car
Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.;Evan Davis;car
My definition of a redundancy is an air-bag in a politician's car.;Larry Hagman;car
You must do as your people do. If my people are poor, I must be poor. People ask me, 'Why don't you find a personal coach or a private car?' I can't. Then I won't be part of my people.;Haile Gebrselassie;car
I swear my car won't run unless I'm picking my nose: At least, I'm that superstitious about it, so I don't want to take any chances.;Adam Carolla;car
I think we're getting to the point where everyone's getting fat and everyone's getting allergic, or claims to be allergic to something and people can't walk from their front door to their car without a bottle of water in their hand because they have to hydrate every three and half steps.;Adam Carolla;car
A critic is a man who knows the way but can't drive the car.;Kenneth Tynan;car
Nobody's ever asked me to pay for a meal before I've eaten it, I've never been pulled over just because I was driving the wrong kind of car in the wrong kind of area at the wrong time of night.;Wentworth Miller;car
When I saw all those other drivers, I realized that they wanted to win that money just as much as I did. But I didn't have to worry. A tire came off my car and I was lucky I got it off the track.;Buck Baker;car
I remember walking the dog one day, I saw a car full of teenage girls, and one of them rolled down the window and yelled, 'Marc Jacobs!' in a French accent.;Marc Jacobs;car
It just seemed too weird to me. I don't know, maybe they were smoking a joint in the car downstairs from their parents' apartment. I had to go that far to put together a scenario of how they could have possibly recognized me.;Marc Jacobs;car
You want to make sure this particular car is going to please the customer and then you're going to be rewarded with something that is going to please the shareholder.;Carlos Ghosn;car
The bass player's function, along with the drums, is to be the engine that drives the car... everything else is merely colours.;Suzi Quatro;car
Spending $1 for a brand new house would feel very, very good. Spending $1,000 for a ham sandwich would feel very, very bad. Spending $19,000 for a small family car would feel, well, more or less right. But as with physical pain, fiscal pain can depend on the individual, and everyone has a different threshold.;Jeffrey Kluger;car
I think I'm actually quite a materialistic person, I value what it takes to make a car or build a nice house. Money does change things, but how it changes people depends on how they react to it.;Roland Gift;car
Sometimes I wish I could drive a car, but I'm gonna drive a car one day, so I don't worry about that.;Stevie Wonder;car
