And so you touch this limit, something happens and you suddenly can go a little bit further. With your mind power, your determination, your instinct, and the experience as well, you can fly very high.;Ayrton Senna;power
I believe in the compelling power of love. I do not understand it. I believe it to be the most fragrant blossom of all this thorny existence.;Theodore Dreiser;power
All modern revolutions have ended in a reinforcement of the power of the State.;Albert Camus;power
Power is like being a lady... if you have to tell people you are, you aren't.;Margaret Thatcher;power
Burning desire to be or do something gives us staying power - a reason to get up every morning or to pick ourselves up and start in again after a disappointment.;Marsha Sinetar;power
Doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously, and accepting both of them.;George Orwell;power
The measure of a man is what he does with power.;Plato;power
Powerful people cannot afford to educate the people that they oppress, because once you are truly educated, you will not ask for power. You will take it.;John Henrik Clarke;power
Here at this site, Solyndra expects to make enough solar panels each year to generate 500 megawatts of electricity. And over the lifetime of this expanded facility, that could be like replacing as many as eight coal-fired power plants.;Barack Obama;power
When you blame others, you give up your power to change.;Robert Anthony;power
The hate of men will pass, and dictators die, and the power they took from the people will return to the people. And so long as men die, liberty will never perish.;Charlie Chaplin;power
There is danger from all men. The only maxim of a free government ought to be to trust no man living with power to endanger the public liberty.;John Adams;power
It is a truism that almost any sect, cult, or religion will legislate its creed into law if it acquires the political power to do so.;Robert A. Heinlein;power
I don't think I've ever been an agnostic. I've always thought there's a superior power, that this is not the real world and that there's a world to come.;Bob Dylan;power
The essential elements of giving are power and love - activity and affection - and the consciousness of the race testifies that in the high and appropriate exercise of these is a blessedness greater than any other.;Mark Hopkins;power
The thing you fear most has no power. Your fear of it is what has the power. Facing the truth really will set you free.;Oprah Winfrey;power
He who steals a little steals with the same wish as he who steals much, but with less power.;Plato;power
Tonight, we gather to affirm the greatness of our nation - not because of the height of our skyscrapers, or the power of our military, or the size of our economy. Our pride is based on a very simple premise, summed up in a declaration made over two hundred years ago.;Barack Obama;power
I was ecstatic they re-named 'French Fries' as 'Freedom Fries'. Grown men and women in positions of power in the U.S. government showing themselves as idiots.;Johnny Depp;power
There are two powers in the world one is the sword and the other is the pen. There is a great competition and rivalry between the two. There is a third power stronger than both, that of the women.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;power
Man, alone, has the power to transform his thoughts into physical reality man, alone, can dream and make his dreams come true.;Napoleon Hill;power
God... a being whose only definition is that he is beyond man's power to conceive.;Ayn Rand;power
What then do you call your soul? What idea have you of it? You cannot of yourselves, without revelation, admit the existence within you of anything but a power unknown to you of feeling and thinking.;Voltaire;power
Nothing has such power to broaden the mind as the ability to investigate systematically and truly all that comes under thy observation in life.;Marcus Aurelius;power
The earth is supported by the power of truth it is the power of truth that makes the sun shine and the winds blow indeed all things rest upon truth.;Chanakya;power
Because power corrupts, society's demands for moral authority and character increase as the importance of the position increases.;John Adams;power
What I worry about would be that you essentially have two chambers, the House and the Senate, but you have simply, majoritarian, absolute power on either side. And that's just not what the founders intended.;Barack Obama;power
Unless you choose to do great things with it, it makes no difference how much you are rewarded, or how much power you have.;Oprah Winfrey;power
To dance is to be out of yourself. Larger, more beautiful, more powerful. This is power, it is glory on earth and it is yours for the taking.;Agnes de Mille;power
Liberal: a power worshipper without power.;George Orwell;power
Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power.;William James;power
A man who lives right, and is right, has more power in his silence than another has by his words.;Phillips Brooks;power
As a nuclear power - as the only nuclear power to have used a nuclear weapon - the United States has a moral responsibility to act.;Barack Obama;power
Of course, there is no question that Libya - and the world - will be better off with Gaddafi out of power. I, along with many other world leaders, have embraced that goal, and will actively pursue it through non-military means. But broadening our military mission to include regime change would be a mistake.;Barack Obama;power
The media's the most powerful entity on earth. They have the power to make the innocent guilty and to make the guilty innocent, and that's power. Because they control the minds of the masses.;Malcom X;power
Equality may perhaps be a right, but no power on earth can ever turn it into a fact.;Honore de Balzac;power
In every community, there is work to be done. In every nation, there are wounds to heal. In every heart, there is the power to do it.;Marianne Williamson;power
The truths of religion are never so well understood as by those who have lost the power of reason.;Voltaire;power
Power always thinks it has a great soul and vast views beyond the comprehension of the weak.;John Adams;power
My mother taught me about the power of inspiration and courage, and she did it with a strength and a passion that I wish could be bottled.;Carly Fiorina;power
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.;Ambrose Bierce;power
To live happily is an inward power of the soul.;Marcus Aurelius;power
When every physical and mental resources is focused, one's power to solve a problem multiplies tremendously.;Norman Vincent Peale;power
Either you think, or else others have to think for you and take power from you, pervert and discipline your natural tastes, civilize and sterilize you.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;power
The strength and power of despotism consists wholly in the fear of resistance.;Thomas Paine;power
Now workers should have the right to join unions. But unions should not be forced upon workers. And unions should not have the power to take money our of their members' paychecks to buy the support of politicians that are favored by the union bosses.;Mitt Romney;power
I don't blame the players today for the money. I blame the owners. They started it. They wanna give it to 'em? More power to 'em.;Yogi Berra;power
You always do what you want to do. This is true with every act. You may say that you had to do something, or that you were forced to, but actually, whatever you do, you do by choice. Only you have the power to choose for yourself.;W. Clement Stone;power
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.;Richard Bach;power
Always keep your mind as bright and clear as the vast sky, the great ocean, and the highest peak, empty of all thoughts. Always keep your body filled with light and heat. Fill yourself with the power of wisdom and enlightenment.;Morihei Ueshiba;power
One does not need buildings, money, power, or status to practice the Art of Peace. Heaven is right where you are standing, and that is the place to train.;Morihei Ueshiba;power
There is nothing happens to any person but what was in his power to go through with.;Marcus Aurelius;power
Liberty has never come from Government. Liberty has always come from the subjects of it. The history of liberty is a history of limitations of governmental power, not the increase of it.;Woodrow Wilson;power
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.;Henry Ward Beecher;power
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.;Stephen Covey;power
It takes tremendous discipline to control the influence, the power you have over other people's lives.;Clint Eastwood;power
I love power. But it is as an artist that I love it. I love it as a musician loves his violin, to draw out its sounds and chords and harmonies.;Napoleon Bonaparte;power
Nothing else so destroys the power to stand alone as the habit of leaning upon others. If you lean, you will never be strong or original. Stand alone or bury your ambition to be somebody in the world.;Orison Swett Marden;power
We continue to recognize the greater ability of some to earn more than others. But we do assert that the ambition of the individual to obtain for him a proper security is an ambition to be preferred to the appetite for great wealth and great power.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;power
Every man who knows how to read has it in his power to magnify himself, to multiply the ways in which he exists, to make his life full, significant and interesting.;Aldous Huxley;power
The power of imagination makes us infinite.;John Muir;power
Power is my mistress. I have worked too hard at her conquest to allow anyone to take her away from me.;Napoleon Bonaparte;power
In a republic this rule ought to be observed: that the majority should not have the predominant power.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;power
Since Castro took power, the Cuban people have been denied basic human freedoms. No freedom of religion, no freedom of the press, no political freedom. And the regime uses brutality and violence to suppress these freedoms and impose its will.;Mitt Romney;power
We do not need more intellectual power, we need more spiritual power. We do not need more of the things that are seen, we need more of the things that are unseen.;Calvin Coolidge;power
We are not weak if we make a proper use of those means which the God of Nature has placed in our power... the battle, sir, is not to the strong alone it is to the vigilant, the active, the brave.;Patrick Henry;power
Power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.;Lord Acton;power
There was a power outage at a department store yesterday. Twenty people were trapped on the escalators.;Steven Wright;power
Never underestimate the power of dreams and the influence of the human spirit. We are all the same in this notion: The potential for greatness lives within each of us.;Wilma Rudolph;power
Our nation is too different, too diverse to say that what works in Massachusetts is somehow going to be grabbed by the federal government, usurping the power of states and imposing a one-size-fits-all plan on the nation. That will not work.;Mitt Romney;power
The strength and power and goodness of America has always been based on the strength and power and goodness of our communities, our families, our faiths. That is the bedrock of what makes America, America. In our best days, we can feel the vibrancy of America's communities, large and small.;Mitt Romney;power
All gods are homemade, and it is we who pull their strings, and so, give them the power to pull ours.;Aldous Huxley;power
With an eye made quiet by the power of harmony, and the deep power of joy, we see into the life of things.;William Wordsworth;power
Everyone has their own insecurities, regardless of how you look or how people perceive you, but sometimes people give their insecurities too much power. Defining beauty is simply a matter of opinion. For me, real beauty has very little to do with the structure of someone's face or body.;Devon Aoki;power
The sway of alcohol over mankind is unquestionably due to its power to stimulate the mystical faculties of human nature, usually crushed to earth by the cold facts and dry criticisms of the sober hour.;William James;power
Youth is the period in which a man can be hopeless. The end of every episode is the end of the world. But the power of hoping through everything, the knowledge that the soul survives its adventures, that great inspiration comes to the middle-aged.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;power
Kindness is in our power, even when fondness is not.;Samuel Johnson;power
Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family.;Kofi Annan;power
Hitler and Mussolini were only the primary spokesmen for the attitude of domination and craving for power that are in the heart of almost everyone. Until the source is cleared, there will always be confusion and hate, wars and class antagonisms.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;power
Where love rules, there is no will to power and where power predominates, there love is lacking. The one is the shadow of the other.;Carl Jung;power
In the main it will be found that a power over a man's support (salary) is a power over his will.;Alexander Hamilton;power
The ordinary man with extraordinary power is the chief danger for mankind - not the fiend or the sadist.;Erich Fromm;power
My trust in a higher power that wants me to survive and have love in my life, is what keeps me moving forward.;Kenny Loggins;power
'Smart power' is the use of American power in ways that would help prevent and resolve conflict - not just send our military in.;Hillary Clinton;power
Power over a man's subsistence is power over his will.;Alexander Hamilton;power
Nationalism is power hunger tempered by self-deception.;George Orwell;power
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.;Plutarch;power
Idealism is the noble toga that political gentlemen drape over their will to power.;Aldous Huxley;power
Wondrous is the strength of cheerfulness, and its power of endurance - the cheerful man will do more in the same time, will do it better, will preserve it longer, than the sad or sullen.;Thomas Carlyle;power
Religions, which condemn the pleasures of sense, drive men to seek the pleasures of power. Throughout history power has been the vice of the ascetic.;Bertrand Russell;power
Power is not a means, it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship.;George Orwell;power
Where an excess of power prevails, property of no sort is duly respected. No man is safe in his opinions, his person, his faculties, or his possessions.;James Madison;power
Your problem is how you are going to spend this one odd and precious life you have been issued. Whether you're going to spend it trying to look good and creating the illusion that you have power over people and circumstances, or whether you are going to taste it, enjoy it and find out the truth about who you are.;Anne Lamott;power
Mischief springs from the power which the moneyed interest derives from a paper currency which they are able to control, from the multitude of corporations with exclusive privileges... which are employed altogether for their benefit.;Andrew Jackson;power
The fundamental concept in social science is Power, in the same sense in which Energy is the fundamental concept in physics.;Bertrand Russell;power
In the general course of human nature, A power over a man's subsistence amounts to a power over his will.;Alexander Hamilton;power
I repeat... that all power is a trust that we are accountable for its exercise that from the people and for the people all springs, and all must exist.;Benjamin Disraeli;power
Religion is about turning untested belief into unshakable truth through the power of institutions and the passage of time.;Richard Dawkins;power
Prayer is mans greatest power!;W. Clement Stone;power
