Save for the wild force of Nature, nothing moves in this world that is not Greek in its origin.;Lord Acton;nature
None of us is responsible for the complexion of his skin. This fact of nature offers no clue to the character or quality of the person underneath.;Marian Anderson;nature
A hatred of failure has always been part of my nature.;Paul Getty;nature
There is nothing more corrupting, nothing more destructive of the noblest and finest feelings of our nature, than the exercise of unlimited power.;William Henry Harrison;nature
The essence of the Hebrew Bible, transmitted by Christianity, is separation: between life and death, nature and God, good and evil, man and woman, and the holy and the profane.;Dennis Prager;nature
Controversy is part of the nature of art and creativity.;Yoko Ono;nature
In the world of words, the imagination is one of the forces of nature.;Wallace Stevens;nature
God created the world the laws of nature were created by God. True science tries to find out what God put in the world. The trouble is where scientists speculate about theology and they don't know what they're talking about because they weren't there. They can't speculate about the origins of life because they weren't there.;Pat Robertson;nature
In antiquity the sage kings recognized that men's nature is bad and that their tendencies were not being corrected and their lawlessness controlled.;Xun Zi;nature
The creative destruction that social media is currently unleashing will change more than technology or the leader board of the Fortune 100. It is driving a qualitative shift in the nature of relationships between brands and their customers.;Simon Mainwaring;nature
To say to the painter that Nature is to be taken as she is, is to say to the player that he may sit on the piano.;James Whistler;nature
It is the nature of the self to manifest itself, In every atom slumbers the might of the self.;Muhammad Iqbal;nature
It's incredible how nature sets females up to take care of people, and yet it is tricky for them to take care of themselves.;Bjork;nature
Nature, I have constantly argued in my work, is the real superpower of this godless universe. It is the ultimate disposer of human fate, randomly recarving geography over 10,000-year epochs.;Camille Paglia;nature
High Romanticism shows you nature in all its harsh and lovely metamorphoses. Flood, fire and quake fling us back to the primal struggle for survival and reveal our gross dependency on mammoth, still mysterious forces.;Camille Paglia;nature
I have never been able to grasp the meaning of time. I don't believe it exists. I've felt this again and again, when alone and out in nature. On such occasions, time does not exist. Nor does the future exist.;Thor Heyerdahl;nature
Literature is the expression of a feeling of deprivation, a recourse against a sense of something missing. But the contrary is also true: language is what makes us human. It is a recourse against the meaningless noise and silence of nature and history.;Octavio Paz;nature
An argument fatal to the communist theory, is suggested by the fact, that a desire for property is one of the elements of our nature.;Herbert Spencer;nature
There is something mean in human nature that prefers to think evil, that gives a willing ear and a ready welcome to calumny, a sort of jealousy of goodness and greatness and things of good report.;Richard Le Gallienne;nature
The art of healing comes from nature, not from the physician. Therefore the physician must start from nature, with an open mind.;Paracelsus;nature
The private citizen, beset by partisan appeals for the loan of his Public Opinion, will soon see, perhaps, that these appeals are not a compliment to his intelligence, but an imposition on his good nature and an insult to his sense of evidence.;Walter Lippmann;nature
I'm so not stylish by nature, but I've learned to work with what I have.;Julie Bowen;nature
Cruelty is the law pervading all nature and society and we can't get out of it if we would.;Thomas Hardy;nature
"We don't do things we aren't good at by nature. I wouldn't play basketball because I'm only 5' 1"". Find what you enjoy - whether it's racing, flying a helicopter, being a doctor, or stitching clothes together. Once you've done that, you have the passion you need.";Danica Patrick;nature
I think that the best way to explain that is that my mother gave me all the color and character and flare and liveliness, and my father gave me all the sanity and nature and all the things that helped me be a more rounded human being.;Julie Andrews;nature
A desire to resist oppression is implanted in the nature of man.;Tacitus;nature
When you look at Japanese traditional architecture, you have to look at Japanese culture and its relationship with nature. You can actually live in a harmonious, close contact with nature - this very unique to Japan.;Tadao Ando;nature
Wars will remain while human nature remains. I believe in my soul in cooperation, in arbitration but the soldier's occupation we cannot say is gone until human nature is gone.;Rutherford B. Hayes;nature
The law cannot equalize mankind in spite of nature.;Luc de Clapiers;nature
I don't stop. It's my nature. People have to tell me to slow down. I plan on playing every role on Broadway. I want to do 'Evita.' I want to do 'Sweeney Todd' with Chris Colfer. We want to do 'Wicked.' I'll be Elphaba and he wants to play 'Guy-linda.' I want to do movies, make music. 'Glee' is only the beginning.;Lea Michele;nature
Art is nature speeded up and God slowed down.;Malcolm De Chazal;nature
Every corny thing that's said about living with nature - being in harmony with the earth, feeling the cycle of the seasons - happens to be true.;Susan Orlean;nature
Nature's music is never over her silences are pauses, not conclusions.;Mary Webb;nature
There are no lines in nature, only areas of colour, one against another.;Edouard Manet;nature
The beautiful spring came and when Nature resumes her loveliness, the human soul is apt to revive also.;Harriet Ann Jacobs;nature
The stars, that nature hung in heaven, and filled their lamps with everlasting oil, give due light to the misled and lonely traveller.;John Milton;nature
It often happens that when a person possesses a particular ability to an extraordinary degree, nature makes up for it by leaving him or her incompetent in every other department.;Robert Shea;nature
You can tell the nature of the man by the words he chooses.;Edwin Louis Cole;nature
Mother Nature comes up against reality, and the reality is that the system doesn't work.;John Garamendi;nature
The body is ready to have babies. Nature wants it done then, when the body can handle it, not after 40, when the income can handle it.;Toni Morrison;nature
The diversity of the phenomena of nature is so great, and the treasures hidden in the heavens so rich, precisely in order that the human mind shall never be lacking in fresh nourishment.;Johannes Kepler;nature
We are more than just flesh and bones. There's a certain spiritual nature and something of the mind that we can't measure. We can't find it. With all our sophisticated equipment, we cannot monitor or define it, and yet it's there.;Benjamin Carson;nature
Nature is a petrified magic city.;Novalis;nature
It is a law of human nature that in victory even the coward may boast of his prowess, while defeat injures the reputation even of the brave.;Sallust;nature
The possibility of a scientific treatment of history means a wider experience, a greater maturity of practical reason, and finally a fuller realization of certain basic ideas regarding the nature of life and time.;Muhammad Iqbal;nature
Cruelty is a part of nature, at least of human nature, but it is the one thing that seems unnatural to us.;Robinson Jeffers;nature
The insufferable arrogance of human beings to think that Nature was made solely for their benefit, as if it was conceivable that the sun had been set afire merely to ripen men's apples and head their cabbages.;Cyrano de Bergerac;nature
It is in the very nature of things human that every act that has once made its appearance and has been recorded in the history of mankind stays with mankind as a potentiality long after its actuality has become a thing of the past.;Hannah Arendt;nature
Of all those arts in which the wise excel, Nature's chief masterpiece is writing well.;Andre Breton;nature
One learns more from listening than speaking.And both the wind and the people who continue to live close to nature still have much to tell us which we cannot hear within university walls.;Thor Heyerdahl;nature
No further evidence is needed to show that 'mental illness' is not the name of a biological condition whose nature awaits to be elucidated, but is the name of a concept whose purpose is to obscure the obvious.;Thomas Szasz;nature
Those who made and endorsed our Constitution knew man's nature, and it is to their ideas, rather than to the temptations of utopia, that we must ask that our judges adhere.;Robert Bork;nature
Never does nature say one thing and wisdom another.;Juvenal;nature
Nothing is too wonderful to be true if it be consistent with the laws of nature.;Michael Faraday;nature
If journalism is good, it is controversial, by its nature.;Julian Assange;nature
Poetry is emotion put into measure. The emotion must come by nature, but the measure can be acquired by art.;Thomas Hardy;nature
Conservatives sense a link between television and drugs, but they do not grasp the nature of this connection.;Christopher Lasch;nature
A true man never frets about his place in the world, but just slides into it by the gravitation of his nature, and swings there as easily as a star.;Edwin Hubbel Chapin;nature
I've been very competitive by nature from a young age, whether it was eating a bowl of pasta faster than somebody else, or always wanting to be the first one in line.;Maria Sharapova;nature
I believe that laughter is the best emotional Band-Aid in the world. It's like nature's Neosporin.;Matt LeBlanc;nature
Beauty is grace and confidence. I've learned to accept and appreciate what nature gave me.;Lindsay Lohan;nature
All a musician can do is to get closer to the sources of nature, and so feel that he is in communion with the natural laws.;John Coltrane;nature
Nature is the master of talents genius is the master of nature.;J. G. Holland;nature
Many people believe that they are attracted by God, or by Nature, when they are only repelled by man.;William Ralph Inge;nature
The courage of a soldier is found to be the cheapest and most common quality of human nature.;Edward Gibbon;nature
Is there some principal of nature which states that we never know the quality of what we have until it is gone?;Herman Melville;nature
In the beginning you must subject yourself to the influence of nature. You must be able to walk firmly on the ground before you start walking on a tightrope.;Henri Matisse;nature
Plot, rules, nor even poetry, are not half so great beauties in tragedy or comedy as a just imitation of nature, of character, of the passions and their operations in diversified situations.;Horace Walpole;nature
I often get letters, quite frequently, from people who say how they like the programmes a lot, but I never give credit to the almighty power that created nature.;David Attenborough;nature
The man who has sufficient power over himself to wait until his nature has recovered its even balance is the truly wise man, but such beings are seldom met with.;Giacomo Casanova;nature
What I'm attempting to do is to show people that if I can spend some time with very dangerous spiders and snakes and scorpions, then maybe they'll feel different about the spiders and snakes they find around their areas. I don't need people to keep them as pets. I just like them to be respectful and see that everything in nature has its place.;Dominic Monaghan;nature
It's human nature to start taking things for granted again when danger isn't banging loudly on the door.;David Hackworth;nature
I used to be such a militant city-ist, but more and more I've seen forests and nature and oceans, and I don't know any more if this is the awesomest way to live.;Regina Spektor;nature
There's a constantly applicable nature to soul music, whereas sometimes pop music can be a periodical.;John Mayer;nature
Games, by nature, have more plot options and non-linear qualities than TV and film.;David Duchovny;nature
I mean, you always want everybody to pat you on the back and tell you you're wonderful every time you do something I think that's human nature.;David Duchovny;nature
We cannot remember too often that when we observe nature, and especially the ordering of nature, it is always ourselves alone we are observing.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;nature
A good face they say, is a letter of recommendation. O Nature, Nature, why art thou so dishonest, as ever to send men with these false recommendations into the World!;Henry Fielding;nature
What is called an acute knowledge of human nature is mostly nothing but the observer's own weaknesses reflected back from others.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;nature
The Greeks possessed a knowledge of human nature we seem hardly able to attain to without passing through the strengthening hibernation of a new barbarism.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;nature
It's just a part of our nature to hope.;Elizabeth Edwards;nature
The artist is the confidant of nature, flowers carry on dialogues with him through the graceful bending of their stems and the harmoniously tinted nuances of their blossoms. Every flower has a cordial word which nature directs towards him.;Auguste Rodin;nature
I've probably understood men too well. I realise they are predatory by nature, and I have a certain acceptance of the male animal.;Jacqueline Bisset;nature
It was the full conviction of this, and of what could be done, if every man were placed in the office for which he was fitted by nature and a proper education, which first suggested to me the plan of Illumination.;Adam Weishaupt;nature
No one likes to have less than they had before. That's the nature of the human animal.;Joni Mitchell;nature
I'm a very analytical person, a somewhat introspective person that's the nature of the work I do.;Joni Mitchell;nature
There are times as a parent when you realize that your job is not to be the parent you always imagined you'd be, the parent you always wished you had. Your job is to be the parent your child needs, given the particulars of his or her own life and nature.;Ayelet Waldman;nature
The thing that gave me the most pain in life, psychologically, and it gave me tremendous pain psychologically, is man's disrespect for nature.;Joni Mitchell;nature
I pity the young woman who will attempt to insinuate herself between my mama's boy and me. I sympathize with the monumental nature of her task. It will take a crowbar, two bulldozers and half a dozen Molotov cocktails to pry my Oedipus and me loose from one another.;Ayelet Waldman;nature
Human nature is not black and white but black and grey.;Graham Greene;nature
Dreams come true without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.;John Updike;nature
Greed is a basic part of animal nature. Being against it is like being against breathing or eating. It means nothing.;Ben Stein;nature
The whole order of nature evinces a progressive march towards a higher life.;H. P. Blavatsky;nature
A poem need not have a meaning and like most things in nature often does not have.;Wallace Stevens;nature
I'd love to go back to Europe in the '20s and '30s, for the beginning of the Psychoanalytic Movement, and Freud and Jung, and all that was going on with discoveries in quantum physics. The whole nature of reality was changing and being challenged.;Michael Sheen;nature
Sound is the vocabulary of nature.;Pierre Schaeffer;nature
Many difficulties which nature throws in our way, may be smoothed away by the exercise of intelligence.;Titus Livius;nature
Human judges can show mercy. But against the laws of nature, there is no appeal.;Arthur C. Clarke;nature
Now it is human nature to want to eat to ones fill when hungry, to want to warm up when cold, to want to rest when tired. These all are a part of people's emotional nature.;Xun Zi;nature
