Breathe-in experience, breathe-out poetry.;Muriel Rukeyser;poetry
Even when poetry has a meaning, as it usually has, it may be inadvisable to draw it out... Perfect understanding will sometimes almost extinguish pleasure.;A. E. Housman;poetry
Every single soul is a poem.;Michael Franti;poetry
A poem can have an impact, but you can't expect an audience to understand all the nuances.;Douglas Dunn;poetry
Poetry is language at its most distilled and most powerful.;Rita Dove;poetry
Each memorable verse of a true poet has two or three times the written content.;Alfred de Musset;poetry
The moment of change is the only poem.;Adrienne Rich;poetry
To read a poem is to hear it with our eyes to hear it is to see it with our ears.;Octavio Paz;poetry
You don't have to suffer to be a poet adolescence is enough suffering for anyone.;John Ciardi;poetry
I sometimes talk about the making of a poem within the poem.;Howard Nemerov;poetry
Poetry is thoughts that breathe, and words that burn.;Thomas Gray;poetry
If you read quickly to get through a poem to what it means, you have missed the body of the poem.;M. H. Abrams;poetry
The poem is a little myth of man's capacity of making life meaningful. And in the end, the poem is not a thing we see-it is, rather, a light by which we may see-and what we see is life.;Robert Penn Warren;poetry
The poet may be used as a barometer, but let us not forget that he is also part of the weather.;Lionel Trilling;poetry
Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads.;Marianne Moore;poetry
The novel is born of disillusionment the poem, of despair.;Jose Bergamin;poetry
Everyone thinks they're going to write one book of poems or one novel.;Marilyn Hacker;poetry
Sometimes poetry is inspired by the conversation entered into by reading other poems.;John Barton;poetry
I still read Donne, particularly his love poems.;Carol Ann Duffy;poetry
I like poems that are little games.;Peter Davison;poetry
Poetry is the revelation of a feeling that the poet believes to be interior and personal which the reader recognizes as his own.;Salvatore Quasimodo;poetry
Usually a life turned into a poem is misrepresented.;Mark Strand;poetry
Pain is filtered in a poem so that it becomes finally, in the end, pleasure.;Mark Strand;poetry
Poets are soldiers that liberate words from the steadfast possession of definition.;Eli Khamarov;poetry
You don't make a poem with ideas, but with words.;Stephane Mallarme;poetry
A poem might be defined as thinking about feelings - about human feelings and frailties.;Anne Stevenson;poetry
Each word bears its weight, so you have to read my poems quite slowly.;Anne Stevenson;poetry
We all write poems it is simply that poets are the ones who write in words.;John Fowles;poetry
There'll always be working people in my poems because I grew up with them, and I am a poet of memory.;Philip Levine;poetry
One will never again look at a birch tree, after the Robert Frost poem, in exactly the same way.;Paul Muldoon;poetry
You don't help people in your poems. I've been trying to help people all my life - that's my trouble.;Charles Olson;poetry
Wanted: a needle swift enough to sew this poem into a blanket.;Charles Simic;poetry
A poem conveys not a message so much as the provenance of a message, an advent of sense.;Thomas Harrison;poetry
However, if a poem can be reduced to a prose sentence, there can't be much to it.;James Schuyler;poetry
How do poems grow? They grow out of your life.;Robert Penn Warren;poetry
The poem is the point at which our strength gave out.;Richard Rosen;poetry
Poetry is an orphan of silence. The words never quite equal the experience behind them.;Charles Simic;poetry
Poetry is plucking at the heartstrings, and making music with them.;Dennis Gabor;poetry
Pure mathematics is, in its way, the poetry of logical ideas.;Albert Einstein;poetry
All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry.;Edgar Allan Poe;poetry
When power leads man toward arrogance, poetry reminds him of his limitations. When power narrows the area of man's concern, poetry reminds him of the richness and diversity of existence. When power corrupts, poetry cleanses.;John F. Kennedy;poetry
Listen, real poetry doesn't say anything it just ticks off the possibilities. Opens all doors. You can walk through anyone that suits you.;Jim Morrison;poetry
I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled poets to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean.;Socrates;poetry
If my poetry aims to achieve anything, it's to deliver people from the limited ways in which they see and feel.;Jim Morrison;poetry
Poetry is finer and more philosophical than history for poetry expresses the universal, and history only the particular.;Aristotle;poetry
Hence poetry is something more philosophic and of graver import than history, since its statements are rather of the nature of universals, whereas those of history are singulars.;Aristotle;poetry
I read poetry to save time.;Marilyn Monroe;poetry
I don't think I've ever read poetry, ever.;Eminem;poetry
I'm sorry, man, but I've got magic. I've got poetry in my fingertips. Most of the time - and this includes naps - I'm an F-18, bro. And I will destroy you in the air. I will deploy my ordinance to the ground.;Charlie Sheen;poetry
I think that there is nothing, not even crime, more opposed to poetry, to philosophy, ay, to life itself than this incessant business.;Henry David Thoreau;poetry
Poetry is a way of taking life by the throat.;Robert Frost;poetry
Poetry is about the grief. Politics is about the grievance.;Robert Frost;poetry
Wine is bottled poetry.;Robert Louis Stevenson;poetry
With me poetry has not been a purpose, but a passion.;Edgar Allan Poe;poetry
It's not easy to define poetry.;Bob Dylan;poetry
I would define, in brief, the poetry of words as the rhythmical creation of Beauty.;Edgar Allan Poe;poetry
Some people go to priests others to poetry I to my friends.;Virginia Woolf;poetry
The beauty, the poetry of the fear in their eyes. I didn't mind going to jail for, what, five, six hours? It was absolutely worth it.;Johnny Depp;poetry
Personality is everything in art and poetry.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;poetry
If I read a book and it makes my whole body so cold no fire can ever warm me, I know that is poetry.;Emily Dickinson;poetry
Science arose from poetry... when times change the two can meet again on a higher level as friends.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;poetry
Superstition is the poetry of life.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;poetry
It is time to get drunk! So as not to be the martyred slaves of Time, get drunk get drunk without stopping! On wine, on poetry, or on virtue, as you wish.;Charles Baudelaire;poetry
Poetry has done enough when it charms, but prose must also convince.;H. L. Mencken;poetry
Poetry may make us from time to time a little more aware of the deeper, unnamed feelings which form the substratum of our being, to which we rarely penetrate for our lives are mostly a constant evasion of ourselves.;T. S. Eliot;poetry
Love is the poetry of the senses.;Honore de Balzac;poetry
The true spirit of delight, the exaltation, the sense of being more than Man, which is the touchstone of the highest excellence, is to be found in mathematics as surely as poetry.;Bertrand Russell;poetry
Every age has its own poetry in every age the circumstances of history choose a nation, a race, a class to take up the torch by creating situations that can be expressed or transcended only through poetry.;Jean-Paul Sartre;poetry
As things are, and as fundamentally they must always be, poetry is not a career, but a mug's game. No honest poet can ever feel quite sure of the permanent value of what he has written: He may have wasted his time and messed up his life for nothing.;T. S. Eliot;poetry
The drama is complete poetry. The ode and the epic contain it only in germ it contains both of them in a state of high development, and epitomizes both.;Victor Hugo;poetry
Rhyme, that enslaved queen, that supreme charm of our poetry, that creator of our meter.;Victor Hugo;poetry
If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry.;Emily Dickinson;poetry
Poetry is the spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings: it takes its origin from emotion recollected in tranquility.;William Wordsworth;poetry
Poetry fettered, fetters the human race. Nations are destroyed or flourish in proportion as their poetry, painting, and music are destroyed or flourish.;William Blake;poetry
When it comes to atoms, language can be used only as in poetry. The poet, too, is not nearly so concerned with describing facts as with creating images.;Niels Bohr;poetry
Poetry should help, not only to refine the language of the time, but to prevent it from changing too rapidly.;T. S. Eliot;poetry
Why should poetry have to make sense?;Charlie Chaplin;poetry
The business of the poet is not to find new emotions, but to use the ordinary ones and, in working them up into poetry, to express feelings which are not in actual emotions at all.;T. S. Eliot;poetry
All slang is metaphor, and all metaphor is poetry.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;poetry
The Bible should be taught, but emphatically not as reality. It is fiction, myth, poetry, anything but reality. As such it needs to be taught because it underlies so much of our literature and our culture.;Richard Dawkins;poetry
There is no Frigate like a book to take us lands away nor any coursers like a page of prancing Poetry.;Emily Dickinson;poetry
Poetry surrounds us everywhere, but putting it on paper is, alas, not so easy as looking at it.;Vincent Van Gogh;poetry
Poetry is the art of substantiating shadows, and of lending existence to nothing.;Edmund Burke;poetry
I love romantic poetry.;Richard Dawkins;poetry
The poetry of the earth is never dead.;John Keats;poetry
Poetry should surprise by a fine excess and not by singularity, it should strike the reader as a wording of his own highest thoughts, and appear almost a remembrance.;John Keats;poetry
We make out of the quarrel with others, rhetoric, but of the quarrel with ourselves, poetry.;William Butler Yeats;poetry
Ye stars! which are the poetry of heaven!;Lord Byron;poetry
It is written on the arched sky it looks out from every star. It is the poetry of Nature it is that which uplifts the spirit within us.;John Ruskin;poetry
A man of eighty has outlived probably three new schools of painting, two of architecture and poetry and a hundred in dress.;Lord Byron;poetry
The greatest thing a human soul ever does in this world... to see clearly is poetry, prophecy and religion all in one.;John Ruskin;poetry
It is the hour to be drunken! to escape being the martyred slaves of time, be ceaselessly drunk. On wine, on poetry, or on virtue, as you wish.;Charles Baudelaire;poetry
We especially need imagination in science. It is not all mathematics, nor all logic, but it is somewhat beauty and poetry.;Maria Montessori;poetry
It's bad poetry executed by people that can't sing. That's my definition of Rap.;Peter Steele;poetry
The gross heathenism of civilization has generally destroyed nature, and poetry, and all that is spiritual.;John Muir;poetry
Poetry is something to make us wiser and better, by continually revealing those types of beauty and truth, which God has set in all men's souls.;James Russell Lowell;poetry
Poetry is the one place where people can speak their original human mind. It is the outlet for people to say in public what is known in private.;Allen Ginsberg;poetry
Real friendship, like real poetry, is extremely rare - and precious as a pearl.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;poetry
Nobody, I think, ought to read poetry, or look at pictures or statues, who cannot find a great deal more in them than the poet or artist has actually expressed. Their highest merit is suggestiveness.;Nathaniel Hawthorne;poetry
