My dad died when I was three so my mom had to raise four kids on her own, and I think there's a part of me that pulls upon having watched my mom do that our whole lives. She had to make it work.;Leslie Bibb;dad
Usually a family is led through the mom or the dad and their career and for the family to be led by my career, even though God has led it, could be a lot of pressure.;Stacie Orrico;dad
No one was more important than my mom and dad. I know they are watching from a place up in heaven here today to make sure all their kids are doing good.;Eddie Murray;dad
My dad recently reminded me that my grandfather's cousin was Lefty Frizzell.;Parker Posey;dad
I was brought up in a car family, my dad loved cars and I was taught the art of making an Austin 7 operate.;Nick Mason;dad
My dad's an architect and my mom owned a French bakery for twelve years.;Alison Lohman;dad
My mum was very conscious about fashion and my dad was born into the tailoring tradition, so fashion has always been my life, although now, really, I wear the same thing - just in different weights - light and heavy cashmere in winter and cotton in summer.;Domenico Dolce;dad
I always told my dad I'd play professional football.;Anthony Doerr;dad
My dad doesn't like religion much, but I grew up very close to the Baptist tradition. God isn't this distant thing. God is right here with you all the time. He's your buddy, and you can talk about everything.;Lucy Alibar;dad
My dad was an inventor, and I think I've always had a rosy view of technology, or at least its potential.;Scott McCloud;dad
My dad, like many Southern men, is this very emotionally expressive person who isn't as articulate in words about his feelings as he is with breaking a chair or something like that.;Lucy Alibar;dad
My dad was an engineer and so I had this picture of science and technology and pursuits of the mind as being more impressive than artistic pursuits, which I saw a as kind of frivolous.;Scott McCloud;dad
I also turn down what's probably a good amount of coinage to be made out of playing dads, an incredible number of obnoxious dad.;Bill Pullman;dad
My mom and dad - they were always there. They were always on the set. They focused on our family life. The entertainment business wasn't the end-all. They weren't out to get the next big paycheck or the next big movie. It was about 'What can we do as a family.';Candace Cameron Bure;dad
I lost my mother, who suffered from Alzheimer's disease, and we had to relocate my dad after 58 years in the family home. That was tough.;Doug Davidson;dad
You know that family is going to be there for you no matter what. My dad gave me a freakin' kidney!;Sarah Hyland;dad
I have mostly been terrified of listening to scary stories around a campfire. We camp a lot as a family, and at night my dad would try and tell us scary stories. This made eating s'mores difficult. The story would start with something like... 'and the old man who lived in these woods...' I would then run back into the camper terrified.;Willow Shields;dad
Everyone gets surprised because neither one of my parents play golf. Like I said in my speech, my aunt and uncle really love golf, and we visited them, and she gave me two clubs. Like people think when they don't know who my dad is, they think he's my coach.;Lydia Ko;dad
My sensei was a British karate champion named Brian Fitkin. He was my mentor and because I had a hard relationship with my dad, he became a father figure to me.;Dolph Lundgren;dad
To me I'm just a regular person going to the mall with friends, and now I'm in Forever 21 and I see this random group of girls staring at me and taking pictures. But now I usually have my dad, who is a really tall and intimidating person with me, so he's kind of my bodyguard.;Rebecca Black;dad
Save a boyfriend for a rainy day - and another, in case it doesn't rain.;Mae West;dating
Falling in love and having a relationship are two different things.;Keanu Reeves;dating
I don't have a girlfriend. But I do know a woman who'd be mad at me for saying that.;Mitch Hedberg;dating
You can't stop loving or wanting to love because when its right it's the best thing in the world. When you're in a relationship and its good, even if nothing else in your life is right, you feel like your whole world is complete.;Keith Sweat;dating
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgment of others.;Wayne Dyer;dating
If there hadn't been women we'd still be squatting in a cave eating raw meat, because we made civilization in order to impress our girlfriends.;Orson Welles;dating
Nothing is perfect. Life is messy. Relationships are complex. Outcomes are uncertain. People are irrational.;Hugh Mackay;dating
I'm not the girl who always has a boyfriend. I'm the girl who rarely has a boyfriend.;Taylor Swift;dating
I like the bad-boy types. Generally the guy I'm attracted to is the guy in the club with all the tattoos and nail polish. He's usually the lead singer in a punk band and plays guitar. But my serious boyfriends are relatively clean-cut, nice guys. So it's strange.;Megan Fox;dating
There's only two people in your life you should lie to... the police and your girlfriend.;Jack Nicholson;dating
Smart women love smart men more than smart men love smart women.;Natalie Portman;dating
Assumptions are the termites of relationships.;Henry Winkler;dating
I'm quite sensitive to women. I saw how my sister got treated by boyfriends. I read this thing that said when you are in a relationship with a woman, imagine how you would feel if you were her father. That's been my approach, for the most part.;Orlando Bloom;dating
Nothing defines humans better than their willingness to do irrational things in the pursuit of phenomenally unlikely payoffs. This is the principle behind lotteries, dating, and religion.;Scott Adams;dating
It seems essential, in relationships and all tasks, that we concentrate only on what is most significant and important.;Soren Kierkegaard;dating
A relationship requires a lot of work and commitment.;Greta Scacchi;dating
However successful you are, there is no substitute for a close relationship. We all need them.;Francesca Annis;dating
Do not just look at your boyfriend as just a boyfriend. Look at him as a friend, too.;Vanessa Hudgens;dating
Treasure your relationships, not your possessions.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;dating
Personally, I don't like a girlfriend to have a husband. If she'll fool her husband, I figure she'll fool me.;Orson Welles;dating
Right now I'm pretty single... My career is my boyfriend.;Christina Aguilera;dating
You know, the man of my dreams might walk round the corner tomorrow. I'm older and wiser and I think I'd make a great girlfriend. I live in the realm of romantic possibility.;Stevie Nicks;dating
People could rationally decide that prolonged relationships take up too much time and effort and that they'd much rather do other kinds of things. But most people are afraid of rejection.;Albert Ellis;dating
You know when I feel inwardly beautiful? When I am with my girlfriends and we are having a 'goddess circle'.;Jennifer Aniston;dating
I am a hopeless romantic and I love to spoil my girlfriends.;Orlando Bloom;dating
I used to be a real prince charming if I went on a date with a girl. But then I'd get to where I was likely to have a stroke from the stress of keeping up my act. I've since learned the key to a good date is to pay attention on her.;Matthew Perry;dating
Well, a girlfriend once told me never to fight with anybody you don't love.;Jack Nicholson;dating
If you can lie, you can act, and if you can lie to crazy girlfriends, you can act under pressure.;Joe Rogan;dating
If you don't have a valentine, hang out with your girlfriends, don't go looking for someone. When it's right, they'll come to you.;Carmen Electra;dating
I don't know the first real thing about the dating game. I don't know how to talk to a specific person and connect. I just think you have to go to person by person and do the best you can with people in general.;Jason Schwartzman;dating
I'm 31 now. I think I'm beginning to understand what life is, what romance is, and what a relationship means.;Adam Sandler;dating
My boyfriend and I broke up. He wanted to get married and I didn't want him to.;Rita Rudner;dating
Watching your daughter being collected by her date feels like handing over a million dollar Stradivarius to a gorilla.;Jim Bishop;dating
I can't even find someone for a platonic relationship, much less the kind where someone wants to see me naked.;Gilbert Gottfried;dating
If you're a sports fan you realize that when you meet somebody, like a girlfriend, they kind of have to root for your team. They don't have a choice.;Jimmy Fallon;dating
I suppose I was a little bit of what would be called today a nerd. I didn't have girlfriends, and really I wasn't a very social boy.;Charles Kuralt;dating
I don't understand the whole dating thing. I know right off the bat if I'm interested in someone, and I don't want them to waste their money on me and take me out to eat if I know I'm not interested in that person.;Britney Spears;dating
Everything I buy is vintage and smells funny. Maybe that's why I don't have a boyfriend.;Lucy Liu;dating
Practically all the relationships I know are based on a foundation of lies and mutually accepted delusion.;Kim Cattrall;dating
Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese.;Nick Cannon;dating
I've been dating since I was fifteen. I'm exhausted. Where is he?;Kristin Davis;dating
I've never been Romeo who meets a girl and falls for her immediately. It's been a much slower process for me each time I've gone into a relationship.;Leonardo DiCaprio;dating
I change my mind so much I need two boyfriends and a girlfriend.;Pink;dating
I'm dating a woman now who, evidently, is unaware of it.;Garry Shandling;dating
I've had enough boyfriends and enough issues. I'd seen enough train wrecks.;Taylor Dayne;dating
If your best friend has stolen your girlfriend, it does become life and death.;Ben Kingsley;dating
I was dating this guy and we would spend all day text messaging each other. And he thought that he could tell that he liked me more because he actually spelt the word 'YOU' and I just put the letter 'U'.;Kelly Osbourne;dating
Which is, I'm an optimist that two people can be together to work out their conflicts. And that commitment, I think, might be what love is, because they both grow from their relationship.;Garry Shandling;dating
I didn't have a financial need, and I wasn't very gifted at relationships. I probably was more like what we think of boys as being: hard to pin down and wary of commitment.;Candice Bergen;dating
My boyfriend calls me 'princess', but I think of myself more along the lines of 'monkey' and 'retard'.;Alicia Silverstone;dating
We are constantly protecting the male ego, and it's a disservice to men. If a man has any sensitivity or intelligence, he wants to get the straight scoop from his girlfriend.;Betty Dodson;dating
Thank God I never got in a fight. All of the jock dudes hated me, but all of their girlfriends thought I was nice so they wouldn't touch me. It was infuriating to them.;Mark Hoppus;dating
I have a lot of boyfriends, I want you to write that. Every country I visit, I have a different boyfriend. And I kiss them all.;Anna Kournikova;dating
I love being a single mom. But it's definitely different when you're dating.;Brooke Burns;dating
I always say now that I'm in my blonde years. Because since the end of my marriage, all of my girlfriends have been blonde.;Hugh Hefner;dating
Maybe the most that you can expect from a relationship that goes bad is to come out of it with a few good songs.;Marianne Faithfull;dating
Rumors about me? Calista Flockhart, Pam Anderson, and Matt Damon. That's who I'm dating.;Ben Affleck;dating
My girlfriend bought me a down jacket, she said it fit my personality.;Jay London;dating
You show your vulnerability through relationships, and those feelings are your soft spot. You need to have a soft spot.;Victoria Pratt;dating
Last year my boyfriend gave me a painting - a very personal one. I really prefer personal gifts or ones made by someone for me. Except diamonds. That's the exception to the rule.;Minnie Driver;dating
Things were a lot simpler in Detroit. I didn't care about anything but boyfriends.;Madonna Ciccone;dating
I have stepped off the relationship scene to come to terms with myself. I have spent most of my adult life being 'someone's girlfriend', and now I am happy being single.;Penelope Cruz;dating
I think if I could have a boyfriend like my brothers I'd be really happy. But without the brother thing.;Patricia Velasquez;dating
At this year's Open, I'll have five boyfriends.;Anna Kournikova;dating
I fantasize about going back to high school with the knowledge I have now. I would shine. I would have a good time, I would have a girlfriend. I think that's where a lot of my pain comes from. I think I never had any teenage years to go back to.;Spalding Gray;dating
I don't know any of us who are in relationships that are totally honest - it doesn't exist.;Richard Gere;dating
It was just that we had this phenomenal honeymoon relationship that just kept on going.;James Levine;dating
In a relationship you have to open yourself up.;Neil LaBute;dating
It's always been my personal feeling that unless you are married, there is something that is not very dignified about talking about who you are dating.;Luke Wilson;dating
Relationships in general make people a bit nervous. It's about trust. Do I trust you enough to go there?;Neil LaBute;dating
I started dating older men, and I would fall in love with them. I thought they could teach me about life.;Daphne Zuniga;dating
I think more dating stuff is scheduling. It's needing people who understand your work schedule.;Jennifer Love Hewitt;dating
It's weird, I never wish anything bad upon anybody, except two or three old girlfriends.;Carrot Top;dating
What I remember most about junior homecoming was my date getting sick afterwards. That kinda sucked. Then, senior year, someone got gum in her hair when we were dancing. She had to get one of the chaperones to take her to the office and cut up her hair. I felt really bad for her, but it worked out fine.;James Lafferty;dating
I stopped dating for six months a year ago. Dating requires a lot of energy and focus.;Daphne Zuniga;dating
Appearance is something you should definitely consider when you're going out. Have your girlfriend clip your nails or something like that.;Usher;dating
I'm not cynical about marriage or romance. I enjoyed being married. And although being single was fun for a while, there was always the risk of dating someone who'd owned a lunch box with my picture on it.;Shaun Cassidy;dating
The prospect of dating someone in her twenties becomes less appealing as you get older. At some point in your fife, your tolerance level goes down and you realize that, with someone much younger, there's nothing really to talk about.;Clint Eastwood;dating
Workshops and seminars are basically financial speed dating for clueless people.;Doug Coupland;dating
