The impressions of the spriritual experiences gave my future life its form and content.;Gustav Mahler;future
Rather than waiting for future trials to determine rules that will impact every citizen, Congress should step in and write a law that takes every American's rights into consideration.;Ron Wyden;future
The fact is that all writers create their precursors. Their work modifies our conception of the past, just as it is bound to modify the future.;Jorge Luis Borges;future
I think the future also will not belong to those who are cynical or those who stand on the sidelines.;Paul Wellstone;future
The future will belong to those who have passion and are willing to work hard to make our country better.;Paul Wellstone;future
In particular, for younger researchers on whom the future of mankind may depend. We believe that they are working with all the scientific wisdom at their disposal for the preservation of the inheritance of the earth and for the lasting survival of mankind.;Kenichi Fukui;future
I think there's a future where the Web and print coexist and they each do things uniquely and complement each other, and we have what could be the ultimate and best-yet array of journalistic venues.;Dave Eggers;future
I think it's very clear that the American people are frustrated with this move toward socialism. And so whether you're back or white, if you believe that the conservative construct is in the best interest of our future, than you too would be voting with Republicans, and if you had the opportunity to run you'd join us as well.;Tim Scott;future
The claim made by Team Obama that every dollar in stimulus translates into a dollar-and-a-half in growth is economic fiction. The costs of stimulus reduce future growth. No country has ever spent itself to prosperity. The price of stimulus has to be paid sometime.;Karl Rove;future
I've been asked to do a retrospective since I was about 28 and I always thought that was a bit odd. It's great to look forward as an artist because in the future the possibilities are infinite you look back and it's all fixed so it's a scary thing.;Damien Hirst;future
The idea of going on tour for the rest of my life with old works is not that exciting. As an artist I definitely think the work in future is going to be better than the work in the past, otherwise why do it?;Damien Hirst;future
Everything that looks to the future elevates human nature.;Walter Savage Landor;future
I was the true future. I understood Communism better than they did.;Elia Kazan;future
The law of humanity ought to be composed of the past, the present, and the future, that we bear within us whoever possesses but one of these terms, has but a fragment of the law of the moral world.;Edgar Quinet;future
The purpose of thinking about the future is not to predict it but to raise people's hopes.;Freeman Dyson;future
I see a bright future for the biotechnology industry when it follows the path of the computer industry, the path that von Neumann failed to foresee, becoming small and domesticated rather than big and centralized.;Freeman Dyson;future
You want to do your job well so that people in the future say, 'OK, he's not bad, let's hire him.';Javier Bardem;future
AARP knows the future is bright for a generation that's going to remain healthy and vital for 10, 20, 30, 40 more years. AARP has the information and resources people need throughout their process of reinvention.;Jane Pauley;future
A store's best advertisement is the service its goods render, for upon such service rest the future, the good-will, of an organization.;James Cash Penney;future
We know not of the future and cannot plan for it much.;Joshua Chamberlain;future
If the euro zone doesn't come up with a comprehensive vision of its own future, you'll have a whole range of nationalist, xenophobic and extreme movements increasing across the European Union. And, frankly, questions about the British debate on EU membership will just be a small sideshow compared to the rise of political populism.;Nick Clegg;future
Having your fiscal house in order and having a more manageable macro-economic future is going to be very useful in creating growth.;Fareed Zakaria;future
It is strange. I see all the privileges and greatness of the future. It already looks grand, beautiful. Tell them I went lovingly, trustfully, peacefully.;Thomas Starr King;future
Success follows those adept at preserving the substance of the past by clothing it in the forms of the future.;Dee Hock;future
I loved the house the way you would any new house, because it is populated by your future, the family of children who will fill it with noise or chaos and satisfying busy pleasures.;Jane Smiley;future
Everybody has to be able to participate in a future that they want to live for. That's what technology can do.;Dean Kamen;future
True revolutionaries are like God - they create the world in their own image. Our awesome responsibility to ourselves, to our children, and to the future is to create ourselves in the image of goodness, because the future depends on the nobility of our imaginings.;Barbara Grizzuti Harrison;future
I'm a big laser believer - I really think they are the wave of the future.;Courteney Cox;future
We go on dates thinking that person is our future husband or wife, without getting to know them, as we live in a fantasy and an illusion of romance.;Patti Stanger;future
A ring means a commitment. But more than that, it means that you've talked about your shared future and have decided together on a shared vision of it.;Patti Stanger;future
A nation that does not stand for its children does not stand for anything and will not stand tall in the future.;Marian Wright Edelman;future
There is a different future that is available to North Korea, if they choose differently.;Mitchell Reiss;future
With respect to the environment in our state and our state's future - in addition to water which is very important here - I think it is crucial for him to make a sincere commitment to energy efficiency, fuel efficiency, by helping us to produce those cars of the future.;Jennifer Granholm;future
With Michigan's economic future on the line, we can't afford to have our 500 local school districts marching in different directions. Instead, we need a high standards, mandatory curriculum to get all our students on the road to higher education and a good paying job.;Jennifer Granholm;future
Well, clearly, for me in the immediate future, it is grappling, like so many other governors are grappling, with the economic woes of these states. We were all hoping to see some federal relief.;Jennifer Granholm;future
The civil unrest of recent days must come to an end, and the healing process must begin for the future of the community. We will provide assistance both in ending the violence and enabling the healing process in Benton Harbor.;Jennifer Granholm;future
That's one of the most exciting things about Michigan's future. We need to, we must capitalize on our alternative-energy vehicles that we can produce right here.;Jennifer Granholm;future
I've been doing musical theater since I was a kid. And look for a CD from me in the future. I want to write all the songs!;Zac Efron;future
Every educated person is a future enemy.;Martin Bormann;future
Cartooning is a wonderful career, and I'd like more women to get to have it. I can't think of any reason why we won't see more syndicated female cartoonists in the future.;Cathy Guisewite;future
The fighter loses more than his pride in the fight he loses part of his future. He's a step closer to the slum he came from.;Floyd Patterson;future
The future has a way of arriving unannounced.;George Will;future
Yeah, it's odd when you look back at your own work. Some filmmakers don't look back at their work at all. I look at my work a lot, actually. I feel like I learned something while looking at stuff I've done in terms of what I'm going to do in the future, mistakes I've made and things at work or what have you.;Christopher Nolan;future
I would tell 17-year-olds to be proud of who you are. Don't try to change yourself for others. Focus on school and your future. Boys and friends will come and go, just focus on you and your future.;Lea Michele;future
Planning is bringing the future into the present so that you can do something about it now.;Alan Lakein;future
I said tonight I wanted to talk to you about love. Look into your hearts. This is our country. This is our future. These are our children and grandchildren. You can trust Mitt.;Ann Romney;future
Let them look to the past, but let them also look to the future let them look to the land of their ancestors, but let them look also to the land of their children.;Wilfrid Laurier;future
Cambodia possesses now the rights to look far into the future and everything for making a future construction is waiting for the Cambodian own efforts.;Hun Sen;future
There are no limits to our future if we don't put limits on our people.;Jack Kemp;future
Hollywood has its own way of telling stories. I was just telling stories that I was familiar with. And it's what I want to do in the future: I want to take my audio cinema and put it on the screen.;Ice T;future
As an American I wanted to explore... why are we the only first world country that still has capital punishment? Is it because we're too afraid to really examine the system, or is it because we really truly believe that this is the best way to deter future crime?;Jodi Picoult;future
A speculator is a man who observes the future, and acts before it occurs.;Bernard Baruch;future
There is no word for feeling nostalgic about the future, but that's what a parent's tears often are, a nostalgia for something that has not yet occurred. They are the pain of hope, the helplessness of hope, and finally, the surrender to hope.;Michael Ian Black;future
I enjoy every minute, because there are going to be a lot of moments in your future that you're going to wish you held onto longer.;Joe Nichols;future
A good education is that which prepares us for our future sphere of action and makes us contented with that situation in life in which God, in his infinite mercy, has seen fit to place us, to be perfectly resigned to our lot in life, whatever it may be.;Ann Plato;future
Advances in technology will continue to reach far into every sector of our economy. Future job and economic growth in industry, defense, transportation, agriculture, health care, and life sciences is directly related to scientific advancement.;Christopher Bond;future
No other investment yields as great a return as the investment in education. An educated workforce is the foundation of every community and the future of every economy.;Brad Henry;future
The best prophet of the future is the past.;George Byron;future
The American idea is as promising, imaginative, and full of the unexpected as the land itself. The land represents freedom - the frontier, the ability to make a new future with your own bare hands.;Anna Deavere Smith;future
I would like my architecture to inspire people to use their own resources, to move into the future.;Tadao Ando;future
I think of the past and the future as well as the present to determine where I am, and I move on while thinking of these things.;Tadao Ando;future
No, I think the future of humanity will be like the past, we'll do what we've always done and there will still be human beings. Granted, there will always be people doing something different and there are a lot of possibilities.;Octavia Butler;future
I can count all the ways in which being a mother has enriched my understanding of the world, of character, my sense of the future and my attachment to it. I can't imagine what kind of writer I'd be if I didn't have my kids.;Barbara Kingsolver;future
By doing something positive in this world, you're helping people and the future. We're all trying to help the world... make it a better place to live. We're actually still changing the world, aren't we?;Rick Danko;future
I have long considered it one of God's greatest mercies that the future is hidden from us. If it were not, life would surely be unbearable.;Eugene Forsey;future
I think experience will teach you a combination of liberalism and conservatism. We have to be progressive and at the same time we have to retain values. We have to hold onto the past as we explore the future.;Oliver Stone;future
I made education the highest priority of my campaign - actually education and jobs - and the reason is a simple one: I think the future of America depends on it.;Charles Schumer;future
Stephen King in many respects is a wonderful writer. He has made a contribution. People in the future will be able to pick up Stephen King's books and learn a lot about who we were by reading those books.;Anne Rice;future
Sometimes when I'm going to sleep, I think, 'Oh God, my future husband is out there somewhere and I might know him, or I might not, and I wonder what he's doing and I wonder if he knows me.' I just always think that's so fascinating, that even when you were two years old, your future husband was out there somewhere.;Emma Roberts;future
There's no artist in this world that doesn't enjoy the dream that if they have bad reviews now, the story of Keats can redeem them, in their fantasy or imagination, in the future. I think Keats' poem 'Endymion' is a really difficult poem, and I'm not surprised that a lot of people pulled it apart in a way.;Jane Campion;future
We must vote for hope, vote for life, vote for a brighter future for all of our loved ones.;Ed Markey;future
In Iroquois society, leaders are encouraged to remember seven generations in the past and consider seven generations in the future when making decisions that affect the people.;Wilma Mankiller;future
When my job was attempting to predict future economic developments for the Shell oil company, I was frequently reminded of an Arabic saying: 'Those who claim to foresee the future are lying, even if by chance they are later proved right.';Vince Cable;future
I believe it is essential for our planetary future to develop tools that can change the consciousness which has created the crisis that we are in.;Stanislav Grof;future
One of the most important things that I did to turn my life around was to realize and to accept that from this minute, that's all we have. Everything that happened behind us we cannot change so you might as well look to the future.;Nick Carter;future
I never have planned a whole lot of future. It's one day at a time.;Darrell Royal;future
The Arab World is writing a new future the pen is in our own hands.;Abdallah II;future
Blade Runner appears regularly, two or three times a year in various shapes and forms of science fiction. It set the pace for what is essentially urban science fiction, urban future and it's why I've never re-visited that area because I feel I've done it.;Ridley Scott;future
No one is more important to the future of our state than our teachers.;Mike Huckabee;future
Sometimes I make very selfish choices like I did 'Once Upon A Time' for my inner 8-year-old and my hypothetical future child. I've done some movies because I would regret them if I didn't, but other projects I've done because they've scared me or if I felt I needed to do a big romantic comedy to help me professionally.;Ginnifer Goodwin;future
I had been feeling a little rum. I didn't think it was anything serious because years ago I felt a lump and it was benign. I assumed this would be too. It kind of takes the wind out of your sails, and I don't know what the future holds, if anything.;Maggie Smith;future
Since fame is an illusion and death is in our future all we have is the next moment before we are swallowed into oblivion.;Al Goldstein;future
Therefore I am sure that this, my Coronation, is not the symbol of a power and a splendor that are gone but a declaration of our hopes for the future, and for the years I may, by God's Grace and Mercy, be given to reign and serve you as your Queen.;Queen Elizabeth II;future
When you're poor, you know nothing about the future, you know nothing about the world, nothing that goes on outside 300 yards around you.;Lee Trevino;future
President Obama's 100-day plan is pretty impressive. I think it's a Wow 100-plus days. The administration is not operating from fear, it is trying to drive change for the future, and that's a good thing.;Andrea Jung;future
Like many other touchstones of twenty-first-century pop culture, 'The Sopranos' was hatched in the late Nineties, predicting a future that never arrived. It was designed for a decade that would be just like the Nineties, except more so, in an America that enjoyed seeing itself as smarter and braver and freer than ever before.;Rob Sheffield;future
Isn't it amazing the way the future succeeds in creating an appropriate past?;John Leonard;future
If younger people see older people who haven't planned ahead and have to rely on charity, the young will be more likely to provide for the future. Today when someone plans poorly, the only consequence people see is a demand for more government.;Harry Browne;future
Hollywood films have become a cesspool of formula and it's up to us to try to change it... I feel like a preacher! But it's really true. I feel personally responsible for the future of American cinema. Me personally.;Alexander Payne;future
What I'm suggesting to you is that this could be a renaissance. We may be on the cusp of a future which could provide a tremendous leap forward for humanity.;Jeremy Rifkin;future
The risk presented by these lethal wastes is like no other risk, and we should not be expected to accept it or to project it into the future in order for manufacturers and utilities to make a dollar killing now.;David R. Brower;future
Though I was excited about the Sojourner Truth play, it was not reassuring to think that my entire future might depend on the success of that one show.;Ethel Waters;future
Web 2.0 ideas have a chirpy, cheerful rhetoric to them, but I think they consistently express a profound pessimism about humans, human nature and the human future.;Jaron Lanier;future
The euro is our common fate, and Europe is our common future.;Angela Merkel;future
I don't know what the future holds, but I know that God holds tomorrow, so it is exciting. Even when I have hard things happen, He loves me so big, so much. I come through it and I grow from it, because He has got me.;Barbara Mandrell;future
So someday in the near future hopefully rather than having a foot or a leg amputated we'll just give you an injection of the cells and restore the blood flow. We've also created entire tubes of red blood cells from scratch in the laboratory. So there are a lot of exciting things in the pipeline.;Robert Lanza;future
In fact when you combine stem cell technology with the technology known as tissue engineering you can actually grow up entire organs, so as you suggest that sometime in the future you get in an auto accident and lose your kidney, we'd simply take a few skin cells and grow you up a new kidney. In fact this has already been done.;Robert Lanza;future
I would say that there is no future for literary studies as such in the United States.;Harold Bloom;future
I see Turkey's future as being in Europe, as one of many prosperous, tolerant, democratic countries.;Orhan Pamuk;future
