Failure is the key to success each mistake teaches us something.;Morihei Ueshiba;success
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;success
Eighty percent of success is showing up.;Woody Allen;success
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;success
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.;George S. Patton;success
The starting point of all achievement is desire.;Napoleon Hill;success
In this world it is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.;Henry Ward Beecher;success
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way.;Christopher Morley;success
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.;Arnold H. Glasow;success
Most people give up just when they're about to achieve success. They quit on the one yard line. They give up at the last minute of the game one foot from a winning touchdown.;Ross Perot;success
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.;Benjamin Disraeli;success
I couldn't wait for success, so I went ahead without it.;Jonathan Winters;success
If you want to achieve things in life, you've just got to do them, and if you're talented and smart, you'll succeed.;Juliana Hatfield;success
Our worldly successes cannot be guaranteed, but our ability to achieve spiritual success is entirely up to us, thanks to the grace of God. The best advice I know is to give is to give those worldly things your best but never your all - reserve the ultimate hope for the only one who can grant it.;Mitt Romney;success
The greatest sign of success for a teacher... is to be able to say, 'The children are now working as if I did not exist.';Maria Montessori;success
The common idea that success spoils people by making them vain, egotistic and self-complacent is erroneous on the contrary it makes them, for the most part, humble, tolerant and kind.;W. Somerset Maugham;success
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents.;Salvador Dali;success
Success is falling nine times and getting up ten.;Jon Bon Jovi;success
If you wish to succeed in life, make perseverance your bosom friend, experience your wise counselor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.;Joseph Addison;success
Success is dependent on effort.;Sophocles;success
They succeed, because they think they can.;Virgil;success
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.;William Feather;success
The measure of success is not whether you have a tough problem to deal with, but whether it is the same problem you had last year.;John Foster Dulles;success
Success is blocked by concentrating on it and planning for it... Success is shy - it won't come out while you're watching.;Tennessee Williams;success
It's our nature: Human beings like success but they hate successful people.;Carrot Top;success
Success is the child of drudgery and perseverance. It cannot be coaxed or bribed pay the price and it is yours.;Orison Swett Marden;success
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.;W. Clement Stone;success
Success in almost any field depends more on energy and drive than it does on intelligence. This explains why we have so many stupid leaders.;Sloan Wilson;success
Failure is not an option. Everyone has to succeed.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;success
Success is the one unpardonable sin against our fellows.;Ambrose Bierce;success
Success is counted sweetest by those who never succeed.;Emily Dickinson;success
How can they say my life is not a success? Have I not for more than sixty years got enough to eat and escaped being eaten?;Logan P. Smith;success
After I won the Oscar, my salary doubled, my friends tripled, my children became more popular at school, my butcher made a pass at me, and my maid hit me up for a raise.;Shirley Jones;success
Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety.;Aeschylus;success
Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it.;Sam Ewing;success
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble.;Shahrukh Khan;success
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.;Lily Tomlin;success
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage.;Charles Luckman;success
Success is like death. The more successful you become, the higher the houses in the hills get and the higer the fences get.;Kevin Spacey;success
Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves.;Larry King;success
Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile, personal goals.;Paul J. Meyer;success
The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure.;B. C. Forbes;success
Nothing succeeds like success.;Alexandre Dumas;success
We fall forward to succeed.;Mary Kay Ash;success
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.;Earl Wilson;success
The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success.;Irving Berlin;success
Nothing recedes like success.;Walter Winchell;success
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction.;Al Bernstein;success
The five essential entrepreneurial skills for success: Concentration, Discrimination, Organization, Innovation and Communication.;Harold S. Geneen;success
Success to me is having ten honeydew melons and eating only the top half of each slice.;Barbra Streisand;success
Success doesn't mean that you are healthy, success doesn't mean that you're happy, success doesn't mean that you're rested. Success really doesn't mean that you look good, or feel good, or are good.;Victoria Principal;success
It's not enough that I should succeed - others should fail.;David Merrick;success
Success is the space one occupies in the newspaper. Success is one day's insolence.;Elias Canetti;success
The one phrase you can use is that success has a thousand fathers, and failure is an orphan.;Alan Price;success
Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties.;Helen Keller;success
My mother was the most beautiful woman I ever saw. All I am I owe to my mother. I attribute all my success in life to the moral, intellectual and physical education I received from her.;George Washington;success
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.;Helen Keller;success
We should measure welfare's success by how many people leave welfare, not by how many are added.;Ronald Reagan;success
Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty.;John F. Kennedy;success
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty.;Zig Ziglar;success
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.;Swami Sivananda;success
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.;Vince Lombardi;success
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.;Colin Powell;success
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with success unexpected in common hours.;Henry David Thoreau;success
That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.;Abraham Lincoln;success
Israel was not created in order to disappear - Israel will endure and flourish. It is the child of hope and the home of the brave. It can neither be broken by adversity nor demoralized by success. It carries the shield of democracy and it honors the sword of freedom.;John F. Kennedy;success
The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire the size of your dream and how you handle disappointment along the way.;Robert Kiyosaki;success
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.;Vince Lombardi;success
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.;Napoleon Hill;success
The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you. If you do that, you're in control of your life. If you don't, life controls you.;Tony Robbins;success
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.;John D. Rockefeller;success
I believe that being successful means having a balance of success stories across the many areas of your life. You can't truly be considered successful in your business life if your home life is in shambles.;Zig Ziglar;success
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.;Alexander Graham Bell;success
It has always seemed strange to me... the things we admire in men, kindness and generosity, openness, honesty, understanding and feeling, are the concomitants of failure in our system. And those traits we detest, sharpness, greed, acquisitiveness, meanness, egotism and self-interest, are the traits of success. And while men admire the quality of the first they love the produce of the second.;John Steinbeck;success
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.;Elbert Hubbard;success
Part of the secret of a success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside.;Mark Twain;success
Before success comes in any man's life, he's sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit. That's exactly what the majority of men do.;Napoleon Hill;success
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.;Bill Gates;success
Like success, failure is many things to many people. With Positive Mental Attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again.;W. Clement Stone;success
Dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. Hard work is the price we must pay for success. I think you can accomplish anything if you're willing to pay the price.;Vince Lombardi;success
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning.;Benjamin Franklin;success
The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;success
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming.;John Wooden;success
Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure. The way you think about a fact may defeat you before you ever do anything about it. You are overcome by the fact because you think you are.;Norman Vincent Peale;success
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.;Thomas A. Edison;success
Success comes from taking the initiative and following up... persisting... eloquently expressing the depth of your love. What simple action could you take today to produce a new momentum toward success in your life?;Tony Robbins;success
Desire is the key to motivation, but it's determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.;Mario Andretti;success
Success is like reaching an important birthday and finding you're exactly the same.;Audrey Hepburn;success
Money and success don't change people they merely amplify what is already there.;Will Smith;success
I have learned, that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.;Henry David Thoreau;success
Applause waits on success.;Benjamin Franklin;success
Never lose sight of the fact that the most important yardstick of your success will be how you treat other people - your family, friends, and coworkers, and even strangers you meet along the way.;Barbara Bush;success
The best revenge is massive success.;Frank Sinatra;success
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.;Mark Caine;success
The superior man makes the difficulty to be overcome his first interest success only comes later.;Confucius;success
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.;George Bernard Shaw;success
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!;Doug Larson;success
Success makes so many people hate you. I wish it wasn't that way. It would be wonderful to enjoy success without seeing envy in the eyes of those around you.;Marilyn Monroe;success
Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will.;Nelson Mandela;success
