You have to watch all sides of your advancement, you have to make sure people's bodies and minds are healthy and their morale is cool before you can really go out and play great music.;Shirley Manson;music
I love rock-n-roll. I think it's an exciting art form. It's revolutionary. Still revolutionary and it changed people. It changed their hearts. But yeah, even rock-n-roll has a lot of rubbish, really bad music.;Nick Cave;music
Choreography is mentally draining, but there's a pleasure in getting into the studio with the dancers and the music.;Alvin Ailey;music
Everywhere I go I buy new music shirts.;Shaun White;music
Music is universal too. Even deaf people like to dance, love rhythm, and can kind of pick it up.;Rainn Wilson;music
Hopefully people can see my music is tethered to my brain.;John Mayer;music
I'm a good music provider, and I'm fine with that. I'm a quality music manufacturer.;John Mayer;music
I don't write poems and put them to music. Just let things flow.;Martin Gore;music
I scientifically engineer my music to be as accessible as possible.;John Mayer;music
It's almost charity work, what people have done, turning other people on to my music.;John Mayer;music
I just change with the times. I really don't have a say in what's going on. Music was here before me.;Snoop Dogg;music
Very much like that, and very much a loner, do you know and I didn't fit really into sport or all kind of group activities as a kid, I couldn't find a niche. And music was not really part of the kind of village curriculum it would, you know.;Eric Clapton;music
Although they can do it all the time, you know, they're far better than me, on a musically, on a theoretical music level. You know, they're out of my league.;Eric Clapton;music
Music became a healer for me.;Eric Clapton;music
When all the original blues guys are gone, you start to realize that someone has to tend to the tradition. I recognize that I have some responsibility to keep the music alive, and it's a pretty honorable position to be in.;Eric Clapton;music
But I did go to music really early on, even when I was 4 or 5, I was responding to music probably in ways other kids were not.;Eric Clapton;music
The way I feel about music is that there is no right and wrong. Only true and false.;Fiona Apple;music
I always knew I'd be in music in some sort of capacity. I didn't know if I'd be successful at it, but I knew I'd be doing something in it. Maybe get a job in a record store. Maybe even play in a band. I never got into this to be a star.;Bryan Adams;music
I like to make music, I like rap music. Even if I'm white, I support that music. If I want to support it or any other white kid wants to support it more power to them.;Kid Rock;music
That's what I love from metal, and that's what I love from hip-hop. That's what I love from any music that's hard, that's got an edge to it-The attitude in it.;Kid Rock;music
I've never believed that pop music is escapist trash. There's always a darkness in it, even amidst great pop music.;Thom Yorke;music
I always believed in the music we did and that's why it was uncompromising.;Jimmy Page;music
I love 70's music.;Laura Linney;music
Music is what our feelings sound like.;Vera Farmiga;music
Also, because people like to multitask, in a way if you've got a bit of music on in the background and the lyrical content is making you want to listen to it, then that would probably put you off the texting you wanted to do. I think people like things that just make that right kind of noise, but leave your brain free to do something else.;Jarvis Cocker;music
Music is a language and different people who come along are each using that language to do something different, but all coming at it in a similar vein inasmuch as it's always community based and for the most part nonprofit. Most bands don't ever come within a mile of profit - clearly these people are not playing music to make money.;Ian MacKaye;music
Put you energy into music. If it fails you, you can become an accountant or a dentist. And then if you become a dentist or an accountant, it's too late to become a musician afterwards.;Peter Tork;music
We forget that this music, music made by my brothers and sisters, is still a baby. It's just beginning. When I think of the possibilities, it makes me smile.;Barry White;music
You can never stop discovering music.;Rashida Jones;music
What's missing from pop music is danger.;Prince;music
Music is hugely important to me.;Rashida Jones;music
You listen to a piece of music and it will remind you of something - it might make you happy, it might make you sad, but it is very emotive. And I think that Duran Duran have always understood that.;Nick Rhodes;music
Music breaks my heart constantly.;Rashida Jones;music
Comedy is like music, and the way to make the best music is to have skilled musicians in your band.;Rashida Jones;music
I don't want to be an artist, go on tour and make a video and wear sexy clothes. I would just love to make music.;Rashida Jones;music
I have one piece of music, since 1997, and I don't see it having lyrics. Where does it go in this world? So I haven't recorded it.;Joni Mitchell;music
There was this mountain village in Russia where my music was getting in on some German radio station. I remember this because music used to get up to Saskatchewan from Texas. Late at night after the local station closed down.;Joni Mitchell;music
In some ways, my gift for music and writing was born out of tragedy, really, and loss.;Joni Mitchell;music
I see music as fluid architecture.;Joni Mitchell;music
To enjoy my music, you need depth and emotionality.;Joni Mitchell;music
The considerations of a corporation, especially now, have nothing to do with art or music.;Joni Mitchell;music
I came through folk music simply because it was easy to get into it.;Joni Mitchell;music
I heard someone from the music business saying they are no longer looking for talent, they want people with a certain look and a willingness to cooperate.;Joni Mitchell;music
Writing has laws of perspective, of light and shade just as painting does, or music. If you are born knowing them, fine. If not, learn them. Then rearrange the rules to suit yourself.;Truman Capote;music
Music will always be my No. 1 passion, but I don't have to be doing it professionally. It's not really about that for me anymore. I feel like I don't have to look at it as a career. I can just rest in it and just be.;Jessica Simpson;music
When you grow up in the music industry, trying to be Britney Spears because that's what sells records and then you realize, 'All I have to do is be myself? I should have thought of that a long time ago,' it feels good to have success come from what's actually inside of you.;Jessica Simpson;music
All art constantly aspires towards the condition of music.;Walter Pater;music
I write music with an exclamation point!;Richard Wagner;music
What is music anyway? It's a form of communication, and that's why I play the kind of music that I think - that I hope - can communicate with people.;Kenny G;music
I was a good amateur but only an average professional. I soon realized that there was a limit to how far I could rise in the music business, so I left the band and enrolled at New York University.;Alan Greenspan;music
Drums just always sounded like the most fun part of that good music for me.;Levon Helm;music
For some reason, the evolutionists have not come up with an evolution-based explanation for why human beings react so powerfully to music. But surely they will.;Dennis Prager;music
I'd love to do a modern-day musical that's full of original music. To get your contemporaries to sing and dance without looking foolish and for it to be transformational and magical and all those things a musical is supposed to be.;Danny Boyle;music
In these confused times, the role of classical music is at the very core of the struggle to reassert cultural and ethical values that have always characterized our country and for which we have traditionally been honored and respected outside our shores.;Lorin Maazel;music
I tend to score with songs from Western pop music.;Danny Boyle;music
Distance doesn't exist, in fact, and neither does time. Vibrations from love or music can be felt everywhere, at all times.;Yoko Ono;music
Ain't nobody making music to not be heard and the easiest way to be heard is to be on the radio, but you should never compromise who you are, your values or your morals.;Talib Kweli;music
You can have great sequences with music, but if you don't have the acting you're bored after 15 minutes. Or not bored, but you're like, 'So what?';Danny Boyle;music
We talk a lot on 'Biggest Loser' about how fitness is a natural antidepressant, how it burns off stress. What I like about running is that it gives me time alone. I'm always busy, with people at work, with my kids. I love getting out for a run by myself and just listening to my music.;Alison Sweeney;music
I'm not trying to keep up or adapt. I'm allowing myself to grow, evolve and create new music.;LL Cool J;music
I love that sense of change that you'd get in pop music every three minutes, every four minutes.;Danny Boyle;music
I want to promote poetry to the point where you got all the baldhead kids running around doing poetry, getting the music out of the way and having only words, the spoken word, and then see what happens.;Russell Simmons;music
Hip-hop's always reached out to kids. If you look at the last 10 big albums it might seem ironic. But when I look at the history of this music it's always had a lot of positivity.;LL Cool J;music
I sing a mixture of everything from opera, folk music, Broadway. It's a mix of things.;Katherine Jenkins;music
I'm really an inner spirit that only makes itself known through the music. A lot of people think I'm an introvert, or quiet and moody. I've even heard some people say that there's a certain mystery or darkness about me. I'm not that way. I'm just really into what I do.;Faith Evans;music
Nobody was listening when I learned how to play music. But there's something about being on stage, talking to the audience, looking at them and smiling, that's always been difficult for me. I'm a lot more comfortable now, but there are still moments of awkwardness.;Norah Jones;music
My music appeals in America. There is less of the purist criticism I get here. And to be a hit in the U.S... what singer doesn't have that dream?;Katherine Jenkins;music
The one thing that kept our family together was the music. The only thing that our family would share emotionally was to have our dad cry over something the kids did with music.;Dennis Wilson;music
What I was going for in the first two albums I didn't necessarily achieve. Because I was young and because it was my first time out. And the second album was such a 'quickie' sort of 'Let's just get it over with!' But the kind of music I make, there's a lot of subtlety in it. And I think it takes a couple of listens to actually really get it.;Norah Jones;music
Oh, stuff the critics. I don't care. Too many people are snooty about classical. Look, I wasn't brought up in a home where we listened to classical music. It was a singing teacher that thought it would be best for my voice. Then I moved into crossover. And if that makes the music accessible to more people, then great.;Katherine Jenkins;music
When I moved to New York, I fell head over heels back into country music and probably 'cause I missed something about Texas.;Norah Jones;music
I love to listen to pop music and I admire people who do that, but I don't think I would ever be a very good pop star. I always leave that singing voice for the shower! I wouldn't put it out in the world!;Katherine Jenkins;music
I wasn't very aware of pop music because I attended an arts school. For me, it was all about jazz.;Norah Jones;music
I think maybe because of the kind of music I sing, people want to believe you're a diva. They can't believe after eight years, and eight albums, you're still relatively sane. I feel like they almost want me to throw something at somebody.;Katherine Jenkins;music
A lot of my music is slow and subtle. The subtly is what I enjoy about making music.;Norah Jones;music
You're now getting a new breed of people like Il Divo and Andrea Bocelli and I think that's why people feel less intimidated by classical music than they once did.;Katherine Jenkins;music
My first two records are so simply constructed. The reason isn't because I wanted to make simple music. It's because I don't really have the chops.;Norah Jones;music
I love recording music.;J. J. Abrams;music
It's true, there's a lot of melancholy in my music. I don't know why, I'm not a melancholy person. I've always been drawn to it. Ever since I was a kid, if I had an album I would play the ballads on repeat.;Norah Jones;music
For me making music is part social, part interaction, part collaboration.;Norah Jones;music
I was in choir in school. I kind of just did it. I already knew I wanted to sing. My music program in my school wasn't really great - people didn't really want to be part of the choir, they didn't want to do the plays and stuff like that. It definitely wasn't the cool thing to do.;Lea Michele;music
Disco is music for dancing, and people will always want to dance.;Giorgio Moroder;music
I've been told the weirdest things: 'Yeah, I love taking a bath to your music!' or 'I gave birth to my daughter while listening to your music.';Norah Jones;music
We're real people and we're a band that's been playing on the scene for a long time. We've made a lot of friends, and one enemy we've always had was the NME. They've always basically slated us and they've basically never ever written about the music.;Dan Hawkins;music
Success and the art of making music are two different things for me.;Norah Jones;music
I just want to keep making music, recording and trying different things. I don't want to do the same thing all the time.;Norah Jones;music
I'm always going to do that - record and make music.;Norah Jones;music
I love slow music.;Norah Jones;music
I genuinely don't feel that anything that's been written or said about me has overshadowed my music, and that's the most important thing as far as I'm concerned.;Norah Jones;music
I didn't think it was fair to my music to label me as the daughter of somebody - I didn't think it described me very well and I didn't think it had anything to do with my music.;Norah Jones;music
Maybe I'm genetically more inclined to music - but the music I make is so far removed from Indian classical music. I grew up in Texas!;Norah Jones;music
I just want to make my music, and I want it to stand on its own.;Norah Jones;music
I don't actually have a lot of discipline. I've worked hard at music. But I feel like you know, I felt like kind of natural at it. I always had a knack for it.;Norah Jones;music
I try to just make music that I love, and if I believe in it that's all that matters.;Norah Jones;music
The music industry is a strange combination of having real and intangible assets: pop bands are brand names in themselves, and at a given stage in their careers their name alone can practically gaurantee hit records.;Richard Branson;music
Country music is about new love and it's about old love.;Jeff Foxworthy;music
I really like all music, but mostly Country, older R&ampB, and the good classic rock.;Brett Favre;music
I still absolutely love 'The Sound of Music' and anything with Julie Andrews in it.;Kristin Scott Thomas;music
You know I used to listen to music a lot more.;Brett Favre;music
