There is a fear of emotion in tennis.;Andy Murray;fear
Forty years ago this country went down a rabbit hole in Vietnam and millions died. I fear we're going down a rabbit hole once again - and if people can stop and think and reflect on some of the ideas and issues in this movie, perhaps I've done some damn good here!;Errol Morris;fear
In tennis, it is not the opponent you fear, it is the failure itself, knowing how near you were but just out of reach.;Andy Murray;fear
The independent girl is a person before whose wrath only the most rash dare stand, and, they, it must be confessed, with much fear and trembling.;Lou Henry Hoover;fear
Hunger and fear are the only realities in dog life: an empty stomach makes a fierce dog.;Robert Falcon Scott;fear
The only men who aren't in fear of women's reactions are usually men who aren't born or who are dead.;Warren Farrell;fear
My only problem is the fear that opposition bowlers might go for my fingers and that's why I was scared of the short ball. Now I am struggling with the ball pitching up and swinging away. I just keep nicking that one.;Shane Warne;fear
A line from one of my 1997 columns - 'Do one thing every day that scares you' - is now widely attributed to Eleanor Roosevelt, though I have yet to see any evidence that she ever said it and I don't believe she did. She said some things about fear, but not that thing.;Mary Schmich;fear
A lot of children, like I did, move away from words because of the fear - which is something you have to take out of education: the fear of worrying about what marks you'll get, detention, worrying about letting people down, your parents, teachers.;Michael Morpurgo;fear
I am grateful that I didn't let fear get the best of me. It only holds you back from possibilities and greatness.;Mariska Hargitay;fear
You've got to kick fear to the side, because the payoff is huge.;Mariska Hargitay;fear
My greatest desire is that the hope that has overcome fear in my country will help vanquish it around the world.;Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva;fear
In masks outrageous and austere, The years go by in single file But none has merited my fear, And none has quite escaped my smile.;Elinor Wylie;fear
Fear created the first gods in the world.;Caecilius Statius;fear
What's powerful about a love scene is not seeing the act. It's seeing the passion, the need, the desire, the caring, the fear.;Patrick Swayze;fear
But to be the best, you must face the best. And to overcome your fear, you must deal with the best.;Barry Bonds;fear
The way you deal with a scare is the way you deal with a laugh. The timing has to be perfect. When you're dealing with fear or laughter - emotions that happen spontaneously - you hope it's working. But in the moment, you really have no idea.;Patrick Wilson;fear
It is said that those whom the gods wish to destroy they first make mad. It may well be that a war neurosis stirred up by propaganda of fear and hatred is the prelude to destruction.;John Boyd Orr;fear
To drive an F1 car you have to be a little mad. On the morning of a race there's a mix of excitement and fear. If it's a wet track, then it's worse as you're not in control most of the time, which is the thing all drivers fear the most.;Jenson Button;fear
My biggest fear in life is to be average.;M. Night Shyamalan;fear
When you say 'fear of the unknown', that is the definition of fear fear is the unknown, fear is what you do not know, and it's genetically within us so that we feel safe. We feel scared of the woods because we're not familiar with it, and that keeps you safe.;M. Night Shyamalan;fear
Why fear death? It is the most beautiful adventure in life.;Charles Frohman;fear
There's always an element of fear that you need to work a lot until people get sick and tired of you or finally figure out that you're a fraud after all!;Ben Stiller;fear
I'd like to jump out of a plane. I have a fear of heights I'd like to face.;Freida Pinto;fear
Studios, because they are investing a great deal of money in movies, they want a guarantee that when they hire somebody that person can deliver for them. Everything is fear based, so they pigeonhole people. But I've written everything, from Westerns to sci-fi to dramedy, I've done it all.;Melissa Rosenberg;fear
By action and reaction do we become strong or weak, according to the character of our thoughts and mental states. Fear is the deadly nightshade of the mind.;Edward Walker;fear
Americans have an abiding belief in their ability to control reality by purely material means... airline insurance replaces the fear of death with the comforting prospect of cash.;Cecil Beaton;fear
I think that my vampires in general were influenced by my being allowed to watch the Hammer vampire films. Vampire Circus, also shown as Circus of Fear, was one of those movies.;Laurell K. Hamilton;fear
I decided to make 'Captain America' because I realized I wasn't doing the film because it terrified me. You can't make decisions based on fear.;Chris Evans;fear
With all of the divisiveness that is going on in the country we live in, so much of it is based around just fear of the other. And anyone who does not look like me, walk like me, talk like me, have sex like me, they're the other and I'm afraid of them. And hopefully we will learn that it's just not scary. There's nothing to be afraid of.;Ellen Barkin;fear
China, in the future, is going to have even more nuclear capability than it has had in the past. I don't believe that they have anything to fear from the United States, and I frankly don't believe they do fear the United States.;Paul Wolfowitz;fear
It is the privilege of those who fear love to murder those who do not fear it!;May Sarton;fear
Writers rush in where publishers fear to tread and where translators fear to tread.;Guillermo Cabrera Infante;fear
I play with a fear of letting people down. That's what motivates me.;Jonny Wilkinson;fear
There's a connection between the advances that are made in technology and the sense of primitive fear people develop in response to it.;Don DeLillo;fear
Every move we make in fear of the next war in fact hastens it.;Gregory Bateson;fear
The Klan had used fear, intimidation and murder to brutally oppress over African-Americans who sought justice and equality and it sought to respond to the young workers of the civil rights movement in Mississippi in the same way.;Charles Rangel;fear
Fear may very well be a caveman fear of the predator, of the giant lizard chasing them - maybe that's what Steven Spielberg connects with so well in Lost World.;Oliver Stone;fear
War is fear cloaked in courage.;William Westmoreland;fear
We will be safer from terrorist attack only when we have earned the respect of all other nations instead of their fear, respect for our values and not merely our weapons.;Theodore C. Sorensen;fear
I've been quite fascinated by the relative insignificance of human existence, the shortness of life. We might as well be a letter in a word in a sentence on a page in a book in a library in a city in one country in this enormous universe! And that kind of fear and insignificance has kept me awake at night.;Laura Marling;fear
Are you gonna fuel your faith or fuel your fear? I'm all about fueling my faith, especially when it's hard to do so.;Carrie-Anne Moss;fear
I like normal stuff people fear - like spiders and heights. I'm frightened by the unknown, by things that are hard to figure out and get a grip on.;Haley Joel Osment;fear
If you believe in yourself, if you are without fear, you will also be tolerant, non-aggressive and find love.;Rollo Armstrong;fear
It sometimes is just the fear of being misunderstood.;Terry Gross;fear
Fear nothing but what thy industry may prevent be confident of nothing but what fortune cannot defeat it is no less folly to fear what is impossible to be avoided than to be secure when there is a possibility to be deprived.;Francis Quarles;fear
Nothing drew me to the film business. I was propelled by the fear and anxiety of Vietnam. I had been drafted into the Marines. My brother was already serving in Vietnam. I bought, if you will, a stay of execution - both literally and figuratively - and went on to graduate school of business from the law school that I was attending.;Peter Guber;fear
Being aware of your fear is smart. Overcoming it is the mark of a successful person.;Seth Godin;fear
In terms of fear, I still am most afraid of Freddie Kruger.;Andrew Mason;fear
I'm not scared of anything in particular, but I am motivated by a fear of failure as opposed to a need to succeed.;Heston Blumenthal;fear
Many a time freedom has been rolled back - and always for the same sorry reason: fear.;Molly Ivins;fear
I was horrified when Richard Chamberlain and Rupert Everett said gay actors should stay in the closet. They were saying to people that they should live a lie and not be liberated, to live in fear of being found out.;Alan Cumming;fear
For our part, we shall continue to work for the new dawn when all the Children of Abraham and their descendants are living together in the birthplace of their three great monotheistic religions, a life free from fear, a life free from want - a life in peace.;King Hussein I;fear
My only fear is the unknown.;David Blaine;fear
Yoga is a way to freedom. By its constant practice, we can free ourselves from fear, anguish and loneliness.;Indra Devi;fear
I think there's a lot projected on beautiful women, period. At least, maybe this is just my fear, but I do sometimes feel dismissed before I've even been allowed to participate. I have moments of feeling really wounded. But I am pretty optimistic, and I do enjoy a lot of my life.;Shalom Harlow;fear
Let no man fear to die, we love to sleep all, and death is but the sounder sleep.;Francis Beaumont;fear
Here's what the right-wing has in, there's no shortage of the natural resources of ignorance, apathy, hate, fear. As long as those things are in the collective conscious and unconscious, the Republicans will have some votes.;Janeane Garofalo;fear
People are so used to having their lives filmed, they're not even conscious of having cameras around. I still have that sort of suspicion when a camera comes out. I view it as a thing to fear.;Sade Adu;fear
I'm afraid of being average. I have a real fear of being just another linebacker.;Junior Seau;fear
Of the primary emotions, fear is the one that bears most directly on survival. Children show fear. Adults try not to, maybe because it's shameful, or, in some circumstances, dangerous. The fear response is automatic, though, and your body runs through its reflexes whether you want it to or not.;Sebastian Junger;fear
People don't want to talk about death, just like they don't want to talk about computer security. Maybe I should have named my workstation Fear. People are so motivated by fear.;Dan Farmer;fear
For any new technology there is always controversy and there always some fear associated with it. I think that's just the price of being first sometimes.;Hugh Grant;fear
If the markets had behaved badly, that would obviously add to people's sense of alarm... but there has been a lot of reassurance coming, particularly in the way the Brits handled all this. There seems to be no great fear that something like that is going to happen here.;Brit Hume;fear
Each sudden gust of light explains itself as flames, but neither they, nor even bombs redoubled on the hills tonight can quite include me in their fear.;Andrew Motion;fear
I was kind of surprised to learn how controlling I am. I never thought of myself in that way. I think the root of the control issues is usually fear, because you want to know what's going to be happening at any given moment.;Michelle Pfeiffer;fear
I have no fear that the candle lighted in Palestine years ago will ever be put out.;Dean Inge;fear
The one thing I've learned is that stuttering in public is never as bad as I fear it will be.;John Stossel;fear
We manage the fear, I manage the fear, but it certainly takes its toll, the strain does.;Christiane Amanpour;fear
When we were scared about 9/11, we federalized the airport security, we spent millions for body armor for dogs in Ohio. All that over-reaction comes from fear and government - bad combination.;John Stossel;fear
The filmmaking process is a very personal one to me, I mean it really is a personal kind of communication. It's not as though its a study of fear or any of that stuff.;David Cronenberg;fear
I think everyone shares a fear of failure - that you're only as good as your most recent collection. That's definitely a fear, but it's a fear that fuels me, that makes me want to work harder, that makes me take on more challenges.;Alexander Wang;fear
Most people come to fear not death itself, but the many terrible ways of dying.;Polly Toynbee;fear
My greatest fear is disappointing the reader, so each book has to be better than the one before.;Anthony Horowitz;fear
We fear doing too little when we should do more. Then atone by doing too much, when perhaps we should do less.;Robert Trout;fear
I fear dying in the middle of a book. It would be so annoying to write 80,000 words and not get to the end. I'm phobic about it. So when I'm writing a book I leave messages all over the house for people to know how the story ends, and then someone can finish it for me.;Anthony Horowitz;fear
I had a fear of becoming anything, a fear of becoming a specialist. I might have become a doctor, but if you become a doctor, that's your specialty in life and you are defined by it. One of the attractions of being a writer is that you're never a specialist. Your field is entirely open your field is the entire human condition.;Graham Swift;fear
Loneliness is, I think, people's biggest fear, whether they are conscious of it or not.;Andrew Stanton;fear
When I was younger I used to pick things just to face the fear.;Vincent D'Onofrio;fear
I'll think, If this is his first punch, how are the others gonna feel? That's the only fear I have for myself.;Sugar Ray Leonard;fear
When, as we must often do, we fear science, we really fear ourselves.;John Charles Polanyi;fear
I have no fear of photography as long as it cannot be used in heaven and in hell.;Edvard Munch;fear
I didn't fear failure. I expected failure.;Amy Tan;fear
I know a lot of people fear the rougher types who might be at a state school, but surely it is better to know who they are and how to deal with them than for that kind of child to appear as a completely different species to yours.;Arabella Weir;fear
I'd love to be a dad. I hope I'd be great at it. That's every man's fear, yet his most important job.;Matt Damon;fear
Fools rush in where incumbents fear to tread.;Norman Ralph Augustine;fear
The day in 2004 when the radiologist told me I had invasive cancer, I walked down the hospital corridor looking for a phone to call my husband, and I could almost see the fear coming toward me like a big, black shadow.;Geraldine Brooks;fear
Celebrity or no celebrity, I think a lot of females deal with the fear of being abducted.;Elisha Cuthbert;fear
See, the 'On the Road' that came out in 1957 was censored. A lot of the honesty of it, the bitter honesty, is in the original scroll version that came out in 2007 on the 50-year anniversary. Back then, there was so much post-Second World War fear that was imposed on everybody - 'You must live life this way' - and these guys were bored.;Garrett Hedlund;fear
With Alexander's cancer, I was definitely brought to my knees for the first time because of the fear factor.;Cathy Freeman;fear
How are fears born? They are born because of differences in tradition and history they are born because of differences in emotional, political and national circumstances. Because of such differences, people fear they cannot live together.;Ehud Olmert;fear
Some days it is a heroic act just to refuse the paralysis of fear and straighten up and step into another day.;Edward Albert;fear
Don't fear the terrorists. They're mothers and fathers.;Rosie O'Donnell;fear
Do what you fear most and you control fear.;Tom Hopkins;fear
I don't think that fundamentalism has anything to do with Jesus Christ. They call themselves Christians, but if that's Christian, count me out. Fundamentalism is built on fear and greed. They're telling you to give them your money otherwise you're going to hell.;Matthew Fox;fear
The roots of homophobia are fear. Fear and more fear.;George Weinberg;fear
I remember looking at the sky and thinking that the universe is so big and it's all chaos. I call it 'the dark fear.' At any moment, the dark fear could come in.;St. Vincent;fear
There is no city or country in the world where women and girls live free of the fear of violence. No leader can claim: 'this is not happening in my backyard.';Michelle Bachelet;fear
Most fears are basic: fear of the dark, fear of going down in the basement, fear of weird sounds, fear that somebody is waiting for you in your closet. Those kinds of things stay with you no matter what age.;R. L. Stine;fear
