I wouldn't treat a romantic scene any differently than any other scene. I would really say the biggest preparation was chewing gum and breath mints! For a kissing scene, it's all about the breath mints!;Alice Englert;romantic
I am a hopeless romantic.;Jessica Brown Findlay;romantic
I don't feel like a romantic lead I guess I feel more like a character actor.;Matthew Macfadyen;romantic
Yeah, romantic comedies are the hardest movies to make. Maybe one works a year.;Dylan McDermott;romantic
I find it incredibly romantic that people should fight for a cause they believe in and be prepared to die for it.;James D'arcy;romantic
In the movies, Bette Davis lights two cigarettes and hands the second one to James Cagney. It was just so glamorous and romantic.;Loni Anderson;romantic
I'd love to do a romantic comedy. And perhaps, if the character was right and I had a good gut instinct, a Bollywood movie. And I'd love to direct. One day. I'm learning a lot on the set of 'The Good Wife.';Archie Panjabi;romantic
Are you kidding? I'm a terrible cook, but John is a really great one. Literally, I never cook. The whole time we were dating, I prepared two officially romantic meals. Both of them were such disasters that he begs me never to go into the kitchen again.;Rebecca Romijn;romantic
When you are the lead in a romantic comedy, you have to worry about people really liking you.;Morris Chestnut;romantic
I am a big fan of the old Howard Hawks films from the 30s and 40s, I was a big Hepburn and Tracey fan for a while and Woody Allen films that are a very different kind of romantic comedy.;Edward Burns;romantic
Once I got married and had kids, I moved away from romantic roles, because it seemed wrong to have my 3-year-old wondering why Daddy was kissing someone else.;Chevy Chase;romantic
When you're playing a romantic version of a real person, you're playing a version of the truth.;Andrea Riseborough;romantic
Ooh, it's too embarrassing to share my innermost romantic secrets - although I have written Danielle the odd poem. If anything they are more comedic than romantic. They used to be well-received but that was before she started studying Shakespeare at drama college. Now I feel so inept.;Gary Lineker;romantic
We have got too many kids around the house to have a romantic meal at home. But Danielle is a fantastic cook. She does a brilliant lasagne, great roasts and a great chilli dish. She knows the way to my heart.;Gary Lineker;romantic
I'm not about to talk about what's romantic in my life - I figure if you talk about it once - then that's an open invitation for everyone to dig into your personal life even further.;James Van Der Beek;romantic
I'm not about to talk about what's romantic in my life - I figure if you talk about it once, then that's an open invitation for everyone to dig into your personal life even further. So, I just keep my private life to myself.;James Van Der Beek;romantic
Then I abandoned comics for fine art because I had some romantic vision of being like Vincent Van Gogh Jr.;Bill Griffith;romantic
New York has got this sort of wonderful romantic idea of the South.;Josh Lucas;romantic
The reason I turn down 99% of a hundred, I mean a thousand, scripts is because romantic comedies are often very romantic but seldom very funny.;Hugh Grant;romantic
Being in the studio is a really romantic time.;Alison Krauss;romantic
Movies don't look hard, but figuring it out, getting the shape of it, getting everybody's character right and having it be funny, make sense and be romantic, it's creating a puzzle. Yes, having been a writer for so long, I have an awareness of when things are going awry, but it doesn't mean I know how to fix them.;Nancy Meyers;romantic
Times were changing. Clothes were changing. Morals were changing. We went from romantic loves songs like I used to do to rock 'n roll. Now that has changed to rap. So, there's always a new generation with new music.;Bobby Vinton;romantic
When I read the script, I liked the script very much and I thought it was a marvelous part for her, because I think it is a change of pace. I mean, we know how wonderful she is in romantic comedy.;Albert Finney;romantic
I have never been so calculating as to sing some Barry White song to get a girl. But I do think it's very romantic to cook dinner and sit around the piano at night and sing together.;John Stamos;romantic
A handful of older, romantic leading men, like Sean Connery, Jack Nicholson, and Robert Redford are still landing parts.;Charles Dance;romantic
My most romantic job: I was a manager at Baskin-Robbins.;Eric McCormack;romantic
I'm in the mood for another Moonstruck experience, for another romantic comedy.;Norman Jewison;romantic
Moonstruck... was one of the few romantic comedies to be nominated for a Best Picture Oscar.;Norman Jewison;romantic
And even Moonstruck - for some reason the audience were just in the mood for a very romantic film, because it's one of the few romantic comedies to be nominated for a Best Picture Oscar.;Norman Jewison;romantic
I'm really a romantic at heart.;Christopher Atkins;romantic
It more or less has the shape of a love song, but 'Crescent Moon' reflects more my longing for an ancient romantic context that includes wild animals, fire, danger of death, stellar navigation, and seasonal intuition.;Frank Black;romantic
Some have called we rock and roll performers who never retire 'troubadours.' I enjoy this misnomer immensely. While there are many differences between me and my distant predecessors in L'Occitane, I do believe there is a lineage that connects us of the last 70 years with those romantic singers of the High Middle Ages.;Frank Black;romantic
As an actor, I've grown considerably. It's taken me years to get comfortable doing a romantic scene and dancing on stage in front of a live audience. I've really opened up a lot.;Sanjay Dutt;romantic
When I start to write, words have become physical presence. It was to see if I could bring that private world to life that found its first expression through reading. I really dislike the romantic notion of the artist.;John McGahern;romantic
I don't know if it's a romantic comedy but I'm in the beginning of the first of the season of 'The West Wing.' We shot it last year. I don't know. If anyone asks me to be in one, I'll jump on it.;Jason Isaacs;romantic
I'm sick of playing romantic leads.;John Corbett;romantic
Any romantic feelings for a 12-year-old are like entering into a fantasy world.;Wes Anderson;romantic
In Romanticism, the main determinant is the mood, the atmosphere. And in that regard, you could also describe Schubert as a Romantic.;Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau;romantic
I am a bit of a hopeless romantic. I really do have a faith and a belief in love, and when I love, I love hard.;Melanie Fiona;romantic
You do your work as a photographer and everything becomes past. Words are more like thoughts the photographer's picture is always surrounded by a kind of romantic glamor - no matter what you do, and how you twist it.;Robert Frank;romantic
Well my biggest dream is to be in a romantic comedy.;Izabella Scorupco;romantic
Classic art was the art of necessity: modern romantic art bears the stamp of caprice and chance.;Max Eastman;romantic
When I was younger, many of my romantic escapades were just a means of simply avoiding being by myself. I was afraid of feeling lonely, afraid I wouldn't know what to say to myself.;Michael Zaslow;romantic
Well, we all start thinking we're going to be Romantic rock stars, but then reality hits and you realize no one reads you but other poets.;George Murray;romantic
People want to hear about the extremes of human nature. They want things that are larger than their own lives, and more romantic, and not necessarily of their own experiences.;Richard Thompson;romantic
I enjoy doing romantic stories. I've done a lot of them.;Joe Lando;romantic
Clearly romantic comedy is my franchise genre, I don't mind saying that, it's true. I love doing them and hopefully always will do them.;Meg Ryan;romantic
If it's a romantic holiday, the only thing I need is my wife. We love quiet and calm places where we can't be disturbed. Neither of us likes being in busy places we would much rather stay in our hotel room and enjoy each other's company.;Jean Reno;romantic
I like to see love stories: romantic comedy or romantic drama.;Pia Zadora;romantic
'I Am Number Four' is an action-packed adventure entwined with a romantic story. I play the role of John Smith. John wants to be a normal kid, but he is from a different planet and he has been given this destiny of becoming a warrior.;Alex Pettyfer;romantic
It's good to be able to be a leading lady, to be a romantic lead, to play opposite people who are talented, and charismatic and stuff.;Heather Graham;romantic
I never got the opportunity to be romantic or feel romantic with anyone.;Gary Coleman;romantic
Usually, in romantic comedies, you end up sacrificing a great deal of the complexity - you know, just two attractive people and a good soundtrack.;Timothy Olyphant;romantic
As far as the leading man/romantic lead, I'll tell you what, I really enjoyed my experience more than I thought or imagined I would on 'Catch and Release.' God bless them if they want to give me another shot at that. I would love to have that as something I can go to on occasion.;Timothy Olyphant;romantic
We are in desperate need of a well-done romantic lesbian comedy.;Jill Bennett;romantic
You're always close and you never get that big romantic lead.;Patricia Clarkson;romantic
The big stars I felt a kinship with were never the romantic leads. It wasn't Steve McQueen or Robert Redford - it was people like Walter Matthau and Anthony Quinn. My big hero was Tommy Cooper.;Alfred Molina;romantic
I'm a very romantic person.;Esai Morales;romantic
You won't find me in a romantic comedy. Those movies don't speak to me. People don't come to talk to me about those scripts, because they probably think I'm this dark, twisted, miserable person.;Naomi Watts;romantic
Classical, Romantic, and Baroque music, that's what I really like.;Joan Armatrading;romantic
If we perform the romantic repertoire we need more musicians.;Neville Marriner;romantic
The thing you can't let go of is gravity. The reality of gravity in writing. If someone says something really mean in a sitcom, and the next wave isn't a reaction to the reality of that, you start losing relatability. In a lot of romantic comedies, they throw out the rules of life.;Michael Patrick King;romantic
My husband does so many romantic things for me, it's absurd.;Jennifer Beals;romantic
I'm a really huge fan of the old romantic comedies from the '30s and '40s... Huge fan. I love all that stuff.;Thomas Jane;romantic
I'm opening up my heart to the idea of dating. It's funny - my friends would always come to me for romantic advice. I know nothing, and things have changed since I was dating in high school! I'm really trying hard to spend this time working on myself.;Olivia Wilde;romantic
If I were sufficiently romantic I suppose I'd have killed myself long ago just to make people talk about me. I haven't even got the conviction to make a successful drunkard.;John Dos Passos;romantic
There are so many different reasons as to why I love riding trains. But I think ultimately it's the romantic feeling of it. There's something about it that just transports me into old films.;Rosario Dawson;romantic
I think in a lot of romantic comedies it ends with a kiss, and I feel like in modern day relationships, and maybe just my own experience, it starts with a kiss and then all sort of falls apart and then comes together. You're texting. You're wondering what's going on. There's no definitions, there's no labels.;Elizabeth Meriwether;romantic
I'm not a big fan of romantic comedies, believe it or not.;Kate Hudson;romantic
I really, really, really want to do a silly romantic comedy where I can just have a crush on the guy, trip over myself, and laugh and be goofy. I just feel like all I do is cry, sob, and fight zombies and the bad guys.;Laurie Holden;romantic
I'm a horrible romantic!;Jamie Campbell Bower;romantic
I was also the romantic lead in The Boston Strangler - I was the only one that lived to tell the story - so I called myself the romantic lead.;Sally Kellerman;romantic
I try to speak of a love that not necessarily romantic. I think there is so much love between people and so much love people want to give but it's harder and harder these days to show that, to celebrate that, you know?;Emeli Sande;romantic
I would like to do maybe a smaller romantic comedy.;Linda Fiorentino;romantic
Hugh Grant is the main man. He's the number one romantic comedy man in the world.;Sam Elliott;romantic
Something like 'Without a Paddle' does really well at the box office and I'm like, 'Oh, here we go.' In 'Without a Paddle' I'm the romantic lead - great! A comedy and that's what America wants. Then it did nothing for me and I went into kind-of a work abyss. I just didn't get another shot.;Matthew Lillard;romantic
I don't live with people, that's why my relationships last. I'm not romantic. Even when I was a teenager if somebody asked if they could hold my hand I'd say, - no, it's not heavy, I can hold it myself, thank you'.;Paul O'Grady;romantic
I got a degree in sociology, didn't read much fiction in college, and I was a pretty political, left-wing type of guy. I wanted to do some kind of work in social change and make things better for the poor man, and I was very romantic and passionate about it.;Andre Dubus III;romantic
But other vampire stories? Well, no, I really haven't read too many, and I can't say I'm crazy about romantic vampires anyway - to me the vampire is simply an evil monster.;Brian Lumley;romantic
Before I became a suspense novelist, I wrote romantic suspense as Alicia Scott.;Lisa Gardner;romantic
In real love you want the other person's good. In romantic love, you want the other person.;Margaret Chase Smith;romantic
Building a little bonfire at night on the beach and lying on a blanket with my wife under the stars is not only sexy, it's romantic.;Benjamin Bratt;romantic
I'm a hopeless romantic, and very much the person in a relationship to go: If things are going well, I'll buy the flowers, remember the dates of things, plan fun nights out.;Jennifer Love Hewitt;romantic
I think Bach is equally a romantic composer because he laid the seeds harmonically for people like Chopin and the great Romantics, Brahms, so it's difficult to you know all this like labelling and putting - I think Bach is attractive to musicians because he supersedes the labels.;Nigel Kennedy;romantic
At the risk of sounding hopelessly romantic, love is the key element. I really love to play with different musicians who come from different cultural backgrounds.;John McLaughlin;romantic
I love romantic comedy, but I think you have to have another idea that you're chasing along with romantic comedy.;James L. Brooks;romantic
I had to trick people into giving me money for my first film. Making a romantic comedy is easier and more expected from a woman than it is to make a drama about a Japanese warrior.;Julie Delpy;romantic
There's a hardening of the culture. Reality TV has lowered the standards of entertainment. You're left wondering about the legitimacy of relationships. It's probably harder to entertain the same people with a more classic form of writing, and romantic comedies are a classic genre.;Nancy Meyers;romantic
A man's ability to haggle is never a turn-on. The only thing less romantic than how much you paid is how much you saved. The last thing we want to hear is how you talked the jeweler down on our new earrings.;Jennifer Coolidge;romantic
What Romantic terminology called genius or talent or inspiration is nothing other than finding the right road empirically, following one's nose, taking shortcuts.;Italo Calvino;romantic
When I was a teenager I was a total romantic escapist. My world was books.;Colin Wilson;romantic
Somebody called me a 'bruised romantic' once, and I like that.;Susannah McCorkle;romantic
Maybe I'm naively romantic, but I do believe that spice and excitement doesn't stop once a couple gets together.;Stana Katic;romantic
Many people with physical disabilities have romantic lives and good marriages to partners who see past their disabilities and recognize all of the things they can do.;Jeanne Phillips;romantic
Although some people think I am a romantic novelist I have always thought of myself as a rather gritty radical historian.;Philippa Gregory;romantic
I think Bond the character is distinct: He's British, he has a certain code that he lives by, he's incorruptible... he's a classical hero, but he's also fallible. He has inner demons, inner conflicts, and he's a romantic.;Barbara Broccoli;romantic
With While You Were Sleeping, it was so much fun and such a Cinderella story, that I didn't want to do another romantic comedy. I wanted to do the opposite.;Bill Pullman;romantic
Truthfully, I almost avoided 'While You Were Sleeping,' because I find those romantic comedies kind of precious, and they're full of lines that leave you feeling a little bewildered when you say them.;Bill Pullman;romantic
I want to do more action adventures and more romantic comedies.;Maria Bello;romantic
