In the kind of world we have today, transformation of humanity might well be our only real hope for survival.;Stanislav Grof;hope
Looking after my health today gives me a better hope for tomorrow.;Anne Wilson Schaef;hope
I hope by the time I'm 30 to have a husband and maybe a baby.;Vanessa Hudgens;hope
They who do not understand that a man may be brought to hope that which of all things is the most grievous to him, have not observed with sufficient closeness the perversity of the human mind.;Anthony Trollope;hope
In both children and adults, there can be a hard-to-deny link between a robust sense of hope and either work productivity or academic achievement.;Jeffrey Kluger;hope
It's far too much to say that effective hoping is the only - or even the biggest - part of what it takes to succeed. If 14% of business productivity can be attributed to hope, that means 86% is dependent on raw talent, fickle business cycles, the quality of the product you're selling, and often pure, dumb luck.;Jeffrey Kluger;hope
It seems to me there is a change in what audiences want to see. I can only hope that's correct, because there's an awful lot of people of my age around now and we outnumber the others.;Maggie Smith;hope
Today is a celebration of hope for the Iraqi people. The Iraqi people can now take control of their government and their future by creating a society that protects the rights endowed to us by our creator - life, liberty and freedom.;Jim DeMint;hope
Yes, I've listened to just a few audiobooks - but hope to listen to more. I've wanted to investigate how my own books sound in this format and find the experience of listening, and not reading, quite fascinating.;Joyce Carol Oates;hope
I have more awareness of other people and, I hope, more sensitivity to their needs. I also find that I'm more direct and outspoken.;Christopher Reeve;hope
I do sometimes strongly hope that in a past life, my most recent life before this, I was absolutely horrible, evil, hideous. Because otherwise - well, hell, to even things up next time around, I'm going to have to pay for this one, am I not?;Vanessa Paradis;hope
I have always striven to raise the voice of hope for a world where hate gives way to respect and oppression to liberation.;Theodore Bikel;hope
One of the principal goals in my life has been to avoid embarrassing my children by doing the job I do. I hope I've managed to do that, and I hope that, with the job I'm in now, they are, if not proud, at least unembarrassed by it. I must say, my three are most agreeable children, who do nothing but delight me.;Hugh Laurie;hope
Hope is a necessity for normal life and the major weapon against the suicide impulse.;Karl A. Menninger;hope
I hope the Guggenheim plan will be revived.;David Rockefeller;hope
My hope and prayer is that the body of Christ in America will awake with holy boldness, a boldness content neither with silence nor mere words but that backs up those words with action and results.;Frank R. Wolf;hope
I suppose if I'd got a brilliant first and done research I might still be a don today, but I hope not. People become dons because they are incapable of doing anything else in life.;A. N. Wilson;hope
I hope to one day co-sign a lease with another person but, well, it doesn't plague me that I have yet to do so. Put it this way: I've never had to violently tug at my own pillow at 2 A.M. to get myself to stop snoring.;Sloane Crosley;hope
I love being able to sing for my job. I am blessed beyond words and I hope my fans can feel that while I'm on stage!;Jordin Sparks;hope
I really feel confident about my dancing now, so I hope there could be a place for me in the West End or on Broadway - maybe a musical, maybe my own show.;Katherine Jenkins;hope
Overcoming the Cold War required courage from the people of Central and Eastern Europe and what was then the German Democratic Republic, but it also required the steadfastness of Western partner over many decades when many had long lost hope of integration of the two Germanys and Europe.;Angela Merkel;hope
It was an amazing adventure, it was my dream to be in an American musical... I really hope you are going to love what you are going to see.;Marion Cotillard;hope
I never read the life of any important person without discovering that he knew more and could do more than I could ever hope to know or do in half a dozen lifetimes.;J. B. Priestley;hope
We need to have a pro-growth policy put in place that offers people hope and offers the opportunity for businesses to expand and for them to have confidence in what the world is going to look like for the next two or three or four years with respect to economic policy.;Dick Cheney;hope
I am proud to have been capable of giving people hope again.;Francois Hollande;hope
I know where I'm going and I have told the French. I am sure if hope is there, we will be able to put France back on its feet... to live better in five years than we do today.;Francois Hollande;hope
There are hurdles, there are handicaps, hardships you have to face in life, but you hope for a great future.;Anil Kapoor;hope
It's always been my hope, as an actor, to reveal only what is relevant about myself to the work.;Eric Bana;hope
If you're lucky enough to be involved in a film that's about something very real and that you hope will continue to hold up in 20 years' time it just gives you more energy and makes it feel all the more worthwhile.;Eric Bana;hope
Politics is not predictions and politics is not observations. Politics is what we do. Politics is what we do, politics is what we create, by what we work for, by what we hope for and what we dare to imagine.;Paul Wellstone;hope
I hope I'm still shooting when I'm 80.;Conrad Hall;hope
The history of our country is cruel. We have to face those issues or, should I say, we had to. Not anymore I hope, because we are going in the right direction, and we are ready to forgive, ready to move on.;Novak Djokovic;hope
Most American fascists are enthusiastically supporting the war effort. They are doing this even in those cases where they hope to have profitable connections with German chemical firms after the war ends.;Henry A. Wallace;hope
I think almost every writer in the world would hope that books would be always talked about with respect and civility and depth and seriousness.;Dave Eggers;hope
A man can stand a lot as long as he can stand himself. He can live without hope, without friends, without books, even without music, as long as he can listen to his own thoughts.;Axel Munthe;hope
I'm constantly thinking about what I'll do next. I never count on music being a career of longevity. I mean, longevity is key, and I hope that it lasts, but you just don't know, because it's not in your hands, you don't make the decision.;Beth Ditto;hope
Jim Thorpe is someone I've always loved. He was an Olympic athlete, you know, and a football player from back in the day. I'd love to play him. And then there's a guy called Iceman who was a top hit man for the mob. I would love to play him. Actually, it's sort of in the works, so I hope it goes through.;Channing Tatum;hope
'A Guide To Recognizing Your Saints' was the first real actor-actor part I did, and I hope I to do more. Action movies are fun, but I'd be happy not to do them if there are better roles.;Channing Tatum;hope
I think the way IBM has embraced the open source philosophy has been quite astonishing, but gratifying. I hope they'll do very well with it.;Larry Wall;hope
Hope is such a bait, it covers any hook.;Oliver Goldsmith;hope
As a relatively young woman - I'm 33 - I hope to one day have a family and already have commitments. If and when I'm elected as an MP, I would face a choice: take my family with me to London each week or be apart for four, maybe five, nights a week.;Lucy Powell;hope
I just hope that the democratic will of the Zimbabwean people prevails. If it does we must move quickly to help restore stability and prosperity.;Lucy Powell;hope
Hope is like a harebell trembling from its birth.;Christina Rossetti;hope
She gave up beauty in her tender youth, gave all her hope and joy and pleasant ways she covered up her eyes lest they should gaze on vanity, and chose the bitter truth.;Christina Rossetti;hope
I prefer to win titles with the team ahead of individual awards or scoring more goals than anyone else. I'm more worried about being a good person than being the best football player in the world. When all this is over, what are you left with? When I retire, I hope I am remembered for being a decent guy.;Lionel Messi;hope
I hope to find the roles that are age appropriate but not yearning to be younger, or parenting ad nauseam.;Debra Winger;hope
When you are kind to someone in trouble, you hope they'll remember and be kind to someone else. And it'll become like a wildfire.;Whoopi Goldberg;hope
What I hope is in five years' time, I can go to the British people in the election and say: Lots of you doubted that coalition politics worked, but it has worked.;Nick Clegg;hope
I don't know now if I'm funny. I just keep talking and hope that I hit something that's funny.;Craig Ferguson;hope
I hope what I do has an art to it, and as an artist you have to try new things and keep yourself entertained.;Craig Ferguson;hope
I don't want to say never, but I hope I don't become that 'take me seriously now' guy.;Trey Parker;hope
My fear is that, as soon as I get married and have kids that I'll kind of do what a lot of people do and suddenly start making, 'Now I'm gonna make films for kids.' I really hope I don't do that.;Trey Parker;hope
I hope we never get to the point that we put ourselves in Jesus' place. But when I read the New Testament basically, we get three mandates: to love God, to love each other, and to take care of the least among us. And I think this is at least a step in the right direction.;Bob Riley;hope
For many in baseball September is a month of stark contrast with April, when everyone had dared to hope. If baseball is a lot like life, as pundits declare, it is because life is more about losing than winning.;John Thorn;hope
Television has spread the habit of instant reaction and stimulated the hope of instant results.;Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr.;hope
One of the things I like best about 'Biggest Loser' is being around people who are trying to make the right choices. When you feel defeated about your weight and your health, like there's no hope, and you still make the choice to fight for it, to make the change happen no matter what people say or think, that's inspiring to me.;Alison Sweeney;hope
You have to have hope. It's irresponsible to give false hope, which I think a lot of playwrights are guilty of. But I also think it's irresponsible to simply be a nihilist, which quite a lot of playwrights, especially playwrights younger than me, have become guilty of.;Tony Kushner;hope
If you know that life is basically going to be horrendously difficult, at best, and all but unlivable at worst, or possibly even unlivable, do you go on? And the choice to go on is the only thing that I think can be called hope. Because if hope isn't forced to encounter the worst possibility, then it's a lie.;Tony Kushner;hope
As I travel across the country speaking about MS, perhaps I can offer others comfort and hope.;Annette Funicello;hope
I think we have lost our groove as a country. One of the reasons was the attack on 9/11. We got knocked off our game. From a country that always exported hope we went into the business of exporting fear.;Thomas Friedman;hope
People see I am a mother and head of a household. Today in Chile, one-third of households are run by women. They wake up, take the children to school, go to work. To them I am hope.;Michelle Bachelet;hope
Hope is a very unruly emotion.;Gloria Steinem;hope
I hope for peace and sanity - it's the same thing.;Studs Terkel;hope
I think it's realistic to have hope. One can be a perverse idealist and say the easiest thing: 'I despair. The world's no good.' That's a perverse idealist. It's practical to hope, because the hope is for us to survive as a human species. That's very realistic.;Studs Terkel;hope
We use the word 'hope' perhaps more often than any other word in the vocabulary: 'I hope it's a nice day.' 'Hopefully, you're doing well.' 'So how are things going along? Pretty good. Going to be good tomorrow? Hope so.';Studs Terkel;hope
I hope to be around past the 90's. I don't want to just be categorized as one of this era. My goal is to have a career that stands.;Mariah Carey;hope
We hope President Obama will now respect the will of the people, change course, and commit to making the changes they are demanding. To the extent he is willing to do this, we are ready to work with him.;John Boehner;hope
House and Senate Republicans are now united in adopting earmark bans. We hope President Obama will follow through on his support for an earmark ban by pressing Democratic leaders to join House and Senate Republicans in taking this critical step to restore public trust.;John Boehner;hope
If there is to be any hope of prosperity for this country it is by reversing that policy which made us simply the kitchen garden for supplying the British with cheap food.;Eamon de Valera;hope
I love the Beatles. I haven't named any kids after them but I still really love them. They were the first group that I was ever properly aware of. In my early teens I would sometimes stay in and listen to the radio all day in the hope that I would catch a song by them that I'd never heard before and be able to tape it on my radio-cassette player.;Jarvis Cocker;hope
I am proud, and more than a little excited, to be asked to work with Faber in an editorial capacity. It is my dearest hope that we will produce some fantastic books together.;Jarvis Cocker;hope
For myself, if I am to stake all I have and hope to be upon anything, I will venture it upon the abounding fullness of God - upon the assurance that, as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are His ways higher than our ways, and His thoughts than our thoughts.;Henry Norris Russell;hope
I hope to have one more boxing match at the age of 55. Given that demographic at the age of 55 to 65, you've got to make a statement with your life. Otherwise, you are just existing.;George Foreman;hope
I'm really happy here. I think anyone who knows me well, and the fans too I hope, they know that I love the area, and the bond that I've had with the fans has been fantastic.;Frank Lampard;hope
I hope to make movies that are so small they don't need to make anything to be profitable.;J. J. Abrams;hope
Flying back from New York, the flight attendant said 'God, I wished you were here yesterday, we had a stroke on the plane. I said, if I have a stroke on a plane, I hope the pretend doctor isn't the one on the plane. I want a real doctor.;Anthony Edwards;hope
I think films have to reach people and really grab them. That's what I hope to do when I make a film - to get under your skin and really make you think about something, and have a transporting time that takes you somewhere.;Mira Nair;hope
Journalists say a thing that they know isn't true, in the hope that if they keep on saying it long enough it will be true.;Arnold Bennett;hope
There was a moment in my life when I really wanted to kill myself. And there was one other moment when I was close to that. But even in my most jaded times, I had some hope.;Gerard Way;hope
So we just hope that all of these governors who are grappling will be able to provide the basic services to our citizens and not have to cut things that really are painful.;Jennifer Granholm;hope
There's hope for everyone. That's what makes the world go round.;Paul Auster;hope
I think sometimes all you need is to hear someone else say the same thing that you're going through to realize that you're not alone. I try to put some sense of hope into the songs, into whatever the situation is so that it's not just dirt, drudgery and a life of misery.;Sarah McLachlan;hope
I hope to be an actor and never retire.;Dominic Monaghan;hope
Everybody, sooner or later, will have to go under the knife. Let's hope they make out as well as I did.;Bobby Darin;hope
My book 'Trust Your Heart', which is the story of my life, will be followed by 'Singing Lessons', a memoir of love, loss, hope, and healing, which talks about the death of my son and the hope that has been the aftermath of the healing from that tragedy.;Judy Collins;hope
The moment that changed me for ever was the moment my first child was born. I was happy, filled with hope, and thought, 'Now I understand the whole point of work, of life, of love.';Paul Theroux;hope
Now science has presented us with a hope called stem cell research, which may provide our scientists with many answers that have for so long been beyond our grasp.;Nancy Reagan;hope
You cannot set art off in a corner and hope for it to have vitality, reality, and substance.;Charles Ives;hope
But what I hope for from a book - either one that I write or one that I read - is transparency. I want the story to shine through. I don't want to think of the writer.;Anne Tyler;hope
I hope to stay unemployed as a war photographer till the end of my life.;Robert Capa;hope
There is no word for feeling nostalgic about the future, but that's what a parent's tears often are, a nostalgia for something that has not yet occurred. They are the pain of hope, the helplessness of hope, and finally, the surrender to hope.;Michael Ian Black;hope
People tend to overstate my resilience, but, of course, I hope they're right.;David Brudnoy;hope
I do insist on making what I hope is sense so there's always a coherent narrative or argument that the reader can follow.;Howard Nemerov;hope
I don't believe that I'm better than anybody, but I do believe that I'll try harder than most and I hope that people just join me for a little bit of a ride.;Tom DeLonge;hope
When I am dead, I hope it may be said: His sins were scarlet, but his books were read.;Hilaire Belloc;hope
Music is something that always lifts my spirits and makes me happy, and when I make music I always hope it will have the same effect on whoever listens to it.;Aaron Carter;hope
Few people know so clearly what they want. Most people can't even think what to hope for when they throw a penny in a fountain.;Barbara Kingsolver;hope
It doesn't matter that the way of life shown by Hollywood was phony. It helped you hope.;Manuel Puig;hope
Ironically, Latin American countries, in their instability, give writers and intellectuals the hope that they are needed.;Manuel Puig;hope
