I know that I can sing. That's the reason I started playing music when I was twelve years old.;Kesha;music
Music for me is an emotional thing and it really does make me happy. It's not a tool for me to get fame or see my face in the papers or anything like that. It's about the fact that I really do enjoy it.;Ville Valo;music
Bands are about these little relationships that make everything tick, and when you create new music you're testing those relationships.;Jonathan Cain;music
Dreams do come true, even for someone who couldn't speak English and never had a music lesson or much of an education.;Lawrence Welk;music
It's funny how the music industry is enraged about the Internet and the way things are copied without being paid for. But you know why people steal the music? Because they can't afford the music.;Tom Petty;music
A man can stand a lot as long as he can stand himself. He can live without hope, without friends, without books, even without music, as long as he can listen to his own thoughts.;Axel Munthe;music
I don't need anybody to market or promote me. If people don't want to hear this music, then it's not for them. You cannot please everybody.;Lauryn Hill;music
For some young people, their first experience ever hearing punk rock music was playing the Green Bay Packers on 'Madden'.;Billie Joe Armstrong;music
When I'm alone, I work sometimes with music, sometimes without and sometimes just listening to NPR.;Mikhail Baryshnikov;music
A country is made not by policy alone, but by its music, its entertainment shows, all of it.;Glenn Beck;music
Half the time I feel like I'm appealing to the downer freaks out there. We start to play one downer record after another until I begin to get down myself. Give me something from 1960 or something let me get up again. The music of today is for downer freaks, and I'm an upper.;Wolfman Jack;music
I think the pop chart today is entirely market-driven. And it has nothing to do with public taste. And it has nothing to do with moving music forward. It's simply a market chart.;Steven Patrick Morrissey;music
That's why this generation is the least racist generation ever. You see it all the time. Go to any club. People are intermingling, hanging out, having fun, enjoying the same music. Hip-hop is not just in the Bronx anymore. It's worldwide. Everywhere you go, people are listening to hip-hop and partying together. Hip-hop has done that.;Jay-Z;music
Bluegrass has brought more people together and made more friends than any music in the world. You meet people at festivals and renew acquaintances year after year.;Bill Monroe;music
My life so common it disappears and sometimes even music cannot substitute for tears.;Paul Simon;music
Boy bands should be exploded from a great height. They're just pretty people singing music written by others.;Eddie Izzard;music
To me, John Lennon and Elvis Presley were punks, because they made music that evoked those emotions in people.;Joey Ramone;music
If I had to play only for people who liked the music because they heard it on the radio, it wouldn't make me happy. That's why I'm working so hard to have, yes, a profile as an artist, but also a profile as a DJ.;David Guetta;music
Most recently we've been working in concert situations rather than clubs. because there aren't too many rooms there like Ronnie Scott's, that are pure music rooms, where people come specifically to listen to music.;Chuck Mangione;music
But for the children of the poorest people we're stripping the curriculum, removing the arts and music, and drilling the children into useful labor. We're not valuing a child for the time in which she actually is a child.;Jonathan Kozol;music
I don't listen to a lot of new stuff. I just like the old stuff. It's all quite dramatic and atmospheric. You'd have an entire story in song. I never listen to, like, white music - I couldn't sing you a Zeppelin or Floyd song.;Amy Winehouse;music
I listen to music that is of our time and I just get angry.;Amy Winehouse;music
Hunting, fishing, drawing, and music occupied my every moment. Cares I knew not, and cared naught about them.;John James Audubon;music
I don't read music. I don't write it. So I wander around on the guitar until something starts to present itself.;James Taylor;music
Men make angry music and it's called rock-and-roll women include anger in their vocabulary and suddenly they're angry and militant.;Ani DiFranco;music
I basically get stereotyped a lot in terms of being a girl and writing 'chick' music for teenage girls or something. I think, if anything, the press kind of, because of my gender and my age, tends to kind of relegate my work to this sort of special-interest group. It's part of the cultural dynamic, I guess.;Ani DiFranco;music
I seriously hate pop music and all things super-commercial.;Ani DiFranco;music
I see a lot of connections between folk and punk music just because they're both subcorporate music - I mean, traditionally.;Ani DiFranco;music
I've been trying to learn how to not be so conflicted about things like my own anger. I've always had a place in my music for my anger as a way of compensating for not having a mechanism to express it in my everyday life. So I've been trying to be more true to myself, and that helps me to chill out a little bit. But politically, uh-uh. No.;Ani DiFranco;music
Pop stardom is not very compelling. I'm much more interested in a relationship between performer and audience that is of equals. I came up through folk music, and there's no pomp and circumstance to the performance. There's no, like, 'I'll be the rock star, you be the adulating fan.';Ani DiFranco;music
Ah, reality TV: where opportunists delight in exposing opportunism! It's kind of like the indie music scene.;Diablo Cody;music
The principle of the endless melody is the perpetual becoming of a music that never had any reason for starting, any more than it has any reason for ending.;Igor Stravinsky;music
Social topics may hit too close to home for people, but then again, if you pull a heartstring, then that's what country music is. It's not just songs about getting drunk and leaving your girl.;Kenny Chesney;music
For me music is a vehicle to bring our pain to the surface, getting it back to that humble and tender spot where, with luck, it can lose its anger and become compassion again.;Paula Cole;music
I love music passionately. And because I love it I try to free it from barren traditions that stifle it.;Claude Debussy;music
And why is our music called world music? I think people are being polite. What they want to say is that it's third world music. Like they use to call us under developed countries, now it has changed to developing countries, it's much more polite.;Miriam Makeba;music
I became a set designer for opera. I'm a great opera buff, I love classical music, and I needed a time-out.;Maurice Sendak;music
It's a really unfair world because life is, where I am all day long we listen to American music. So I don't see why the radios in the U.S. cannot even put aside one hour a day just to play music that is not American.;Miriam Makeba;music
There are certain pieces of music that are always attached to certain books.;Maurice Sendak;music
I like so many different kinds of music just because all I did was listen to the radio as a kid.;Philip Seymour Hoffman;music
I didn't know much about him, and I wasn't a big country music fan. I listened to the Beatles and David Bowie, so I didn't know a lot about him.;Joaquin Phoenix;music
But however measurable, there is much more life in music than mathematics or logic ever dreamed of.;Gabriel Marcel;music
It means so much being a part of country music and the Opry.;Martina McBride;music
If architecture is frozen music then music must be liquid architecture.;Quincy Jones;music
My friends are mostly familiar with music that plays on the mainstream radio.;Jessica Sanchez;music
Jazz vision is the fusion of music and art a real paradox of same-yet different. Here we play in exchanges, like the hardness of the key of c# major and from the softness of Db major - capturing, reflecting and improvising.;Barbara Januszkiewicz;music
I think it's a mistake where rap music is these days. It doesn't seem to be able to look out of the ghetto and that's ultimately unfortunate, because it defines our limitations.;Saul Williams;music
Music is emotional, and you may catch a musician in a very unemotional mood or you may not be in the same frame of mind as the musician. So a critic will often say a musician is slipping.;Nat King Cole;music
Great music is in a sense serene it is certain of the values it asserts.;Rebecca West;music
If music leaves any impression at all, it does so without regard to stylistic issues.;Aulis Sallinen;music
Country music has always sort of been country music.;Miranda Lambert;music
Color is a plastic means of creating intervals... color harmonics produced by special relationships, or tensions. We differentiate now between formal tensions and color tensions, just as we differentiate in music between counterpoint and harmony.;Hans Hofmann;music
The Christian community latched onto a lot of my music, because there were a lot of things about my struggle they related to. But I didn't really want to come out and be identified as a Christian, because I didn't want to be a hypocrite, because my life wasn't right.;Scott Stapp;music
From childhood I was passionately fond of music and wanted to be a musician. I have no recollection of any real desire ever to be anything else.;John Philip Sousa;music
I realised a long time ago that instrumental music speaks a lot more clearly than English, Spanish, Yiddish, Swahili, any other language. Pure melody goes outside time.;Carlos Santana;music
A lot of the music that you listen to now is because of the things that the Meters did, the Neville Brothers did, and they're there, the guys who invented those beats that the guys sample today. Such an enormous opportunity.;Harry Connick, Jr.;music
But recently I began to feel that maybe I wouldn't be able to do what I want to do and need to do with American musicians, who are imprisoned behind these bars music's got these bars and measures you know.;Sun Ra;music
There's an album by Antonio Carlos Jobim - the album with 'The Girl From Ipanema.' That's the most seductive music ever.;Harry Connick, Jr.;music
Before you can make good music, you just have to shut up. Then the music can say what it has to say.;Kristin Hersh;music
We have been working with Habitat for Humanity and we have built eighty homes, 80% of which are being lived in by New Orleans' musicians. It is called the Musicians' Village and at the center is the Ellis Marsalis Center for Music.;Harry Connick, Jr.;music
I practice and work hard at my music, but I'm not saving lives here.;Harry Connick, Jr.;music
Music is what I love to do it's in my veins.;Demi Lovato;music
Half the battle is selling music, not singing it. It's the image, not what you sing.;Rod Stewart;music
I'm a Cancerian, the typical crab with the tough outer shell and the soft bit in the middle. I don't think I'll ever come to terms with people being unnecessarily nasty, but I can take it if someone doesn't like my music - I'm not everyone's cup of tea.;Katherine Jenkins;music
You shouldn't be in the music business if you're posing.;Rod Stewart;music
I don't stop. It's my nature. People have to tell me to slow down. I plan on playing every role on Broadway. I want to do 'Evita.' I want to do 'Sweeney Todd' with Chris Colfer. We want to do 'Wicked.' I'll be Elphaba and he wants to play 'Guy-linda.' I want to do movies, make music. 'Glee' is only the beginning.;Lea Michele;music
I have enough music coming out of my kids' bedrooms when I'm at home.;Rod Stewart;music
I remember when I was coming up, the music stores where you could get guitar strings was where I got my records from. Now the place where you get your records from is where you can get your DJ mats and your mixers.;Jam Master Jay;music
I have a very lively and colourful show. It's two hours of hits and the music speaks for itself.;Rod Stewart;music
I always want to write erotic music... Not only about the love between men and women, but in a much more universal sense - about the sensuality of the mechanism of the universe... about life.;Toru Takemitsu;music
I started writing rhymes first and then put it to the music. I figured out I could lock it to the beat better if I heard the music first. I like to get a lot of tracks, put the track up and let the music talk to me about what it's about.;Ice T;music
Mike Patton is a genius... It is definitely the hardest music I've ever played.;Dave Lombardo;music
These seem to me so ambiguous, so vague, so easily misunderstood in comparison to genuine music, which fills the soul with a thousand things better than words.;Felix Mendelssohn;music
Music's been around a long time, and there's going to be music long after Ray Charles is dead. I just want to make my mark, leave something musically good behind. If it's a big record, that's the frosting on the cake, but music's the main meal.;Ray Charles;music
I've programmed myself musically to come up with love-feeling tracks that are romantic, sexy, but classy, all in one. And that's the challenge. Once I create that music, then the lyrical content starts to come - you know, the stories and things like that.;R. Kelly;music
What makes my approach special is that I do different things. I do jazz, blues, country music and so forth. I do them all, like a good utility man.;Ray Charles;music
I always preferred to hang out with the outcasts, 'cause they were cooler they had better taste in music, for one thing, I guess because they had more time to develop one with the lack of social interaction they had!;John Hughes;music
Music is my life, professionally, for nearly 60 years. To be recognized by the academy is still the highest honor.;Ray Charles;music
I'm not saying I wasn't flawed or amateurish. But you can never say I did anything to appease the music business.;Patti Smith;music
I would be a huge hypocrite if I didn't tell you that at one time in my life I thought the way that you made music was you got on a major label and you got famous.;Neko Case;music
We were raised in an Italian-American household, although we didn't speak Italian in the house. We were very proud of being Italian, and had Italian music, ate Italian food.;Francis Ford Coppola;music
It's been a transformative period and I really wanted to make music from what I've experienced.;Adam Lambert;music
I've sung other people's music all my life.;Adam Lambert;music
I'm very inspired by past music.;Adam Lambert;music
I think Lady Gaga is great and is changing pop music and bringing back a certain rock 'n' roll spirit, swagger to the game.;Adam Lambert;music
I think the difficult thing is the transition between TV competition series and going into the actual music industry. There still seems to be a slight disconnect there.;Adam Lambert;music
After my tour I had time to stay at home, be with my boyfriend and hang out with friends and that brought me down to earth and helped me write music from a more relaxed place.;Adam Lambert;music
I feel like every project I've ever done has had music involved in it somehow.;Ashley Tisdale;music
I was a big fan of Middle Eastern elements of music and experimental electronic and tribal sounds.;Adam Lambert;music
I've loved Michael Jackson, his music, his music videos.;Ashley Tisdale;music
In middle school, I really didn't have music, but in high school, I remember taking a lot of choir and drama.;Adam Lambert;music
People often complain that music is too ambiguous, that what they should think when they hear it is so unclear, whereas everyone understands words. With me, it is exactly the opposite, and not only with regard to an entire speech but also with individual words.;Felix Mendelssohn;music
I listen to crazy, robust rock music where they sing their faces off, and soul music, which can be similar.;Adam Lambert;music
Negro music and culture are intrinsically improvisational, existential. Nothing is sacred. After a decade, a musical idea, no matter how innovative, is threatened.;Archie Shepp;music
Pop is a little bit theatrical. That's the whole vibe. That's the point - is that it's great music, great melodies, great hooks. But, on top of it, it's a presentation. There's a showmanship about it. And that's why I wanted to be a pop star.;Adam Lambert;music
Great music is its own movie, already. And the challenge, as a music fan, is to keep the song as powerful as it wants to be, to not tamper with it and to somehow give it a home.;Cameron Crowe;music
High school music teachers... nobody makes a living off it.;David Ogden Stiers;music
What we have to get clear to kids is that when you offer your stillness and open yourself to the experience of music, it pays you back more than you give.;David Ogden Stiers;music
I enjoy being happy every day, and hopefully you can hear my happiness in my music. Life is beautiful.;Christina Milian;music
