It's funny I'm in some ways hopelessly masculine, but I don't fish, I don't hunt, I'm not that into sports. I can't fix a car. I think it's my point of view and the way I see the world.;Corey Stoll;car
Yes, my grandfather worked with Thomas Edison on the electric car, and he sold electric cars at the 1900 World's Fair in Paris.;Al Jardine;car
On one level, nothing's really changed in my life. I still drive my daughter in the car pool on Monday. But it's impossible not to be aware of this rush of attention it's impossible not to be seduced by it once you've entered into it, seduced by being unhappy when the attention wanes.;Michael Tolkin;car
He leaned about the same way in falling towards Jacqueline, forward, down towards the bottom of the car.;Abraham Zapruder;car
Yes, sir, a patrol car came and took me down to a station where they were trying to develop films, but they hadn't got the facilities to develop colored film.;Abraham Zapruder;car
But once you have satisfied your material needs, which I think every wealth creator should - the house, the car, the plane, the boat - what comes next?;Tom Hunter;car
I want a car that will last 10 years or longer because I totally hate the process of researching, shopping for a new car, and then haggling for the price. I wish I could just snap my fingers and my car is there.;Kiran Ahluwalia;car
I worked for this company that repossessed cars. Sure enough, the day after I quit, they repossessed my car, but that would probably be my strangest job to date. You have to work your way up to become a hardcore repo man.;Romany Malco;car
I sing both in my shower and in my car, mostly in my car, because I have this weird thing - whenever I'm singing to the radio - my friends kind of hate it - but I pick out the harmonies in my head, and I'm singing the harmonies to the tracks and I'm jamming it out.;Paul McDonald;car
I remember when I started off, my first car was a Kia Spectra. With a spoiler kit and some rims.;Gio Gonzalez;car
Driving with one foot on the accelerator and the other on the brake is likely to get you nowhere, but certainly will burn out vital parts of your car. Similarly, cutting taxes on the middle class, but increasing them on the 'rich' is likely to result in an economic burnout.;Terry Savage;car
I can change a tire, but I couldn't change a fuse on the computer panel on my car.;Mike O'Malley;car
I enjoy trying to develop a car and Mercedes are one of the biggest car manufacturers in the world.;Lewis Hamilton;car
I will stay in the car until the last minute that I'm going to jump out and do a standup or jump out and do some interviews.;Martha Raddatz;car
When women break that taboo and they're not afraid to drive that car by herself - that's it. Now she has the guts to speak up for herself and take action.;Manal al-Sharif;car
For an actor, you're rejected eight or ten times a day. All you've got to sell is yourself. You're not selling products, they're not turning down a car, they're turning you down. Most people can't handle that. Most people are essentially not set up that way.;Barry Corbin;car
Guys want a 500 horsepower car. I'd rather have one horsepower - in a horse. That's macho. You go to pick up your date and you show up on a horse.;Bryan Callen;car
In life, you need a house and a car. After that, you have a choice.;Xavier Niel;car
A man sits in his car at the traffic lights, waiting for them to go green.;Michael Frayn;car
Discount air fares, a car in every parking space and the interstate highway system have made every place accessible - and every place alike.;Ronald Steel;car
At the end of the day, my natural habitat is in a car and I am happiest in that environment.;Maria de Villota;car
I think it's particularly a distinctively American concept that resonates with American culture through biker culture. A motorcycle is an independent thing. You're like, 'I don't want to ride in a car with this person. I want to be independent and ride by myself. But, let's ride in a group. Let's be independent, together.';Ryan Hurst;car
Get in the race car do what I do then go home. We don't have freedom to do anything anymore.;Tony Stewart;car
I compare it to being in a car accident. There's so much adrenaline rushing through you that you remember being in the accident but you don't remember any of the details.;Brooke Langton;car
I assure you that the training that you get in a midget, in a sprint car and perhaps in a Silver Crown car is really the kind of experience that makes you into a damn good race driver.;Rodger Ward;car
It's a massive motor in a tiny, lightweight car.;Carroll Shelby;car
Those youngsters go out there and set a record and clinch the pole position. But what do you do if you wreck your car. That record doesn't spend too well.;Buck Baker;car
I remember things that happened sixty years ago, but if you ask me where I left my car keys five minutes ago, that's sometimes a problem.;Lou Thesz;car
I'm not a bad driver. And I never will be because I took lessons when I was quite a boy. I never had to pass a test because there wasn't such a thing when I first started driving a motor car. So I didn't have to pass one.;Richard Murdoch;car
In the back of your mind, when you say you want to write music for the movies, you're saying that you want a big house, a big car and a boat. If you just wanted to write music, you could live in Kansas and do it.;Bill Conti;car
A private railroad car is not an acquired taste. One takes to it immediately.;Eleanor Robson Belmont;car
Since my induction into the Sports Hall of Fame, I have wanted to have my No. 3 Chevy on exhibit for sports fans to see. I hope others will enjoy the car as much as I have.;Junior Johnson;car
The car business is a lot like football. In football, you have to win once a week. In the car business, you have to win every day.;Tom Dempsey;car
I am an artist. The track is my canvas, and the car is my brush.;Graham Hill;car
He's computerized, but I won't let him come on cold. I created KITT. I understand the personality of the car.;William Daniels;car
If you don't drink, smoke, or drive a car, you're a tax evader.;Thomas S. Foley;car
I wanted to end my life so bad and was in my car ready to go down that ramp into the water, and I did go part way, but I stopped. I went again and stopped. I then got out of the car and stood by the car a nervous wreck.;Susan Smith;car
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.;Maya Angelou;change
Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle. And so we must straighten our backs and work for our freedom. A man can't ride you unless your back is bent.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;change
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.;Reinhold Niebuhr;change
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.;Barack Obama;change
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.;Mahatma Gandhi;change
For the past 33 years, I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: 'If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?' And whenever the answer has been 'No' for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something.;Steve Jobs;change
It may be hard for an egg to turn into a bird: it would be a jolly sight harder for it to learn to fly while remaining an egg. We are like eggs at present. And you cannot go on indefinitely being just an ordinary, decent egg. We must be hatched or go bad.;C. S. Lewis;change
All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves we must die to one life before we can enter another.;Anatole France;change
I'm not going to change the way I look or the way I feel to conform to anything. I've always been a freak. So I've been a freak all my life and I have to live with that, you know. I'm one of those people.;John Lennon;change
All great change in America begins at the dinner table.;Ronald Reagan;change
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.;Leo Tolstoy;change
When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves.;Viktor E. Frankl;change
Never believe that a few caring people can't change the world. For, indeed, that's all who ever have.;Margaret Mead;change
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.;Lao Tzu;change
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.;Winston Churchill;change
To improve is to change to be perfect is to change often.;Winston Churchill;change
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.;Wayne Dyer;change
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.;Frederick Douglass;change
Action and reaction, ebb and flow, trial and error, change - this is the rhythm of living. Out of our over-confidence, fear out of our fear, clearer vision, fresh hope. And out of hope, progress.;Bruce Barton;change
Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts.;Arnold Bennett;change
If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living.;Gail Sheehy;change
A small group of thoughtful people could change the world. Indeed, it's the only thing that ever has.;Margaret Mead;change
If there is anything that we wish to change in the child, we should first examine it and see whether it is not something that could better be changed in ourselves.;Carl Jung;change
Things do not change we change.;Henry David Thoreau;change
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.;Dean Acheson;change
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.;Confucius;change
Progress is a nice word. But change is its motivator. And change has its enemies.;Robert Kennedy;change
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.;Alan Watts;change
Don't change on me. Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever.;Tupac Shakur;change
Change in all things is sweet.;Aristotle;change
Money and success don't change people they merely amplify what is already there.;Will Smith;change
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.;Confucius;change
I can't really change my life to accommodate people who are jealous. I don't see why I should.;Sting;change
All change is not growth, as all movement is not forward.;Ellen Glasgow;change
Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are.;Bertolt Brecht;change
For changes to be of any true value, they've got to be lasting and consistent.;Tony Robbins;change
We cannot change anything until we accept it. Condemnation does not liberate, it oppresses.;Carl Jung;change
It's the most unhappy people who most fear change.;Mignon McLaughlin;change
He who rejects change is the architect of decay. The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery.;Harold Wilson;change
Change brings opportunity.;Nido Qubein;change
Very often a change of self is needed more than a change of scene.;A. C. Benson;change
If you're in a bad situation, don't worry it'll change. If you're in a good situation, don't worry it'll change.;John A. Simone, Sr.;change
We all have big changes in our lives that are more or less a second chance.;Harrison Ford;change
Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;change
There is nothing permanent except change.;Heraclitus;change
If you want to make enemies, try to change something.;Woodrow Wilson;change
Without accepting the fact that everything changes, we cannot find perfect composure. But unfortunately, although it is true, it is difficult for us to accept it. Because we cannot accept the truth of transience, we suffer.;Shunryu Suzuki;change
Most people already know what they're doing wrong. When I get them to church I want to tell them that you can change.;Joel Osteen;change
Change before you have to.;Jack Welch;change
Change means that what was before wasn't perfect. People want things to be better.;Esther Dyson;change
Change will never happen when people lack the ability and courage to see themselves for who they are.;Bryant H. McGill;change
Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal.;Arthur Schopenhauer;change
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight.;Marcus Aurelius;change
One must change one's tactics every ten years if one wishes to maintain one's superiority.;Napoleon Bonaparte;change
Without change, something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken.;Frank Herbert;change
I cannot say whether things will get better if we change what I can say is they must change if they are to get better.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;change
Not only is women's work never done, the definition keeps changing.;Bill Copeland;change
One change always leaves the way open for the establishment of others.;Niccolo Machiavelli;change
He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils for time is the greatest innovator.;Francis Bacon;change
Lord, where we are wrong, make us willing to change where we are right, make us easy to live with.;Peter Marshall;change
Our dilemma is that we hate change and love it at the same time what we really want is for things to remain the same but get better.;Sydney J. Harris;change
True life is lived when tiny changes occur.;Leo Tolstoy;change
