The thing with food is that you can give 20 people the same recipe and the same ingredients, and somebody's going to make it better than somebody else, and that's the creativity of it. It's like music. You could have a bunch of people playing the same piece, and somebody's gonna play it better.;Dweezil Zappa;food
I think there is a real misconception about Indian food being super spicy. And I know that's because when you go into an Indian restaurant, it is pretty spicy. But it doesn't have to be. In fact, my husband can't handle a lot of heat. I've had to temper my cooking so that he can eat with me.;Aarti Sequeira;food
Their life is about getting enough money to put food on the table to feed their children, and that's it.;Ellen Burstyn;food
And though various organizations in America and England collected money and sent food parcels to these refugees, nothing was ever received by the Spanish.;Martha Gellhorn;food
Edible substances evoke the secretion of thick, concentrated saliva. Why? The answer, obviously, is that this enables the mass of food to pass smoothly through the tube leading from the mouth into the stomach.;Ivan Pavlov;food
From the described experiment it is clear that the mere act of eating, the food even not reaching the stomach, determines the stimulation of the gastric glands.;Ivan Pavlov;food
It has long been known for sure that the sight of tasty food makes a hungry man's mouth water also lack of appetite has always been regarded as an undesirable phenomenon, from which one might conclude that appetite is essentially linked with the process of digestion.;Ivan Pavlov;food
Appetite, craving for food, is a constant and powerful stimulator of the gastric glands.;Ivan Pavlov;food
You can heal your body with food.;Stacy Keibler;food
I grew up playing music and enjoying good food, friends and family in my own backyard.;Rodney Atkins;food
We cover hamburgers, chicken, veggie burgers, salads, we've got a pretty broad range. To me, McDonald's isn't only about the food. It's about the prices, it's about the way we eat.;Jim Cantalupo;food
UNICEF has repeatedly called on governments to ensure basic services for children and this includes providing food where the need exists.;Carol Bellamy;food
I also try to eat as much raw food and clean food as possible.;Kirsty Gallacher;food
I've talked to some drummers who seem to have a very hard time staying in shape on the road, including some drummers touring with high-profile acts that don't have to live on fast food every night.;Matt Cameron;food
The impetus behind going to graduate school was a year after graduating from college spent in Dallas working at the dog food factory and Bank America and not having met success in my chosen field, which at that point was being an actress.;Beth Henley;food
I would like to have you quote me, Erich von Stroheim, as having said on this day of this month of this year this one thing: you Americans are living on baby food.;Erich von Stroheim;food
I used to hang out by the food table at parties because you don't have to talk to anybody. If you do then you can talk about the food.;Jennifer Jason Leigh;food
I don't like salads: I like the strong food.;Monica Seles;food
I like to say, jazz music is kind of like my musical equivalent of comfort food. You know, it's always where I go back to when I just want to feel sort of grounded.;Molly Ringwald;food
I think for me, food was a way for me to deal with emotional trouble.;Monica Seles;food
I do eat well. I try to love my body. That is what I tell my daughter. I say, 'Love every bite of food. Love your body. We're all going to be dead soon.' Actually I don't say that last thing to her.;Helen Hunt;food
Cats know how to obtain food without labor, shelter without confinement, and love without penalties.;W. L. George;food
I can get whatever I want to eat and when you, you know, you forget to eat you sometimes pick up fast food.;Star Jones;food
Don't make jokes about food.;David Lean;food
Russia will occupy most of the good food lands of central Europe while we have the industrial portions. We must find some way of persuading Russia to play ball.;Henry L. Stimson;food
There's the Hollywood sign there's Griffith Observatory there's the great, amazing Los Angeles Basin. It's 465 square miles of insanity and the best food on the planet.;Robert Crais;food
In recent years personal injury attorneys and trial lawyers have attacked the food industry with numerous lawsuits alleging that these businesses should pay monetary damages to those who, of their own accord, consume too much of a legal, safe product.;Bob Ney;food
Kolkata is a great city, has great food and great people. We had some problems finding the kind of old buildings we were looking for, and even handling the crowds, but on the whole it was fun shooting there.;Sanjay Dutt;food
Most of the food imported to Russia came from China.;Alex Chiu;food
Stewardesses are still paid so little that in many cases, new hires qualify for food stamps.;Patricia Ireland;food
'Shkoff' is to eat. 'Shkiaff' is to slap. Like, 'Gettouttahere I'm gonna give you a couple of shkiaffs,' or, 'Forget presentation, just shkiaff the food onto the plate.';Nadia Giosia;food
I did skit comedy online for many years, beginning around 2001. Around 2006 I started watching a lot of food television and got re-interested in food. I come from a very food-obsessed family. But I also wanted to do my own thing, which was the comedy.;Nadia Giosia;food
You don't have to look far to taste some of the best food the world has to offer. I'd pit my grandmother against a 3-star Michelin chef any day.;Nadia Giosia;food
We got Martha Stewart legitimizing homemaking for her generation, and then there's this return to being interested in all things home, lifestyle, and food again. I think this generation is less about the frills and more about the flavor of things.;Nadia Giosia;food
You know, we don't have any decorative sprigs of rosemary we're not placing little matchstick radishes onto an hors d'oeuvre... The food's gotta taste good. The concept's gotta taste good.;Nadia Giosia;food
I grew up in a food-obsessed Italian family, so food was always front and center in my life. I was a food obsessed person who morphed into a comedian and tried to figure out a way to make fun of my cake and eat it too.;Nadia Giosia;food
Julia Child wasn't afraid to have fun. She made fantastic food but knew how to have a good time and not be too stuck up about the kitchen space.;Nadia Giosia;food
I feel if I'm healthy and happy, I look good. With a good mixture of fitness and healthy food I always feel great!;Candice Swanepoel;food
If you go out to dinner with someone, you find out what they prefer in food. We ought to be able to have a conversation to find out what people prefer when it comes to sex.;Betty Dodson;food
The only break I ever took was to eat. That's all I did. Work, and then quickly eat something. It became my main pleasure, having access to my comfort food.;John Prescott;food
About 20 per cent of the population believe themselves to have a food allergy and only about five per cent actually do.;John Warner;food
I don't always buy organic food. It is more expensive.;Alexandra Paul;food
I've always preferred food be on the blander side.;Alexandra Paul;food
Unless everyone grasps the importance of having only two children per couple, wars won't be over just oil anymore, they will be over water and food.;Alexandra Paul;food
Everyone would be healthier if they didn't eat junk food.;Robert Atkins;food
Food compulsion isn't a character disorder it's a chemical disorder.;Robert Atkins;food
Being nerdy just means being passionate about something, including everyone - the coolest people on Earth are passionate and therefore nerdy about something whatever it is, whether it's sports, or gaming, or technology, or fashion, or beauty, or food, or whatever.;Zachary Levi;food
I was raised by a lady that was crippled all her life but she did everything for me and she raised me. She washed our clothes, cooked our food, she did everything for us. I don't think I ever heard her complain a day in her life. She taught me responsibility towards my brother and sisters and the community.;Ernest Gaines;food
Nobody had ever told me junk food was bad for me. Four years of medical school, and four years of internship and residency, and I never thought anything was wrong with eating sweet rolls and doughnuts, and potatoes, and bread, and sweets.;Robert Atkins;food
I think things like food, the food of the south is sort of the common tie that binds us all, Black and White, the sense memories. It's a very particular part of the country.;Sela Ward;food
I adore food and always have.;Jane Asher;food
I got into shape because I took kick-boxing lessons every day to prepare for a fight scene with Taylor Lautner. I really wanted to lie down and eat Chinese food, but I kick-boxed every morning and ran. If someone was filming you with your kit off, you'd do the same thing.;Jason Isaacs;food
If you need food stamps, you should meet the criteria.;Bob Goodlatte;food
If we as a society are willing to have a preference for organic food, the farmer can pass on the savings.;Robert Patterson;food
I'm very proud of my Nigerian heritage. I wasn't fortunate enough to be raised in a heavy Nigerian environment, because my parents were always working. My father was with D.C. Cabs and my mother worked in fast food and was a nurse.;Wale;food
I can pretty much live without fast food. I haven't eaten McDonald's in so long, but it's okay.;Ed Westwick;food
We lived in a one-bedroom apartment in Northwest D.C. I was essentially raised by a Panamanian man and a Jamaican woman. That's why I have such a fascination with Jamaican food.;Wale;food
I live in a kind of gay bubble. I live in a gay house, I drive a gay car. I eat gay food.;Julian Clary;food
It is easier to have faith that God will support each House of Hospitality and Farming Commune and supply our needs in the way of food and money to pay bills, than it is to keep a strong, hearty, living faith in each individual around us - to see Christ in him.;Dorothy Day;food
When the show is over we still have to pay our rent, we have to buy food. We have to do all the same things that you do.;Jamie Farr;food
I love potatoes - they're my favorite food.;Trisha Yearwood;food
Food in Chicago is the best.;Lee DeWyze;food
I love good food. I'm an epicurean, that's for sure... But I am not really a good cook.;Gaspard Ulliel;food
End-of-the-world stories tend to ring true. I've always been drawn to them, but as I wrote my own, I found surprising pleasure in creating a world that is so radically changed, yet where there's so much meaning and value in every small and ordinary thing we have, and take for granted: hot showers, enough food, friends, routines.;Karen Thompson Walker;food
We believe that God is big enough to give every nationality their own religion, as he's given them their own taste in food, in plants, in furniture, and housing. I think that each religion has their basic Christ-ish way to get to the Everlasting God.;Duane Chapman;food
While it is true that we must seek value added industries like food processing plants and call center operations, we must do what is necessary to expand and develop our economic profile.;Alan Autry;food
I was an organizer in the Food, Agricultural and Tobacco Workers Union down in North Carolina.;Al Lewis;food
I was always getting run-down from jet lag and being in strange towns where I didn't speak the language or know what the food was like.;Molly Sims;food
Understanding where your food comes from, trying to bolster local farmers and local economies and having a better connection to the food around you and the people around you, only good can come of that. I love to be involved with things like that.;Amos Lee;food
It's like spicy food - sometimes you have to tone it down so more people can enjoy it.;Kenneth Edmonds;food
In our short walks we passed the kitchen where food was prepared for the nurses and doctors. There we got glimpses of melons and grapes and all kinds of fruits, beautiful white bread and nice meats, and the hungry feeling would be increased tenfold.;Nellie Bly;food
How large and varied is the educational bill of fare set before every young gentleman in Great Britain and to judge by the mental stamina it affords him in most cases, what a waste of good food it is!;James Payn;food
I don't believe in depriving myself of any food or being imprisoned by a diet.;Joely Fisher;food
I hate to say it, but the older you get, you really do have to cut down on the amount you eat. Less food and less portions.;Jackee Harry;food
Japan is the most intoxicating place for me. In Kyoto, there's an inn called the Tawaraya which is quite extraordinary. The Japanese culture fascinates me: the food, the dress, the manners and the traditions. It's the travel experience that has moved me the most.;Roman Coppola;food
I don't try to match wine with food, I just drink what I like. And I think a lot of people are going towards that now, which never used to be in the past.;Mario Lemieux;food
As it has been told to me, my Dad had some kind of deal with Dick Clark. But when we got here, that fell through. So we were out here with no job, no furniture, no food.;Danny Bonaduce;food
Maybe we've been brainwashed by 130 years of Yankee history, but Southern identity now has more to do with food, accents, manners, music than the Confederate past. It's something that's open to both races, a variety of ethnic groups and people who move here.;John Shelton Reed;food
My very first job was a cashier at Burger King in Tucson, Arizona. And I occasionally worked the drive-thru. I'd go wherever I was needed! My second job was at Dairy Queen. I stayed in the fast food royalty.;Kate Walsh;food
Southeast Asia food uses many different types of spices which are quite new to me, like the curry leaves which I saw at the Kreta Ayer wet market in Chinatown. With such spices used in cooking, this usually imparts a strong aroma to Southeast Asian food, which appeals to the senses.;Joel Robuchon;food
I like a well-roasted rotisserie chicken and eggs cooked various ways, like sunny-side up or scrambled. It's comfort food for me.;Joel Robuchon;food
The simpler the food, the harder it is to prepare it well. You want to truly taste what it is you're eating. So that goes back to the trend of fine ingredients. It's very Japanese: Preparing good ingredients very simply, without distractions from the flavor of the ingredient itself.;Joel Robuchon;food
I am very honored for all the distinctions and accolades, but what I am most sensitive to is my clientele and the fact they are pleased with my food and my restaurants.;Joel Robuchon;food
We the chefs have a responsibility to learn about the chemical makeup of food!;Joel Robuchon;food
In France today, people no longer eat as much heavy food and fat as they did 15 or 20 years ago. These days, French cooking, through the influence of 'grande cuisine,' has become a bit lighter. And we are beginning to discover the original flavors of our produce.;Joel Robuchon;food
Taste is developed by the diversity of the products one can sample. I think our children today may be missing an education about food. We must teach them to know their cuisine and to know the equilibrium of nourishment. That is very important for health.;Joel Robuchon;food
If we do not change our negative habits toward climate change, we can count on worldwide disruptions in food production, resulting in mass migration, refugee crises and increased conflict over scarce natural resources like water and farm land. This is a recipe for major security problems.;Michael Franti;food
I went from 118 pounds to 135 pounds in a few months. But, I still didn't know anything about food.;Warren Cuccurullo;food
We have by far the most expensive health system in the world. We spend 50 percent more per person than the next most costly nation. Americans spend more on health care than housing or food.;Kathleen Sebelius;food
For all the concern about bodies and weight, 'Baywatch' has three huge catering trucks on the set at all times. One for entrees, one appetizers and one for junk food.;Nicole Eggert;food
James Bond is quite serious about his drinks and clothing and cigarettes and food and all that sort of thing. There is nothing wry or amused about James Bond.;Ken Follett;food
After my pregnancy, I discovered I have an allergy to yeast. Problem is, all the food I love has yeast in it. So I have to relearn how to cook.;Tia Mowry;food
One must know combinations, one must have a true knowledge of food to be in the moment.;Charlie Trotter;food
Penn State is a leader in food science.;Don Sherwood;food
We all thought of chicken as lean, protein-rich food that's good for weight watching, but the truth is chicken might actually be making us fatter!;Kathy Freston;food
We talk about, you know, diet and that we shouldn't give our kids big things and obesity and fast food. Well, you know there are people who don't have that problem because they're not getting any food! We have so many deep problems and issues facing humanity.;Chris Noth;food
I think that food ties us to our community and our traditions, and it's the thing that makes us feel good and connected.;Kathy Freston;food
Darkness cannot drive out darkness only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate only love can do that.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;forgiveness
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.;Mahatma Gandhi;forgiveness
