I want to encourage everyone to be proactive with their health and get checked out.;Giuliana Rancic;health
During my nearly five years as director-general of WHO, high-level policymakers have increasingly recognized that health is central to sustainable development.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;health
Health is the core of human development.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;health
Intervention for the prevention and control of osteoporosis should comprise a combination of legislative action, educational measures, health service activities, media coverage, and individual counselling to initiate changes in behaviour.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;health
Since the reduction of risk factors is the scientific basis for primary prevention, the World Health Organization promotes the development of an integrated strategy for prevention of several diseases, rather than focusing on individual ones.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;health
That the AIDS pandemic is threatening sustainable development in Africa only reinforces the reality that health is at the center of sustainable development.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;health
Women's health is one of WHO's highest priorities.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;health
This is a historic moment in global public health, demonstrating the international will to tackle a threat to health head on.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;health
This syndrome, SARS, is now a worldwide health threat... The world needs to work together to find its cause, cure the sick and stop its spread.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;health
When they favor the access of other people to education and health care, the countries of the North not only demonstrate generosity or solidarity, but also implement the principles of respecting and promoting human rights.;Omar Bongo;health
I don't think it's government's job to find health care for people. I think it's the individual's job to find health care.;Ted Cruz;health
I think the first and principle objective is to repeal Obamacare before it does lasting, fundamental damage to our health care system, to our individual liberty, to the relationship each of us has with his or her doctor.;Ted Cruz;health
My motivation has always been health - eating healthy and taking care of myself.;Gabrielle Reece;health
With a lot of hair and make-up then I'm possibly, remotely attractive. But it's rare, I don't think I'm ugly but I'm nothing particularly special. I'm not a yoga and health girl. I don't exercise that much and I eat crap and smoke and bite my nails.;Lisa Marie Presley;health
I retire with a smile on my face, in good health, and ready to spend autumns at my kids' games instead of my own. I'm excited to start the next chapter of my life.;Drew Bledsoe;health
The majority of Americans receive health insurance coverage through their employers, but with rising health care costs, many small businesses can no longer afford to provide coverage for their employees.;Jim Ryun;health
Skyrocketing insurance premiums are debilitating our Nation's health care delivery system and liability insurers are either leaving the market or raising rates to excessive levels.;Jim Ryun;health
In turn, more physicians, hospitals, and other health care providers are severely limiting their practices, moving to other states, or simply not providing care.;Jim Ryun;health
American families, families back home in Minnesota, know only too well that out-of-pocket expenses for health care have been rising at an astonishing rate.;Jim Ramstad;health
America's veterans deserve the very best health care because they've earned it.;Jim Ramstad;health
The Recovery plan will put money in the pockets of the American worker, create and save millions of new jobs and invest in crucial areas such as health care, education, energy independence and a new infrastructure.;Valerie Jarrett;health
For those that are working part time, in small businesses, or who are unemployed and do not currently have health insurance, we want to make sure that you are covered.;Valerie Jarrett;health
One of the major goals of health insurance reform is to bring down the cost.;Valerie Jarrett;health
We want to make sure that we incentivize the health care system to be designed to provide you the best quality health care possible.;Valerie Jarrett;health
Please be assured that as we move along through the implementation of health insurance reform, making sure that we find efficiencies within the existing system, is foremost on the President's mind.;Valerie Jarrett;health
President Obama stands ready to work with everyone, because that's what the American people expect and deserve - not for the short term political advantages, but the long term health of our country. We don't spend time trying to figure out what's in the minds of Republicans, we try to keep our focus on the American people.;Valerie Jarrett;health
I turned into a workaholic to the point of where my health was in jeopardy.;Tab Hunter;health
Health care costs blunt the competitive edge of American entrepreneurs, from the auto industry to internet start-ups.;Tom Allen;health
By giving every American access to quality, affordable health care, they will create a more competitive, a stronger and more secure America!;Tom Allen;health
To do what we are doing in this budget to our children, cutting their health care funds, decreasing opportunity, simply so we can pay for tax cuts and a war in Iraq is beyond belief, and we need to reverse it.;Tom Allen;health
I'm committed to universal health coverage and education.;Carol Moseley Braun;health
When you're young, you don't think very far ahead. You just think in terms of the next day, the next week, the next competition. You don't think about injuries that could threaten your long-term health.;Katarina Witt;health
I don't work out and be healthy and want a strong body because I want to look good in a bikini. I do all of those things for me and for my health. I'm not going on the cover of 'Maxim' and 'FHM' because that's not me.;Maggie Q;health
What you see is when the government gets involved, you run out of money and health care gets rationed.;Rick Scott;health
If you can eat 70 percent raw or introduce raw into your diet, it will help your health.;Carol Alt;health
We all recognize that in recent decades, many important achievements have helped create a cleaner, healthier environment, yet our national needs in environmental health are not being fully met.;Samuel Wilson;health
America's health care system provides some of the finest doctors and more access to vital medications than any country in the world. And yet, our system has been faltering for many years with the increased cost of health care.;Paul Gillmor;health
The lack of health care coverage has remained very important to me during my time in Congress and as a member of the House Subcommittee on Health, I am working hard with my colleagues to correct these inequalities.;Paul Gillmor;health
The American economy has always been driven by the entrepreneurial nature of its citizens, and blocking access to affordable health care will only suffocate growth within the small business sector of our economy.;Paul Gillmor;health
The World Health Organisation has a lot of its medical experts sitting in Geneva while hospitals in Africa have no drugs and desperate patients are forced to seek medication on the black market.;Pauline Hanson;health
I've never had any health problems and I'm Ruben, man, all the way through.;Ruben Studdard;health
I never want to try to be a spokesperson for health and wellness because I most definitely am not the most in shape person in the world.;Ruben Studdard;health
Health and education are always issues.;Helen Clark;health
Some of the best health care services are free or cost very little and are even available to millionaires but hardly anyone knows they exist.;Matthew Lesko;health
There are few in America that really know how to take advantage of the current health care system.;Matthew Lesko;health
Family, nature and health all go together.;Olivia Newton-John;health
When my friends have a health concern, they call me. I've always been a vitamin taker. I also take digestive enzymes and antioxidants, and supplements that help with the thyroid and adrenals for my time-zone changes.;Carla Gugino;health
People really do make the assumption that I had some weirdo Hollywood upbringing, but my parents are incredibly down-to-earth people who worked really hard to raise us in a way that was health.;Zoe Kazan;health
And whether it is equal pay, health care, Social Security, or family leave, this Congress has refused to address issues critical to hard-working American women.;Louise Slaughter;health
Contraceptives have a proven track record of enhancing the health of women and children, preventing unintended pregnancy, and reducing the need for abortion.;Louise Slaughter;health
For most women, including women who want to have children, contraception is not an option it is a basic health care necessity.;Louise Slaughter;health
Half of all women who are sexually active, but do not want to get pregnant, need publicly funded services to help them access public health programs like Medicaid and Title X, the national family planning program.;Louise Slaughter;health
I've been working with the National Lung Health Education Program to raise awareness about Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.;Loni Anderson;health
For example, lead paint in old houses can be a greater threat to children's health than lead that may be under some industrial site where there are no children.;Fred Thompson;health
For that story, I took as my subject a young woman whom I got to know over the course of a couple of visits. I never saw her having any health problems - but I knew she wanted to be married.;Jhumpa Lahiri;health
Taste is the fundamental quality which sums up all the other qualities. It is the nec plus ultra of the intelligence. Through this alone is genius the supreme health and balance of all the faculties.;Isidore Ducasse Lautreamont;health
We must seek to persuade member states and institutions that better regulation in Europe does not mean cutting health and safety in the workplace, nor does it mean dismantling social standards.;John Hutton;health
From my time in Health I know that choice empowers people lives.;John Hutton;health
City governments ought to be abolished, if only as a public health measure.;L. Neil Smith;health
Growing up, I saw my dad do charity work for children with health issues. That had a profound effect on me.;David Boreanaz;health
I don't think a director should have any kids. I don't even think it's good for your physical health. Even guys in their 30s look exhausted because directors never get enough sleep. What I do is stressful enough.;Tom Berenger;health
As I travel around Idaho and visit with seniors, I hear almost universal concern about the rising cost of health care, particularly the cost of prescription drugs.;Michael K. Simpson;health
We must take action now, by permitting re-importation, to ensure that health care and prescription drugs remain accessible and affordable for everyone.;Michael K. Simpson;health
While most Americans have access to the best oral health care in the world, low-income children suffer disproportionately from oral disease.;Michael K. Simpson;health
Recent demonstration projects have shown that with some Federal support, a little funding can go a long way toward ensuring that low-income children have access to good oral health care.;Michael K. Simpson;health
Fear is a question: What are you afraid of, and why? Just as the seed of health is in illness, because illness contains information, your fears are a treasure house of self-knowledge if you explore them.;Marilyn Ferguson;health
In the midst of these hard times it is our good health and good sleep that are enjoyable.;Knute Nelson;health
Science is the international language, so when we are able to convince countries that good decision-making for human health and animal health is based upon science, that's a real success story for us.;Mike Johanns;health
I've always believed fitness is an entry point to help you build that happier, healthier life. When your health is strong, you're capable of taking risks. You'll feel more confident to ask for the promotion. You'll have more energy to be a better mom. You'll feel more deserving of love.;Jillian Michaels;health
Who is there that ever receives a gift and tries to make bargains about it? Let us, then, return thanks for what He has bestowed on us. Who can tell whether, if we had had a larger share of ability or stronger health, we should not have possessed them to our destruction.;Alphonsus Liguori;health
Having good health, being able to breathe and be happy, that's one of the most beautiful gifts. On top of that, I have the gift to play music and make people happy through that. I'm just telling you from my heart, I'm so in love with life.;Roy Ayers;health
Do you know what the overhead is of the Medicare system? One-point-zero-five percent. Do you know what - private insurance is 30 percent in overhead and profits? Given a choice how I'm going to improve health care, I'm going to take it away from private insurance profits and overhead. Wouldn't you?;Anthony Weiner;health
What I am saying is, all health care has a problem with costs. Medicare is growing slower than the private insurance plans. Why? Because of their efficiency. They don't have to give money to shareholders. Why should be defending shareholders?;Anthony Weiner;health
Is Medicare socialism? You want to get rid of Medicare. And a lot of the people against health care do. I want to preserve it and grow it.;Anthony Weiner;health
Optimism is not inherently a superior way of viewing the world. Certainly doctors will say it might be better for one's physical health to be an optimist. But, morally speaking it may not be appropriate in certain circumstances.;Todd Solondz;health
I believe we can incentivize more affordable health care in general by better regulating insurance and creating meaningful competition for health care services.;Amy Klobuchar;health
I don't think it should be a surprise when we're talking about energy and trying to have more home-grown energy, be less reliant on foreign oil when you look at our health care that we're trying to get more affordable health care, that these are going to create major debates in this country and be somewhat polarizing.;Amy Klobuchar;health
I would prefer a public option that would be a competitive option that would allow people to buy into a Federal Employee Health Benefits Program, which is a series of private plans.;Amy Klobuchar;health
When Medicare was created for senior citizens and America 's disabled in 1965, about half of a senior's health care spending was on doctors and the other half on hospitals.;Dennis Hastert;health
I have a computer screen near my seat where I monitor the overall health of the vehicle and pick up any problems that might be occurring early on or once we see any kind of a malfunction or anything unusual that's happening, we can look at the data and figure out what that is.;Laurel Clark;health
Health care costs are eating the Defense Department alive.;Robert M. Gates;health
Disease and ill health are caused largely by damage at the molecular and cellular level, yet today's surgical tools are too large to deal with that kind of problem.;Ralph Merkle;health
I recently formed a foundation to raise awareness for prostate cancer. I feel it's very necessary that men be more aware about prostate cancer and their health in general.;Herbie Mann;health
I had a job at a movie theater for like a year and a half and then a job at a health food store for, like, two years. Those were the only two jobs I ever had.;Reggie Watts;health
The people in Iraq lived essentially good lives. They had brilliant health and education systems. Saddam actually created an incredible infrastructure in a very difficult country, but they were a Mafia family. If you said anything against that regime or that family you would be killed instantly.;Dominic Cooper;health
People who shop in health food stores never look healthy.;Amy Sedaris;health
The West has been able to bring Afghanistan a much better health service, better education, better roads, a better economy, though some have benefited more some have benefited less from that economic well-being in Afghanistan.;Hamid Karzai;health
Traditionally, Medicare's assurance has been that for the elderly and persons with disabilities that they will not be alone when confronted with the full burden of their health care costs.;Mike Fitzpatrick;health
The drug plans our seniors choose will define their health care options for years to come. If they do not make a decision and wait until the May 15 deadline passes, they will face penalties and higher prices for the drugs that they need.;Mike Fitzpatrick;health
Because I would give it all back to have my health.;David Gest;health
My daily schedule is quite hectic, but I have to put my health first in order to be the best mom and wife I can be.;Ellen Pompeo;health
The ingredients of health and long life, are great temperance, open air, easy labor, and little care.;Philip Sidney;health
Big Brother is on the march. A plan to subject all children to mental health screening is underway, and the pharmaceuticals are gearing up for bigger sales of psychotropic drugs.;Phyllis Schlafly;health
I remember the first pangs of stress arriving at the end of school. Once I graduated I had to get a full-time job, worry about health insurance, saving money, paying rent - things I'd never thought about before.;Ezra Koenig;health
In Philadelphia, our public safety, poverty reduction, health and economic development all start with education. We can't grow the middle class if we don't give our kids the tools they need to innovate and invent.;Michael Nutter;health
I believe that music in itself heals and that everything is about the power of the mind. I thought if you are happy, you don't get ill. Your health is in your head. When you are satisfied with your work, you don't get ill.;Andre Rieu;health
I cherish the creation of public space and services, especially health, housing and the comprehensive education system which dared to give so many of us ideas 'above our station.';Frances O'Grady;health
Remember our proud history of social justice, universal health care, public pensions and making sure no one is left behind. Let's continue to move forward.;Jack Layton;health
I hope for your help to explore and protect the wild ocean in ways that will restore the health and, in so doing, secure hope for humankind. Health to the ocean means health for us.;Sylvia Earle;health
