I think as - all in all, it's better to have a cool president than a not cool president.;Jonah Goldberg;cool
But if the choice is a cool president and 8 or 10 percent unemployment in a declining economy and a country that seems to be going in the wrong direction and structural unemployment for young people at 50 percent, I'd rather have a dorky president who fixed those problems.;Jonah Goldberg;cool
Doing something that warrants the attention of the President of the United States is super cool.;Michael K. Williams;cool
You get to actually see the music video on the TV in the pilot and we have the soundtrack playing at this big party. I thought that was sort of a cool moment, to actually have the A-Ha video is pretty cool.;Will Estes;cool
We had the skirts with the slits up the side, sort of tough, sort of Spanish Harlem cool, but sweet too.;Ronnie Spector;cool
Men, when they fight in movies, it's a very different style. Harrison Ford was so cool when he had the whip, and Bruce Lee was such an artist that you couldn't take your eyes off of him.;Lucy Liu;cool
The cool thing about writing music, writing anything, is that once you publish it, it's there forever.;Ryan Tedder;cool
I am super-proud to have a sort of famous character in my background that if you're a certain age, he was probably a part of your youth. I think that's pretty cool.;Adam Brody;cool
I have been in teen shows for years, so doing that stuff - kissing - is kind of commonplace and not a big deal. It was way more cool just because it was Meg Ryan.;Adam Brody;cool
I think some people record songs and make records a certain way to cater to radio. If you're born to make commercial music that's cool. But if you're born to not make commercial records, maybe you're meant to cater to another market.;Bryan White;cool
It was cool to do someone else's movie. It was a lot of fun.;Jason Mewes;cool
In an online community, there's this kind of social economy between the community members. Some people have status because they make cool skins or that's a good website that's visited a lot, but there's no real gameplay there.;Will Wright;cool
And every now and then people find the bugs, and they interpret those as cool failures in the Sims terms. For them it's like a treasure hunt, you know.;Will Wright;cool
I never really loved school through junior high, but then I started running track my freshman year, and I was just like, 'Wow, this is cool!';Regina King;cool
Athletes are very cool to me.;Regina King;cool
This wired generation is kind of cool.;LeVar Burton;cool
I was horrible at science and math. I couldn't pass a test to save my life! I'm surprised that it didn't take me until I was 20 to graduate. That's why my role is so cool - Grissom is the complete opposite of me.;William Petersen;cool
That's the best way to feed the human mind. That's how Bob Marley did it. He never put it in your face. After you got the groove, you were just singing the hooks, because you thought it was cool.;Wyclef Jean;cool
Ten years ago, it was really difficult for a young actress to walk onto a set and disagree with the director and having that be OK and have a conversation about it and everyone be cool with it.;Maggie Gyllenhaal;cool
It was cool for a couple of weeks, but how much bad golf can you play?;John Goodman;cool
Some of the hip-hop stuff people get into is exciting, because there's a passion and there's something to explain to a more mainstream audience, so you get these passionate writers who want to express their love for rap and hip-hop, which is cool.;Cameron Crowe;cool
A lot of those little things that I really like doing are just moments of cool articulation, just little moments of phrasing that probably go over everybody's head.;Steve Vai;cool
The worst thing I could be thinking is how could I be a cool bass player.;Mike Gordon;cool
He's a guy's guy, so it pretty much became like the impressions - don't imitate Sean Connery's voice, and things like that. We were all kind of doing it towards the end of the film, anyway, and he was cool with it.;Shane West;cool
I found out some really cool ways to swing around the Winchester.;Shane West;cool
It was really cool going to Sea World. We had an amazing time. They were amazing to us. We got to swim with the dolphins, and it was really special.;Sarah Chalke;cool
I like being out front, doing what I do, but then I also like playing in a band too. I'd like to do stuff like I did with Deee-lite. I went out and played with them and they were the stars, that was cool.;Bootsy Collins;cool
If I'm driving to L.A. and have anxiety about making the drive, if I've got Peggy with me, we're cool.;Rita Coolidge;cool
I like to give dimension to shots inside action scenes. It's demanding because you have to rehearse a lot of things happening at the same time and frame all those things in a shot. But I feel like when you accomplish that then you've got a cool action scene.;Jose Padilha;cool
Actually just recently I came up with that idea, watching the movie 'Legally Blonde' and I was like, 'Cool, that's something I want to do.';Lisa Leslie;cool
Everybody hangs out with everybody, which is very strange for a cast this large and this young. We're all cool and down to earth and not caught up in this maniacal business at all... . Everybody really, really likes everybody else.;Lizzy Caplan;cool
A Christian high school is just like any other high school in the sense of the politics and all of these levels of who's cool and what to wear.;Jena Malone;cool
When you're nearing 35, going, 'Hey Dad, I can't make these payments,' just isn't cool.;Eleanor Mondale;cool
I wanted to be an actress. I think it had a lot to do with being a kid and watching how every time my dad would stand up to talk people would applaud... that was pretty cool.;Eleanor Mondale;cool
I think trying to be cool is the worst possible ambition - and I have never suffered from it.;Ben Elton;cool
It's pretty cool to see how far music can take you.;Luke Bryan;cool
I was training more learning how to scuba dive which I'd never done which was really, really, really cool.;Ashley Scott;cool
My purpose is to make a movie to make you warm. To give you some heat. Now, this rational world has become a place where only what is cool is good. Do you cut the movie on the basis of the beat of modernity or the basis of the beat of your own heart?;Emir Kusturica;cool
Punk's influence on music, movies, art, design and fashion is no longer in doubt. It is used as the measurement for what is cool.;Malcolm Mclaren;cool
I like that band Get Hustle. They're cool live. I haven't heard their records, though.;Stephen Malkmus;cool
It was really really neat to make the movie because there were mentally challenged actors in the movie. So that was really really cool to work with them and they were always really happy, and they made everybody really happy on the set too.;Dakota Fanning;cool
Courtney Love is really cool and funny. I would like to meet Julia Roberts and Cameron Diaz. I think I could play their daughters.;Dakota Fanning;cool
We used to play the underground clubs like the UFO, and Middle Earth, and they were great because they would have on things like a poet, string quartets, and then a rock band! It was kinda cool!;Alvin Lee;cool
They have decided to tour under the name of Ten Years After which I don't think is very cool. To be honest, they have had to do that as it's the only way they can get any work.;Alvin Lee;cool
I've been such an oddball my whole life, but I've always been cool and I've always dressed fairly smartly.;Cee Lo Green;cool
I think I've been incredibly raw my whole career. A lot of people spend a lot of time trying to look cool and spend time being guarded and putting up walls. I just never had the time. It seems more honest to say, 'Hey, this is who I am.';Ryan Adams;cool
Orlando's a part of me. The next guy's a part of me. And the next guy's a part of me. That's all I'm trying to do, is tell cool stories that people can relate to.;Shemar Moore;cool
The cool part about working for Disney is that they've allowed me to be a change agent.;Christy Romano;cool
When you're 14, anything with a sword and a dragon is pretty cool. But when you're 21 and you've read 2,000 fantasy novels, you start to realize that some of those books, well, they weren't really good. OK, let's be honest. A lot of them were crap.;Patrick Rothfuss;cool
I never set out to become 'famous.' I mean, when you're 14 you think 'I'm gonna become a writer and people will want my autograph and that'll be cool,' but you grow up and you learn that's just not how the world works. I resigned myself to the fact that I would probably never be published and if I did it probably wouldn't be a big deal.;Patrick Rothfuss;cool
Don't get me wrong, magic is cool. But a nervous mother singing to her child at night while something moves quietly through the dark outside her house? That's a story. Handled properly, it's more dramatic than any apocalypse or goblin army could ever be.;Patrick Rothfuss;cool
Look at Neil Diamond. Was he the cool guy? No, he was the housewives' guy. He didn't try to be what he wasn't. He just did what he did - made great music, was a good entertainer, nice-enough guy.;Michael Buble;cool
My friends that are snobs think its cool I did a movie with Albert Brooks.;Robin Tunney;cool
On stage, we just want to generate hysteria. We don't care about looking cool or posing.;Adrian Edmondson;cool
See, at a certain point it becomes cool to be boy crazy. That happens in sixth grade, and it gives you so much social status, particularly in an all-girls school, if you can go up and talk to boys.;Rosalind Wiseman;cool
I'm not hip, I'm not cool, I'm not glib.;Eric Bogosian;cool
Roy Schneider was cool. I learned quite a bit from him.;Jonathan Brandis;cool
Tobey's a mellow, cool guy. He's just a good guy. I know that's not the answer you want, and I don't mean that as the political thing to say, but he's a nice guy.;Neil Patrick Harris;cool
You want hot days to get your fruit ripe but then you want it to cool off nicely at night so that the grapes stay on the vine longer and develop complexity.;Drew Bledsoe;cool
I joined MySpace in September 2003. At that time no one was on there at all. I felt like a loser while all the cool kids were at some other school. So I mass e-mailed between 30,000 and 50,000 people and told them to come over. Everybody joined overnight.;Tila Tequila;cool
Everyone in Hollywood wanted a role in this movie. Everyone wanted to have a part in it. I feel so lucky that I got one, but what I find so cool about 'Hunger Games' is that the real star is the story itself.;Alexander Ludwig;cool
When I first started acting I was about nine years old. I had never been to audition in my life and my agent sent me out. It was just a commercial for 'Harry Potter.' That was the first thing I ever went out for and I got the 'Harry Potter' commercial which was really cool, but I didn't play Harry Potter.;Alexander Ludwig;cool
If we really wanted to be cool, and everyone in the world had Pro Tools, we could just put it up on the internet and everyone could make their own record out of it.;Charlie Hunter;cool
In politics almost all of us are nerds, so that's just a given... but we're cool nerds.;Jonathan Krohn;cool
They used to say it was bad for Indians to drink, but it's bad for anybody. When they drink they lose their cool, a lot of us. Like when we played with Sonny Boy, I would never get paid, you know. He would drink up all the money.;Ike Turner;cool
If I took over the 'Glamour' offices for a day, I would put Joe Pesci on the cover. I would say 'We've got to change all these magazines a little bit. We have to bring out a different version of what is, like, cool. You know, what's winning. Joe Pesci, Burt Reynolds.';Jake Johnson;cool
You know, what 'New Girl' is doing is they're bringing in really cool people. These are home-run people who aren't your typical guest-star-type people.;Jake Johnson;cool
My first three years of high school, I wasn't that cool.;Jonathan Bennett;cool
I never think of myself as any kind of sex symbol, but I get letters from all over, all sorts. It's really cool. I get a lot from inmates, which is kind of scary. But the best was the guy who wanted to send me a plane ticket to fly me to his prom.;Laura Prepon;cool
There are some people who have stayed with us our whole career, which is pretty cool too.;Mike McCready;cool
I'm so critical of myself. I'm actually really, really proud of the film. It's really cool to see a movie at Sundance because everybody is so supportive.;Giovanni Ribisi;cool
My parents have always been cool. They even became surrogates to friends of mine who didn't have such supportive parents.;Olivia Williams;cool
We got to do a few things with President Clinton. To be invited to Washington again to play with Ashanti and all those other cool people there in front of President Bush and the rest of the world feels awesome. I'm really looking forward to going.;Darius Rucker;cool
The thing about stand-up was, I was doing all this sketch and YouTube stuff where I was not being censored and I got to do my own thing, and it was really cool.;Donald Glover;cool
Having your own character in a video game is pretty cool.;Josie Maran;cool
The military is a very cool world to write about. I went down to Ft. Benning, Ga., for military training, and I learned a lot about soldiers and officers and why they joined up and what their life has been like.;David Baldacci;cool
Unless something real cool comes along, I will probably be doing features, so long as I can make a living doing that. Otherwise, I will do another show.;Danny Masterson;cool
I am a huge fashion fan. It's a really cool way to express yourself.;Kiernan Shipka;cool
I do resent that when you're in the most cool, powerful time of your life, which is your 40s, you're put out to pasture. I think women are so much cooler when they're older. So it's a drag that we're not allowed to age.;Rosanna Arquette;cool
If it was just me and Elvis one on one, which only happened once or twice in the times that I did see him, it was a really comfortable. He was a cool guy. Easy laugh, nice guy.;Mac Davis;cool
I think you go through a period as a teenager of being quite cool and unaffected by things.;Miranda Otto;cool
I definitely dislike pomposity and artifice. I hope that I'm not that. Once I write a song, it belongs to the world, and the way people perceive it, it's cool.;Daryl Hall;cool
The simplest way to do something cool is the cross-turn. Like in the '80s - Michael Jackson did it. You jump and cross your legs together at the same time, and then spin out of it. That's it.;Heather Morris;cool
You don't want to be too cool. But you don't want to be too dorky. Still, I find it so much better to see a guy at a club being a dork, and having fun, than trying to be sexy.;Heather Morris;cool
I just did a part in 'Sin City 2.' I got to do a scene with Ray Liotta. Amazing man, extraordinary gentleman who was just so kind to me... I'm so excited about that I think it's gonna be very cool.;Juno Temple;cool
Almost all the fans I meet are pretty cool people. They're intelligent and tend to think about things a bit more than your average rock'n'roll fans: sensible people I wouldn't mind having a drink with.;Peter Buck;cool
The name Crow was inspired by a number of things. I thought it would be cool to have a robot with sort of a Native American feel to it.;Joel Hodgson;cool
But if you think you aren't creative that's cool, too. I think being around people who aren't creative is kind of refreshing and nice.;Joel Hodgson;cool
It feels quite cool, in a mad way, to be someone who skulks about in the shadows.;Peter Baynham;cool
I'd wear flip-flops and jeans. I guess that's not cool.;Bill Rancic;cool
Meyer and I have a bit in common because we're both left-handed. I think it's great that he seeks out that advice because he's not too cool or too uncomfortable to ask for it.;Barry Zito;cool
Everyone focuses on the earthly state, but how cool might death be? I believe in spiritual rebirth, and I can't wait to experience that.;Barry Zito;cool
I love people, and I love to be with people and to make music with people, but my natural state is to revert back to being by myself in my house, which is cool because that's where I practice and write and listen and study.;Esperanza Spalding;cool
I think I'm much too earnest to be as cool as 'Boyd Crowder'.;Walton Goggins;cool
I love Prince Harry. Good looking and a bit of a rebel. Me and his dad are as thick as thieves and I knew Harry before I knew his dad so we've met a few times. I think he's amazing. And I think you can relate to him because he's made mistakes. He's cool.;Cheryl Cole;cool
My friend and I sang an a cappella rendition of Extreme's 'More Than Words' at one of our football pep rallies in a desperate attempt to look cool. For a while, I wore pink Converse All Stars because I thought it made me seem daring and irreverent.;Ed Helms;cool
I try to explain to people that you get the roles that are right when they're right. If you have a nerd character but you're kind of a cool guy, you're probably not going to get the nerd part. The nerd is going to get the nerd part. You know, someone like me.;Ed Helms;cool
I'm a massive fan of Drake, and we walked right past him. He's too cool to be clapping One Direction though.;Zayn Malik;cool
I saw a drummer play once when I was a kid and I thought, that's really cool. You know, you're moving. You're using your arms and fingers. So I tried it and I loved it.;Bill Kreutzmann;cool
