I was so naive as a kid I used to sneak behind the barn and do nothing.;Johnny Carson;funny
That's my only goal. Surround myself with funny people, and make sure everyone has a good time and works hard.;Joe Rogan;funny
The IRS! They're like the Mafia, they can take anything they want!;Jerry Seinfeld;funny
Well, if I called the wrong number, why did you answer the phone?;James Thurber;funny
If at first you don't succeed... so much for skydiving.;Henny Youngman;funny
The first time I sang in the church choir two hundred people changed their religion.;Fred Allen;funny
Polite conversation is rarely either.;Fran Lebowitz;funny
If you have a secret, people will sit a little bit closer.;Rob Corddry;funny
If at first you don't succeed, find out if the loser gets anything.;William Lyon Phelps;funny
As I get older, I just prefer to knit.;Tracey Ullman;funny
If you live to be one hundred, you've got it made. Very few people die past that age.;George Burns;funny
I was a vegetarian until I started leaning toward the sunlight.;Rita Rudner;funny
Every man has his follies - and often they are the most interesting thing he has got.;Josh Billings;funny
Never floss with a stranger.;Joan Rivers;funny
I was sleeping the other night, alone, thanks to the exterminator.;Emo Philips;funny
The digital camera is a great invention because it allows us to reminisce. Instantly.;Demetri Martin;funny
If God wanted us to fly, He would have given us tickets.;Mel Brooks;funny
Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt, not swallowed.;Josh Billings;funny
Mail your packages early so the post office can lose them in time for Christmas.;Johnny Carson;funny
Television has changed the American child from an irresistable force to an immovable object.;Laurence J. Peter;funny
To attract men, I wear a perfume called 'New Car Interior.';Rita Rudner;funny
Have enough sense to know, ahead of time, when your skills will not extend to wallpapering.;Marilyn vos Savant;funny
I've never been married, but I tell people I'm divorced so they won't think something's wrong with me.;Elayne Boosler;funny
I have yet to hear a man ask for advice on how to combine marriage and a career.;Gloria Steinem;funny
I like marriage. The idea.;Toni Morrison;funny
I spent a year in that town, one Sunday.;George Burns;funny
My theory is that all of Scottish cuisine is based on a dare.;Mike Myers;funny
God did not intend religion to be an exercise club.;Naguib Mahfouz;funny
My uncle Sammy was an angry man. He had printed on his tombstone: What are you looking at?;Margaret Smith;funny
I used to sell furniture for a living. The trouble was, it was my own.;Les Dawson;funny
Retirement at sixty-five is ridiculous. When I was sixty-five I still had pimples.;George Burns;funny
The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl.;Dave Barry;funny
In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk.;Rita Rudner;funny
Television has brought back murder into the home - where it belongs.;Alfred Hitchcock;funny
Communism is like one big phone company.;Lenny Bruce;funny
There's nothing wrong with being shallow as long as you're insightful about it.;Dennis Miller;funny
I don't have to look up my family tree, because I know that I'm the sap.;Fred Allen;funny
There's no such thing as soy milk. It's soy juice.;Lewis Black;funny
Who picks your clothes - Stevie Wonder?;Don Rickles;funny
There's a great power in words, if you don't hitch too many of them together.;Josh Billings;funny
My father would take me to the playground, and put me on mood swings.;Jay London;funny
When I go to a bar, I don't go looking for a girl who knows the capital of Maine.;David Brenner;funny
I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.;Arthur Conan Doyle;funny
I don't have a bank account because I don't know my mother's maiden name.;Paula Poundstone;funny
Defy your own group. Rebel against yourself.;Cathy Guisewite;funny
I don't deserve this award, but I have arthritis and I don't deserve that either.;Jack Benny;funny
I rant, therefore I am.;Dennis Miller;funny
It is easy for me to love myself, but for ladies to do it is another question altogether.;Johnny Vegas;funny
My wife has a slight impediment in her speech. Every now and then she stops to breathe.;Jimmy Durante;funny
When you're in love it's the most glorious two and a half days of your life.;Richard Lewis;funny
When the sun comes up, I have morals again.;Elayne Boosler;funny
Tell us your phobias and we will tell you what you are afraid of.;Robert Benchley;funny
I grew up in Europe, where the history comes from.;Eddie Izzard;funny
Progress was all right. Only it went on too long.;James Thurber;funny
Our national flower is the concrete cloverleaf.;Lewis Mumford;funny
The day I made that statement, about the inventing the internet, I was tired because I'd been up all night inventing the Camcorder.;Al Gore;funny
Never put a sock in a toaster.;Eddie Izzard;funny
I'm going to marry a Jewish woman because I like the idea of getting up Sunday morning and going to the deli.;Michael J. Fox;funny
We need two kinds of acquaintances, one to complain to, while to the others we boast.;Logan P. Smith;funny
If I have to lay an egg for my country, I'll do it.;Bob Hope;funny
I may be a living legend, but that sure don't help when I've got to change a flat tire.;Roy Orbison;funny
I wish I had the nerve not to tip.;Paul Lynde;funny
How long was I in the army? Five foot eleven.;Spike Milligan;funny
The way taxes are, you might as well marry for love.;Joe E. Lewis;funny
I recorded my hair this morning, tonight I'm watching the highlights.;Jay London;funny
I was born in very sorry circumstances. Both of my parents were very sorry.;Norman Wisdom;funny
People say that life is the thing, but I prefer reading.;Logan P. Smith;funny
I can speak Esperanto like a native.;Spike Milligan;funny
Ever notice that Soup for One is eight aisles away from Party Mix?;Elayne Boosler;funny
Every cloud has its silver lining but it is sometimes a little difficult to get it to the mint.;Don Marquis;funny
It all started when my dog began getting free roll over minutes.;Jay London;funny
Miami Beach is where neon goes to die.;Lenny Bruce;funny
Why don't you get out of that wet coat and into a dry martini?;Robert Benchley;funny
The best measure of a man's honesty isn't his income tax return. It's the zero adjust on his bathroom scale.;Arthur C. Clarke;funny
I have just returned from Boston. It is the only thing to do if you find yourself up there.;Fred Allen;funny
I cannot sing, dance or act what else would I be but a talk show host.;David Letterman;funny
I think serial monogamy says it all.;Tracey Ullman;funny
I quit therapy because my analyst was trying to help me behind my back.;Richard Lewis;funny
I sang in the choir for years, even though my family belonged to another church.;Paul Lynde;funny
The one thing you shouldn't do is try to tell a cab driver how to get somewhere.;Jimmy Fallon;funny
My mother was against me being an actress - until I introduced her to Frank Sinatra.;Angie Dickinson;funny
All my children inherited perfect pitch.;Chevy Chase;funny
I'm thankful for the three ounce Ziploc bag, so that I have somewhere to put my savings.;Paula Poundstone;funny
Whoever is my relative, I will not be nice to them.;George Lopez;funny
I'm a misplaced American, but don't know where I was misplaced.;Ruby Wax;funny
I would talk in iambic pentameter if it were easier.;Howard Nemerov;funny
Parrots make great pets. They have more personality than goldfish.;Chevy Chase;funny
If man knew how women pass the time when they are alone, they'd never marry.;O. Henry;funny
Here in Hollywood you can actually get a marriage license printed on an Etch-A-Sketch.;Dennis Miller;funny
I have a very low level of recognition, which is fine by me.;Dylan Moran;funny
I'm kidding about having only a few dollars. I might have a few dollars more.;James Brown;funny
I'd never been in play long enough for the flowers to die in the dressing room.;Mercedes McCambridge;funny
I'm the only man in the world with a marriage licence made out to whom it may concern.;Mickey Rooney;funny
Someone told me that when they go to Vermont, they feel like they're home. I'm that way at Saks.;Caroline Rhea;funny
Trust is hard to come by. That's why my circle is small and tight. I'm kind of funny about making new friends.;Eminem;funny
I was asked to act when I couldn't act. I was asked to sing 'Funny Face' when I couldn't sing, and dance with Fred Astaire when I couldn't dance - and do all kinds of things I wasn't prepared for. Then I tried like mad to cope with it.;Audrey Hepburn;funny
There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God.;Bill Cosby;funny
Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh.;George Bernard Shaw;funny
From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere.;Dr. Seuss;funny
