Start living now. Stop saving the good china for that special occasion. Stop withholding your love until that special person materializes. Every day you are alive is a special occasion. Every minute, every breath, is a gift from God.;Mary Manin Morrissey;love
I'm not saying that love always takes you to heaven. Your life can become a nightmare. But that said, it is worth taking the risk.;Paulo Coelho;love
What I cannot love, I overlook. Is that real friendship?;Anais Nin;love
I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job.;Margaret Thatcher;love
Ask those who love Him with a sincere love, and they will tell you that they find no greater or prompter relief amid the troubles of their life than in loving conversation with their Divine Friend.;Alphonsus Liguori;love
Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom.;Rabindranath Tagore;love
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;love
Whoever loves becomes humble. Those who love have, so to speak, pawned a part of their narcissism.;Sigmund Freud;love
If love does not know how to give and take without restrictions, it is not love, but a transaction that never fails to lay stress on a plus and a minus.;Emma Goldman;love
Acceptance is not love. You love a person because he or she has lovable traits, but you accept everybody just because they're alive and human.;Albert Ellis;love
And I ask why am I black, they say I was born in sin, and shamed inequity. One of the main songs we used to sing in church makes me sick, 'love wash me and I shall be whiter than snow.;Peter Tosh;love
Love has features which pierce all hearts, he wears a bandage which conceals the faults of those beloved. He has wings, he comes quickly and flies away the same.;Voltaire;love
Well, love is insanity. The ancient Greeks knew that. It is the taking over of a rational and lucid mind by delusion and self-destruction. You lose yourself, you have no power over yourself, you can't even think straight.;Marilyn French;love
I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else.;John Keats;love
True love stories never have endings.;Richard Bach;love
It's good for everyone to understand that they are to love their enemies, simply because your enemies show you things about yourself you need to change. So in actuality enemies are friends in reverse.;Gary Busey;love
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.;William Ellery Channing;love
I always like to win. But I'm the big sister. I want to make sure she has everything, even if I don't have anything. It's hard. I love her too much. That's what counts.;Venus Williams;love
Behold, my friends, the spring is come the earth has gladly received the embraces of the sun, and we shall soon see the results of their love!;Sitting Bull;love
A bell's not a bell 'til you ring it, A song's not a song 'til you sing it, Love in your heart wasn't put there to stay, Love isn't love 'til you give it away!;Oscar Hammerstein II;love
It is not the creation of wealth that is wrong, but the love of money for its own sake.;Margaret Thatcher;love
Depression is when you have lots of love, but no one's taking.;Doug Coupland;love
I think what motivates people is not great hate, but great love for other people.;Huey Newton;love
We can't form our children on our own concepts we must take them and love them as God gives them to us.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;love
Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your good health has vanished.;Og Mandino;love
You should hurry up and acquire the cigar habit. It's one of the major happinesses. And so much more lasting than love, so much less costly in emotional wear and tear.;Aldous Huxley;love
All men and women have an equal need for love. When these needs are not fulfilled it is easy to have our feelings hurt, for which we blame our partner.;John Gray;love
I love my family very much. I wish I could see them a little more often than I do. But we understand because we're a show business family and we all work.;Michael Jackson;love
We do not judge the people we love.;Jean-Paul Sartre;love
Love cannot endure indifference. It needs to be wanted. Like a lamp, it needs to be fed out of the oil of another's heart, or its flame burns low.;Henry Ward Beecher;love
Trust in what you love, continue to do it, and it will take you where you need to go.;Natalie Goldberg;love
For love would be love of the wrong thing there is yet faith, But the faith and the love and the hope are all in the waiting.;T. S. Eliot;love
Grief is the price we pay for love.;Queen Elizabeth II;love
I love blackjack. But I'm not addicted to gambling. I'm addicted to sitting in a semi circle.;Mitch Hedberg;love
I love everything that's old, - old friends, old times, old manners, old books, old wine.;Oliver Goldsmith;love
He that is jealous is not in love.;Saint Augustine;love
The hardest people to reach with the love of God are not the bad people. They know they are bad. They have no defense. The hardest ones to win for God are the self-righteous people.;Charles L. Allen;love
But when women are moved and lend help, when women, who are by nature calm and controlled, give encouragement and applause, when virtuous and knowledgeable women grace the endeavor with their sweet love, then it is invincible.;Jose Marti;love
If a person loves only one other person and is indifferent to all others, his love is not love but a symbiotic attachment, or an enlarged egotism.;Erich Fromm;love
Love has its place, as does hate. Peace has its place, as does war. Mercy has its place, as do cruelty and revenge.;Meir Kahane;love
You can never control who you fall in love with, even when you're in the most sad, confused time of your life. You don't fall in love with people because they're fun. It just happens.;Kirsten Dunst;love
I love America more than any other country in this world, and, exactly for this reason, I insist on the right to criticize her perpetually.;James A. Baldwin;love
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.;Elie Wiesel;love
My mom and dad gave their kids the greatest gift of all - the gift of unconditional love. They cared deeply about who we would be, and much less about what we would do.;Mitt Romney;love
I do not want a husband who honours me as a queen, if he does not love me as a woman.;Elizabeth I;love
Women have simple tastes. They get pleasure out of the conversation of children in arms and men in love.;H. L. Mencken;love
Love is a trap. When it appears, we see only its light, not its shadows.;Paulo Coelho;love
I do not think there is any thrill that can go through the human heart like that felt by the inventor as he sees some creation of the brain unfolding to success... such emotions make a man forget food, sleep, friends, love, everything.;Nikola Tesla;love
I can't imagine anything more worthwhile than doing what I most love. And they pay me for it.;Edgar Winter;love
If you love those who love you, what credit is that to you? For even sinners love those who love them. And if you do good to those who do good to you, what credit is that to you? For even sinners do the same.;Jesus Christ;love
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.;George Sand;love
It is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend his faults. So to love a man that you cannot bear to see a stain upon him, and to speak painful truth through loving words, that is friendship.;Henry Ward Beecher;love
It is not love that is blind, but jealousy.;Lawrence Durrell;love
Romantic love is mental illness. But it's a pleasurable one. It's a drug. It distorts reality, and that's the point of it. It would be impossible to fall in love with someone that you really saw.;Fran Lebowitz;love
Absences are a good influence in love and keep it bright and delicate.;Robert Louis Stevenson;love
Authenticity is the alignment of head, mouth, heart, and feet - thinking, saying, feeling, and doing the same thing - consistently. This builds trust, and followers love leaders they can trust.;Lance Secretan;love
The truth is I love being alive. And I love feeling free. So if I can't have those things then I feel like a caged animal and I'd rather not be in a cage. I'd rather be dead. And it's real simple. And I think it's not that uncommon.;Angelina Jolie;love
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference.;Elie Wiesel;love
And a special thank you to the citizens of Massachusetts: You are paying all the taxes, creating all the jobs, raising all the children. This government is yours. Thank you for letting me serve you. I love this job.;Mitt Romney;love
The most important thing in the world is family and love.;John Wooden;love
Love is the most important thing in the world. Hate, we should remove from the dictionary.;John Wooden;love
Love is moral even without legal marriage, but marriage is immoral without love.;Ellen Key;love
Among those whom I like or admire, I can find no common denominator, but among those whom I love, I can: all of them make me laugh.;W. H. Auden;love
One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.;Virginia Woolf;love
Accept that all of us can be hurt, that all of us can and surely will at times fail. Other vulnerabilities, like being embarrassed or risking love, can be terrifying, too. I think we should follow a simple rule: if we can take the worst, take the risk.;Joyce Brothers;love
All brave men love for he only is brave who has affections to fight for, whether in the daily battle of life, or in physical contests.;Nathaniel Hawthorne;love
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals I am a vegetarian because I hate plants.;A. Whitney Brown;love
How I Love Lucy was born? We decided that instead of divorce lawyers profiting from our mistakes, we'd profit from them.;Lucille Ball;love
Love is the answer to everything. It's the only reason to do anything. If you don't write stories you love, you'll never make it. If you don't write stories that other people love, you'll never make it.;Ray Bradbury;love
Computers are magnificent tools for the realization of our dreams, but no machine can replace the human spark of spirit, compassion, love, and understanding.;Louis Gerstner;love
The more I think about it, the more I realize there is nothing more artistic than to love others.;Vincent Van Gogh;love
My mother's love has always been a sustaining force for our family, and one of my greatest joys is seeing her integrity, her compassion, her intelligence reflected in my daughters.;Michelle Obama;love
Love, like a chicken salad or restaurant hash, must be taken with blind faith or it loses its flavor.;Helen Rowland;love
So long as we love, we serve so long as we are loved by others, I should say that we are almost indispensable and no man is useless while he has a friend.;Robert Louis Stevenson;love
True love is eternal, infinite, and always like itself. It is equal and pure, without violent demonstrations: it is seen with white hairs and is always young in the heart.;Honore de Balzac;love
Music is what I breath, what I love to do. It keeps me alive.;Miley Cyrus;love
Passion is momentary love is enduring.;John Wooden;love
To fall in love is easy, even to remain in it is not difficult our human loneliness is cause enough. But it is a hard quest worth making to find a comrade through whose steady presence one becomes steadily the person one desires to be.;Anna Louise Strong;love
As much as I would love to be a person that goes to parties and has a couple of drinks and has a nice time, that doesn't work for me. I'd just rather sit at home and read, or go out to dinner with someone, or talk to someone I love, or talk to somebody that makes me laugh.;Daniel Radcliffe;love
This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment. First to let go of life. Finally, to take a step without feet.;Rumi;love
I love you more than my own skin.;Frida Kahlo;love
First and last, what is demanded of genius is love of truth.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;love
We cannot fashion our children after our desires, we must have them and love them as God has given them to us.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;love
To be in love is merely to be in a state of perceptual anesthesia - to mistake an ordinary young woman for a goddess.;H. L. Mencken;love
I love to put on lotion. Sometimes I'll watch TV and go into a lotion trance for an hour. I try to find brands that don't taste bad in case anyone wants to taste me.;Angelina Jolie;love
Prayer does not use up artificial energy, doesn't burn up any fossil fuel, doesn't pollute. Neither does song, neither does love, neither does the dance.;Margaret Mead;love
I love Wagner, but the music I prefer is that of a cat hung up by its tail outside a window and trying to stick to the panes of glass with its claws.;Charles Baudelaire;love
Love can do much, but duty more.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;love
About all you can do in life is be who you are. Some people will love you for you. Most will love you for what you can do for them, and some won't like you at all.;Rita Mae Brown;love
Love consists in giving without getting in return in giving what is not owed, what is not due the other. That's why true love is never based, as associations for utility or pleasure are, on a fair exchange.;Mortimer Adler;love
I have a love interest in every one of my films: a gun.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;love
There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony. There is time for work. And time for love. That leaves no other time!;Coco Chanel;love
I don't know if I believe in love at first sight, but of course I believe in two people having chemistry right away. A girl should be really easy to talk to. When I lose track of time because we've been talking, I think that's really fun.;Zac Efron;love
If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love.;Michel de Montaigne;love
There are fathers who do not love their children there is no grandfather who does not adore his grandson.;Victor Hugo;love
Sex is a part of love. You shouldn't go around doing it unless you are in love.;Bettie Page;love
When I see children, I see the face of God. That's why I love them so much. That's what I see.;Michael Jackson;love
In art as in love, instinct is enough.;Anatole France;love
Love always involves responsibility, and love always involves sacrifice. And we do not really love Christ unless we are prepared to face His task and to take up His Cross.;William Barclay;love
