People are funny, and in the most tragic situations, when comedy erupts from nowhere, it can turn on its head within the space of a second or a minute. You're laughing one minute and you're crying the next and that's just life for me, and that is what people are like.;Sally Hawkins;funny
So it was just funny to read a script that was just similar to what had been going on in my life.;Piper Perabo;funny
When we criticize in Iran the actions of the government, the fundamentalists say that we and the Bush Administration are in the same camp. The funny thing is that human rights activists and Mr. Bush can never be situated in the same group.;Shirin Ebadi;funny
I have a funny family, but none of them are remotely in show business.;Wanda Sykes;funny
It is funny because the guy who is my boss now, Howard Stern, has a similarity there. He got big being a regular guy. He wasn't the greatest looking guy in the world.;Artie Lange;funny
But I think funny and talent will always win out I mean, of course there are hurdles, but I think if you're funny you will get over all of that.;Wanda Sykes;funny
The last person they expected to connect with a screenplay was the comedic, blonde actress with the funny voice.;Joey Lauren Adams;funny
The empires of the future are the empires of the mind.;Winston Churchill;future
Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.;Oscar Wilde;future
Again, you can't connect the dots looking forward you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.;Steve Jobs;future
I never think of the future - it comes soon enough.;Albert Einstein;future
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.;William Shakespeare;future
The distinction between the past, present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion.;Albert Einstein;future
You can't connect the dots looking forward you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.;Steve Jobs;future
The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own. You do not blame them on your mother, the ecology, or the president. You realize that you control your own destiny.;Albert Ellis;future
If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future.;Winston Churchill;future
Let others lead small lives, but not you. Let others argue over small things, but not you. Let others cry over small hurts, but not you. Let others leave their future in someone else's hands, but not you.;Jim Rohn;future
Every man gotta right to decide his own destiny.;Bob Marley;future
I do not want to foresee the future. I am concerned with taking care of the present. God has given me no control over the moment following.;Mahatma Gandhi;future
In this bright future you can't forget your past.;Bob Marley;future
Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.;Malcolm X;future
For time and the world do not stand still. Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or the present are certain to miss the future.;John F. Kennedy;future
Stop acting as if life is a rehearsal. Live this day as if it were your last. The past is over and gone. The future is not guaranteed.;Wayne Dyer;future
It looks like the future's really bright.;Michael P. Anderson;future
I believe that you control your destiny, that you can be what you want to be. You can also stop and say, 'No, I won't do it, I won't behave his way anymore. I'm lonely and I need people around me, maybe I have to change my methods of behaving,' and then you do it.;Leo Buscaglia;future
The future starts today, not tomorrow.;Pope John Paul II;future
What matters is to live in the present, live now, for every moment is now. It is your thoughts and acts of the moment that create your future. The outline of your future path already exists, for you created its pattern by your past.;Sai Baba;future
Destiny is no matter of chance. It is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.;William Jennings Bryan;future
Study the past, if you would divine the future.;Confucius;future
Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.;George Orwell;future
I don't think the human mind can comprehend the past and the future. They are both just illusions that can manipulate you into thinking theres some kind of change.;Bob Dylan;future
I just don't want to live like I used to. And at some point, I'm going to put a gag order on myself in terms of talking about the past. I've got to slam the door and deal with the present and the future.;Charlie Sheen;future
Life is divided into three terms - that which was, which is, and which will be. Let us learn from the past to profit by the present, and from the present, to live better in the future.;William Wordsworth;future
A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.;Denis Waitley;future
God wants us to prosper financially, to have plenty of money, to fulfill the destiny He has laid out for us.;Joel Osteen;future
The future ain't what it used to be.;Yogi Berra;future
There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past.;George Carlin;future
Destiny has two ways of crushing us - by refusing our wishes and by fulfilling them.;Henri Frederic Amiel;future
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.;Marcus Aurelius;future
I know of no way of judging the future but by the past.;Patrick Henry;future
Our human compassion binds us the one to the other - not in pity or patronizingly, but as human beings who have learnt how to turn our common suffering into hope for the future.;Nelson Mandela;future
On every front there are clear answers out there that can make this country stronger, but we're going to break through the fear and the frustration people are feeling. Our job is to make sure that even as we make progress, that we are also giving people a sense of hope and vision for the future.;Barack Obama;future
The past is a ghost, the future a dream, and all we ever have is now.;Bill Cosby;future
No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.;Alan Watts;future
The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments.;Gustave Flaubert;future
The main goal of the future is to stop violence. The world is addicted to it.;Bill Cosby;future
Elegance is not the prerogative of those who have just escaped from adolescence, but of those who have already taken possession of their future.;Coco Chanel;future
If you believe that feeling bad or worrying long enough will change a past or future event, then you are residing on another planet with a different reality system.;William James;future
The future rewards those who press on. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I'm going to press on.;Barack Obama;future
Upper classes are a nation's past the middle class is its future.;Ayn Rand;future
Happy is the person who knows what to remember of the past, what to enjoy in the present, and what to plan for in the future.;Arnold H. Glasow;future
As long as we are persistence in our pursuit of our deepest destiny, we will continue to grow. We cannot choose the day or time when we will fully bloom. It happens in its own time.;Denis Waitley;future
Well, the future for me is already a thing of the past.;Bob Dylan;future
The future belongs to those who prepare for it today.;Malcolm X;future
Prediction is very difficult, especially if it's about the future.;Niels Bohr;future
Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too.;Marcus Aurelius;future
It is not enough to understand, or to see clearly. The future will be shaped in the arena of human activity, by those willing to commit their minds and their bodies to the task.;Robert Kennedy;future
The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was, the present worse than it is, and the future less resolved than it will be.;Marcel Pagnol;future
The essence of optimism is that it takes no account of the present, but it is a source of inspiration, of vitality and hope where others have resigned it enables a man to hold his head high, to claim the future for himself and not to abandon it to his enemy.;Dietrich Bonhoeffer;future
A person often meets his destiny on the road he took to avoid it.;Jean de La Fontaine;future
Choose your friends with caution plan your future with purpose, and frame your life with faith.;Thomas S. Monson;future
I don't try to describe the future. I try to prevent it.;Ray Bradbury;future
I'm not sure what the future holds but I do know that I'm going to be positive and not wake up feeling desperate. As my dad said 'Nic, it is what it is, it's not what it should have been, not what it could have been, it is what it is.';Nicole Kidman;future
Look not mournfully into the past, it comes not back again. Wisely improve the present, it is thine. Go forth to meet the shadowy future without fear and with a manly heart.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;future
Cease to inquire what the future has in store, and take as a gift whatever the day brings forth.;Horace;future
There is nothing like a dream to create the future.;Victor Hugo;future
Trying to predict the future is like trying to drive down a country road at night with no lights while looking out the back window.;Peter Drucker;future
Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.;Nikola Tesla;future
If future generations are to remember us more with gratitude than sorrow, we must achieve more than just the miracles of technology. We must also leave them a glimpse of the world as it was created, not just as it looked when we got through with it.;Lyndon B. Johnson;future
The future is no more uncertain than the present.;Walt Whitman;future
There is never time in the future in which we will work out our salvation. The challenge is in the moment the time is always now.;James A. Baldwin;future
Hold fast to the Bible. To the influence of this Book we are indebted for all the progress made in true civilization and to this we must look as our guide in the future.;Ulysses S. Grant;future
I haven't been faithful to my own advice in the past. I will in the future.;Billy Graham;future
I look to the future because that's where I'm going to spend the rest of my life.;George Burns;future
Every man has his own destiny: the only imperative is to follow it, to accept it, no matter where it leads him.;Henry Miller;future
We must welcome the future, remembering that soon it will be the past and we must respect the past, remembering that it was once all that was humanly possible.;George Santayana;future
The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine.;Mike Murdock;future
Control your own destiny or someone else will.;Jack Welch;future
I am tomorrow, or some future day, what I establish today. I am today what I established yesterday or some previous day.;James Joyce;future
Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;future
A great source of calamity lies in regret and anticipation therefore a person is wise who thinks of the present alone, regardless of the past or future.;Oliver Goldsmith;future
Never make predictions, especially about the future.;Casey Stengel;future
You know when you're young you think you will always be. As you become more fragile, you reflect and you realize how much comfort can come from the past. Hymns can carry you into the future.;Andy Griffith;future
The youth is the hope of our future.;Jose Rizal;future
Our awesome responsibility to ourselves, to our children, and to the future is to create ourselves in the image of goodness, because the future depends on the nobility of our imaginings.;Barbara Grizzuti Harrison;future
In the future everyone will be famous for 15 minutes.;Andy Warhol;future
Even though the future seems far away, it is actually beginning right now.;Mattie Stepanek;future
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.;Mary Pickford;future
We must respect the past, and mistrust the present, if we wish to provide for the safety of the future.;Joseph Joubert;future
The future is called 'perhaps,' which is the only possible thing to call the future. And the important thing is not to allow that to scare you.;Tennessee Williams;future
There is always one moment in childhood when the door opens and lets the future in.;Graham Greene;future
I touch the future. I teach.;Christa McAuliffe;future
The past, the present and the future are really one: they are today.;Harriet Beecher Stowe;future
I know not why there is such a melancholy feeling attached to the remembrance of past happiness, except that we fear that the future can have nothing so bright as the past.;Julia Ward Howe;future
Enjoy present pleasures in such a way as not to injure future ones.;Seneca;future
The wise man must remember that while he is a descendant of the past, he is a parent of the future.;Herbert Spencer;future
For all of its uncertainty, we cannot flee the future.;Barbara Jordan;future
But I dare not think too far into the future on the risk that I'll miss the present.;Colin Farrell;future
The key to making healthy decisions is to respect your future self. Honor him or her. Treat him or her like you would treat a friend or a loved one. A Stanford study showed that those who saw a photo of their future self made smarter financial decisions.;A. J. Jacobs;future
