The main business of religions is to purify, control, and restrain that excessive and exclusive taste for well-being which men acquire in times of equality.;Alexis de Tocqueville;business
It is your business when the wall next door catches fire.;Horace;business
Let us permit nature to have her way. She understands her business better than we do.;Michel de Montaigne;business
Be the business never so painful, you may have it done for money.;Thomas Fuller;business
I strongly believe that missionaries make better products. They care more. For a missionary, it's not just about the business. There has to be a business, and the business has to make sense, but that's not why you do it. You do it because you have something meaningful that motivates you.;Jeff Bezos;business
Music is spiritual. The music business is not.;Van Morrison;business
Advertising is a business of words, but advertising agencies are infested with men and women who cannot write. They cannot write advertisements, and they cannot write plans. They are helpless as deaf mutes on the stage of the Metropolitan Opera.;David Ogilvy;business
If we must have a tyrant, let him at least be a gentleman who has been bred to the business, and let us fall by the axe and not by the butcher's cleaver.;Lord Byron;business
In day-to-day commerce, television is not so much interested in the business of communications as in the business of delivering audiences to advertisers. People are the merchandise, not the shows. The shows are merely the bait.;Les Brown;business
In the end, all business operations can be reduced to three words: people, product, and profits.;Lee Iacocca;business
The true measure of the value of any business leader and manager is performance.;Brian Tracy;business
Writing fiction has become a priestly business in countries that have lost their faith.;Gore Vidal;business
Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision, and relentlessly drive it to completion.;Jack Welch;business
If you like a person you say 'let's go into business together.' Man is a social animal after all, but such partnerships are fraught with danger.;Brian Tracy;business
There's no reason to be the richest man in the cemetery. You can't do any business from there.;Colonel Sanders;business
Business is not just doing deals business is having great products, doing great engineering, and providing tremendous service to customers. Finally, business is a cobweb of human relationships.;Ross Perot;business
My business is to teach my aspirations to confirm themselves to fact, not to try and make facts harmonize with my aspirations.;Thomas Huxley;business
I'm someone who loves to enjoy life and tries to focus on real things and real friendships. That's why I live very simply. I'm a jeans and T-shirt kind of girl. I don't spend much time fixing myself up or trying to look cool. I live like a normal person and even though I'm in a very high-profile business, I really don't let it affect the way I live.;Cameron Diaz;business
The law does not pretend to punish everything that is dishonest. That would seriously interfere with business.;Clarence Darrow;business
Almost anyone can be an author the business is to collect money and fame from this state of being.;A. A. Milne;business
What other people think about me is not my business.;Michael J. Fox;business
Love has always been the most important business in my life, I should say the only one.;Stendhal;business
Being tall is an advantage, especially in business. People will always remember you. And if you're in a crowd, you'll always have some clean air to breathe.;Julia Child;business
I've got to keep breathing. It'll be my worst business mistake if I don't.;Steve Martin;business
A live concert to me is exciting because of all the electricity that is generated in the crowd and on stage. It's my favorite part of the business, live concerts.;Elvis Presley;business
Of course, everybody makes mistakes, and we've all been young and stupid. But people need to have a sense of respect, particularly in this business, because hundreds of people are ready to take your place at any time. Maybe some people should think about that.;Sophia Bush;business
You know, I look like a woman but I think like a man. And in this world of business, that has helped me a lot. Because by the time they think that I don't know what's goin' on, I then got the money, and gone.;Dolly Parton;business
There are no right and wrong ways to work in this business, but there are some basic common-sense practices. Work very, very hard and always be prepared never give up and once you get the job, give them more than they ever expected: - Shine!;Jimmy Smits;business
There is nothing more requisite in business than despatch.;Joseph Addison;business
Disbelief in magic can force a poor soul into believing in government and business.;Tom Robbins;business
I started out mopping floors, waiting tables, and tending bar at my dad's tavern. I put myself through school working odd jobs and night shifts. I poured my heart and soul into a small business. And when I saw how out-of-touch Washington had become with the core values of this great nation, I put my name forward and ran for office.;John Boehner;business
Teach your children how to behave with animals. Adopt a pet. Don't go buy one. Please. That's a sin. Let's get these puppy mills out of business.;Shelley Morrison;business
The minute you try to talk business with him he takes the attitude that he is a gentleman and a scholar, and the moment you try to approach him on the level of his moral integrity he starts to talk business.;Raymond Chandler;business
For the first time we're allowing developers who don't work at Facebook to develop applications just as if they were. That's a big deal because it means that all developers have a new way of doing business if they choose to take advantage of it. There are whole companies that are forming whose only product is a Facebook Platform application.;Mark Zuckerberg;business
Every business and every product has risks. You can't get around it.;Lee Iacocca;business
Comedy may be big business but it isn't pretty.;Steve Martin;business
When I was in college, I was debating to try my hand at show business, or to become a professor. I just thought of the risk of not going into show business and always wondering if I would've had a chance. Because that's where my real heart was.;Steve Martin;business
It is the artist's business to create sunshine when the sun fails.;Romain Rolland;business
I do not regret one professional enemy I have made. Any actor who doesn't dare to make an enemy should get out of the business.;Bette Davis;business
Christmas is over and Business is Business.;Franklin P. Adams;business
Politics would be a helluva good business if it weren't for the goddamned people.;Richard M. Nixon;business
It is just as important that business keep out of government as that government keep out of business.;Herbert Hoover;business
'Handsome' means many things to many people. If people consider me handsome, I feel flattered - and have my parents to thank for it. Realistically, it doesn't hurt to be good-looking, especially in this business.;Richard Chamberlain;business
I feel lazy when I'm not working. I learned all my business sense from my dad. He always believed in me, and I think the last thing he said to me before he passed away was, 'I know you're gonna be OK. I'm not worried about you'.;Kim Kardashian;business
People who have tried it, tell me that a clear conscience makes you very happy and contented but a full stomach does the business quite as well, and is cheaper, and more easily obtained.;Jerome K. Jerome;business
I'm a big fan of small business ownership. I think it's the backbone of American innovation. But to be successful, you first have to have the courage to go for it.;Bill Rancic;business
Most executives, many scientists, and almost all business school graduates believe that if you analyze data, this will give you new ideas. Unfortunately, this belief is totally wrong. The mind can only see what it is prepared to see.;Edward de Bono;business
A successful economic development strategy must focus on improving the skills of the area's workforce, reducing the cost of doing business and making available the resources business needs to compete and thrive in today's global economy.;Rod Blagojevich;business
I can't tell anybody else how to run their life or their business, but I really believe I've got a good bead on myself.;Dolly Parton;business
There is one other business where the customer is always wrong and that's the media.;Rush Limbaugh;business
The real business of life is trying to understand each other.;Gilbert Parker;business
Most people have no idea how to politely answer a phone. The English do, and it's been their only major business advantage for the past two centuries.;Doug Coupland;business
No dancer can watch Fred Astaire and not know that we all should have been in another business.;Mikhail Baryshnikov;business
The profession of book writing makes horse racing seem like a solid, stable business.;John Steinbeck;business
No one can possibly achieve any real and lasting success or 'get rich' in business by being a conformist.;J. Paul Getty;business
I think I've got my business notions and my sense for that sort of thing from my dad. My dad never had a chance to go to school. He couldn't read and write. But he was so smart. He was just one of those people that could just make the most of anything and everything that he had to work with.;Dolly Parton;business
No, there is literally nothing on the business side that I wouldn't sacrifice in a heartbeat to have an extra couple of hours' writing. Nothing.;J. K. Rowling;business
I think it's a terrible shame that politics has become show business.;Sydney Pollack;business
I reject the cynical view that politics is a dirty business.;Richard M. Nixon;business
To succeed in business, to reach the top, an individual must know all it is possible to know about that business.;J. Paul Getty;business
To keep the record straight, it wasn't always John and Yoko. We've all accused one another of various business things we tend to be pretty paranoid by now, as you can imagine. There's a lot of money involved.;Paul McCartney;business
The CIA is made up of boys whose families sent them to Princeton but wouldn't let them into the family brokerage business.;Lyndon B. Johnson;business
When I jumped off a roof in Cannes in a bee costume, I looked ridiculous. But this is my business I have to humiliate myself.;Jerry Seinfeld;business
There are people who take rumors and embellish them in a way that can be devastating. And this pollution has to be eradicated by people in our business as best we can.;Bob Woodward;business
So long as you don't feel life's paltry and a miserable business, the rest doesn't matter, happiness or unhappiness.;David Herbert Lawrence;business
It's to paint directly on the canvas without any funny business, as it were, and I use almost pure turpentine to start with, adding oil as I go along until the medium becomes pure oil. I use as little oil as I can possibly help, and that's my method.;Edward Hopper;business
Come, come, leave business to idlers, and wisdom to fools: they have need of 'em: wit be my faculty, and pleasure my occupation, and let father Time shake his glass.;William Congreve;business
In this business, until you're known as a monster you're not a star.;Bette Davis;business
Young lawyers attend the courts, not because they have business there, but because they have no business.;Washington Irving;business
Love and business and family and religion and art and patriotism are nothing but shadows of words when a man's starving!;O. Henry;business
As you grow in this business, you learn how to do more with less.;Morgan Freeman;business
Camping is nature's way of promoting the motel business.;Dave Barry;business
Having George W. Bush giving a lecture on business ethics is like having a leper give you a facial, it just doesn't work!;Robin Williams;business
To talk about a relationship trivializes something that's nobody's business.;Jennifer Aniston;business
I hate the actor and audience business. An author should be in among the crowd, kicking their shins or cheering them on to some mischief or merriment.;David Herbert Lawrence;business
The war is dreadful. It is the business of the artist to follow it home to the heart of the individual fighters - not to talk in armies and nations and numbers - but to track it home.;David Herbert Lawrence;business
The real killers in the business world aren't the ones who aim for the top, it's the ones who aim for two notches below the top.;Doug Coupland;business
In this business you have to develop a thick skin, but I'm always going to feel everything. It's my nature.;Taylor Swift;business
I'm not asking any of you to make drastic changes to every single one of your recipes or to totally change the way you do business. But what I am asking is that you consider reformulating your menu in pragmatic and incremental ways to create healthier versions of the foods that we all love.;Michelle Obama;business
You and I and everybody in show business and the entertainment industry fly by the seat of our pants. We don't know quite what is going to happen.;William Shatner;business
I think if you look at people, whether in business or government, who haven't had any moral compass, who've just changed to say whatever they thought the popular thing was, in the end they're losers.;Michael Bloomberg;business
Leave the President's family business to him. You will have plenty to do without trying to manage the First Family. They are likely to do fine without your help.;Donald Rumsfeld;business
Without the element of uncertainty, the bringing off of even, the greatest business triumph would be dull, routine, and eminently unsatisfying.;J. Paul Getty;business
Duty is the great business of a sea officer all private considerations must give way to it, however painful it may be.;Horatio Nelson;business
Young people in the business have grown up and made the wrong decisions, or bad decisions, and haven't been good role models. To be someone that people look up to is important to me.;Justin Bieber;business
I wouldn't say I was the best manager in the business. But I was in the top one.;Brian Clough;business
Big business never pays a nickel in taxes, according to Ralph Nader, who represents a big consumer organization that never pays a nickel in taxes.;Dave Barry;business
I love making people laugh and feel good, and that's awesome and special for me to be able to do that, but there really is nothing like kicking ass whether it's on a major scale, or whether it's in more of a dramatic fashion. Being physical and taking care of business the old-fashioned way is something that I love doing.;Dwayne Johnson;business
No, I regret nothing, all I regret is having been born, dying is such a long tiresome business I always found.;Samuel Beckett;business
If you have ideas, you have the main asset you need, and there isn't any limit to what you can do with your business and your life. Ideas are any man's greatest asset.;Harvey S. Firestone;business
Good design is good business.;Thomas J. Watson;business
Of course art world ethics are important. But museums are no purer than any other institution or business. Academics aren't necessarily more high-minded than gallerists.;Jerry Saltz;business
Patience is the most necessary quality for business, many a man would rather you heard his story than grant his request.;Lord Chesterfield;business
Although I'm a business major out of McGill University, I know nothing... but then I found out much later in life, nobody knows anything.;William Shatner;business
I think I'm in a business where you have to look good, and it's totally youth-oriented.;Joan Rivers;business
I get a lot of return business. I think it's all those years I put in traveling around the country people saw me before and had a good time so they want to see me again.;Rita Rudner;business
Business is always interfering with pleasure - but it makes other pleasures possible.;William Feather;business
Not a tenth of us who are in business are doing as well as we could if we merely followed the principles that were known to our grandfathers.;William Feather;business
When two men in business always agree, one of them is unnecessary.;Ezra Pound;business
