My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.;Henry Ford;best
If you have a positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges.;Pat Riley;best
Infinite striving to be the best is man's duty it is its own reward. Everything else is in God's hands.;Mahatma Gandhi;best
My experience has been that work is almost the best way to pull oneself out of the depths.;Eleanor Roosevelt;best
I can not believe that war is the best solution. No one won the last war, and no one will win the next war.;Eleanor Roosevelt;best
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming.;John Wooden;best
'Tis best to weigh the enemy more mighty than he seems.;William Shakespeare;best
If you can't get rid of the skeleton in your closet, you'd best teach it to dance.;George Bernard Shaw;best
Perhaps nature is our best assurance of immortality.;Eleanor Roosevelt;best
Perhaps I know best why it is man alone who laughs he alone suffers so deeply that he had to invent laughter.;Friedrich Nietzsche;best
When the best leader's work is done the people say, 'We did it ourselves.';Lao Tzu;best
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?;Edgar Allan Poe;best
Why don't you start believing that no matter what you have or haven't done, that your best days are still out in front of you.;Joel Osteen;best
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes.;Zig Ziglar;best
Personally, I just think rap music is the best thing out there, period. If you look at my deck in my car radio, you're always going to find a hip-hop tape that's all I buy, that's all I live, that's all I listen to, that's all I love.;Eminem;best
The best weapon against an enemy is another enemy.;Friedrich Nietzsche;best
You are capable of more than you know. Choose a goal that seems right for you and strive to be the best, however hard the path. Aim high. Behave honorably. Prepare to be alone at times, and to endure failure. Persist! The world needs all you can give.;E. O. Wilson;best
We have the power to make this the best generation of mankind in the history of the world or to make it the last.;John F. Kennedy;best
If liberty and equality, as is thought by some, are chiefly to be found in democracy, they will be best attained when all persons alike share in government to the utmost.;Aristotle;best
What we have found in this country, and maybe we're more aware of it now, is one problem that we've had, even in the best of times, and that is the people who are sleeping on the grates, the homeless, you might say, by choice.;Ronald Reagan;best
An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets the more interested he is in her.;Agatha Christie;best
A man is relieved and gay when he has put his heart into his work and done his best but what he has said or done otherwise shall give him no peace.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;best
Those who govern, having much business on their hands, do not generally like to take the trouble of considering and carrying into execution new projects. The best public measures are therefore seldom adopted from previous wisdom, but forced by the occasion.;Benjamin Franklin;best
Hunger is the best pickle.;Benjamin Franklin;best
The ideal man bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of circumstances.;Aristotle;best
It might be said now that I have the best of both worlds. A Harvard education and a Yale degree.;John F. Kennedy;best
A blessed thing it is for any man or woman to have a friend, one human soul whom we can trust utterly, who knows the best and worst of us, and who loves us in spite of all our faults.;Charles Kingsley;best
A good character is the best tombstone. Those who loved you and were helped by you will remember you when forget-me-nots have withered. Carve your name on hearts, not on marble.;Charles Spurgeon;best
Fatigue is the best pillow.;Benjamin Franklin;best
That government is best which governs least.;Henry David Thoreau;best
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work.;Abdul Kalam;best
To give anything less than your best, is to sacrifice the gift.;Steve Prefontaine;best
'Thank you' is the best prayer that anyone could say. I say that one a lot. Thank you expresses extreme gratitude, humility, understanding.;Alice Walker;best
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming.;John Wooden;best
The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;best
Our best thoughts come from others.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;best
It is best to rise from life as from a banquet, neither thirsty nor drunken.;Aristotle;best
The best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake.;Aristotle;best
The best effort of a fine person is felt after we have left their presence.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;best
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.;Steve Jobs;best
The best thing one can do when it's raining is to let it rain.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;best
I feel sorry for people who don't drink. They wake up in the morning and that's the best they're going to feel all day.;Dean Martin;best
Education is the best provision for old age.;Aristotle;best
The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.;W. C. Fields;best
The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom.;Plato;best
Those who excel in virtue have the best right of all to rebel, but then they are of all men the least inclined to do so.;Aristotle;best
To know yet to think that one does not know is best Not to know yet to think that one knows will lead to difficulty.;Lao Tzu;best
We have an obligation and a responsibility to be investing in our students and our schools. We must make sure that people who have the grades, the desire and the will, but not the money, can still get the best education possible.;Barack Obama;best
But the person who scored well on an SAT will not necessarily be the best doctor or the best lawyer or the best businessman. These tests do not measure character, leadership, creativity, perseverance.;William Julius Wilson;best
There is one rule for the industrialist and that is: Make the best quality of goods possible at the lowest cost possible, paying the highest wages possible.;Henry Ford;best
The best preparation for good work tomorrow is to do good work today.;Elbert Hubbard;best
The best evaluation I can make of a player is to look in his eyes and see how scared they are.;Michael Jordan;best
I want to be perceived as a guy who played his best in all facets, not just scoring. A guy who loved challenges.;Michael Jordan;best
Age appears to be best in four things old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read.;Francis Bacon;best
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.;Ayn Rand;best
One of the best things that ever happened to me is that I'm a woman. That is the way all females should feel.;Marilyn Monroe;best
A woman knows by intuition, or instinct, what is best for herself.;Marilyn Monroe;best
I've always felt toward the slightest scene, even if all I had to do in a scene was just to come in and say, 'Hi,' that the people ought to get their money's worth and that this is an obligation of mine, to give them the best you can get from me.;Marilyn Monroe;best
I'm selfish, impatient, and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I'm out of control, and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.;Marilyn Monroe;best
Good humor is a tonic for mind and body. It is the best antidote for anxiety and depression. It is a business asset. It attracts and keeps friends. It lightens human burdens. It is the direct route to serenity and contentment.;Grenville Kleiser;best
He who laughs best today, will also laughs last.;Friedrich Nietzsche;best
Treat your kid like a darling for the first five years. For the next five years, scold them. By the time they turn sixteen, treat them like a friend. Your grown up children are your best friends.;Chanakya;best
But what we can do, as flawed as we are, is still see God in other people, and do our best to help them find their own grace. That's what I strive to do, that's what I pray to do every day.;Barack Obama;best
You're not going to say anything about me that I'm not going to say about myself. There's so many things that I think about myself if someone really wanted to get at me, they could say this and this and this. So I'm going to say it before they can. It's the best policy for me.;Eminem;best
My husband and I are best of friends first and foremost. We fight like cats and dogs, but never stay mad for long. I was lucky to find him, he is in every way, my soulmate.;Carnie Wilson;best
In the last analysis, even the best man is evil: in the last analysis, even the best woman is bad.;Friedrich Nietzsche;best
The best author will be the one who is ashamed to become a writer.;Friedrich Nietzsche;best
After all manner of professors have done their best for us, the place we are to get knowledge is in books. The true university of these days is a collection of books.;Albert Camus;best
Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best.;Theodore Isaac Rubin;best
Read the best books first, or you may not have a chance to read them at all.;Henry David Thoreau;best
Honestly, I'd love to be remembered as one of the best to ever pick up a mic, but if I'm doing my part to lessen some racial tension I feel good about what I'm doing.;Eminem;best
The best executive is one who has sense enough to pick good people to do what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with them while they do it.;Theodore Roosevelt;best
As you become more clear about who you really are, you'll be better able to decide what is best for you - the first time around.;Oprah Winfrey;best
The best place to find God is in a garden. You can dig for him there.;George Bernard Shaw;best
The best things and best people rise out of their separateness I'm against a homogenized society because I want the cream to rise.;Robert Frost;best
So much of what is best in us is bound up in our love of family, that it remains the measure of our stability because it measures our sense of loyalty. All other pacts of love or fear derive from it and are modeled upon it.;Haniel Long;best
I've always taught that a poor economy is the best opportunity for salespeople because the naysayers and grumblers have already given up, leaving more territory, more opportunities to be successful than in a good economy when virtually all salespeople are out there, giving it their best.;Zig Ziglar;best
I did not wish to take a cabin passage, but rather to go before the mast and on the deck of the world, for there I could best see the moonlight amid the mountains. I do not wish to go below now.;Henry David Thoreau;best
I am afraid we must make the world honest before we can honestly say to our children that honesty is the best policy.;George Bernard Shaw;best
The language of excitement is at best picturesque merely. You must be calm before you can utter oracles.;Henry David Thoreau;best
Best way to get rid of kitchen odors: Eat out.;Phyllis Diller;best
It is best to avoid the beginnings of evil.;Henry David Thoreau;best
I didn't see it then, but it turned out that getting fired from Apple was the best thing that could have ever happened to me. The heaviness of being successful was replaced by the lightness of being a beginner again, less sure about everything. It freed me to enter one of the most creative periods of my life.;Steve Jobs;best
Nothing goes by luck in composition. It allows of no tricks. The best you can write will be the best you are.;Henry David Thoreau;best
One way or another, we all have to find what best fosters the flowering of our humanity in this contemporary life, and dedicate ourselves to that.;Joseph Campbell;best
The man with the best job in the country is the vice-president. All he has to do is get up every morning and say, 'How is the president?';Will Rogers;best
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.;Andy Warhol;best
I am just absolutely convinced that the best formula for giving us peace and preserving the American way of life is freedom, limited government, and minding our own business overseas.;Ron Paul;best
You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back?;W. Clement Stone;best
Experience taught me a few things. One is to listen to your gut, no matter how good something sounds on paper. The second is that you're generally better off sticking with what you know. And the third is that sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.;Donald Trump;best
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.;Napoleon Hill;best
I always believe that to be the best, you have to smell like the best, dress like the best, act like the best. When you throw your trash in the garbage can, it has to be better than anybody else who ever threw trash in the garbage can.;Lil Wayne;best
I think it's brought the world a lot closer together, and will continue to do that. There are downsides to everything there are unintended consequences to everything. The most corrosive piece of technology that I've ever seen is called television - but then, again, television, at its best, is magnificent.;Steve Jobs;best
Do the best you can, and don't take life too serious.;Will Rogers;best
Remember, always give your best. Never get discouraged. Never be petty. Always remember, others may hate you. But those who hate you don't win unless you hate them. And then you destroy yourself.;Richard M. Nixon;best
The pursuit, even of the best things, ought to be calm and tranquil.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;best
You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.;Walt Disney;best
Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what's going to happen next.;Gilda Radner;best
The worst thing that happens to you may be the best thing for you if you don't let it get the best of you.;Will Rogers;best
