The double hundred Fowler hit in the Madras Test was an absolute beauty.;David Gower;beauty
Everyone can identify with a fragrant garden, with beauty of sunset, with the quiet of nature, with a warm and cozy cottage.;Thomas Kincade;beauty
People who put my paintings on their walls are putting their values on their walls: faith, family, home, a simpler way of living, the beauty of nature, quiet, tranquillity, peace, joy, hope. They beckon you into this world that provides an alternative to your nightly news broadcast.;Thomas Kincade;beauty
Hold fast to youth and beauty.;Elizabeth Arden;beauty
Tramping is too easy with all this money. My days were more exciting when I was penniless and had to forage around for my next meal... I've decided that I'm going to live this life for some time to come. The freedom and simple beauty of it is just too good to pass up.;Christopher McCandless;beauty
It never seems to occur to some people, that, like beauty, a sense of humor may sometimes be fatal.;Edgar Rice Burroghs;beauty
The closest thing I use to beauty products is the grease on the pizza from John's Pizzeria.;Mark Feuerstein;beauty
I'm very proud of my love for Whitney Houston. She really changed my life. She made my life a better life. She was so beautiful in her love for God, her love for her family and her love for music. She truly loved her music. She could do everything! She had flawless rhythm, flawless pitch, flawless feeling, and flawless beauty.;Narada Michael Walden;beauty
I first fell in love with music when I was a little boy. When I first heard music, I felt the beauty in it. Then, being able to tap along on a table top and box was great, but my favorite thing to do was to watch records spin. I would almost get hypnotized by it. These things are what drew me in initially.;Narada Michael Walden;beauty
I'm not a party animal I took my job as Miss USA very seriously... Sometimes, of course, I want to let it all go. Even though I'm a beauty queen, you're also an unofficial ambassador, and there's a lot of pressure.;Rima Fakih;beauty
The beauty of dystopia is that it lets us vicariously experience future worlds - but we still have the power to change our own.;Ally Condie;beauty
I have a fantastic wife, and not only in terms of external beauty. Her priority and mine is our children. That is our choice.;Luis Figo;beauty
I played with the same band for years and years and there's a beauty to having one solid core that you keep exploring. On the other hand, it's nice to throw yourself in different situations where you find out things about your own resources.;Grant-Lee Phillips;beauty
The ever increasing spiritual damage caused by life within the big city will make this hunger practically uncontrollable when we build here on this the landscape of our homeland we must be clear that we will protect its beauty.;Fritz Todt;beauty
In places where this beauty has already disappeared, we will reconstruct it.;Fritz Todt;beauty
The awesomeness of God is that even in the works of the Beach Boys, Beatles, etc., the beauty of the music is a mere reflection of what God does everyday. He creates music of all kinds and moods.;John Foster;beauty
It is conventional to call 'monster' any blending of dissonant elements. I call 'monster' every original inexhaustible beauty.;Alfred Jarry;beauty
As long as I love Beauty I am young.;W. H. Davies;beauty
When I first thought of the idea for 'Sweet Valley High,' I loved the idea of high school as microcosm of the real world. And what I really liked was how it moved things on from 'Sleeping Beauty'-esque romance novels where the girl had to wait for the hero. This would be girl-driven, very different, I decided - and indeed it is.;Francine Pascal;beauty
Though there might not be any easy answers to the problem of poverty, its most compelling scribes do not resign themselves to representation solely for the sake of those age-old verities of truth and beauty.;Leslie Jamison;beauty
Far from creating a new formalism, what these can yield is something far transcending surface values since they not only embody form as beauty, but also form in which intuitions or ideas or conjectures have taken visible substance.;Max Bill;beauty
Beauty: the adjustment of all parts proportionately so that one cannot add or subtract or change without impairing the harmony of the whole.;Leon Battista Alberti;beauty
Time takes the ugliness and horror out of death and turns it into beauty.;Dodie Smith;beauty
I'm not out here to win a beauty contest.;Kirk Gibson;beauty
I think Whitman more than any other poet possessed the gift of revealing to others the beauty of everything around us, the beauty of nature, the beauty of human beings.;Ella R. Bloor;beauty
I'm not trying to stump anybody... it's the beauty of the language that I'm interested in.;Buddy Holly;beauty
Suddenly life has new meaning to me, there's beauty up above and things we never take notice of, you wake up suddenly you're in love.;Billy Ocean;beauty
Beauty is altogether in the eye of the beholder.;Lew Wallace;beauty
Perfect health, like perfect beauty, is a rare thing and so, it seems, is perfect disease.;Peter Latham;beauty
The beauty of having short hair is that I actually can wash and style it at home!;Meagan Good;beauty
The cottage garden most for use designed, Yet not of beauty destitute.;Charlotte Smith;beauty
You will also allow me to thank the Academy for inviting me to lecture in Stockholm, for its hospitality, and for the opportunity afforded me for admiring the charm of your people and the beauty of your country.;Guglielmo Marconi;beauty
It's harder, but we're still finding oil in Oklahoma today. The bar has been raised on startup companies, but it can still be done. Every regulation and every rule limits you, but, yes, it can still be done. That's the beauty of living in a free country and having the freedom to have an idea and become an entrepreneur.;Harold Hamm;beauty
Great designers seldom make great advertising men, because they get overcome by the beauty of the picture - and forget that merchandise must be sold.;James Randolph Adams;beauty
The beauty of the past belongs to the past.;Margaret Bourke-White;beauty
It is important to fund young researchers who want to do curiosity-driven research. Curiosity-driven research is a part of life. Some people are curious. They want to learn more about nature and society should help that. It's like art: you can learn more and bring more beauty.;Serge Haroche;beauty
I have no right to beauty. I had been condemned to masculine ugliness.;Renee Vivien;beauty
Search for beauty without features, something deeper than any signs.;Francesca da Rimini;beauty
I have several computer companies. One of them I have a program for wide-format printing. I have a beauty program. So I have several different programs that I own for printing.;Jerry Mathers;beauty
There are elements of intrinsic beauty in the simplification of a house built on the log cabin idea.;Gustav Stickley;beauty
First, there is the bare beauty of the logs themselves with their long lines and firm curves. Then there is the open charm felt of the structural features which are not hidden under plaster and ornament, but are clearly revealed, a charm felt in Japanese architecture.;Gustav Stickley;beauty
There is an abiding beauty which may be appreciated by those who will see things as they are and who will ask for no reward except to see.;Vera Brittain;beauty
I think love and beauty are what life is all about.;John Derek;beauty
Beauty is the first test: there is no permanent place in the world for ugly mathematics.;Godfrey Harold Hardy;beauty
For the greater beauty of the instrument, the balls representing the planets are to be of considerable bigness but so contrived, that they may be taken off at pleasure, and others, much smaller, and fitter for some purposes, put in their places.;David Rittenhouse;beauty
Literature boils with the madcap careers of writers brought to the edge by the demands of living on their nerves, wringing out their memories and their nightmares to extract meaning, truth, beauty.;Herbert Gold;beauty
I have a book out called 'The Beauty Equation' and it discusses how off track we have gone in considering beauty.;Nigel Barker;beauty
Jazz is a very democratic musical form. It comes out of a communal experience. We take our respective instruments and collectively create a thing of beauty.;Max Roach;beauty
But I fear, my lot being cast in Scotland, that beauty would not be content.;Anne Boyd;beauty
For most people, we often marvel at the beauty of a sunrise or the magnificence of a full moon, but it is impossible to fathom the magnitude of the universe that surrounds us.;Richard H. Baker;beauty
Hath the spirit of all beauty Kissed you in the path of duty?;Anna Katharine Green;beauty
There are two kinds of artists in this world those that work because the spirit is in them, and they cannot be silent if they would, and those that speak from a conscientious desire to make apparent to others the beauty that has awakened their own admiration.;Anna Katharine Green;beauty
We Orientals find beauty not only in the thing itself but in the pattern of the shadows, the light and darkness which that thing provides.;Junichiro Tanizaki;beauty
Mathematics are the result of mysterious powers which no one understands, and which the unconscious recognition of beauty must play an important part. Out of an infinity of designs a mathematician chooses one pattern for beauty's sake and pulls it down to earth.;Marston Morse;beauty
A small house must depend on its grouping with other houses for its beauty, and for the preservation of light air and the maximum of surrounding open space.;Clarence Stein;beauty
Personality is more important than beauty, but imagination is more important than both of them.;Laurette Taylor;beauty
You can take no credit for beauty at sixteen. But if you are beautiful at sixty, it will be your own soul's doing.;Marie Carmichael Stopes;beauty
And queenly is the state she keeps, In beauty's lofty trust secure.;William Allen Butler;beauty
If beauty isn't genius it usually signals at least a high level of animal cunning.;Peter York;beauty
I don't know what the secret to longevity as an actress is. It's more than talent and beauty. Maybe it's the audience seeing itself in you.;Joan Blondell;beauty
The beauty of women was the first expression of my photography.;Alberto Korda;beauty
What I want to give in the theatre is beauty, that's what I want to give.;Dame Edith Evans;beauty
I want the Arabic Granada, that which is art, which is all that seems to me beauty and emotion.;Isaac Albeniz;beauty
The flowers anew, returning seasons bring but beauty faded has no second spring.;Ambrose Philips;beauty
Those who find beauty in all of nature will find themselves at one with the secrets of life itself.;L. Wolfe Gilbert;beauty
All the beauty of the world, 'tis but skin deep.;Ralph Venning;beauty
Beauty is the still birth of suffering, every woman knows that.;Emily Prager;beauty
I feel by posing for Playboy I've discovered my own sexuality and beauty, and I feel more confident than ever.;Heather Kozar;beauty
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.;John Wooden;best
Experience hath shewn, that even under the best forms of government those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it into tyranny.;Thomas Jefferson;best
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing.;Theodore Roosevelt;best
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight and never stop fighting.;e. e. cummings;best
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher.;Dalai Lama;best
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.;Albert Einstein;best
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.;Ernest Hemingway;best
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.;Buddha;best
You have to accept whatever comes and the only important thing is that you meet it with courage and with the best that you have to give.;Eleanor Roosevelt;best
I do the very best I know how - the very best I can and I mean to keep on doing so until the end.;Abraham Lincoln;best
The best road to progress is freedom's road.;John F. Kennedy;best
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.;Mark Twain;best
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.;Mahatma Gandhi;best
Learn to say 'no' to the good so you can say 'yes' to the best.;John C. Maxwell;best
I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best.;Oscar Wilde;best
In times of great stress or adversity, it's always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.;Lee Iacocca;best
At his best, man is the noblest of all animals separated from law and justice he is the worst.;Aristotle;best
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.;Carl Jung;best
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury.;Marcus Aurelius;best
The best revenge is massive success.;Frank Sinatra;best
The best way to predict the future is to create it.;Peter Drucker;best
I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.;Walt Whitman;best
It's a funny thing about life if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.;W. Somerset Maugham;best
If you want to go somewhere, it is best to find someone who has already been there.;Robert Kiyosaki;best
The best way to keep one's word is not to give it.;Napoleon Bonaparte;best
To give and then not feel that one has given is the very best of all ways of giving.;Max Beerbohm;best
Living well is the best revenge.;George Herbert;best
If a man does his best, what else is there?;George S. Patton;best
Clever men are good, but they are not the best.;Thomas Carlyle;best
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.;Charles Dickens;best
I always prefer to believe the best of everybody, it saves so much trouble.;Rudyard Kipling;best
