Stevie Wonder is just one of those guys that completely delivers everything that you want to be true about Stevie Wonder. He's an amazing human being, and the fairytale exists with that man.;Adam Levine;amazing
Nobody has it all, but for me to even come close is amazing.;Adam Levine;amazing
When you write biographies, whether it's about Ben Franklin or Einstein, you discover something amazing: They are human.;Walter Isaacson;amazing
You get moments all the time that kind of make you pinch yourself, some of them make you quite emotional. Winning a BRIT was a big moment because we were just so excited to be at the awards in the first place. Selling out Madison Square Garden was pretty amazing too. Then we woke to the news that our UK tour was sold out. It was crazy.;Harry Styles;amazing
The attitude is we live and let live. This is actually an amazing change in values in a rather short time and it's an example of freedom from religion.;Tom Wolfe;amazing
Yes, the companionship is amazing. You know, you can get that physical attraction that happens is great, but then there's an awful lot of time and the rest of the day that you have to fill.;Vince Gill;amazing
On the surface, rock and roll changes at an amazing pace. The influence of a figure like the Maharishi can appear and disappear in a matter of months. Talk about old fashioned rock and roll finds itself dead before it begins.;Jon Landau;amazing
It's amazing that for actors mostly, it's a risk to attach yourself to a film that you don't know whether or not it's going to even be made and if you sign on, in doing so, who else is going to be in the movie with you.;Elisha Cuthbert;amazing
I hate the stereotype of the pitfalls of the child actor. There are so many amazing examples - Natalie Portman, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Jodie Foster, Drew Barrymore - of people who have made it through.;Jamie Bell;amazing
I think it's an amazing quality to be able to roll with the punches and not be totally ruined as a person because life's been rough for you. That's a really admirable way to go through your life.;Anna Paquin;amazing
Like most people my age, my job is the main focus of my life. I don't have some kind of jet-setting fabulous lifestyle where I'm constantly in situations to acquire amazing anecdotes, that's it.;Anna Paquin;amazing
I think that in itself is kind of an amazing achievement to be able to say that your full-time career is in any creative arts, let alone a show that has kept people interested for coming on four seasons and hopefully more.;Anna Paquin;amazing
I don't like staying in hotels. I like to be in my own bed. San Diego as a city is really awesome. The only hard part of it for me is that I'm away from my family and my house. But as far as shooting down there, we get amazing locations, and the crew is really, really stellar down there. They are really fun.;Kristen Bell;amazing
I'd do pretty much anything to get back on stage. I'd like to develop a new musical. I nearly had a heart attack when I heard that they're developing John Waters' Cry-Baby because that is so amazing and super and wonderful and I wish that I could be involved. But it's not the right time and I understand that. But I hear things like that and I get that little tingle in my stomach.;Kristen Bell;amazing
Me and my friend Ioan Gruffudd are like chalk and cheese when it comes to clothes. He lives for his clothes and has an amazing wardrobe. If we're going out I'll turn up at his house and say, 'I haven't got anything to wear,' and he'll tut and sigh and then lend me something swanky.;Matthew Rhys;amazing
Everything that has happened to me has been amazing and surprising.;R. L. Stine;amazing
And it is very sexy as well: somebody says I'm taking you on a surprise date, you don't know where you are going and you can't see and then you put your hand out and there is a tiger. Amazing.;Emily Watson;amazing
Housing Works is the coolest thrift store in the world, because not only are they the best thrift store - they're not the most thrifty thrift store - but they have amazing stuff and all of their proceeds go directly to kids, mostly homeless kids, living with AIDS and HIV in New York, in the metropolitan area.;Ezra Miller;amazing
I seriously love to cook... My grandmother was an amazing cook. As a kid I used to help her make handmade pasta, Cavatelli and Ravioli. It was one of my favorite things to do. I love the idea of making whatever is in the fridge into something.;Bradley Cooper;amazing
I tend to not watch things that are current. And then if everybody swears it's amazing then I'll like watch the whole series in a weekend.;Hank Azaria;amazing
I think it's very empowering to be able to have a career and to be a mother. It gives you an amazing sense of self.;Georgina Chapman;amazing
What an amazing opportunity to do something like direct a movie and step out of your creative comfort zone and yet do something that is also so familiar at the same time. I was also just excited to have the chance to direct, which I may never get to do again.;Georgina Chapman;amazing
The magic kit we developed with Idea Village is an extraordinary success in 40,000 stores across America. The TV commercial we shot for it has produced amazing results - unbelievable.;Criss Angel;amazing
I had an amazing childhood, lots of love. But my dad worked his tail off, getting up at 4 in the morning and going off at 5, 6 o'clock, yet he always had time to spend with his kids and his wife.;Criss Angel;amazing
Magic is the oldest part of the show business profession. It can now be used as a forward-thinking tool to build a child's confidence. It has been an amazing part in many entertainers' lives, including Steve Martin and the late Johnny Carson.;Criss Angel;amazing
I know that my grandfather is 92 years old. And he has seen this country evolve in amazing ways. He looks at South Carolina and he says, wow, what an amazing state that we have the blessing to live within because of the evolution.;Tim Scott;amazing
Well, what I love about '80s rock music is the amazing, fantastic melodies.;Julianne Hough;amazing
You don't have a lot of time you have to get it right. It's amazing how they create these episodes in such a short amount of time. They lavish a lot of care and money on each episode, and they just look terrific.;Margot Kidder;amazing
So it was good for me to play a likable person and it was just an amazing situation to be in.;Kristin Davis;amazing
My public image is so low-key, but I get to travel the world and still have an audience and it's really amazing. I don't take that for granted.;K. D. Lang;amazing
Being on 'Glee' was amazing. I remember my first day on set, my first day I arrived to the set I was in my trailer and all of the actors came and banged on my door - Lea Michele, Chris Colfer, Amber Riley, Naya Rivera. They all welcomed me with open arms, so it was a great experience. It felt like family, and I miss them a lot over there.;NeNe Leakes;amazing
That's an amazing moment, the first time you hear yourself on radio. It's still thrilling.;Janis Ian;amazing
Recently I've been doing risottos. Some of them have been amazing. Some of them, not all of them.;Gael Garcia Bernal;amazing
Alexander Gonzalez Inarritu is a great director. He's the one I first worked with. He's amazing.;Gael Garcia Bernal;amazing
I suppose it's amazing when you think how many things people get involved in that don't work.;Tim Berners Lee;amazing
The amount of control you have over somebody if you can monitor internet activity is amazing.;Tim Berners Lee;amazing
It's amazing how quickly people on the internet can pick something up, but it's also amazing how quickly they can drop it.;Tim Berners Lee;amazing
Being a mother is the most amazing thing that has ever happened to me in my life.;Cindy Margolis;amazing
It's amazing what sleep does for your looks.;Emily Procter;amazing
I started crying the other day just thinking that the baby is going to leave me soon! You have this relationship with this person in your belly and it's really amazing.;Emily Procter;amazing
My favorite designer is Christian Lacroix, not just because his clothes are amazing and I love them, but because he's so nice. When I did his fashion show, he was the first one to arrive there and he helped everyone.;Adriana Lima;amazing
Well, I'd love to work with Kate Winslet - she's amazing.;Elizabeth Olsen;amazing
It was amazing and inspiring to see so many people come together through music to aid the great state of Vermont.;Trey Anastasio;amazing
I've created, directed and choreographed for Lady Gaga since the beginning, so 'Born This Way,' this was musically such an amazing evolution and such a brilliant record. So when she played it for me, it took me a while to find out the visual interpretation that I could give back to her.;Laurieann Gibson;amazing
If you love dance and you have the gift of teaching, teaching is super amazing and important because my teachers planted that seed in me. As a teacher you understand the difference or the definition of a Baryshnikov or a Gregory Hines, so teaching is really important and very necessary.;Laurieann Gibson;amazing
Choreography is amazing. I'm still a dancer, yet I transitioned into choreography then as a Creative Director. All of these creative elements are brought out of being a dancer. Directing is something that comes out of understanding movement and choreography. Directing movement is directing a dance piece.;Laurieann Gibson;amazing
'The Dance Scene' is basically the most amazing dance show in the world, and it follows me as a creative director. You see how I maintain that creativity.;Laurieann Gibson;amazing
I think dance is amazing because what people don't realize is like when you dance your spirit and your soul get ignited. You're not only releasing endorphins, but also your spirit is awakening. It makes you feel good and happy.;Laurieann Gibson;amazing
Pilates is amazing, my posture is so much better and I'm even starting to get muscles on my tummy - it's incredible.;Kelly Osbourne;amazing
I enjoyed being a teammate of Deion Sanders. He brings different elements to the game that many people would not even realize, and to watch and witness a superior talent like him and watch him prepare and train, and study the game is truly amazing.;Emmitt Smith;amazing
Birdie is amazing and such an incredible child and I'm having such a great time being a mom but I still want to have a career and I still look forward to auditions and parts, and when I don't get them I'm disappointed.;Busy Philipps;amazing
I get to do the most amazing things. We call it Host in Peril quite often, because people love to see me risk my life or be in danger.;Rick Mercer;amazing
My relationship with my mom is so amazing. We never got to have that stage that people go through, like when you're 13 and you think you're too cool for your parents. When you're embarrassed by them and stuff. We never went through that because I was constantly working and she constantly had to be there.;Hilary Duff;amazing
I guess winning an Oscar is the ultimate dream. A lot of amazing actors go their whole career without even being nominated. So that would definitely be a goal to reach. It's a difficult one, but I'm aiming for it!;Taylor Lautner;amazing
I wouldn't be where I am today without the amazing public arts education that I had.;Matthew Morrison;amazing
It's pretty amazing being me.;Matthew Morrison;amazing
Let me tell you, Barack Obama is the most down dude in the world, but he's so smart so articulate, such an amazing speaker such a passionate man. He's humble.;Marlon Wayans;amazing
It's amazing how fast generations lose sight of other generations. One of the first things the young composers who come to work with me say is that they want to write music people will like, instead of gaining their credentials by being rejected by the audience.;Carlisle Floyd;amazing
I always use my husband's cocoa butter stuff. He has amazing skin!;Idina Menzel;amazing
My wife is amazing. She had to know she was getting into a heap of trouble when we met.;Taylor Hanson;amazing
I love getting dressed up. Being a pop star is the most brilliant job for that. A lot of girls love shopping, but they might see the most amazing outfit and think, 'When am I going to wear that?', so it's my duty to exploit the fact I do have events I can wear these things to.;Sophie Ellis-Bextor;amazing
I have an amazing relationship with food.;Katharine McPhee;amazing
I've been very fortunate to be able to jump around. I just did this really wonderful film called Map of the World. That was a real, amazing, dramatic story. Then I did a movie called Company Men, a little comedy about the Bay of Pigs.;Sigourney Weaver;amazing
I wore my first pair of Louboutins during this press tour. It was absolutely amazing, they weren't heels, they were little shoes, but they were velvet and they were blue.;Chloe Moretz;amazing
I jetset around and play these songs and get to hang with some pretty amazing people, then I go home to a really great farm, though actually it's a disaster area of a farm at the moment. But it's certainly a blast. I wouldn't trade lives with anyone right now.;Brad Paisley;amazing
It feels amazing to work with writers that write really well.;Giancarlo Esposito;amazing
So, you know, parenting is a very intimate and amazing experience and one of the best experiences of my life.;Uma Thurman;amazing
My sister, she's amazing. She sort of inspired me to take this journey to Latin America.;Jenna Bush;amazing
Well, there are better cartoonists now than there ever have been. I firmly believe that. There's some amazing work being done.;Chris Ware;amazing
I've worn dresses from all different price ranges, and the thing that couture dresses have in common is that the fit is amazing.;Beyonce Knowles;amazing
George Clooney is a super-human, he's just such an amazing human being, he taught me how to be a better person and a better actor!;Shailene Woodley;amazing
I mean, I've always said I have an amazing team and network of friends and people that I work with that, you know, inspire me and enable me to do what I do.;Alexander Wang;amazing
I had an amazing experience working with great people. I had a great family, a typical family with drama in certain areas, and that's pretty much everywhere in everyone's life.;Tina Yothers;amazing
It's nice because success has allowed me to have a blast on stage, to be in the studio with amazing people, but I find it all a bit bizarre.;David Guetta;amazing
It's amazing what we can get away with and what we can't. But it's not for me to decide.;Mike Judge;amazing
I feel fortunate I have this amazing relationship with so many people in America, because I was in their homes at a very private time of day. They probably might have still had their robe on and their slippers and haven't made the beds.;Joan Lunden;amazing
Science is one of a handful of things that defines us as a very special species. It is amazing how far we have been able to get and how accurate our predictions are. I think understanding how the universe was born is very important. It really gives us a perspective on many things.;Yuri Milner;amazing
Isn't it amazing how celebrity status preempts even the most ingrained hatreds?;Camryn Manheim;amazing
I have experienced some amazing food! Yet when I think about the most luxurious and exquisite meals I have had, visions of simple food made from a few natural ingredients are what most excite me.;Mark Hyman;amazing
I love to go shopping at Target. They have so much stuff there, you can buy almost anything, it's really amazing.;Liv Tyler;amazing
Growing up, I looked up to major league baseball players, and now these young women have amazing, incredible women all across the board, from swimming to gymnastics to softball to basketball.;Jennie Finch;amazing
One thing that is almost always said to me is, I grew up with you. They are meeting me and feel that they actually grew up with me. I was with them during their play hours and thinking hours. I was a part of their childhoods. That's one of the most amazing things.;Mark Goddard;amazing
You know, it's amazing. I don't even have a car, would you believe it? I had a motorbike and it got stolen last year. So I've got to buy another one of those, I suppose. I can treat myself to that.;Michael Fassbender;amazing
I know this is going to sound corny, but I love my life. I love my baby, so I love getting to wake up with him. And I have the most amazing job, with writing that any actor would love and costars who I can't wait to see on Monday mornings. And I love coming home to my husband.;Julianna Margulies;amazing
Reba McEntire came through town when I lived in Texas. She had this amazing theatrical show with, like, 13 different wardrobe changes. I was eight and I was like, Wow, I wanna do that!;LeAnn Rimes;amazing
I don't want to wake up and not truly be enjoying my life and these amazing things around me.;LeAnn Rimes;amazing
But one of the amazing things about documentary is that you can remake it every time you make one. There is no rule about how a documentary film has to be made.;Errol Morris;amazing
In fact, it is amazing how much European films - Italian, French, German and English - have recovered a certain territory of the audience in their countries over the last few years.;Wim Wenders;amazing
I'm from Naples. I was born in a poor neighborhood and I always, in my heart, felt like it would be amazing to be able to adopt a child from Naples. I could give someone the opportunity I had. I would love to give back in that way and pay it forward.;Giuliana Rancic;amazing
I was writing a scene where a guy was choking another guy to death. You can go online and type 'chokeholds' and watch scenes where martial artists choke each other out. You can hear what noises they make when they go unconscious, see how their bodies flop and everything. YouTube is amazing for the more detailed stuff.;Daniel H. Wilson;amazing
That show, 'The Amazing Race' - is that about white people?;Zach Galifianakis;amazing
Each of us have things and thoughts and descriptions of an amazing universe in our possession that kings in the 17th Century would have gone to war to possess.;Kary Mullis;amazing
With 'The Host,' I think the actors could be really big names. That would be cool. I'd love to see Robert Redford put on a beard and be Jeb he would be amazing... Matt Damon has some very Jared-esque qualities, and then Casey Affleck as Ian and Ben Affleck as Kyle. Imagine the interplay.;Stephenie Meyer;amazing
It's amazing that no matter how much money you have, you can make some bad decisions, and in five months you're on the street, begging.;Paz de la Huerta;amazing
I mean, there is amazing amount of oil and gas and other resources out beneath the sea. It's staggering.;Robert Ballard;amazing
I grew up in a Christian home with amazing parents.;Allyson Felix;amazing
When you're offered things, it makes it so much easier to be indecisive. And it's silly because you can pass on some really amazing things.;Alicia Silverstone;amazing
It was amazing to watch him in the darkroom at an advanced age, still get excited when the results were pleasing. He still struggled like we all do in the darkroom and he struggled behind the camera, and when he had a success he was beaming.;John Sexton;amazing
My parents were amazing and wonderful, but there was a lot of pressure to do my best and in every way possible.;Kate Bosworth;amazing
