Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets.;Arthur Miller;life
There is only one difference between a long life and a good dinner: that, in the dinner, the sweets come last.;Robert Louis Stevenson;life
One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure.;William Feather;life
Kindness, I've discovered, is everything in life.;Isaac Bashevis Singer;life
Unbeing dead isn't being alive.;e. e. cummings;life
To change ones life: Start immediately. Do it flamboyantly.;William James;life
Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity, or registering wrongs.;Charlotte Bronte;life
This life is worth living, we can say, since it is what we make it.;William James;life
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.;Isaac Asimov;life
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.;Robert Byrne;life
We are all here for a spell, get all the good laughs you can.;Will Rogers;life
The greatest pleasure of life is love.;Euripides;life
The great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it.;William James;life
Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good spirits.;Robert Louis Stevenson;life
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.;Bertrand Russell;life
While we are postponing, life speeds by.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;life
There is just one life for each of us: our own.;Euripides;life
The basic fact about human existence is not that it is a tragedy, but that it is a bore. It is not so much a war as an endless standing in line.;H. L. Mencken;life
A chain is no stronger than its weakest link, and life is after all a chain.;William James;life
Life is never easy for those who dream.;Robert James Waller;life
Life is too short to work so hard.;Vivien Leigh;life
The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions.;Alfred Adler;life
We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from life.;William Osler;life
For the happiest life, days should be rigorously planned, nights left open to chance.;Mignon McLaughlin;life
Life well spent is long.;Leonardo da Vinci;life
If you live long enough, you'll make mistakes. But if you learn from them, you'll be a better person. It's how you handle adversity, not how it affects you. The main thing is never quit, never quit, never quit.;William J. Clinton;life
Life is something to do when you can't get to sleep.;Fran Lebowitz;life
Life isn't a matter of milestones, but of moments.;Rose Kennedy;life
We can't plan life. All we can do is be available for it.;Lauryn Hill;life
Life will always be to a large extent what we ourselves make it.;Samuel Smiles;life
Life is wasted on the living.;Douglas Adams;life
Life has meaning only if one barters it day by day for something other than itself.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;life
The art of life is to know how to enjoy a little and to endure very much.;William Hazlitt;life
The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;life
The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death.;E. M. Forster;life
Life is a succession of moments, to live each one is to succeed.;Corita Kent;life
There is no wealth but life.;John Ruskin;life
Life is largely a matter of expectation.;Horace;life
Give me the luxuries of life and I will willingly do without the necessities.;Frank Lloyd Wright;life
The indispensable first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.;Ben Stein;life
I take a simple view of life. It is keep your eyes open and get on with it.;Laurence Sterne;life
Seventy percent of success in life is showing up.;Woody Allen;life
Life is not an exact science, it is an art.;Samuel Butler;life
Every man regards his own life as the New Year's Eve of time.;Jean Paul;life
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.;Emily Dickinson;life
What a wonderful life I've had! I only wish I'd realized it sooner.;Sidonie Gabrielle Colette;life
Life is like a trumpet - if you don't put anything into it, you don't get anything out of it.;William Christopher Handy;life
I take care of my flowers and my cats. And enjoy food. And that's living.;Ursula Andress;life
No man is a failure who is enjoying life.;William Feather;life
The man who has no inner-life is a slave to his surroundings.;Henri Frederic Amiel;life
Wrong life cannot be lived rightly.;Theodor Adorno;life
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.;Samuel Butler;life
Life is anything that dies when you stomp on it.;Dave Barry;life
My life is every moment of my life. It is not a culmination of the past.;Hugh Leonard;life
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act.;Truman Capote;life
To me, if life boils down to one thing, it's movement. To live is to keep moving.;Jerry Seinfeld;life
I did not direct my life. I didn't design it. I never made decisions. Things always came up and made them for me. That's what life is.;B. F. Skinner;life
Human life is as evanescent as the morning dew or a flash of lightning.;Samuel Butler;life
To live is to change, and to be perfect is to have changed often.;John Henry Newman;life
Our entire life - consists ultimately in accepting ourselves as we are.;Jean Anouilh;life
To know nothing is the happiest life.;Desiderius Erasmus;life
To be free is to have achieved your life.;Tennessee Williams;life
Variety's the very spice of life, That gives it all its flavor.;William Cowper;life
You don't have to be the Dalai Lama to tell people that life's about change.;John Cleese;life
Life is but thought.;Sara Teasdale;life
Life itself is the proper binge.;Julia Child;life
The whole secret of life is to be interested in one thing profoundly and in a thousand things well.;Horace Walpole;life
Wars and elections are both too big and too small to matter in the long run. The daily work - that goes on, it adds up.;Barbara Kingsolver;life
Life is a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of a future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.;Charles Lindbergh;life
The less routine the more life.;Amos Bronson Alcott;life
Life is much shorter than I imagined it to be.;Abraham Cahan;life
Life ought to be a struggle of desire toward adventures whose nobility will fertilize the soul.;Rebecca West;life
The Indian Summer of life should be a little sunny and a little sad, like the season, and infinite in wealth and depth of tone, but never hustled.;Henry Adams;life
Any life is made up of a single moment, the moment in which a man finds out, once and for all, who he is.;Jorge Luis Borges;life
What we play is life.;Louis Armstrong;life
Life is a great sunrise. I do not see why death should not be an even greater one.;Vladimir Nabokov;life
Life is made up of sobs, sniffles, and smiles, with sniffles predominating.;O. Henry;life
Not a shred of evidence exists in favor of the idea that life is serious.;Brendan Gill;life
The fear of life is the favorite disease of the 20th century.;William Lyon Phelps;life
Life has a higher end, than to be amused.;William Ellery Channing;life
The person lives twice who lives the first life well.;Robert Herrick;life
Unrest of spirit is a mark of life.;Karl A. Menninger;life
Life itself still remains a very effective therapist.;Karen Horney;life
Life is a lot like jazz... it's best when you improvise.;George Gershwin;life
I have inspiration and feelings of being alive most every day I live.;Judy Collins;life
I had no blood relatives till I made some.;Andy Dick;life
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.;Oscar Wilde;life
I believe that if life gives you lemons, you should make lemonade... And try to find somebody whose life has given them vodka, and have a party.;Ron White;life
Where there is love there is life.;Mahatma Gandhi;life
Life is one big road with lots of signs. So when you riding through the ruts, don't complicate your mind. Flee from hate, mischief and jealousy. Don't bury your thoughts, put your vision to reality. Wake Up and Live!;Bob Marley;life
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.;Michael Jordan;life
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.;Jim Rohn;life
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.;Buddha;life
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.';Muhammad Ali;life
In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.;Albert Schweitzer;life
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.;Winston Churchill;life
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.;Elbert Hubbard;life
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.;Swami Vivekananda;life
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them.;Dalai Lama;life
