When you're in love you never really know whether your elation comes from the qualities of the one you love, or if it attributes them to her whether the light which surrounds her like a halo comes from you, from her, or from the meeting of your sparks.;Natalie Clifford Barney;love
What the world really needs is more love and less paper work.;Pearl Bailey;love
Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life.;Joseph Conrad;love
Let no one who loves be unhappy, even love unreturned has its rainbow.;James M. Barrie;love
I don't know that love changes. People change. Circumstances change.;Nicholas Sparks;love
No one has ever loved anyone the way everyone wants to be loved.;Mignon McLaughlin;love
He who loves, flies, runs, and rejoices he is free and nothing holds him back.;Henri Matisse;love
Love is the only gold.;Alfred Lord Tennyson;love
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.;David Viscott;love
It is easier to love humanity as a whole than to love one's neighbor.;Eric Hoffer;love
Though lovers be lost love shall not.;Dylan Thomas;love
Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold.;Zelda Fitzgerald;love
When you love someone all your saved up wishes start coming out.;Elizabeth Bowen;love
Love means not ever having to say you're sorry.;Erich Segal;love
There is no limit to the power of loving.;John Morton;love
Love you will find only where you may show yourself weak without provoking strength.;Theodor Adorno;love
Love is a springtime plant that perfumes everything with its hope, even the ruins to which it clings.;Gustave Flaubert;love
O, thou art fairer than the evening air clad in the beauty of a thousand stars.;Christopher Marlowe;love
Love is a mutual self-giving which ends in self-recovery.;Fulton J. Sheen;love
To love for the sake of being loved is human, but to love for the sake of loving is angelic.;Alphonse de Lamartine;love
You don't want to love - your eternal and abnormal craving is to be loved. You aren't positive, you're negative. You absorb, absorb, as if you must fill yourself up with love, because you've got a shortage somewhere.;David Herbert Lawrence;love
There is more pleasure in loving than in being beloved.;Thomas Fuller;love
When love is at its best, one loves so much that he cannot forget.;Helen Hunt Jackson;love
Love is like a faucet, it turns off and on.;Billie Holiday;love
More than kisses, letters mingle souls.;John Donne;love
Stand by your man. Give him two arms to cling to and something warm to come to.;Tammy Wynette;love
Love is metaphysical gravity.;R. Buckminster Fuller;love
There is room in the smallest cottage for a happy loving pair.;Friedrich Schiller;love
Who loves, raves.;Lord Byron;love
With our love, we could save the world.;George Harrison;love
Pains of love be sweeter far than all other pleasures are.;John Dryden;love
To good and true love fear is forever affixed.;Francois Rabelais;love
What is love? It is the morning and the evening star.;Sinclair Lewis;love
Ultimately love is everything.;M. Scott Peck;love
True love is quiescent, except in the nascent moments of true humility.;Bryant H. McGill;love
Only love interests me, and I am only in contact with things that revolve around love.;Marc Chagall;love
You don't have to go looking for love when it's where you come from.;Werner Erhard;love
It is very easy to love alone.;Gertrude Stein;love
Who so loves believes the impossible.;Elizabeth Barrett Browning;love
Only divine love bestows the keys of knowledge.;Arthur Rimbaud;love
The richest love is that which submits to the arbitration of time.;Lawrence Durrell;love
We perceive when love begins and when it declines by our embarrassment when alone together.;Jean de la Bruyere;love
Love ceases to be a pleasure when it ceases to be a secret.;Aphra Behn;love
All love is vanquished by a succeeding love.;Ovid;love
We can only learn to love by loving.;Iris Murdoch;love
We are most alive when we're in love.;John Updike;love
Who ever loved that loved not at first sight?;Christopher Marlowe;love
Love is when he gives you a piece of your soul, that you never knew was missing.;Torquato Tasso;love
Love is an energy which exists of itself. It is its own value.;Thornton Wilder;love
In love there are two things - bodies and words.;Joyce Carol Oates;love
We love but once, for once only are we perfectly equipped for loving.;Cyril Connolly;love
I long for the raised voice, the howl of rage or love.;Leslie Fiedler;love
Love is love's reward.;John Dryden;love
But love's a malady without a cure.;John Dryden;love
Love is much nicer to be in than an automobile accident, a tight girdle, a higher tax bracket or a holding pattern over Philadelphia.;Judith Viorst;love
Is it not by love alone that we succeed in penetrating to the very essence of being?;Igor Stravinsky;love
Who would give a law to lovers? Love is unto itself a higher law.;Boethius;love
Love is blind.;Geoffrey Chaucer;love
When we lose one we love, our bitterest tears are called forth by the memory of hours when we loved not enough.;Maurice Maeterlinck;love
The cure for all the ills and wrongs, the cares, the sorrows, and the crimes of humanity, all lie in the one word 'love'. It is the divine vitality that everywhere produces and restores life.;Lydia M. Child;love
Oh, love will make a dog howl in rhyme.;Francis Beaumont;love
Love is a hole in the heart.;Ben Hecht;love
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat.;Ben Hecht;love
In our life there is a single color, as on an artist's palette, which provides the meaning of life and art. It is the color of love.;Marc Chagall;love
To enlarge or illustrate this power and effect of love is to set a candle in the sun.;Robert Burton;love
One must not trifle with love.;Alfred de Musset;love
All love is lost but upon God alone.;William Dunbar;love
Darkness cannot drive out darkness only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate only love can do that.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;love
Life is a song - sing it. Life is a game - play it. Life is a challenge - meet it. Life is a dream - realize it. Life is a sacrifice - offer it. Life is love - enjoy it.;Sai Baba;love
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;love
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.;William Shakespeare;love
When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace.;Jimi Hendrix;love
You can search throughout the entire universe for someone who is more deserving of your love and affection than you are yourself, and that person is not to be found anywhere. You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe deserve your love and affection.;Buddha;love
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.;Confucius;love
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person.;Mignon McLaughlin;love
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.;Mother Teresa;love
I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality... I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;love
All major religious traditions carry basically the same message, that is love, compassion and forgiveness the important thing is they should be part of our daily lives.;Dalai Lama;love
I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality. This is why right, temporarily defeated, is stronger than evil triumphant.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;love
To love beauty is to see light.;Victor Hugo;love
There is a sacredness in tears. They are not the mark of weakness, but of power. They speak more eloquently than ten thousand tongues. They are the messengers of overwhelming grief, of deep contrition, and of unspeakable love.;Washington Irving;love
My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry to get my work done and try to love somebody and have the courage to accept the love in return.;Maya Angelou;love
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.;Friedrich Nietzsche;love
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive.;Dalai Lama;love
Don't aim for success if you want it just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.;David Frost;love
It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. This is how the whole scheme of things works. All good things are difficult to achieve and bad things are very easy to get.;Confucius;love
I love people who make me laugh. I honestly think it's the thing I like most, to laugh. It cures a multitude of ills. It's probably the most important thing in a person.;Audrey Hepburn;love
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.;Marcus Aurelius;love
The love of family and the admiration of friends is much more important than wealth and privilege.;Charles Kuralt;love
Man must evolve for all human conflict a method which rejects revenge, aggression and retaliation. The foundation of such a method is love.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;love
There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;love
Love begins by taking care of the closest ones - the ones at home.;Mother Teresa;love
If music be the food of love, play on.;William Shakespeare;love
Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;love
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love.;Maya Angelou;love
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;love
Have we not come to such an impasse in the modern world that we must love our enemies - or else? The chain reaction of evil - hate begetting hate, wars producing more wars - must be broken, or else we shall be plunged into the dark abyss of annihilation.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;love
Hatred does not cease by hatred, but only by love this is the eternal rule.;Buddha;love
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.;Charles M. Schulz;love
