We can always find something to be thankful for, and there may be reasons why we ought to be thankful for even those dispensations which appear dark and frowning.;Albert Barnes;thankful
I am incredibly thankful for the strong support I have from my peers in the industry and of course my amazing fans.;Miranda Lambert;thankful
I have a fine level of recognition in the business and among the acting community now, so I consider myself one of the lucky ones. If I didn't think that, there would be something wrong with me. I'm grateful and thankful for what I've got.;Philip Seymour Hoffman;thankful
Even now, when I try and think of band names just randomly, I'm so thankful that 'fun.' is the name of the band. I never really think twice about it. It is so simple and so easy.;Nate Ruess;thankful
I want to let my fans get to know a little about me. I'm very thankful for everything they've done for me so, of course, I'm going to let them into my world a bit. But I really am a very private person, and I love kepping my life to myself - that's how I've always been.;Vanessa Hudgens;thankful
He enjoys much who is thankful for little.;Thomas Secker;thankful
The 'Night Train' has already been a crazy ride for me. We flew around making TV appearances and stadium announcements all over the country, fueled by little more than coffee and adrenaline... so many fans jumped on board with us, and I couldn't be more thankful.;Jason Aldean;thankful
Drink and be thankful to the host! What seems insignificant when you have it, is important when you need it.;Franz Grillparzer;thankful
My biggest fear ever is to be involved in a plane crash, so when that happened... well, I'm just thankful to be alive. I'm just grateful to be here at all.;Travis Barker;thankful
I'm thankful for my songs being at the top of the charts but I am human - I think people still have to remember that.;Delta Goodrem;thankful
I get along very well with the cast of '30 Rock.' I guess I bring a certain quirkiness to the show as well. I'm just thankful they keep asking me. I didn't think I was going to be asked back so every time they say, 'We want you back,' I'm screaming. I'm jumping up and down and screaming.;Sherri Shepherd;thankful
I feel like I still am struggling in a lot of different ways. I still have to fight for certain things. Certain jobs. At least I'm working and I'm thankful for that.;Gina Gershon;thankful
I'm just very thankful. And I say that a lot because that's the most important message.;Pharrell Williams;thankful
I learn more with every job, and I'm very thankful for where I am.;Liam Hemsworth;thankful
China has not established the rule of law and if there is a power above the law there is no social justice. Everybody can be subjected to harm. I'm just a citizen: my life is equal in value to any other. But I'm thankful that when I lost my freedom so many people shared feelings and put such touching effort into helping me.;Ai Weiwei;thankful
I bless God for this retirement: I never was more thankful for any thing than I have been of late for the necessity I am under of self-denial in many respects.;David Brainerd;thankful
I'm thankful that my memory is good because my vision is going.;Paula Poundstone;thankful
I'm thankful for Sarah Palin's vice presidential bid, which taught us that Alaska is not in a box off the coast of California.;Paula Poundstone;thankful
I'm thankful for the work that feminists like Gloria Steinem have done. I am a feminist, but the geography for women today is vastly different than it was in the '60s.;Amber Heard;thankful
There was no instruction to be thankful that the Christians were special people, chosen people. There was no nationalistic, political or ethnic superiority to be thankful for.;John Clayton;thankful
I think my mother is my biggest influence. There are so many things I hate about her but at the same time I'm thankful for her. All I know is that when I'm a parent I want to be just like my mom. I can talk to my mom more than any of my friends could talk to their parents.;Nikki Reed;thankful
I'm so happy and thankful I made it a point be a stay-at-home mom.;Candace Cameron Bure;thankful
There's no ex out there who I'm not friends with today, and I'm extremely thankful for that.;Taylor Lautner;thankful
I feel so thankful that I'm able to be a part of something that I love to wake up and run to work every day.;Alexander Wang;thankful
And I'm very surprised that all this stuff actually worked out to where I could have a career in film, gain the benefit of my education, and be thankful that I was able to break into my craft as an actor.;Terrence Howard;thankful
I am both honored and blessed to have had such a wonderful career with the L.A. Galaxy and I am thankful for everything the club, the fans and the community has done for me and my family.;Cobi Jones;thankful
I think there is a difference between Slate and Salon. I think we both serve important functions on the Internet. As more and more Websites disappear, I'm thankful Slate is still around because it makes things less lonely.;David Talbot;thankful
If I can do one hundredth part for the Indian that Mrs. Stowe did for the Negro, I will be thankful.;Helen Hunt Jackson;thankful
If I could write a story that would do for the Indian one-hundredth part what 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' did for the Negro, I would be thankful the rest of my life.;Helen Hunt Jackson;thankful
We have to be thankful to the Czechs that they did their duty. The Czech Republic won, I can't believe it. It was a huge party with all the people here.;Ruud van Nistelrooy;thankful
I love going to Africa and stuff. I love going anywhere, really, but I've been to Africa a bunch of times and it's just a beautiful place that needs help, obviously, but helping people that are really thankful is really easy to do. And the people out there always seem so thankful.;Kris Allen;thankful
I had the pleasure, as Robin said, to live a childhood dream as many young Americans and Puerto Rican children live that play youth baseball. And I feel honored and very thankful for that opportunity.;Nolan Ryan;thankful
I've got tapes that I'm so thankful that my father made - old reel-to-reel tapes. I've got a ton of those things at home. He kept those like fine diamonds, I mean he kept them, you know, in a box and was very, very careful of them, you know.;Ricky Skaggs;thankful
I've been very fortunate. I feel very thankful. I've been able to come home and do some fun things and make it exciting for people here at home.;Roger Clemens;thankful
I was in the postseason twice and I'm thankful for that.;Ryne Sandberg;thankful
I'm very humbled and honored. I'm very thankful to the Asian-American Community for all their support!;Jeremy Lin;thankful
The truth is, after Boys Don't Cry, I realized how few and far between the great roles are. I am beyond thankful for finding Million Dollar Baby.;Hilary Swank;thankful
I'm thankful for not ever taking anything illegal.;Pedro Martinez;thankful
I know for me like I have a reputation of being kind of tough, I have a reputation of also being the girl next door, kind of sweet but I have standards and my thing is, it's me on that screen and I don't have control over everything in this and I'm grateful and thankful.;Nia Long;thankful
I'm very thankful to players like John Stockton and Spud Webb. They've made it possible for someone like me to make it. I think teams are actually looking for one player under 6-feet now, because they make things happen.;Scott Brooks;thankful
I am a big defender of 'Harry Potter,' and I think any book that gets kids to read are books that we should cherish, we should be thankful for them.;Judy Blume;thankful
I'm just really thankful to have the chance to portray a character you don't see every day.;Regina King;thankful
I am very thankful and blessed to have a healthy and happy baby boy and baby mama.;Eric Church;thankful
I'm thankful that I have lived long enough to become a legend, and I hope I deserve it.;Ralph Stanley;thankful
There's a lot of women in the WNBA. There's a lot of women who could be here. To be voted by the fans says a lot - that people are aware of what's going on. I'm really thankful. I think they just really appreciate my talent so I'm definitely grateful.;Lisa Leslie;thankful
I'm really thankful to God, man. Like now, I'm really making a real comeback with my group. With or without a record, with or without a movie. And behind all the negative press behind this movie.;Ike Turner;thankful
I've had bad jobs. Now I have a good one. I'm thankful.;Maurice Greene;thankful
I've been allowed to grow over the past twenty years. I've managed to avoid being trapped in one moment of my career and for that, I'm very thankful.;Giovanni Ribisi;thankful
And I'm so thankful that I've been allowed to show another side of Trish.;Trish Stratus;thankful
As both a local resident and a parent with a CF-afflicted child, I'm thankful for companies like Canon, Chase and Outback who believe that giving back to the community is critical to their role as corporate citizens.;Boomer Esiason;thankful
I'm really thankful and complimented when people come to me and say, thank you for the great times for all these years. But I don't think about it as being a leader.;Bill Kreutzmann;thankful
A federal judge did as he was supposed to do and upheld the Constitution. We should be thankful that we have judiciary that will do that.;Michael Newdow;thankful
I am most thankful to Almighty Providence for mercies received, and determined still to press the case into public notice as a token of gratitude.;William Banting;thankful
I still don't look at myself as a star. I've always had a thankful heart.;Brenda Lee;thankful
I'm just thankful to have a tour and work something I can focus on.;Jerry Cantrell;thankful
I have spent over 60 years bent over a guitar and to know that I wrote 70 compositions that masters have recorded, that makes me feel so good and full, and proud and thankful to the good Lord.;Jerry Reed;thankful
Look, if I ever stop being grateful for gigs, I just need to stop. Because this business is... you know, it's just so kind of job-to-job, and the fact that I've continued working... I'm just incredibly thankful for it. And I never, ever take it for granted.;Tony Hale;thankful
I will forever be thankful to the Malawians and international community, and my professional army and army general, who said: 'No, we will follow the constitution.' That's why I'm here.;Joyce Banda;thankful
It feels great to win and I can't be more thankful to the Lord for walking me through every step. God was and is so faithful every time.;Webb Simpson;thankful
I'm so thankful for the Internet because actors and singers and performers now have a way to connect with their fans on a very personal level which I think is quite special.;Ariana Grande;thankful
I am very proud of my mom and consider her the most courageous woman I know. With perseverance, sacrifice and hard work, she raised a family of Olympic athletes and gave us the tools and the spirit to succeed. That is something that my brothers and I will always be thankful for.;Diana Lopez;thankful
I'm thankful to get the opportunity to direct. I hope I don't mess it up.;Mark Harmon;thankful
Working on 'Gossip Girl' was a fantastic experience. It was my first real gig and I'm thankful for it - I got to learn a lot. I'm glad I got to explore getting comfortable in my own shoes in the background on a show like 'Gossip Girl.';Dreama Walker;thankful
But I'm very thankful that no one is slamming my head against the wall anymore.;Harry Anderson;thankful
As the daughter of a 25-year veteran of the armed forces, I am incredibly thankful for the sacrifices our women and men have made in Iraq, and continue to make in Afghanistan.;Barbara Lee;thankful
Eventually I booked a 2-line role on a show called 'JAG' and slowly the parts got bigger and better. I'm very thankful that I had to appreciate how difficult the business is before I had any kind of success.;Samuel Witwer;thankful
We have to be thankful considering our number as a family we enjoy very good health generally but you may be sure me and my partner have quite enough to exercise our minds and occupy our attention.;John Hawley;thankful
I went from not knowing anything to becoming really curious and wanting to know and respecting people in the industry, realizing how hard they work. I will always be thankful for 'Top Model' for that.;Fatima Siad;thankful
I've done it all. I'm thankful and proud of what I've accomplished in my life. I hope to keep doing it.;Ralph Stanley;thankful
This little kid pointed at me and said, 'You look disgusting!' That was the first time I thought maybe I did. I decided I'd better start eating. I'm just thankful that I made it through with relatively few scars.;Susan Dey;thankful
The worst moment for the atheist is when he is really thankful and has nobody to thank.;Dante Gabriel Rossetti;thankful
All of us, who are members of the Germanic peoples, can be happy and thankful that once in thousands of years fate has given us, from among the Germanic peoples, such a genius, a leader, our Fuehrer Adolf Hitler, and you should be happy to be allowed to work with us.;Heinrich Himmler;thankful
Let him who would enjoy a good future waste none of his present.;Roger Babson;time
The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time.;Abraham Lincoln;time
Lost time is never found again.;Benjamin Franklin;time
Patience and time do more than strength or passion.;Jean de La Fontaine;time
The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of 60 minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.;C. S. Lewis;time
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?;John Wooden;time
Time is the coin of your life. It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent. Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you.;Carl Sandburg;time
Time is money.;Benjamin Franklin;time
You may delay, but time will not.;Benjamin Franklin;time
We are time's subjects, and time bids be gone.;William Shakespeare;time
Time has been transformed, and we have changed it has advanced and set us in motion it has unveiled its face, inspiring us with bewilderment and exhilaration.;Khalil Gibran;time
We must use time wisely and forever realize that the time is always ripe to do right.;Nelson Mandela;time
Waste your money and you're only out of money, but waste your time and you've lost a part of your life.;Michael LeBoeuf;time
Time is what we want most, but what we use worst.;William Penn;time
Everything happens to everybody sooner or later if there is time enough.;George Bernard Shaw;time
Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.;Henry David Thoreau;time
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.;Thomas Hardy;time
You can never plan the future by the past.;Edmund Burke;time
It is strange that the years teach us patience that the shorter our time, the greater our capacity for waiting.;Elizabeth Taylor;time
Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it.;M. Scott Peck;time
Yesterday's the past, tomorrow's the future, but today is a gift. That's why it's called the present.;Bil Keane;time
Time = Life, Therefore, waste your time and waste of your life, or master your time and master your life.;Alan Lakein;time
For disappearing acts, it's hard to beat what happens to the eight hours supposedly left after eight of sleep and eight of work.;Doug Larson;time
It is my feeling that Time ripens all things with Time all things are revealed Time is the father of truth.;Francois Rabelais;time
I must govern the clock, not be governed by it.;Golda Meir;time
What then is time? If no one asks me, I know what it is. If I wish to explain it to him who asks, I do not know.;Saint Augustine;time
In all our deeds, the proper value and respect for time determines success or failure.;Malcolm X;time
