Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.;Steve Jobs;life
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.;Abraham Lincoln;life
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.;Confucius;life
Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life.;Joel Osteen;life
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.;Michael Jordan;life
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.;Rabindranath Tagore;life
Life can only be understood backwards but it must be lived forwards.;Soren Kierkegaard;life
My mother was the most beautiful woman I ever saw. All I am I owe to my mother. I attribute all my success in life to the moral, intellectual and physical education I received from her.;George Washington;life
Character develops itself in the stream of life.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;life
For the past 33 years, I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: 'If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?' And whenever the answer has been 'No' for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something.;Steve Jobs;life
I would rather live my life as if there is a God and die to find out there isn't, than live my life as if there isn't and die to find out there is.;Albert Camus;life
But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine.;Thomas Jefferson;life
Life is a mirror and will reflect back to the thinker what he thinks into it.;Ernest Holmes;life
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. Which is what I do, and that enables you to laugh at life's realities.;Dr. Seuss;life
Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul.;Thomas Merton;life
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?';Martin Luther King, Jr.;life
Imagine all the people living life in peace. You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us, and the world will be as one.;John Lennon;life
Life has its own hidden forces which you can only discover by living.;Soren Kierkegaard;life
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.;Helen Keller;life
Whatever your life's work is, do it well. A man should do his job so well that the living, the dead, and the unborn could do it no better.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;life
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.;Leo Buscaglia;life
Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life not so much by what happens to you as by the way your mind looks at what happens.;Khalil Gibran;life
Your children are not your children. They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself. They came through you but not from you and though they are with you yet they belong not to you.;Khalil Gibran;life
Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better take things as they come along with patience and equanimity.;Carl Jung;life
All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves we must die to one life before we can enter another.;Anatole France;life
All life demands struggle. Those who have everything given to them become lazy, selfish, and insensitive to the real values of life. The very striving and hard work that we so constantly try to avoid is the major building block in the person we are today.;Pope Paul VI;life
If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want.;Zig Ziglar;life
No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. Government programs, once launched, never disappear. Actually, a government bureau is the nearest thing to eternal life we'll ever see on this earth!;Ronald Reagan;life
I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun.;Charles R. Swindoll;life
To be idle is a short road to death and to be diligent is a way of life foolish people are idle, wise people are diligent.;Buddha;life
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.;Albert Einstein;life
I'm not going to change the way I look or the way I feel to conform to anything. I've always been a freak. So I've been a freak all my life and I have to live with that, you know. I'm one of those people.;John Lennon;life
God gave us the gift of life it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.;Voltaire;life
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.;Buddha;life
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome.;Booker T. Washington;life
Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another.;Thomas Merton;life
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored.;Earl Nightingale;life
If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.;Bruce Lee;life
Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life. It turns what we have into enough, and more. It turns denial into acceptance, chaos to order, confusion to clarity. It can turn a meal into a feast, a house into a home, a stranger into a friend.;Melody Beattie;life
Bad things do happen how I respond to them defines my character and the quality of my life. I can choose to sit in perpetual sadness, immobilized by the gravity of my loss, or I can choose to rise from the pain and treasure the most precious gift I have - life itself.;Walter Anderson;life
The devil has put a penalty on all things we enjoy in life. Either we suffer in health or we suffer in soul or we get fat.;Albert Einstein;life
Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything.;Plato;life
Again, you can't connect the dots looking forward you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.;Steve Jobs;life
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.;Henry Ford;life
When you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light, for your life, for your strength. Give thanks for your food and for the joy of living. If you see no reason to give thanks, the fault lies in yourself.;Tecumseh;life
We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving.;Friedrich Nietzsche;life
The quality, not the longevity, of one's life is what is important.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;life
Without music, life would be a mistake.;Friedrich Nietzsche;life
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.;Albert Einstein;life
People fear death even more than pain. It's strange that they fear death. Life hurts a lot more than death. At the point of death, the pain is over. Yeah, I guess it is a friend.;Jim Morrison;life
Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind. To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue.;Buddha;life
Our greatest happiness does not depend on the condition of life in which chance has placed us, but is always the result of a good conscience, good health, occupation, and freedom in all just pursuits.;Thomas Jefferson;life
I remember my mother's prayers and they have always followed me. They have clung to me all my life.;Abraham Lincoln;life
I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands you need to be able to throw something back.;Maya Angelou;life
Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand.;Khalil Gibran;life
You can't stop loving or wanting to love because when its right it's the best thing in the world. When you're in a relationship and its good, even if nothing else in your life is right, you feel like your whole world is complete.;Keith Sweat;life
The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind.;Albert Einstein;life
Without deep reflection one knows from daily life that one exists for other people.;Albert Einstein;life
I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.;Rita Rudner;life
Property is intended to serve life, and no matter how much we surround it with rights and respect, it has no personal being. It is part of the earth man walks on. It is not man.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;life
It's the game of life. Do I win or do I lose? One day they're gonna shut the game down. I gotta have as much fun and go around the board as many times as I can before it's my turn to leave.;Tupac Shakur;life
Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life.;Leo Buscaglia;life
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.;Audrey Hepburn;life
There is nothing more tragic than to find an individual bogged down in the length of life, devoid of breadth.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;life
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.;Mark Twain;life
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.;Winston Churchill;life
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.;Buddha;life
Today, more than ever before, life must be characterized by a sense of Universal responsibility, not only nation to nation and human to human, but also human to other forms of life.;Dalai Lama;life
Without health life is not life it is only a state of langour and suffering - an image of death.;Buddha;life
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.;Muhammad Ali;life
When I was young I thought that money was the most important thing in life now that I am old I know that it is.;Oscar Wilde;life
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.;Og Mandino;life
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.;Oprah Winfrey;life
In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.;Lao Tzu;life
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with success unexpected in common hours.;Henry David Thoreau;life
Learning to trust is one of life's most difficult tasks.;Isaac Watts;life
Achievement of your happiness is the only moral purpose of your life, and that happiness, not pain or mindless self-indulgence, is the proof of your moral integrity, since it is the proof and the result of your loyalty to the achievement of your values.;Ayn Rand;life
The things that will destroy America are prosperity-at-any-price, peace-at-any-price, safety-first instead of duty-first, the love of soft living, and the get-rich-quick theory of life.;Theodore Roosevelt;life
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.;Golda Meir;life
Don't Make Assumptions. Find the courage to ask questions and to express what you really want. Communicate with others as clearly as you can to avoid misunderstandings, sadness and drama. With just this one agreement, you can completely transform your life.;Miguel Angel Ruiz;life
Life is tough, but it's tougher when you're stupid.;John Wayne;life
A man who views the world the same at fifty as he did at twenty has wasted thirty years of his life.;Muhammad Ali;life
Life's Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late.;Benjamin Franklin;life
Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a certain poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. Because it's only when you hitch your wagon to something larger than yourself that you realize your true potential.;Barack Obama;life
You can't connect the dots looking forward you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.;Steve Jobs;life
All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.;Walt Disney;life
All my life I have tried to pluck a thistle and plant a flower wherever the flower would grow in thought and mind.;Abraham Lincoln;life
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.;Plato;life
An armed society is a polite society. Manners are good when one may have to back up his acts with his life.;Robert A. Heinlein;life
I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?;Ernest Hemingway;life
The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own. You do not blame them on your mother, the ecology, or the president. You realize that you control your own destiny.;Albert Ellis;life
Tomorrow is the most important thing in life. Comes into us at midnight very clean. It's perfect when it arrives and it puts itself in our hands. It hopes we've learned something from yesterday.;John Wayne;life
Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything - all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure - these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important.;Steve Jobs;life
And this, our life, exempt from public haunt, finds tongues in trees, books in the running brooks, sermons in stones, and good in everything.;William Shakespeare;life
Life would be infinitely happier if we could only be born at the age of eighty and gradually approach eighteen.;Mark Twain;life
We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.;Thomas Jefferson;life
There is a tide in the affairs of men, Which taken at the flood, leads on to fortune. Omitted, all the voyage of their life is bound in shallows and in miseries. On such a full sea are we now afloat. And we must take the current when it serves, or lose our ventures.;William Shakespeare;life
The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life.;Richard Bach;life
So long as the memory of certain beloved friends lives in my heart, I shall say that life is good.;Helen Keller;life
