When I decided to be a singer, my mother warned me I'd be alone a lot. Basically we all are. Loneliness comes with life.;Whitney Houston;alone
Man alone is born crying, lives complaining, and dies disappointed.;Samuel Johnson;alone
No nation can meet the world's challenges alone.;Hillary Clinton;alone
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.;Carl Jung;alone
Why is it you feel like a dope if you laugh alone, but that's usually how you end up crying?;Chuck Palahniuk;alone
The golden opportunity you are seeking is in yourself. It is not in your environment it is not in luck or chance, or the help of others it is in yourself alone.;Orison Swett Marden;alone
All conservatism is based upon the idea that if you leave things alone you leave them as they are. But you do not. If you leave a thing alone you leave it to a torrent of change.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;alone
Doubt, of whatever kind, can be ended by action alone.;Thomas Carlyle;alone
Work alone is noble.;Thomas Carlyle;alone
It is good taste, and good taste alone, that possesses the power to sterilize and is always the first handicap to any creative functioning.;Salvador Dali;alone
I want to be with those who know secret things or else alone.;Rainer Maria Rilke;alone
The struggle alone pleases us, not the victory.;Blaise Pascal;alone
Remember, man does not live on bread alone: sometimes he needs a little buttering up.;John C. Maxwell;alone
A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone.;Henry A. Kissinger;alone
No enterprise can exist for itself alone. It ministers to some great need, it performs some great service, not for itself, but for others or failing therein, it ceases to be profitable and ceases to exist.;Calvin Coolidge;alone
One man alone can be pretty dumb sometimes, but for real bona fide stupidity, there ain't nothin' can beat teamwork.;Edward Abbey;alone
I want to be alone.;Greta Garbo;alone
Man's ultimate concern must be expressed symbolically, because symbolic language alone is able to express the ultimate.;Paul Tillich;alone
There is no pleasure to me without communication: there is not so much as a sprightly thought comes into my mind that it does not grieve me to have produced alone, and that I have no one to tell it to.;Michel de Montaigne;alone
Grief can't be shared. Everyone carries it alone. His own burden in his own way.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;alone
Man does not live by soap alone and hygiene, or even health, is not much good unless you can take a healthy view of it or, better still, feel a healthy indifference to it.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;alone
Freedom is the sure possession of those alone who have the courage to defend it.;Pericles;alone
The radiation left over from the Big Bang is the same as that in your microwave oven but very much less powerful. It would heat your pizza only to minus 271.3*C - not much good for defrosting the pizza, let alone cooking it.;Stephen Hawking;alone
Don't ever let economic alone determine your career or how you spend the majority of your time.;Denis Waitley;alone
It is the fight alone that pleases us, not the victory.;Blaise Pascal;alone
We are not to give credit to the many, who say that none ought to be educated but the free but rather to the philosophers, who say that the well-educated alone are free.;Epictetus;alone
He travels the fastest who travels alone.;Rudyard Kipling;alone
It is great folly to wish to be wise all alone.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;alone
If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, sir, should keep his friendship in a constant repair.;Samuel Johnson;alone
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.;Yoko Ono;alone
Though nature be ever so generous, yet can she not make a hero alone. Fortune must contribute her part too and till both concur, the work cannot be perfected.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;alone
The most boring scenes are the scenes where a character is alone.;Chuck Palahniuk;alone
Earth teach me to forget myself as melted snow forgets its life. Earth teach me resignation as the leaves which die in the fall. Earth teach me courage as the tree which stands all alone. Earth teach me regeneration as the seed which rises in the spring.;William Alexander;alone
I tend to stay up late, not because I'm partying but because it's the only time of the day when I'm alone and don't have to be performing.;Jim Carrey;alone
Woman is fine for her own satisfaction alone. No man will admire her the more, no woman will like her the better for it. Neatness and fashion are enough for the former, and a something of shabbiness or impropriety will be most endearing to the latter.;Jane Austen;alone
To make a prairie it takes a clover and one bee, One clover, and a bee, And revery. The revery alone will do, If bees are few.;Emily Dickinson;alone
Being an actor is the loneliest thing in the world. You are all alone with your concentration and imagination, and that's all you have.;James Dean;alone
As human beings, we need to know that we are not alone, that we are not crazy or completely out of our minds, that there are other people out there who feel as we do, live as we do, love as we do, who are like us.;Billy Joel;alone
Wisdom comes alone through suffering.;Aeschylus;alone
Children, dear and loving children, can alone console a woman for the loss of her beauty.;Honore de Balzac;alone
A great source of calamity lies in regret and anticipation therefore a person is wise who thinks of the present alone, regardless of the past or future.;Oliver Goldsmith;alone
One ever feels his twoness - an American, a Negro two souls, two thoughts, two unreconciled strivings two warring ideals in one dark body, whose dogged strength alone keeps it from being torn asunder.;W. E. B. Du Bois;alone
The foolish and the dead alone never change their opinions.;James Russell Lowell;alone
Human beings should be held accountable. Leave God alone. He has enough problems.;Elie Wiesel;alone
A well-instructed people alone can be permanently a free people.;James Madison;alone
Success comes when people act together failure tends to happen alone.;Deepak Chopra;alone
The belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary men alone are quite capable of every wickedness.;Joseph Conrad;alone
I have grown up alone. I've taken care of myself. I worked, earned money and was independent at 18.;Ingrid Bergman;alone
Show me a man who lives alone and has a perpetually clean kitchen, and 8 times out of 9 I'll show you a man with detestable spiritual qualities.;Charles Bukowski;alone
I was sleeping the other night, alone, thanks to the exterminator.;Emo Philips;alone
Take a course in good water and air and in the eternal youth of Nature you may renew your own. Go quietly, alone no harm will befall you.;John Muir;alone
My mother was a professional sick person she took a lot of pain pills. There are many people like that. It's just how they are used to getting attention. I always remember she's the daughter of alcoholics who'd leave her alone at Christmas time.;Jim Carrey;alone
Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control these three alone lead one to sovereign power.;Alfred Lord Tennyson;alone
Thank you for leaving us alone but giving us enough attention to boost our egos.;Mick Jagger;alone
The two operations of our understanding, intuition and deduction, on which alone we have said we must rely in the acquisition of knowledge.;Rene Descartes;alone
Better be alone than in bad company.;Thomas Fuller;alone
All species capable of grasping this fact manage better in the struggle for existence than those which rely upon their own strength alone: the wolf, which hunts in a pack, has a greater chance of survival than the lion, which hunts alone.;Christian Lous Lange;alone
On stage I make love to twenty five thousand people and then I go home alone.;Janis Joplin;alone
Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God.;Jesus Christ;alone
The man of genius is he and he alone who finds such joy in his art that he will work at it come hell or high water.;Stendhal;alone
The light of lights looks always on the motive, not the deed, the shadow of shadows on the deed alone.;William Butler Yeats;alone
Then stirs the feeling infinite, so felt In solitude, where we are least alone.;Lord Byron;alone
Change alone is unchanging.;Heraclitus;alone
I'm not alone, I'm free. I no longer have to be a credit, I don't have to be a symbol to anybody I don't have to be a first to anybody.;Lena Horne;alone
Plant and your spouse plants with you weed and you weed alone.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;alone
The happiness of one's own heart alone cannot satisfy the soul one must try to include, as necessary to one's own happiness, the happiness of others.;Paramahansa Yogananda;alone
I had a very happy childhood, but I wasn't that happy a child. I liked being alone and creating characters and voices. I think that's when your creativity is developed, when you're young. I liked the world of the imagination because it was an easy place to go to.;David Walliams;alone
The true and solid peace of nations consists not in equality of arms, but in mutual trust alone.;Pope John XXIII;alone
'The Christmas Song,' by Nat King Cole, is not only a masterful performance to me it just sounds like the holidays. I've never sung it, because Nat's version is so perfect. I gotta leave it alone.;Harry Connick, Jr.;alone
I was a queen, and you took away my crown a wife, and you killed my husband a mother, and you deprived me of my children. My blood alone remains: take it, but do not make me suffer long.;Marie Antoinette;alone
I just don't want to die alone, that's all. That's not too much to ask for, is it It would be nice to have someone care about me, for who I am, not about my wallet.;Richard Pryor;alone
There is no end of craving. Hence contentment alone is the best way to happiness. Therefore, acquire contentment.;Sivananda;alone
It doesn't matter about money having it, not having it. Or having clothes, or not having them. You're still left alone with yourself in the end.;Billy Idol;alone
The words of the Bible, and the Bible alone, should be heard from the pulpit.;Ellen G. White;alone
Down to Gehenna, or up to the Throne, He travels the fastest who travels alone.;Rudyard Kipling;alone
No woman can be handsome by the force of features alone, any more that she can be witty by only the help of speech.;Kin Hubbard;alone
Music should probably provide answers in terms of lyrical content, and giving people a sense of togetherness and oneness, as opposed to being alone in their thoughts and dilemmas or regrets or happiness or whatever.;Peabo Bryson;alone
If we take science as our sole guide, if we accept and hold fast that alone which is verifiable, the old theology must go.;John Burroughs;alone
Time alone reveals the just man but you might discern a bad man in a single day.;Sophocles;alone
What is the worst of woes that wait on age? What stamps the wrinkle deeper on the brow? To view each loved one blotted from life's page, And be alone on earth, as I am now.;Lord Byron;alone
Health consists with temperance alone.;Alexander Pope;alone
Recommend virtue to your children it alone, not money, can make them happy. I speak from experience.;Ludwig van Beethoven;alone
The want of logic annoys. Too much logic bores. Life eludes logic, and everything that logic alone constructs remains artificial and forced.;Andre Gide;alone
We learn about life not from plusses alone, but from minuses as well.;Anton Chekhov;alone
So during those first moments of the day, which are yours and yours alone, you can circumvent these boundaries and concentrate fully on spiritual matters. And this gives you the opportunity to plan the time management of the entire day.;Menachem Mendel Schneerson;alone
Music is amazing. There's some metaphysical comfort where it allows you to be isolated and alone while telling you that you are not alone... truly, the only cure for sadness is to share it with someone else.;Wayne Coyne;alone
Early on, if I was alone two three nights in a row, I'd start writing poems about suicide.;Jack Nicholson;alone
Know then this truth, enough for man to know virtue alone is happiness below.;Alexander Pope;alone
Observe, record, tabulate, communicate. Use your five senses. Learn to see, learn to hear, learn to feel, learn to smell, and know that by practice alone you can become expert.;William Osler;alone
When you're surrounded by all these people, it can be even lonelier than when you're by yourself. You can be in a huge crowd, but if you don't feel like you can trust anybody or talk to anybody, you feel like you're really alone.;Fiona Apple;alone
I need to do things on my own, need to be left alone.;Henry Rollins;alone
Sometimes I think we're alone in the universe, and sometimes I think we're not. In either case the idea is quite staggering.;Arthur C. Clarke;alone
The person who tries to live alone will not succeed as a human being. His heart withers if it does not answer another heart. His mind shrinks away if he hears only the echoes of his own thoughts and finds no other inspiration.;Pearl S. Buck;alone
Compassion alone stands apart from the continuous traffic between good and evil proceeding within us.;Eric Hoffer;alone
The momentum of freedom in our world is unmistakable - and it is not carried forward by our power alone. We can trust in that greater power Who guides the unfolding of the years. And in all that is to come, we can know that His purposes are just and true.;George W. Bush;alone
If we were to wipe out insects alone on this planet, the rest of life and humanity with it would mostly disappear from the land. Within a few months.;E. O. Wilson;alone
It is very easy to love alone.;Gertrude Stein;alone
The law was made for one thing alone, for the exploitation of those who don't understand it, or are prevented by naked misery from obeying it.;Bertolt Brecht;alone
Sometimes I think we're alone. Sometimes I think we're not. In either case, the thought is staggering.;R. Buckminster Fuller;alone
