'Truth Will Set U Free' is about honesty. My philosophic belief that ultimately being true to yourself is liberating, with every individual's inalienable right to be who they are without fear or recrimination.;Corey Hart;fear
Fear is the enemy. I distrust it. Any feeling or decision I make that might be motivated by fear I quickly reassess.;Andrea Riseborough;fear
My greatest fear: repetition.;Max Frisch;fear
The key to change... is to let go of fear.;Rosanne Cash;fear
What they smell isn't the emotion of fear. What dogs can smell is the changes in a person's skin that suggest fear to the dog, anxiety, the way your skin sweats, the amount of uric acid that suddenly pours out of your pores.;Robert Crais;fear
It comes with faith, for with complete faith there is no fear of what faces you in life or death.;Jacqueline Cochran;fear
I remember being onstage once when I didn't have fear: I got so scared I didn't have fear that it brought on an anxiety attack.;Carly Simon;fear
My optimism is not based primarily on the successful march of democracy in recent times but rather is based on the experience of having lived in a fear society and studied the mechanics of tyranny that sustain such a society.;Natan Sharansky;fear
In contrast, fear societies are societies in which dissent is banned.;Natan Sharansky;fear
People may believe that there can be a society where dissent is not permitted, but which is nonetheless not a fear society because everyone agrees with one another and therefore no one wants to dissent.;Natan Sharansky;fear
Will dissent be permitted? The answer to that question will determine whether the society is a free society or a fear society.;Natan Sharansky;fear
Amin knew that neither West nor East would criticize him for fear that he would support the other side. He felt he was untouchable and he said so openly.;Ryszard Kapuscinski;fear
I have no doubt that given a real choice, the vast majority of Muslims and Arabs, like everyone else will choose a free society over a fear society.;Natan Sharansky;fear
I'm always interested in trying to investigate different personalities. I want to keep myself guessing and keep the fear element alive, so that I don't get too comfortable.;Michael Fassbender;fear
Only weeks after Oslo began, when nearly all the world and most of Israel was drunk with the idea of peace, I argued that a Palestinian society not constrained by democratic norms would be a fear society that would pose a grave threat to Israel.;Natan Sharansky;fear
I fear it's because religion is man's attempt to reach God, and when he feels he has succeeded, he cannot abide anyone else's claim to have done the same.;Jerry B. Jenkins;fear
There is no fear before and no fear after. We give our best.;Rickie Lee Jones;fear
People feel uncomfortable talking about racial issues out of fear that if they express things, they will be characterized in a way that's not fair. I think that there is still a need for a dialogue about things racial that we've not engaged in.;Eric Holder;fear
One of the most gratifying things I get as an artist is when people watch me do these different demonstrations, and they in some way feel empowered by what I'm doing so they can confront their own fears. Maybe it's the fear of getting in an elevator maybe it's the fear of going on a plane and seeing the world.;Criss Angel;fear
I approach my character with the question: What would an animal think? How would an animal respond? A lot of times, it's quick action and no fear, and sometimes it's irrational fear. You don't always know.;Victoria Pratt;fear
I think that the problem is that people fear so many things and they don't live life to its fullest. And for me as an artist, if God should want me to come this Wednesday to the end of my life, so be it.;Criss Angel;fear
You can't be afraid to put out a fire if you're a fireman. You can't be afraid to be a police officer and carry a gun if you're afraid to get up and go out there. So you've got to put that fear to the side and go out in faith to overcome that.;Duane Chapman;fear
Of all the hazards, fear is the worst.;Sam Snead;fear
I don't buy into any of that hogwash. They put that out to sell tickets. It's just a classic horror movie, with the Greek drama formula of good versus evil, and lots of fear.;Margot Kidder;fear
When you gain 50 pounds during pregnancy like I did, you fear that you'll never get back in shape.;Charisma Carpenter;fear
I have a ridiculous fear of sharks but I'd jump in the water in a second for an amazing role.;Kate Mara;fear
As an actor, to have achieved financial stability is amazing. But I always have this weird fear that I'm not going to get any more work it's about not having enough money.;Paul Giamatti;fear
Maybe I fear things going wrong so much that I pre-empt them by not getting excited about them when they appear to be. going well.;Jack Dee;fear
What I think we fear is rapid, pronounced, and uncontrollable changes to ourselves, and because of this we have a form of personality inertia - something that resists rapid change.;Simon Travaglia;fear
I think masculinity is bravado against the mystery of the universe of women. It's just a fear of not knowing what women have that's so powerful. It's this shield they put up to try to get closer.;K. D. Lang;fear
Greatness comes from fear. Fear can either shut us down and we go home, or we fight through it.;Lionel Richie;fear
I think, however, that so long as our present economic and national systems continue, scientific research has little to fear.;John B. S. Haldane;fear
Don't fear anything for your letters, they are burnt one by one and I hope you do the same with mine.;Camille Claudel;fear
I think interviews can be fine. It's just there's this terrible fear of coming off wrongly or saying something that gets taken out of context.;Nicholas Hoult;fear
You don't have to do everything by the time you're 30. Or 40. All you need is a work ethic. It's what allows you to push through moments of disappointment and self-doubt and fear.;Candace Bushnell;fear
There's no love more intense than the love we have for our kids - and where there is intense love, there is also intense fear lurking beneath the surface.;Arianna Huffington;fear
It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning.;Henry Ford;finance
Your net worth to the world is usually determined by what remains after your bad habits are subtracted from your good ones.;Benjamin Franklin;finance
It is a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money.;Albert Camus;finance
Part of your heritage in this society is the opportunity to become financially independent.;Jim Rohn;finance
Don't gamble take all your savings and buy some good stock and hold it till it goes up, then sell it. If it don't go up, don't buy it.;Will Rogers;finance
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.;Epictetus;finance
A big part of financial freedom is having your heart and mind free from worry about the what-ifs of life.;Suze Orman;finance
I am favor of cutting taxes under any circumstances and for any excuse, for any reason, whenever it's possible.;Milton Friedman;finance
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.;Donald Trump;finance
Inflation is taxation without legislation.;Milton Friedman;finance
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it's just the opposite.;John Kenneth Galbraith;finance
I do not regard a broker as a member of the human race.;Honore de Balzac;finance
Our incomes are like our shoes if too small, they gall and pinch us but if too large, they cause us to stumble and to trip.;John Locke;finance
As sure as the spring will follow the winter, prosperity and economic growth will follow recession.;Bo Bennett;finance
The poor don't know that their function in life is to exercise our generosity.;Jean-Paul Sartre;finance
Owning a home is a keystone of wealth - both financial affluence and emotional security.;Suze Orman;finance
Surplus wealth is a sacred trust which its possessor is bound to administer in his lifetime for the good of the community.;Andrew Carnegie;finance
The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets.;John D. Rockefeller;finance
The propensity to truck, barter and exchange one thing for another is common to all men, and to be found in no other race of animals.;Adam Smith;finance
Wealth, in even the most improbable cases, manages to convey the aspect of intelligence.;John Kenneth Galbraith;finance
Any informed borrower is simply less vulnerable to fraud and abuse.;Alan Greenspan;finance
In the absence of the gold standard, there is no way to protect savings from confiscation through inflation. There is no safe store of value.;Alan Greenspan;finance
It's not the having, it's the getting.;Charles Spurgeon;finance
One of the funny things about the stock market is that every time one person buys, another sells, and both think they are astute.;William Feather;finance
Wealth is not without its advantages and the case to the contrary, although it has often been made, has never proved widely persuasive.;John Kenneth Galbraith;finance
Do you know the only thing that gives me pleasure? It's to see my dividends coming in.;John D. Rockefeller;finance
Money is to my social existence what health is to my body.;Mason Cooley;finance
All money is a matter of belief.;Adam Smith;finance
A moderate addiction to money may not always be hurtful but when taken in excess it is nearly always bad for the health.;Clarence Day;finance
Money is like manure. You have to spread it around or it smells.;J. Paul Getty;finance
We at Chrysler borrow money the old-fashioned way. We pay it back.;Lee Iacocca;finance
Many people are in the dark when it comes to money, and I'm going to turn on the lights.;Suze Orman;finance
The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket.;Andrew Carnegie;finance
For the merchant, even honesty is a financial speculation.;Charles Baudelaire;finance
We had a booming stock market in 1929 and then went into the world's greatest depression. We have a booming stock market in 1999. Will the bubble somehow burst, and then we enter depression? Well, some things are not different.;Jeffrey Sachs;finance
Security depends not so much upon how much you have, as upon how much you can do without.;Joseph Wood Krutch;finance
Today, if you look at financial systems around the globe, more than half the population of the world - out of six billion people, more than three billion - do not qualify to take out a loan from a bank. This is a shame.;Muhammad Yunus;finance
We cannot both preach and administer financial matters.;Saint Stephen;finance
The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that still carries any reward.;John Maynard Keynes;finance
Starting out to make money is the greatest mistake in life. Do what you feel you have a flair for doing, and if you are good enough at it, the money will come.;Greer Garson;finance
I finally know what distinguishes man from the other beasts: financial worries.;Jules Renard;finance
The number-one job of the hedge-fund manager is not to make sure that you can retire with a smile on your face - it's for him to retire with a smile on his face.;Mark Cuban;finance
I don't think about financial success as the measurement of my success.;Christie Hefner;finance
The problem of how we finance the welfare state should not obscure a separate issue: if each person thinks he has an inalienable right to welfare, no matter what happens to the world, that's not equity, it's just creating a society where you can't ask anything of people.;Jacques Delors;finance
I made my money by selling too soon.;Bernard Baruch;finance
Poverty is unnecessary.;Muhammad Yunus;finance
It is incumbent upon each of us to improve spending and savings practices to ensure our own individual financial security and preserve the collective economic well-being of our great society.;Ron Lewis;finance
I'm involved in the stock market, which is fun and, sometimes, very painful.;Regis Philbin;finance
The only way for a rich man to be healthy is by exercise and abstinence, to live as if he were poor.;William Temple;finance
We've taken the view that if the rest of the world would democratize and create market economies, that would spread the benefits of prosperity around the world, and that it would enhance our own prosperity, and our own stability and security, as well.;Jeffrey Sachs;finance
The only way that we can reduce our financial dependence on the inflow of funds from the rest of the world is to reduce our trade deficit.;Martin Feldstein;finance
Thirty to 40 years ago, most financial decisions were fairly simple.;Scott Cook;finance
Gold and silver, like other commodities, have an intrinsic value, which is not arbitrary, but is dependent on their scarcity, the quantity of labour bestowed in procuring them, and the value of the capital employed in the mines which produce them.;David Ricardo;finance
There can be no rise in the value of labour without a fall of profits.;David Ricardo;finance
Infinite growth of material consumption in a finite world is an impossibility.;E. F. Schumacher;finance
Capital is that part of wealth which is devoted to obtaining further wealth.;Alfred Marshall;finance
The price of every thing rises and falls from time to time and place to place and with every such change the purchasing power of money changes so far as that thing goes.;Alfred Marshall;finance
The economy is a very sensitive organism.;Hjalmar Schacht;finance
Money is the best rule of commerce.;William Petty;finance
Thirteen thousand dollars a year is not enough to raise a family. That's not enough to pay your bills and save for their future. That's barely enough to provide for even the most basic needs.;Thomas Carper;finance
To beat the market you'll have to invest serious bucks to dig up information no one else has yet.;Merton Miller;finance
You only need to make one big score in finance to be a hero forever.;Merton Miller;finance
The rate of interest acts as a link between income-value and capital-value.;Irving Fisher;finance
