Beauty is only skin deep, and the world is full of thin skinned people.;Richard Armour;beauty
That brings me to Dennis Ritchie. Our collaboration has been a thing of beauty.;Ken Thompson;beauty
When you put the interest of a kid on money instead of heart then you're destroying the beauty of our lives and our thought process, which should be about how much responsibilities you carry as an athlete and a citizen.;Alexis Arguello;beauty
One of my favorite beauty products is Vincent Longo Water Canvas creamy blush. I have it in every color and I've been using it for 5 years and that's all I put on when I leave the house. It looks so natural I just put a little bit on my cheeks to give them some color.;Alessandra Ambrosio;beauty
Everyday life is like programming, I guess. If you love something you can put beauty into it.;Donald Knuth;beauty
I'm always suspicious of really beautiful women telling us we shouldn't be worried about beauty.;Susan Estrich;beauty
The beauty of a main title is that you establish your main theme and maybe a bit of your secondary theme. You plant the seed that you're going to go water later in the score. And so, having that removed just made it so much more difficult.;Danny Elfman;beauty
Beauty seen is never lost, God's colors all are fast.;John Greenleaf Whittier;beauty
If the world could remain within a frame like a painting on the wall, I think we'd see the beauty then and stand staring in awe.;Conor Oberst;beauty
Unless action is taken soon - unless we can display the same vision of that earlier period - we will lose the treasure of California's open space and environmental beauty.;Adam Schiff;beauty
Remember always that the composer's pen is still mightier than the bow of the violinist in you lie all the possibilities of the creation of beauty.;John Philip Sousa;beauty
Grand opera is the most powerful of stage appeals and that almost entirely through the beauty of music.;John Philip Sousa;beauty
I guess if you take yourself seriously as an artist there starts either the problem or the beauty of doing good artwork.;Bill Griffith;beauty
I just wanted to see every single musical I could. The very first one I saw was 'Beauty and the Beast,' the only one I could get tickets for, and then 'Les Miserables' and then 'Chicago.';America Ferrera;beauty
My duty is to try to reach beauty. Cinema is emotion. When you laugh you cry.;Roberto Benigni;beauty
The expression of beauty is in direct ratio to the power of conception the artist has acquired.;Gustave Courbet;beauty
It is curious how, from time immemorial, man seems to have associated the idea of evil with beauty, shrunk from it with a sort of ghostly fear, while, at the same time drawn to it by force of its hypnotic attraction.;Richard Le Gallienne;beauty
The beauty we love is very silent. It smiles softly to itself, but never speaks.;Richard Le Gallienne;beauty
We also maintain - again with perfect truth - that mystery is more than half of beauty, the element of strangeness that stirs the senses through the imagination.;Richard Le Gallienne;beauty
A woman's beauty is one of her great missions.;Richard Le Gallienne;beauty
I've developed into quite a swan. I'm one of those people that will probably look better and better as I get older until I drop dead of beauty.;Rufus Wainwright;beauty
I appreciate simplicity, true beauty that lasts over time, and a little wit and eclecticism that make life more fun.;Elliott Erwitt;beauty
Beauty has been democratised. No longer the preserve of movie stars and models but available to all. But while the invitation to beauty is welcomed, it has become not so much an option as an imperative.;Susie Orbach;beauty
Beauty is the oracle that speaks to us all.;Luis Barragan;beauty
The real beauty of it - key to my life was playing key chords on a banjo. For somebody else it may be a golf club that mom and dad put in their hands or a baseball or ballet lessons. Real gift to give to me and put it in writing.;Vince Gill;beauty
In the 19th century, you had bourgeois art without politics - an almost frozen idea of what beauty is.;Douglas Sirk;beauty
My beauty icon is Angelina Jolie.;Ashley Benson;beauty
It's not like I'm sitting at home coming up with some secret beauty plan.;Lara Stone;beauty
One of the basic things about a string is that it can vibrate in many different shapes or forms, which gives music its beauty.;Edward Witten;beauty
Every one who has a heart, however ignorant of architecture he may be, feels the transcendent beauty and poetry of the mediaeval churches.;Goldwin Smith;beauty
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference.;Fanny Brice;beauty
We live in a state with a wonderful climate and plenty of natural beauty, from the shores of Cumberland Island to the Chattahoochee River to the Blue Ridge Mountains.;Roy Barnes;beauty
I hope that in some way that I can be some sort of beacon of hope, especially because I am not the typical Hollywood beauty.;Octavia Spencer;beauty
I was always interested in fashion and beauty. I was fifteen when I was scouted in a flea market. Two years later, I arrived in New York. I was in awe because it was like another planet.;Candice Swanepoel;beauty
Latin life is rich with warmth, family values and history. I want to bring that beauty into American homes.;Cristina Saralegui;beauty
Being nerdy just means being passionate about something, including everyone - the coolest people on Earth are passionate and therefore nerdy about something whatever it is, whether it's sports, or gaming, or technology, or fashion, or beauty, or food, or whatever.;Zachary Levi;beauty
Listening to my regular favourites - Mozart, Beethoven, Brahms and so on - I always feel, quite misguidedly, that nothing can be too bad if such beauty and brilliance exists in the world.;Jane Asher;beauty
The reason that the all-American boy prefers beauty to brains is that he can see better than he can think.;Farrah Fawcett;beauty
I love my beauty. It's not my fault.;Valentino Garavani;beauty
A sculptor wields The chisel, and the stricken marble grows To beauty.;William C. Bryant;beauty
My mother is a beauty.;Mary-Louise Parker;beauty
Beauty is the result of having been through an experience all the way through to the end - therefore it has a poignancy. Beauty that is singular always comes from following an experience to the point where you can go no further.;Joan Chen;beauty
No eyes that have seen beauty ever lose their sight.;Jean Toomer;beauty
The world is a crazy, beautiful, ugly complicated place, and it keeps moving on from crisis to strangeness to beauty to weirdness to tragedy. The caravan keeps moving on, and the job of the longform writer or filmmaker or radio broadcaster is to stop - is to pause - and when the caravan goes away, that's when this stuff comes.;David Remnick;beauty
Sometimes I think I might not have written 'The Age of Miracles' if I hadn't grown up in California, if I hadn't been exposed to its very particular blend of beauty and disaster, of danger and denial.;Karen Thompson Walker;beauty
'Beauty' is a currency system like the gold standard. Like any economy, it is determined by politics, and in the modern age in the West is is the last, best belief system that keeps male dominance intact.;Naomi Wolf;beauty
Most urgently, women's identity must be premised upon our 'beauty' so that we will remain vulnerable to outside approval, carrying the vital sensitive organ of self-esteem exposed to the air.;Naomi Wolf;beauty
Congress has an obligation to protect our country's natural beauty, embodied in our nation's parks, rivers, and breathtaking landscapes.;Dave Reichert;beauty
I'm a drugstore beauty girl, I love going to the drugstore and buying makeup.;Melanie Fiona;beauty
I think one of the things that language poets are very involved with is getting away from conventional ideas of beauty, because those ideas contain a certain attitude toward women, certain attitudes toward sex, certain attitudes toward race, etc.;Diane Wakoski;beauty
It is art that makes life, makes interest, makes importance and I know of no substitute whatever for the force and beauty of its process.;Max Eastman;beauty
For two thousand years, the Church has guided the development of music, carefully legislating to fuse artistic talent and aesthetic beauty with the demands of the Faith.;Richard Morris;beauty
I hold that the perfection of form and beauty is contained in the sum of all men.;Albrecht Durer;beauty
I longed to arrest all beauty that came before me, and at length the longing has been satisfied.;Julia Margaret Cameron;beauty
The pursuit of beauty is much more dangerous nonsense than the pursuit of truth or goodness, because it affords a stronger temptation to the ego.;Northrop Frye;beauty
It's how you look at beauty. Is it only an outward appearance with hair and makeup and a hot body, or is it something deeper than that?;Hilary Swank;beauty
I like to dedicate myself wholeheartedly to a cause so that I have more impact. My goal is to shed light on the beauty of the ocean and how important it is for our planet.;Hayden Panettiere;beauty
Beauty is everlasting And dust is for a time.;Marianne Moore;beauty
Here in L.A. the standard of beauty is kind of ridiculous. I want to be doing this when I'm in my fifties and sixties and this isn't what I'm going to look like.;Rose Byrne;beauty
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.;Oliver Platt;beauty
But, when the work was finished, the Craftsman kept wishing that there were someone to ponder the plan of so great a work, to love its beauty, and to wonder at its vastness.;Giovanni Pico della Mirandola;beauty
My father always taught by telling stories about his experiences. His lessons were about morality and art and what insects and birds and human beings had in common. He told me what it meant to be a man and to be a Black man. He taught me about love and responsibility, about beauty, and how to make gumbo.;Walter Mosley;beauty
There is no spot of ground, however arid, bare or ugly, that cannot be tamed into such a state as may give an impression of beauty and delight.;Gertrude Jekyll;beauty
What is one to say about June, the time of perfect young summer, the fulfillment of the promise of the earlier months, and with as yet no sign to remind one that its fresh young beauty will ever fade.;Gertrude Jekyll;beauty
It used to happen in villages and towns in China that they would have - I guess you'd call them beauty contests - where all of the women of a particular village or town would be seated behind these screens or curtains with only their feet showing.;Lisa See;beauty
And often it would be a woman who was in her 70s or 80s who would win the beauty contest, because bound feet never age.;Lisa See;beauty
The leading edge in evidence presentation is in science the leading edge in beauty is in high art.;Edward Tufte;beauty
Art ought never to be considered except in its relations with its ideal beauty.;Alfred de Vigny;beauty
The U.S. states that allow for citizens' initiatives tend to have fewer laws and lower taxes than the ones that don't. But the beauty of the system is that it encourages the spread of best practice.;Daniel Hannan;beauty
Are we changing the idea of what beauty is? Let's hope so. I'm not the typical Hollywood beauty. Let's hope we're looking at the insides of people a little more.;Anne Heche;beauty
Wit is more necessary than beauty and I think no young woman ugly that has it, and no handsome woman agreeable without it.;William Wycherley;beauty
Science shows us truth and beauty and fills each day with a fresh wonder of the exquisite order which governs our world.;Polykarp Kusch;beauty
As a busy working mom I'm always pressed for time, so a quick and easy beauty routine is key!;Angela Kinsey;beauty
I think that the biggest beauty essential is as simple as a good, full night's sleep.;Angela Kinsey;beauty
I always carry lip balm and lipstick. Lipstick is a very important beauty product because I find that lips are the most beautiful feature of anyone's face.;Fan Binbing;beauty
It seems that if one is working from the point of view of getting beauty in one's equations, and if one has really a sound insight, one is on a sure line of progress.;Paul Dirac;beauty
The beauty of this country and what people participate in is the competitive nature that we allow to exist and the fact is that we are better because we have great competitors.;Lee Scott;beauty
A painstaking course in qualitative and quantitative analysis by John Wing gave me an appreciation of the need for, and beauty of, accurate measurement.;Paul D. Boyer;beauty
Form follows beauty.;Oscar Niemeyer;beauty
For me beauty is valued more than anything - the beauty that is manifest in a curved line or in an act of creativity.;Oscar Niemeyer;beauty
My work is not about 'form follows function,' but 'form follows beauty' or, even better, 'form follows feminine.';Oscar Niemeyer;beauty
The beauty of golf, you're in charge out here.;Mike Weir;beauty
There is beauty when something works and it works intuitively.;Jonathan Ive;beauty
Literature isn't a moral beauty contest. Its power arises from the authority and audacity with which the impersonation is pulled off the belief it inspires is what counts.;Philip Roth;beauty
Beauty, the eternal Spouse of the Wisdom of God and Angel of his Presence thru' all creation.;Robert Bridges;beauty
Maybe I'm old-fashioned. But I remember the beauty and thrill of being moved by Broadway musicals - particularly the endings of shows.;Marvin Hamlisch;beauty
Beauty and the Beast became the first animated feature ever nominated for best picture.;Leonard Maltin;beauty
I read 'The Great Gatsby' in high school and was hypnotized by the beauty of the sentences and moved by the story about the irrevocability of lost love.;Tom Perrotta;beauty
So as I look at transitioning to the communication platforms of the future, I see that the beauty of Internet protocols is you get the separation of the layers between service and technology.;Michael K. Powell;beauty
What breadth, what beauty and power of human nature and development there must be in a woman to get over all the palisades, all the fences, within which she is held captive!;Alexander Herzen;beauty
People are craving this great progress in electronics, going after computers, the Internet, etc. It's a giant progress technologically. But they must have a balance of soul, a balance for human beauty. That means art has an important role.;Mstislav Rostropovich;beauty
Baalbek is so beautiful. It is the heart of beauty in the Middle East - I want to embrace these people with my music. I will try so hard for them. Their president is a Christian, their prime minister is a Muslim. Music is for everyone.;Mstislav Rostropovich;beauty
We had common interests in the beauty of the French language. We both had a tremendous love of jazz. We shared dreams of getting married and having a family, living in the country, leading an idyllic life.;David Amram;beauty
Well I do find the beauty in animals. I find beauty everywhere. I find beauty in my garden.;Doris Day;beauty
I don't have any beauty shop memories. I remember the barber shop.;Jenifer Lewis;beauty
We didn't have a beauty shop as I grew up.;Jenifer Lewis;beauty
There's a difference between beauty and charm. A beautiful woman is one I notice. A charming woman is one who notices me.;John Erskine;beauty
As for everything else, so for a mathematical theory: beauty can be perceived but not explained.;Arthur Cayley;beauty
One must learn, if one is to see the beauty in Japan, to like an extraordinarily restrained and delicate loveliness.;Miriam Beard;beauty
