Overall the fundamentals seem to be there and he's obviously got a very mature head on his shoulders. He's got a kind of presence.;Nick Price;sports
New Yorkers love it when you spill your guts out there. Spill your guts at Wimbledon and they make you stop and clean it up.;Jimmy Connors;sports
Perhaps the single most important element in mastering the techniques and tactics of racing is experience. But once you have the fundamentals, acquiring the experience is a matter of time.;Greg LeMond;sports
You don't suffer, kill yourself and take the risks I take just for money. I love bike racing.;Greg LeMond;sports
I went through baseball as 'a player to be named later.';Joe Garagiola;sports
I'm not buddy-buddy with the players. If they need a buddy, let them buy a dog.;Whitey Herzog;sports
Olympism is the marriage of sport and culture.;Juan Antonio Samaranch;sports
Many baseball fans look upon an umpire as a sort of necessary evil to the luxury of baseball, like the odor that follows an automobile.;Christy Mathewson;sports
Baseball is a public trust. Players turn over, owners turn over and certain commissioners turn over. But baseball goes on.;Peter Ueberroth;sports
Other sports play once a week but this sport is with us every day.;Peter Ueberroth;sports
Football is violence and cold weather and sex and college rye.;Roger Kahn;sports
I was showing early symptoms of becoming a professional baseball man. I was lying to the press.;Roger Kahn;sports
Tennis and golf are best played, not watched.;Roger Kahn;sports
He hits it long. His shoulders are impressively quick through the ball. That's where he's getting his power from. He's young and has great elasticity.;Nick Faldo;sports
He hits the ball a long way and he knows how to win.;Gary McCord;sports
He's got an overall flair for the game. It looks to me like he really loves what he does and he can't wait to get up in the morning, go hit some balls and go play.;Gary McCord;sports
The bell that tolls for all in boxing belongs to a cash register.;Bob Verdi;sports
What's unfortunate about buying a pitcher for $12 million is that he carries no warranty.;Bob Verdi;sports
He's got everything. He' not a great player yet because he hasn't won any major championships, but it's a matter of time. He's an outstanding talent. I didn't realize how tall he is.;Nick Price;sports
There are two theories on hitting the knuckleball. Unfortunately, neither of them works.;Charley Lau;sports
If you are going to throw a club, it is important to throw it ahead of you, down the fairway, so you don't have to waste energy going back to pick it up.;Tommy Bolt;sports
If your man is a sports enthusiast, you may have to resign yourself to his spouting off in a monotone on a prize fight, football game or pennant race.;Marilyn Monroe;sports
I like sports, and I enjoy playing basketball and lifting weights.;Joel Osteen;sports
I hate all sports as rabidly as a person who likes sports hates common sense.;H. L. Mencken;sports
I've told Billy if I ever caught him cheating, I wouldn't kill him because I love his children and they need a dad. But I would beat him up. I know where all of his sports injuries are.;Angelina Jolie;sports
Some of the companies we helped start are names you know. An office supply company called Staples - where I'm pleased to see the Obama campaign has been shopping The Sports Authority, which became a favorite of my sons. We started an early childhood learning center called Bright Horizons that First Lady Michelle Obama rightly praised.;Mitt Romney;sports
I liked the energy of cooking, the action, the camaraderie. I often compare the kitchen to sports and compare the chef to a coach. There are a lot of similarities to it.;Todd English;sports
Don't force your kids into sports. I never was. To this day, my dad has never asked me to go play golf. I ask him. It's the child's desire to play that matters, not the parent's desire to have the child play. Fun. Keep it fun.;Tiger Woods;sports
The American people are sheep. They're comfortable, rich, working. It's like the Romans, they're happy with bread and their spectator sports. The Super Bowl means more to them than any right.;Jack Kevorkian;sports
The problem with winter sports is that - follow me closely here - they generally take place in winter.;Dave Barry;sports
I used to play sports. Then I realized you can buy trophies. Now I am good at everything.;Demetri Martin;sports
Honestly, I don't listen to nobody else's music but my own. It's kind of like sports to me. You don't see Kobe Bryant at a LeBron James game - he just works on his own game. And that's what I do. I only listen to me, so I can criticize and analyze and all those things.;Lil Wayne;sports
For truly it is to be noted, that children's plays are not sports, and should be deemed as their most serious actions.;Michel de Montaigne;sports
Even from their infancy we frame them to the sports of love: their instruction, behavior, attire, grace, learning and all their words azimuth only at love, respects only affection. Their nurses and their keepers imprint no other thing in them.;Michel de Montaigne;sports
Growing up, if I hadn't had sports, I don't know where I'd be. God only knows what street corners I'd have been standing on and God only knows what I'd have been doing, but instead I played hockey and went to school and stayed out of trouble.;Bobby Orr;sports
I'm a visual thinker, really bad at algebra. There's others that are a pattern thinker. These are the music and math minds. They think in patterns instead of pictures. Then there's another type that's not a visual thinker at all, and they're the ones that memorize all of the sports statistics, all of the weather statistics.;Temple Grandin;sports
I think that from the time you start playing sports as a child you see that your responsibility to your team is to play the best that you can play as an individual... and yet, not take anything away from being part of a team.;Wayne Gretzky;sports
Sports teaches you character, it teaches you to play by the rules, it teaches you to know what it feels like to win and lose-it teaches you about life.;Billie Jean King;sports
The best kids are going to become the best. But the best thing about it is that you're going to learn lessons in playing those sports about winning and losing and teamwork and teammates and arguments and everything else that are going to affect you positively for the rest of your life.;Carl Lewis;sports
I look at athletes in all sports and try to picture what kind of football player they'd be, what position they'd play and so on.;Lou Holtz;sports
I don't know anything that builds the will to win better than competitive sports.;Richard M. Nixon;sports
Black people dominate sports in the United States. 20% of the population and 90% of the final four.;Chris Rock;sports
Even if I did have, you know, a 'Sports Illustrated' body, I'd still wear elegant clothes.;Adele;sports
The addiction to sports, therefore, in a peculiar degree marks an arrested development in man's moral nature.;Thorstein Veblen;sports
I have never seen a wrestling match or a prize fight, and I don't want to. When I find out a man is interested in these sports, I drop him.;Hedy Lamarr;sports
If you're a sports fan you realize that when you meet somebody, like a girlfriend, they kind of have to root for your team. They don't have a choice.;Jimmy Fallon;sports
Well, I'm not a big sports fan.;Jeff Bridges;sports
One afternoon when I was 9, my dad told me I'd be skipping school the next day. Then we drove 12 hours from Melbourne to Sydney for the Centenary Test, a once-in-a-lifetime commemorative cricket match. It was great fun - especially for a kid who was a massive sports fan.;Hugh Jackman;sports
But sports carried me away from being in a gang, or being associated with drugs. Sports was my way out.;LeBron James;sports
I enjoy sports in person.;Shania Twain;sports
I'm sort of like a lame, single guy in a red sports car.;Billy Corgan;sports
I couldn't find the sports car of my dreams, so I built it myself.;Ferdinand Porsche;sports
The main thing is healthy eating, exercise, which I do for special events, like if it's Sports Illustrated, or the swim suit catalogue for Victoria's Secret, or my own calendar that I did for the year 2000.;Heidi Klum;sports
I'm a mad lover of sport. You cannot say a bad word to me about sports. So I know business is involved and I know it can be cynical, and, of course, I watch it, but for me it's pure.;Hugh Jackman;sports
When you look at golf films before us they're all - garbage or satire. A lot of sports films tend to vilify the opposition. Where the opposition becomes this big angry monster, so big you can't beat him.;Shia LaBeouf;sports
I live by 'Go big or go home.' That's with everything. It's like either commit and go for it or don't do it at all. I apply that to everything. I apply that to relationships, I apply that to like sports, I apply that to everything. That's what I live by. That's how I like it.;Paul Walker;sports
When did I know I had talent? I think it started when I first started playing sports, organized sports.;LeBron James;sports
I was always a sports nut but I've lost interest now in whether one bunch of mercenaries in north London is going to beat another bunch of mercenaries from west London.;John Cleese;sports
I think exercise tests us in so many ways, our skills, our hearts, our ability to bounce back after setbacks. This is the inner beauty of sports and competition, and it can serve us all well as adult athletes.;Peggy Fleming;sports
Sports and entertainment are the only places where inner-city kids see themselves being able to succeed. Their intellectual development is something they don't relate to.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;sports
The plays and sports of children are as salutary to them as labor and work are to grown persons.;Samuel Richardson;sports
I went to a football school, which meant that I went to a university that served up education and was simultaneously operating a sports franchise.;Susan Orlean;sports
I have long been one of those tedious people who rails against the coronation of 'student-athletes.' I have heard the argument that big-time athletics bring in loads of money to universities. I don't believe the money goes anywhere other than back into the sports teams, but that's another story.;Susan Orlean;sports
It's become another dimension to who I am. I don't think Sports Illustrated is going to be wanting me. But who cares? I'm at a different place in my life.;Cindy Crawford;sports
I love sports. I love animals. I love kids. I want to save the world. So how do I combine all those things? I don't know.;Joan Jett;sports
Sports is human life in microcosm.;Howard Cosell;sports
Breaking records is not something you expect to be doing. That's like a sports thing, it's not usually a comedy and writing thing.;Louis C. K.;sports
Women's sports is still in its infancy. The beginning of women's sports in the United States started in 1972, with the passage of Title 9 for girls to finally get athletic scholarships.;Billie Jean King;sports
I'm girlie in the sense that I like makeup, but I also love sports and man food.;Carrie Underwood;sports
In the sports arena I would say there is nothing like training and preparation. You have to train your mind as much as your body.;Venus Williams;sports
We're not doing outrageous fashion I make sports clothes that are relatively conservative, clothes that everyone wears.;Calvin Klein;sports
Don't let anyone turn you into a slave. You're a slave if you let the media tell you that sports and entertainment are more important than developing your brain.;Benjamin Carson;sports
The things that people do now in sports, you can't even believe. These are complete total athletes. To see what human beings can do in the highest level is amazing.;Billie Joe Armstrong;sports
You cannot mix sports with politics.;Jackie Chan;sports
I love sports. Whenever I can, I always watch the Detroit Tigers on the radio.;Gerald R. Ford;sports
Sports have become increasingly more specialized, but that doesn't mean they shouldn't be fun.;Mia Hamm;sports
I think extreme sports are really good for relieving stress.;Dave Chappelle;sports
I've always been a guy who wants to play sports, not watch them.;Shaun White;sports
I always tell people that our sports aren't that dangerous.;Shaun White;sports
What drives me now is the fact that I feel like I still have so many tricks that I want to learn and so many things that I can still do. And so many cool things outside of sports that I have been doing.;Shaun White;sports
There's a whole lot more to the African-American community than entertainment and sports.;J. C. Watts;sports
That's the biggest gap in sports, the difference between the winner and the loser of the Super Bowl.;John Madden;sports
I am very slow to warm. I've always been sort of a loner. I didn't play team sports. I am better one-on-one than in big groups.;Rooney Mara;sports
Funding for sports (and the arts) are often the first things facing the chop in difficult times.;Lucy Powell;sports
Sports is the toy department of human life.;Howard Cosell;sports
The importance that our society attaches to sport is incredible. After all, is football a game or a religion? The people of this country have allowed sports to get completely out of hand.;Howard Cosell;sports
Sports is like a war without the killing.;Ted Turner;sports
Don't sell yourself short because without that you can't go far in life because after sports the only thing you know is sports and you can't do anything else with that.;Bo Jackson;sports
Americans' addiction to sports, with the NFL at the top, is based on the excitement generated by the potential for the unexpected great play which can only happen with honest competition from great athletes.;Arlen Specter;sports
I'm not good at anything except writing jokes. I wasn't good at sports, I wasn't good at anything artsy, ever. I think there was a real worry for a while about what I would be good at. I was just this chubby little Indian kid who looked like a nerd.;Mindy Kaling;sports
I think sometimes when it comes to sports, and especially relationships between players and coaches, that people lose track, lose a sense of reality.;Ricky Williams;sports
That's what we need nowadays, is more children that have goals other than being a sports figure or some kind of celebrity. I think it's great that a kid wants to learn more and wants to be at the peak of learning, especially at that young.;Joe Nichols;sports
When they take surveys of women in business, of the Fortune 500, the successful women, 80% of them, say they were in sports as a young woman.;Billie Jean King;sports
Sports without music is just a game. Music makes it entertaining.;Ice Cube;sports
I sort of always had an inkling towards some kind of an art form. I grew up in a very small town, and I just figure-skated. My dad played hockey and I was surrounded by sports, but it wasn't quite doing it for me. I wasn't totally fulfilled, and I did a lot of skating.;Rachel McAdams;sports
A significant piece of the wealth that the NFL owners garner is a result of the enormous TV revenues they get - and those revenues are supported by a legislatively granted exemption from the antitrust laws that has been made applicable to sports leagues, primarily the NFL.;Eliot Spitzer;sports
I would love to be associated with some sports organization. I was a journalism major. That's kind of intriguing, to do something in the political-commentary arena.;J. C. Watts;sports
My sister is totally my dad's daughter because she loves sports.;Ashley Tisdale;sports
Unfortunately the world is what it is now. People don't get along for whatever reason. As professional athletes, in a way we're almost ambassadors for peace, because sports brings everyone together.;Venus Williams;sports
