Culture: the cry of men in face of their destiny.;Albert Camus;men
The punishment which the wise suffer who refuse to take part in the government, is to live under the government of worse men.;Plato;men
Men are never really willing to die except for the sake of freedom: therefore they do not believe in dying completely.;Albert Camus;men
The Bible is one of the greatest blessings bestowed by God on the children of men. It has God for its author salvation for its end, and truth without any mixture for its matter. It is all pure.;John Locke;men
Only free men can negotiate prisoners cannot enter into contracts. Your freedom and mine cannot be separated.;Nelson Mandela;men
Men should be either treated generously or destroyed, because they take revenge for slight injuries - for heavy ones they cannot.;Niccolo Machiavelli;men
The savior who wants to turn men into angels is as much a hater of human nature as the totalitarian despot who wants to turn them into puppets.;Eric Hoffer;men
Liberate the minds of men and ultimately you will liberate the bodies of men.;Marcus Garvey;men
You will find men who want to be carried on the shoulders of others, who think that the world owes them a living. They don't seem to see that we must all lift together and pull together.;Henry Ford;men
But while they prate of economic laws, men and women are starving. We must lay hold of the fact that economic laws are not made by nature. They are made by human beings.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;men
Adversity causes some men to break others to break records.;William Arthur Ward;men
I think the part of media that romanticizes criminal behavior, things that a person will say against women, profanity, being gangster, having multiple children with multiple men and women and not wanting to is prevalent. When you look at the majority of shows on television they placate that kind of behavior.;Bill Cosby;men
Some men can live up to their loftiest ideals without ever going higher than a basement.;Theodore Roosevelt;men
Tears are often the telescope by which men see far into heaven.;Henry Ward Beecher;men
A strong argument for the religion of Christ is this - that offences against Charity are about the only ones which men on their death-beds can be made - not to understand - but to feel - as crime.;Edgar Allan Poe;men
Of all the men that have run for president in the twentieth century, only George McGovern truly understood what a monument America could be to the human race.;Hunter S. Thompson;men
Government is an association of men who do violence to the rest of us.;Leo Tolstoy;men
There are three classes of men lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain.;Plato;men
Men are born ignorant, not stupid. They are made stupid by education.;Bertrand Russell;men
Beware of men who cry. It's true that men who cry are sensitive to and in touch with feelings, but the only feelings they tend to be sensitive to and in touch with are their own.;Nora Ephron;men
It is not titles that honor men, but men that honor titles.;Niccolo Machiavelli;men
Reflect upon your present blessings of which every man has many - not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.;Charles Dickens;men
Only free men can negotiate. A prisoner cannot enter into contracts.;Nelson Mandela;men
If we take the generally accepted definition of bravery as a quality which knows no fear, I have never seen a brave man. All men are frightened. The more intelligent they are, the more they are frightened.;George S. Patton;men
Women must tell men always that they are the strong ones. They are the big, the strong, the wonderful. In truth, women are the strong ones. It is just my opinion, I am not a professor.;Coco Chanel;men
The hate of men will pass, and dictators die, and the power they took from the people will return to the people. And so long as men die, liberty will never perish.;Charlie Chaplin;men
All men's miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone.;Blaise Pascal;men
We are so obsessed with doing that we have no time and no imagination left for being. As a result, men are valued not for what they are but for what they do or what they have - for their usefulness.;Thomas Merton;men
The better I get to know men, the more I find myself loving dogs.;Charles de Gaulle;men
There is danger from all men. The only maxim of a free government ought to be to trust no man living with power to endanger the public liberty.;John Adams;men
Nothing in the affairs of men is worthy of great anxiety.;Plato;men
America's fighting men and women sacrifice much to ensure that our great nation stays free. We owe a debt of gratitude to the soldiers that have paid the ultimate price for this cause, as well as for those who are blessed enough to return from the battlefield unscathed.;Allen Boyd;men
Dear Lord we beg but one boon more: Peace in the hearts of all men living, peace in the whole world this Thanksgiving.;Joseph Auslander;men
I try to speak my points of view about black America, and how I feel about black men and the role that black men should play in their lives with their children and in their lives with their women.;Will Smith;men
When freedom does not have a purpose, when it does not wish to know anything about the rule of law engraved in the hearts of men and women, when it does not listen to the voice of conscience, it turns against humanity and society.;Pope John Paul II;men
When men speak ill of thee, live so as nobody may believe them.;Plato;men
It is easier to find men who will volunteer to die, than to find those who are willing to endure pain with patience.;Julius Caesar;men
Personally, I like two types of men - domestic and foreign.;Mae West;men
The danger of the past was that men became slaves. The danger of the future is that man may become robots.;Erich Fromm;men
Throughout the centuries there were men who took first steps, down new roads, armed with nothing but their own vision.;Ayn Rand;men
As a rule, men worry more about what they can't see than about what they can.;Julius Caesar;men
Don't wait for extraordinary opportunities. Seize common occasions and make them great. Weak men wait for opportunities strong men make them.;Orison Swett Marden;men
Nothing can be more absurd than the practice that prevails in our country of men and women not following the same pursuits with all their strengths and with one mind, for thus, the state instead of being whole is reduced to half.;Plato;men
Rhetoric is the art of ruling the minds of men.;Plato;men
I have known a vast quantity of nonsense talked about bad men not looking you in the face. Don't trust that conventional idea. Dishonesty will stare honesty out of countenance any day in the week, if there is anything to be got by it.;Charles Dickens;men
I was ecstatic they re-named 'French Fries' as 'Freedom Fries'. Grown men and women in positions of power in the U.S. government showing themselves as idiots.;Johnny Depp;men
Girls we love for what they are young men for what they promise to be.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;men
I don't know why women want any of the things men have when one the things that women have is men.;Coco Chanel;men
Great hopes make great men.;Thomas Fuller;men
History does nothing it does not possess immense riches, it does not fight battles. It is men, real, living, who do all this.;Karl Marx;men
Today is Valentine's Day - or, as men like to call it, Extortion Day!;Jay Leno;men
The greatest enemy to human souls is the self-righteous spirit which makes men look to themselves for salvation.;Charles Spurgeon;men
Let men see, let them know, a real man, who lives as he was meant to live.;Marcus Aurelius;men
I speak Spanish to God, Italian to women, French to men, and German to my horse.;Charles V;men
How absurd men are! They never use the liberties they have, they demand those they do not have. They have freedom of thought, they demand freedom of speech.;Soren Kierkegaard;men
Time and money spent in helping men to do more for themselves is far better than mere giving.;Henry Ford;men
In America everybody is of the opinion that he has no social superiors, since all men are equal, but he does not admit that he has no social inferiors, for, from the time of Jefferson onward, the doctrine that all men are equal applies only upwards, not downwards.;Bertrand Russell;men
The Hebrews have done more to civilize men than any other nation. If I were an atheist, and believed blind eternal fate, I should still believe that fate had ordained the Jews to be the most essential instrument for civilizing the nations.;John Adams;men
Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove. But I find that the whole order of Nature confirms my confidence that, if it is not like our noblest hopes and dreams, it will transcend them.;Henry Norris Russell;men
Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it.;Thomas Paine;men
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.;Thomas Fuller;men
Plain women know more about men than beautiful women do.;Katharine Hepburn;men
Whatever deceives men seems to produce a magical enchantment.;Plato;men
States are as the men, they grow out of human characters.;Plato;men
That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history.;Aldous Huxley;men
The megalomaniac differs from the narcissist by the fact that he wishes to be powerful rather than charming, and seeks to be feared rather than loved. To this type belong many lunatics and most of the great men of history.;Bertrand Russell;men
I know war as few other men now living know it, and nothing to me is more revolting. I have long advocated its complete abolition, as its very destructiveness on both friend and foe has rendered it useless as a method of settling international disputes.;Ernest Hemingway;men
A man who has nothing for which he is willing to fight, nothing which is more important than his own personal safety, is a miserable creature and has no chance of being free unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself.;John Stuart Mill;men
We should not fret for what is past, nor should we be anxious about the future men of discernment deal only with the present moment.;Chanakya;men
Not only our future economic soundness but the very soundness of our democratic institutions depends on the determination of our government to give employment to idle men.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;men
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.;Orison Swett Marden;men
Money demands that you sell, not your weakness to men's stupidity, but your talent to their reason.;Ayn Rand;men
Men are moved by two levers only: fear and self interest.;Napoleon Bonaparte;men
All men are equal before fish.;Herbert Hoover;men
All religions have been made by men.;Napoleon Bonaparte;men
Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from religious conviction.;Blaise Pascal;men
Women have simple tastes. They get pleasure out of the conversation of children in arms and men in love.;H. L. Mencken;men
Men use thought only as authority for their injustice, and employ speech only to conceal their thoughts.;Voltaire;men
What's with you men? Would hair stop growing on your chest if you asked directions somewhere?;Erma Bombeck;men
I shall never be a heretic I may err in dispute, but I do not wish to decide anything finally on the other hand, I am not bound by the opinions of men.;Martin Luther;men
The big divide in this country is not between Democrats and Republicans, or women and men, but between talkers and doers.;Thomas Sowell;men
Time, which alone makes the reputation of men, ends by making their defects respectable.;Voltaire;men
Whenever men take the law into their own hands, the loser is the law. And when the law loses, freedom languishes.;Robert Kennedy;men
More gold has been mined from the thoughts of men than has been taken from the earth.;Napoleon Hill;men
Deprived of meaningful work, men and women lose their reason for existence they go stark, raving mad.;Fyodor Dostoevsky;men
Men ought either to be indulged or utterly destroyed, for if you merely offend them they take vengeance, but if you injure them greatly they are unable to retaliate, so that the injury done to a man ought to be such that vengeance cannot be feared.;Niccolo Machiavelli;men
If men can develop weapons that are so terrifying as to make the thought of global war include almost a sentence for suicide, you would think that man's intelligence and his comprehension... would include also his ability to find a peaceful solution.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;men
Men are more moral than they think and far more immoral than they can imagine.;Sigmund Freud;men
All the problems of the world could be settled easily if men were only willing to think. The trouble is that men very often resort to all sorts of devices in order not to think, because thinking is such hard work.;Thomas J. Watson;men
If you want to give up the admiration of thousands of men for the distain of one, go ahead, get married.;Katharine Hepburn;men
The wish to acquire more is admittedly a very natural and common thing and when men succeed in this they are always praised rather than condemned. But when they lack the ability to do so and yet want to acquire more at all costs, they deserve condemnation for their mistakes.;Niccolo Machiavelli;men
It is not so much for its beauty that the forest makes a claim upon men's hearts, as for that subtle something, that quality of air that emanation from old trees, that so wonderfully changes and renews a weary spirit.;Robert Louis Stevenson;men
There are truths which are not for all men, nor for all times.;Voltaire;men
Men hate the individual whom they call avaricious only because nothing can be gained from him.;Voltaire;men
There is no such thing as society: there are individual men and women, and there are families.;Margaret Thatcher;men
When bad men combine, the good must associate else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.;Edmund Burke;men
Now the reason the enlightened prince and the wise general conquer the enemy whenever they move and their achievements surpass those of ordinary men is foreknowledge.;Sun Tzu;men
Satire lies about literary men while they live and eulogy lies about them when they die.;Voltaire;men
All brave men love for he only is brave who has affections to fight for, whether in the daily battle of life, or in physical contests.;Nathaniel Hawthorne;men
