History has taught us over and over again that freedom is not free. When push comes to shove, the ultimate protectors of freedom and liberty are the brave men and women in our armed forces. Throughout our history, they've answered the call in bravery and sacrifice.;Tim Pawlenty;women
It's funny how you never think about the women you've had. It's always the ones who get away that you can't forget.;Chuck Palahniuk;women
Women are tenacious, and all of them should be tenacious of respect without esteem they cannot exist esteem is the first demand that they make of love.;Honore de Balzac;women
Decisiveness is a characteristic of high-performing men and women. Almost any decision is better than no decision at all.;Brian Tracy;women
A woman asking 'Am I good? Am I satisfied?' is extremely selfish. The less women fuss about themselves, the less they talk to other women, the more they try to please their husbands, the happier the marriage is going to be.;Barbara Cartland;women
Women have served all these centuries as looking glasses possessing the power of reflecting the figure of man at twice its natural size.;Virginia Woolf;women
African women in general need to know that it's OK for them to be the way they are - to see the way they are as a strength, and to be liberated from fear and from silence.;Wangari Maathai;women
Women desire six things: They want their husbands to be brave, wise, rich, generous, obedient to wife, and lively in bed.;Geoffrey Chaucer;women
Women prefer to talk in twos, while men prefer to talk in threes.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;women
The story of the human race is the story of men and women selling themselves short.;Abraham Maslow;women
Our duty, as men and women, is to proceed as if limits to our ability did not exist. We are collaborators in creation.;Pierre Teilhard de Chardin;women
Good women always think it is their fault when someone else is being offensive. Bad women never take the blame for anything.;Anita Brookner;women
I am drawn to women who are independent and creative, which is problematic because it's a struggle, a competition of careers. There's jealousy.;Marilyn Manson;women
I think women should start to embrace their age. What's the alternative to getting older? You die. I can't change the day I was born. But I can take care of my skin, my body, my mind, and try to live my life and be happy.;Olivia Munn;women
Many societies have educated their male children on the simple device of teaching them not to be women.;Margaret Mead;women
There are some women whose pregnancy would make some sly bachelor smile.;Honore de Balzac;women
Men become much more attractive when they start looking older. But it doesn't do much for women, though we do have an advantage: make-up.;Bette Davis;women
Few women, I fear, have had such reason as I have to think the long sad years of youth were worth living for the sake of middle age.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;women
It is generally recognised that women are better than men at languages, personal relations and multi-tasking, but less good at map-reading and spatial awareness. It is therefore not unreasonable to suppose that women might be less good at mathematics and physics.;Stephen Hawking;women
A lot of very beautiful women can be a pain because all they're thinking about is how they look.;Emma Thompson;women
The generality of virtuous women are like hidden treasures, they are safe only because nobody has sought after them.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;women
It is true that a fellow cannot ignore women - but he can think of them as he ought - as sisters, not as sparring partners.;Jim Elliot;women
Women's virtue is frequently nothing but a regard to their own quiet and a tenderness for their reputation.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;women
I became a lesbian because of women, because women are beautiful, strong, and compassionate.;Rita Mae Brown;women
Men get to be a mixture of the charming mannerisms of the women they have known.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;women
Women rule the world. It's not really worth fighting because they know what they're doing. Ask Napoleon. Ask Adam. Ask Richard Burton or Richie Sambora. Many a man has crumbled.;Jon Bon Jovi;women
It is our duty as men and women to proceed as though the limits of our abilities do not exist.;Pierre Teilhard de Chardin;women
I should like to know what is the proper function of women, if it is not to make reasons for husbands to stay at home, and still stronger reasons for bachelors to go out.;George Eliot;women
The strength and power of a country depends absolutely on the quantity of good men and women in it.;John Ruskin;women
Women, as they grow older, rely more and more on cosmetics. Men, as they grow older, rely more and more on a sense of humor.;George Jean Nathan;women
All of the women on The Apprentice flirted with me - consciously or unconsciously. That's to be expected.;Donald Trump;women
We must make it clear that a platform of 'I hate gay men and women' is not a way to become president of the United States.;Jimmy Carter;women
The happiest women, like the happiest nations, have no history.;George Eliot;women
Like many women my age, I am 28 years old.;Mary Schmich;women
There is one thing women can never take away from men. We die sooner.;P. J. O'Rourke;women
CNN found that Hillary Clinton is the most admired woman in America. Women admire her because she's strong and successful. Men admire her because she allows her husband to cheat and get away with it.;Jay Leno;women
Brigands demand your money or your life women require both.;Samuel Butler;women
Let us leave pretty women to men devoid of imagination.;Marcel Proust;women
To be born woman is to know - although they do not speak of it at school - women must labor to be beautiful.;William Butler Yeats;women
When men hear women want a commitment, they think it means commitment to a romantic relationship, but that's not it. It's a commitment to not floating around anymore. I want a guy who is entrenched in his own life. Entrenched is awesome.;Mindy Kaling;women
Feminism encourages women to leave their husbands, kill their children, practice witchcraft, destroy capitalism and become lesbians.;Pat Robertson;women
If you don't love yourself, you can't love anybody else. And I think as women we really forget that.;Jennifer Lopez;women
I do not consider divorce an evil by any means. It is just as much a refuge for women married to brutal men as Canada was to the slaves of brutal masters.;Susan B. Anthony;women
Strong women only marry weak men.;Bette Davis;women
Many women long for what eludes them, and like not what is offered them.;Ovid;women
There's a certain kind of behavior in the Arab world that, to me, resembles the way young men behave when there is no significant influence from women in their lives.;P. J. O'Rourke;women
Freedom is a right ultimately defended by the sacrifice of America's servicemen and women.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;women
A revival does two things. First, it returns the Church from her backsliding and second, it causes the conversion of men and women and it always includes the conviction of sin on the part of the Church. What a spell the devil seems to cast over the Church today!;Billy Sunday;women
There can be no equality or opportunity if men and women and children be not shielded in their lives from the consequences of great industrial and social processes which they cannot alter, control, or singly cope with.;Woodrow Wilson;women
Women can stand a beating except when it is with their own weapons.;Samuel Butler;women
The principle goal of education in the schools should be creating men and women who are capable of doing new things, not simply repeating what other generations have done.;Jean Piaget;women
On one issue at least, men and women agree they both distrust women.;James Russell Lowell;women
Being a woman is of special interest only to aspiring male transsexuals. To actual women, it is simply a good excuse not to play football.;Fran Lebowitz;women
Women are most fascinating between the ages of 35 and 40 after they have won a few races and know how to pace themselves. Since few women ever pass 40, maximum fascination can continue indefinitely.;Christian Dior;women
I hope that no more groans of wounded men and women will ever go to the ear of the Great Spirit Chief above, and that all people may be one people.;Chief Joseph;women
Men aren't the way they are because they want to drive women crazy they've been trained to be that way for thousands of years. And that training makes it very difficult for men to be intimate.;Barbara de Angelis;women
If one could be friendly with women, what a pleasure - the relationship so secret and private compared with relations with men. Why not write about it truthfully?;Virginia Woolf;women
Men at most differ as Heaven and Earth, but women, worst and best, as Heaven and Hell.;Alfred Lord Tennyson;women
What Democratic congressmen do to their women staffers, Republican congressmen do to the country.;Bill Maher;women
People are more violently opposed to fur than leather because it's safer to harass rich women than motorcycle gangs.;Alexei Sayle;women
Nature has given women so much power that the law has very wisely given them little.;Samuel Johnson;women
I have to admit, like so many women, I always knew there was a chance. But like so many women, I never thought it would be me. I never thought I'd hear those devastating words: 'You have breast cancer.';Debbie Wasserman Schultz;women
Men are just as sensitive, and in some ways more sensitive, than women are.;Barbara de Angelis;women
Italians come to ruin most generally in three ways, women, gambling, and farming. My family chose the slowest one.;Pope John XXIII;women
In less enlightened times, the best way to impress women was to own a hot car. But women wised up and realized it was better to buy their own hot cars so they wouldn't have to ride around with jerks.;Scott Adams;women
Capitalism has its weaknesses. But it is capitalism that ended the stranglehold of the hereditary aristocracies, raised the standard of living for most of the world and enabled the emancipation of women.;Camille Paglia;women
Really, every woman is an example to me, because as women we go through so much pain. We have to live this perfect life when we are messed up inside. We all go through trials and tribulations.;Mary J. Blige;women
Women are the engine driving the growth in California's economy. Women make California's economy unique.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;women
Women are like cars: we all want a Ferrari, sometimes want a pickup truck, and end up with a station wagon.;Tim Allen;women
Men's magazines often feature pictures of naked ladies. Women's magazines also often feature pictures of naked ladies. This is because the female body is a beautiful work of art, while the male body is hairy and lumpy and should not be seen by the light of day.;Richard Roeper;women
No nation can rise to the height of glory unless your women are side by side with you.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;women
It's funny about men and women. Men pay in cash to get them and pay in cash to get rid of them. Women pay emotionally coming and going. Neither has it easy.;Hedy Lamarr;women
The most efficient water power in the world - women's tears.;Wilson Mizner;women
Every man needs two women: a quiet home-maker, and a thrilling nymph.;Iris Murdoch;women
I've always liked men better than women.;Bette Davis;women
Good-humoured, unaffected girls, will not do for a man who has been used to sensible women. They are two distinct orders of being.;Jane Austen;women
Too many women throw themselves into romance because they're afraid of being single, then start making compromises and losing their identity. I won't do that.;Julie Delpy;women
Black women are programmed to define ourselves within this male attention and to compete with each other for it rather than to recognize and move upon our common interests.;Audre Lorde;women
San Francisco is a mad city - inhabited for the most part by perfectly insane people whose women are of a remarkable beauty.;Rudyard Kipling;women
There are two kinds of women, those who want power in the world and those who want power in bed.;Jackie Kennedy;women
Yes, it's a man's world, but that's all right because they're making a total mess of it. We're chipping away at their control, taking the parts we want. Some women think it's a difficult task, but it's not.;Cher;women
When men and women agree, it is only in their conclusions their reasons are always different.;George Santayana;women
Elections are won by men and women chiefly because most people vote against somebody rather than for somebody.;Franklin P. Adams;women
The education of women is the best way to save the environment.;E. O. Wilson;women
Advertising is a business of words, but advertising agencies are infested with men and women who cannot write. They cannot write advertisements, and they cannot write plans. They are helpless as deaf mutes on the stage of the Metropolitan Opera.;David Ogilvy;women
Feminism was established to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream.;Rush Limbaugh;women
Those men get along best with women who can get along best without them.;Charles Baudelaire;women
I'm not convinced that women have the education or the sense of their own history enough or that they understand the cruelty of which men are capable and the delight that many men will take in seeing you choose to chain yourself - then they get to say 'See, you did it yourself.';Alice Walker;women
Clearly older women and especially older women who have led an active life or elder women who successfully maneuver through their own family life have so much to teach us about sharing, patience, and wisdom.;Alice Walker;women
Most women are one man away from welfare.;Gloria Steinem;women
If we became students of Malcolm X, we would not have young black men out there killing each other like they're killing each other now. Young black men would not be impregnating young black women at the rate going on now. We'd not have the drugs we have now, or the alcoholism.;Spike Lee;women
There is a real vulgarity in the way women dress at the moment. They show off too much and try too hard. They don't understand where the line is between sexy and vulgar. I know where that line is.;Roberto Cavalli;women
Never was it given to mortal man - To lie so boldly as we women can.;Alexander Pope;women
As women slowly gain power, their values and priorities are reshaping the agenda. A multitude of studies show that when women control the family funds, they generally spend more on health, nutrition, and education - and less on alcohol and cigarettes.;Dee Dee Myers;women
There are certainly not so many men of large fortune in the world, as there are pretty women to deserve them.;Jane Austen;women
Kindness in women, not their beauteous looks, shall win my love.;Washington Irving;women
I am so used to seeing the sort of play which deals with one man and two women. They do not leave me with the feeling I have made a full theatrical meal they do not give me the experience of the multiplicity of life.;E. M. Forster;women
If men and women are to understand each other, to enter into each other's nature with mutual sympathy, and to become capable of genuine comradeship, the foundation must be laid in youth.;Havelock Ellis;women
The thing women have yet to learn is nobody gives you power. You just take it.;Roseanne Barr;women
