With all of you men out there who think that having a thousand different ladies is pretty cool, I have learned in my life I've found out that having one woman a thousand different times is much more satisfying.;Wilt Chamberlain;cool
I want you to see that I'm looking. Look at me look at you. I'm cool with that.;Busta Rhymes;cool
I could never dream of being cool.;Andrea Corr;cool
You actually don't want people thinking your product is cool, because then you're a fad.;Sean Parker;cool
I think being a wealthy member of the establishment is the antithesis of cool. Being a countercultural revolutionary is cool. So to the extent that you've made a billion dollars, you've probably become uncool.;Sean Parker;cool
My relationship with my mom is so amazing. We never got to have that stage that people go through, like when you're 13 and you think you're too cool for your parents. When you're embarrassed by them and stuff. We never went through that because I was constantly working and she constantly had to be there.;Hilary Duff;cool
You show up in Paris, and on the drive from the airport to the hotel you're like, 'This is so cool! I want to see something! I want to go to the Eiffel Tower!' And then you leave the next morning. You think, Oh, I didn't get to do anything. I tell people: I've been just about everywhere, but I've seen nothing.;Taylor Lautner;cool
Everybody thinks it's going to be so glamorous, so cool, you're on 'Glee,' you know, a hit show or whatever.;Idina Menzel;cool
I was probably cool around the end of 2002.;Martin Freeman;cool
But being on location and shooting, whether its in Puerto Rico or Atlanta, it always reminds me of how really cool my job can be. Interacting with the fans is one of the best parts of it.;Dwayne Johnson;cool
People connect with me just as a cool, around-the-way type of guy.;Wiz Khalifa;cool
You don't have to be a certain thing to be cool. If you're white, you don't have to act black or whatever. Just be you and know who you are.;Wiz Khalifa;cool
And in a world without heroes, as the movie trailer voice-over guy might say, the slightly awkward can be slightly cool.;Adam Brody;cool
To me, what I love about the draft is first, you see the young men who are realizing their dreams that they've worked so hard for. That's a pretty cool thing. You saw the emotion from some of these guys the other day. And then, the second thing is this total sense of hope and optimism. And, I think that's great for everybody.;Roger Goodell;cool
I do, I kick major butt in 'Dredd.' I get to kill people. I break a guy's neck by roundhouse kicking him in the face. It was me, I did it. I learned how to roundhouse kick. I also do it with my hands cuffed behind my back so it's pretty cool I have to say. Yeah, leather body suit, blonde hair, the whole thing.;Olivia Thirlby;cool
I shall go the way of the open sea, to the lands I knew before you came, and the cool ocean breezes shall blow from me the memory of your name.;Adela Florence Nicolson;cool
I'm more into the Spawn toys. They're really cool. They're coming out with a Techno Spawn series and another series, The Dark Ages, which are really cool.;Jason Mewes;cool
It's cool to be recognised by your peers.;Frank Ocean;cool
The idea of recognising your strengths and using them in as versatile a way as you can is cool to me.;Frank Ocean;cool
What I do doesn't sit well in the world of hipsterville. I don't have a cool card, but I also don't have thin skin.;Chris Daughtry;cool
Above all, film is a business... Independence is a really cool thing as you can be a bit more bold, and take a few more chances with what you do.;Mel Gibson;cool
I used to lie between cool, clean sheets at night after I'd had a bath, after I had washed my hair and scrubbed my knuckles and finger-nails and teeth. Then I could lie quite still in the dark with my face to the window with the trees in it, and talk to God.;Frances Farmer;cool
My strangest media moment a photo session they all had dressed up like 50 gangsters. That was pretty cool. We have to get some more of those kind of photos sometimes.;Kerry King;cool
When I decided to launch my first knitwear line, it was because I saw a void in the basics category. The editors were always looking for cool, fashion-forward tees and sweaters. So that's where I started.;Alexander Wang;cool
If people are taking pictures of me at Starbucks, it's not the end of the world. It's cool, it's fun, it's exciting.;Cory Monteith;cool
And looking at today's music scene, I think it's cool that there are a lot of consumers and fans not limited by what radio and the record companies tell them to buy.;Juice Newton;cool
The cool thing about music is no one can take music away from you, writing wise.;Darren Criss;cool
I don't think, generally speaking, people become writers because they were the really good, really cool, attractive kid in class. I'll be honest. This is our revenge for people who were much better looking and more popular than us. I was a bit like that, I suppose.;Steven Moffat;cool
If you can get a teen leader in each sector of a student population, you can pull people in. Everybody wants to get involved, but most are too afraid. When they see a person they think is cool leading it, they're first to join.;Andrew Shue;cool
I'm way better in person than I am on things like Twitter. I know Twitter is the best and fastest way to connect with fans who really appreciate you but I'm still not cool with it - although I am trying! I try my best but I'm a one-on-one person and I don't want to tell people I'm on the toilet or I just brushed my teeth.;Nicole Scherzinger;cool
In France, everyone speaks French 'cause they think it's cool. Gives 'em, gives 'em an excuse to smoke.;Scott Thompson;cool
I'm not really cool, or dashing, or any of those things.;Scott Thompson;cool
That was really cool. I got to kiss a little boy. I was 7 and he was 10, and his name is Thomas Curtis. He was the first boy I've ever kissed in my entire life and he was three years older than me.;Dakota Fanning;cool
There's no point in swanning through and being cool as a breeze in every scene. It's not really that interesting. Even if you're a superhero.;Michael Fassbender;cool
I think the great sketch shows, like 'Python' and 'Mr. Show,' they didn't stick around for very long. There's something kind of cool about that.;Tim Heidecker;cool
Acting is sort of an extension of childhood. You get to play all of these roles and have so much fun. Playing an athlete would be so cool. Or where you get to shoot guns, ride horses. I wouldn't turn down any of that.;Jon Hamm;cool
Being in America isn't old-hat - it's where we're from - but I get excited to be in other parts of the world like Athens and Croatia, which were quite cool. I'm a sightseer. I go see the sights and museums. I'm into that kind of thing.;Richie Sambora;cool
My mother used to take me to flea markets in my stroller, and I would just rummage through the piles. You've got to dig through the overstuffed racks that everyone else just walks by. It's the only way to find the cool stuff.;Lily Collins;cool
I don't like reading things that people say on the Internet because I know so much of it is not true. I don't want to waste my time worrying about what other people are thinking. I just want to focus on being able to do cool projects.;Lily Collins;cool
Belly buttons are cool!;Lauren Graham;cool
In my books the technology that I choose to talk about has to serve the themes. What that means is that I end up having to cut out a lot of cool technology that would be really fun to describe and play with, but which would just confuse everybody. So in 'Amped,' I focus on neural implants.;Daniel H. Wilson;cool
I may be the prat in the hat, that's cool, but I drive an Aston Martin DB5.;Jay Kay;cool
With 'The Host,' I think the actors could be really big names. That would be cool. I'd love to see Robert Redford put on a beard and be Jeb he would be amazing... Matt Damon has some very Jared-esque qualities, and then Casey Affleck as Ian and Ben Affleck as Kyle. Imagine the interplay.;Stephenie Meyer;cool
When certain bootleg companies started off and they would take maybe ten per cent of whatever they got and help fuel new bands, which I'm cool with, I think that's a good idea. Most of the record companies are not doing that.;David Coverdale;cool
Adele's amazing, I think the world of her and her music and I think Tinie Tempah is cool. To work with someone like Kanye West would be awesome.;Joe Jonas;cool
It's just cool for a girl to be able to do her own thing. I do a lot of movies, and I'm very lucky, and I'm not complaining. But in movies, alongside big action men, we've always got to take a step back and let the men shine.;Maggie Q;cool
He's as cool as a prized marrow!;Sid Waddell;cool
But this is Miami, you can't come to Miami and not show any skin. You gotta show something. If you're all covered up in this heat, you're gonna make me pass out out just to look at you. It's sweaty in Miami-but the diamonds will keep me cool.;Lil' Kim;cool
The private interest of the individual would not be sufficiently provided for by reasonable and cool self-love alone therefore the appetites and passions are placed within as a guard and further security, without which it would not be taken due care of.;Joseph Butler;cool
Being in love is not cool!;Alice Englert;cool
Everything you listen to when you are 17 should be embarrassing, otherwise you are way too cool.;Jessica Brown Findlay;cool
My style icons would be people like Brigitte Bardot and old Hollywood actresses who always look so stunning, cool and chic. I like classic and timeless looks.;Jessica Brown Findlay;cool
I like doing theaters. I like being up close and personal with the fans. It's really cool.;Ruben Studdard;cool
Simon is cool. You know, it's different if you ever see him around his mom. He acts totally different.;Ruben Studdard;cool
All I know is that I've ruled out wearing fairy wings. When I was nine I wanted to get married in fairy wings, and now I realize that's not cool anymore.;Isla Fisher;cool
'Ludacris' is something that I made up. It just kind of describes me. Sometimes I have like a split personality. Sometimes I'm cool, calm, and collected, and other times I'm beyond crazy.;Ludacris;cool
Everyone hooks up with George Clooney. He's a genuinely cool guy. He's using his powers for good.;William H. Macy;cool
I never saw music in terms of men and women or black and white. There was just cool and uncool.;Bonnie Raitt;cool
New York had a big influence on me growing up, and I was really part of the club scene - the Mudd Club and Studio 54. When you're living in New York, you are just bombarded with style, trying to figure out how to be cool and how to feel relaxed at the same time.;Dylan McDermott;cool
My dad was kind of a pool shark and had a Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin thing going on. I've always been fascinated by the fifties because of him. There was a hip, cool, anything-goes atmosphere back then, but looking good was still a priority.;Dylan McDermott;cool
Style is innate to who I am. My father gave me a picture the other day. I must have been about seven, and I had on wing-tip shoes and some cool pants. I thought, 'Wow!';Dylan McDermott;cool
Honestly, I'm cool with everyone, and people pick up on that. I'd say, 'I'm not gay, but it's all good.' It's kind of like going to Paris when you don't know the language some Americans get into trouble over there, but I'm just like, 'Sorry, I don't speak French.';Dylan McDermott;cool
Sometimes guys are so concerned with being cool and hanging out with their friends. They don't want to seem like the guy that 'has to call his girlfriend.' It's just boys growing up.;Kristin Cavallari;cool
We, some cast members and I, even went on a weekend trip together and spent the weekend at an inn, because we enjoy each other's company so much, and it was so cool.;Victor Garber;cool
If you meet a girl, you meet a girl. It's normal, so if you exchange numbers, whatevs, it's cool.;Zayn Malik;cool
When I think of the definition of cool and when I look at people, John Travolta is really the definition of cool because, not only is he great in all his movies, but, as a person, he's just really cool.;Christina Milian;cool
I always thought it would be really cool to be playing the drums in the show and then have your astral body or whatever travel all through the audience and dig whatever it's like out there.;Bill Kreutzmann;cool
Am I really cool? You're telling me I'm cool? Well, that's good to hear.;Paul Giamatti;cool
Ron Howard is as good a person as you could want to work with on film. He never lost his cool. He's the most easygoing, lovely man, but he's got this enormous intelligence and a wonderful humanity.;Christine Baranski;cool
If the choice is between doing something supercool and having no one hear it and doing something equally cool and tricking people into putting it on the radio, I don't think the second option is some big sellout.;Julian Casablancas;cool
My music was never considered cool, but I've always felt that connection with the audience.;David Cassidy;cool
I would never do a commercial for something that is embarrassing, and I think that people maybe have a different perspective on what is embarrassing or not. Some people think doing a Revlon hair commercial is really cool. To me, that's embarrassing, but World of Warcraft - not embarrassing, very cool.;Aubrey Plaza;cool
So you got the cool New Yorkers, and then there are the less-than-cool New Yorkers.;Edward Burns;cool
I mean the cool thing about the movies is that you get to try on these different personalities and different styles.;Edward Burns;cool
I knew exactly what I wanted to do. I wanted to build some kind of lifestyle brand that was preppy and cool.;Tommy Hilfiger;cool
We had incense and rock'n'roll posters, and we sold records and rolling papers. People could just, like, hang out. We had a cool vibe going.;Tommy Hilfiger;cool
I influenced the BG style by not being able to draw perspective. The BG artists developed cool graphic painting styles to make my bad backgrounds look like they were that way on purpose.;John Kricfalusi;cool
I try to be the best husband I can be, and if people respect that, that's cool. But there's no 'perfect husband.' We just all try to do the best we can, you know what I mean?;Nick Lachey;cool
One interviewer asked me: 'How do you feel that you've betrayed your father?' That wasn't really very cool.;Dhani Harrison;cool
It's really hard for actors to cross over and get any respect as a singer, and if I could just keep it separate and not use my music in movies, it's cool.;Taryn Manning;cool
There's kind of a cool feel that happens every now and then. I guess that feel is the thing that makes the score its own score. But, I don't know exactly what that is. So, it's hard for me to answer that question.;Danny Elfman;cool
I have visualizations where I'm living in a really cool place - probably outside of town - with a really dope studio where I can record music or film things. Just have my own mini production house. That's really the thing I'd love to end up with the most and only do gigs when I needed to and also amass a little bit of a crew around me.;Reggie Watts;cool
Sometimes airport security people recognize me. I'll go through the whole screening process and at the end they'll go, 'Hey, man, I really like your work.' That's so cool.;Reggie Watts;cool
My parents were vegetarians. I'd show up at school, this giant black kid, with none of the cool clothes and a tofu sandwich and celery sticks.;Aisha Tyler;cool
I didn't come to Hollywood to drink or get high, and I don't want to be considered a cool actor - I want to be a great actor.;Tom Sizemore;cool
You have to be the best of whatever you are, but successful, cool actresses come in all shapes and sizes.;Jessica Alba;cool
In my school, people liked the gym teachers because they were the football or soccer coaches. But look, if they're cool, they get respect.;Danny McBride;cool
When people meet me, many times they're very surprised because they expect someone who is kind of wacky with seven piercings and very hip and cool and New York City, and I'm not.;Augusten Burroughs;cool
I just want to do cool stuff.;Rob Corddry;cool
For years I have been going to the South of France to cool out.;Suzanne Somers;cool
It's cool to have instruments lying around because they give you different ideas.;Ezra Koenig;cool
I do think sometimes there's danger in guest appearance mania. I've seen too many examples that sound cool on paper, like 'Oh, get that guy to sing the hook on that guy's song,' and then that's all it is. It's a cool idea that sounds good on paper.;Ezra Koenig;cool
It's pretty cool that people will pay for something even though they don't have to. It's totally different now to back in the day. Now you're paying for a record because you believe in the band. In the future that will be the only time people will pay for albums, because there's some kind of connection.;Ezra Koenig;cool
I didn't want to come up with some generic Johnny Bravo type name. I'm not that cool, so I might as well stick with my birth name.;Colin Hanks;cool
We want to do for 'Hamlet' what Baz Luhrmann did for 'Romeo and Juliet' in terms of like a really cool kind of re-imagining.;Emile Hirsch;cool
I once owned a really, really ugly pair of white leather boots. They were so bad. It was back in the '80s! It was just a really tacky fashion choice when I was in middle school, and I thought it was cool. I'm really embarrassed.;Jordana Brewster;cool
I was labeled at a young age - Miss Unemotional, Miss Cool, and that would carry over to my press conferences.;Chris Evert;cool
Being on Oprah? You realize that there are a couple of types of audience members. There are like the cult people in the audience who are just crying before she gets on. And then there are the people who are playing it cool. I definitely was somewhere in the middle.;Genevieve Gorder;cool
For me, everything is cool.;Paz Vega;cool
