Consul - in American politics, a person who having failed to secure an office from the people is given one by the Administration on condition that he leave the country.;Ambrose Bierce;politics
Politics is a profession a serious, complicated and, in its true sense, a noble one.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;politics
Establishing lasting peace is the work of education all politics can do is keep us out of war.;Maria Montessori;politics
Politics will eventually be replaced by imagery. The politician will be only too happy to abdicate in favor of his image, because the image will be much more powerful than he could ever be.;Marshall McLuhan;politics
Office politics are bloody-minded, but weak on content.;Mason Cooley;politics
Politics is an act of faith you have to show some kind of confidence in the intellectual and moral capacity of the public.;George McGovern;politics
My objection to Liberalism is this that it is the introduction into the practical business of life of the highest kind namely, politics of philosophical ideas instead of political principles.;Benjamin Disraeli;politics
Politics and the pulpit are terms that have little agreement.;Edmund Burke;politics
Magnanimity in politics is not seldom the truest wisdom and a great empire and little minds go ill together.;Edmund Burke;politics
There are no morals in politics there is only expedience. A scoundrel may be of use to us just because he is a scoundrel.;Vladimir Lenin;politics
War has rules, mud wrestling has rules - politics has no rules.;Ross Perot;politics
Only very intelligent people don't wish they were in politics, and I'm dumb enough to want to be in there.;Orson Welles;politics
Compromise makes a good umbrella, but a poor roof it is temporary expedient, often wise in party politics, almost sure to be unwise in statesmanship.;James Russell Lowell;politics
Finality is not the language of politics.;Benjamin Disraeli;politics
Real politics are the possession and distribution of power.;Benjamin Disraeli;politics
Politics is a science. You can demonstrate that you are right and that others are wrong.;Jean-Paul Sartre;politics
In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships.;Alexis de Tocqueville;politics
Politics begin where the masses are, not where there are thousands, but where there are millions, that is where serious politics begin.;Vladimir Lenin;politics
There is no gambling like politics.;Benjamin Disraeli;politics
King Louis Philippe once said to me that he attributed the great success of the British nation in political life to their talking politics after dinner.;Benjamin Disraeli;politics
The practice of politics in the East may be defined by one word: dissimulation.;Benjamin Disraeli;politics
To rely upon conviction, devotion, and other excellent spiritual qualities that is not to be taken seriously in politics.;Vladimir Lenin;politics
I think one of the great problems we have in the Republican Party is that we don't encourage you to be nasty. We encourage you to be neat, obedient, loyal and faithful and all those Boy Scout words, which would be great around a campfire but are lousy in politics.;Newt Gingrich;politics
Ideology, politics and journalism, which luxuriate in failure, are impotent in the face of hope and joy.;P. J. O'Rourke;politics
Fiscal conservatism is just an easy way to express something that is a bit more difficult, which is that the size and scope of government, and really the size and scope of politics in our lives, has grown uncomfortable, unwieldy, intrusive and inefficient.;P. J. O'Rourke;politics
The world of American politics is more contentious than it has ever been in my lifetime.;Chuck Palahniuk;politics
To those who have exhausted politics, nothing remains but abstract thought.;Honore de Balzac;politics
A politics that is not sensitive to the concerns and circumstances of people's lives, a politics that does not speak to and include people, is an intellectually arrogant politics that deserves to fail.;Paul Wellstone;politics
When times are tough and people are frustrated and angry and hurting and uncertain, the politics of constant conflict may be good, but what is good politics does not necessarily work in the real world. What works in the real world is cooperation.;William J. Clinton;politics
War should be the politics of last resort. And when we go to war, we should have a purpose that our people understand and support.;Colin Powell;politics
You begin saving the world by saving one man at a time all else is grandiose romanticism or politics.;Charles Bukowski;politics
When we are sick, we want an uncommon doctor when we have a construction job to do, we want an uncommon engineer, and when we are at war, we want an uncommon general. It is only when we get into politics that we are satisfied with the common man.;Herbert Hoover;politics
Forget sex or politics or religion, loneliness is the subject that clears out a room.;Doug Coupland;politics
By 2000, politics will simply fade away. We will not see any political parties.;R. Buckminster Fuller;politics
Politics is the diversion of trivial men who, when they succeed at it, become important in the eyes of more trivial men.;George Jean Nathan;politics
Politics are for foreigners with their endless wrongs and paltry rights. Politics are a lousy way to get things done. Politics are, like God's infinite mercy, a last resort.;P. J. O'Rourke;politics
Politics is not bean bags. It's serious, tough stuff.;Colin Powell;politics
You can't be in politics unless you can walk in a room and know in a minute who's for you and who's against you.;Samuel Johnson;politics
Just because you do not take an interest in politics doesn't mean politics won't take an interest in you.;Pericles;politics
First, I think more Americans need to declare their independence from partisan politics on both sides. The more that Americans declare their independence, the more the parties will have to compete for their votes using reason rather than the hateful appeals.;John Avlon;politics
University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.;Henry A. Kissinger;politics
Nothing is so admirable in politics as a short memory.;John Kenneth Galbraith;politics
If you're sick and tired of the politics of cynicism and polls and principles, come and join this campaign.;George W. Bush;politics
I guess you'd call me an independent, since I've never identified myself with one party or another in politics. I always decide my vote by taking as careful a look as I can at the actual candidates and issues themselves, no matter what the party label.;Jackie Robinson;politics
I have no consistency, except in politics and that probably arises from my indifference to the subject altogether.;Lord Byron;politics
From politics, it was an easy step to silence.;Jane Austen;politics
I have come to the conclusion that politics are too serious a matter to be left to the politicians.;Charles de Gaulle;politics
As a black woman, my politics and political affiliation are bound up with and flow from participation in my people's struggle for liberation, and with the fight of oppressed people all over the world against American imperialism.;Angela Davis;politics
We've switched from a culture that was interested in manufacturing, economics, politics - trying to play a serious part in the world - to a culture that's really entertainment-based.;Stephen King;politics
The sad duty of politics is to establish justice in a sinful world.;Reinhold Niebuhr;politics
Politics isn't about big money or power games it's about the improvement of people's lives.;Paul Wellstone;politics
There is no sea more dangerous than the ocean of practical politics none in which there is more need of good pilotage and of a single, unfaltering purpose when the waves rise high.;Thomas Huxley;politics
I think politicians get hamstrung by the nature of politics when the private sector can really do great things.;Henry Rollins;politics
Politics is not the art of the possible. It consists in choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.;John Kenneth Galbraith;politics
There are times in politics when you must be on the right side and lose.;John Kenneth Galbraith;politics
In politics, strangely enough, the best way to play your cards is to lay them face upwards on the table.;H. G. Wells;politics
Politics in a literary work, is like a gun shot in the middle of a concert, something vulgar, and however, something which is impossible to ignore.;Stendhal;politics
A lot of women these days, a lot of young women don't want to call themselves feminists. You have this cheap, hideous 'girl power' sort of fad, which I think is pretty benign at best, but at worst, I think it's a way of taking the politics out of feminism and making it some kind of fashion.;Ani DiFranco;politics
Politics, as the word is commonly understood, are nothing but corruptions.;Jonathan Swift;politics
Politics would be a helluva good business if it weren't for the goddamned people.;Richard M. Nixon;politics
Politics are not the task of a Christian.;Dietrich Bonhoeffer;politics
The advantage of the internet is that it has taken away the charade of politics. China has heard of democracy and people know about certain concepts they wouldn't have previously.;Marilyn Manson;politics
I played by the rules of politics as I found them.;Richard M. Nixon;politics
In Pakistan politics is hereditary.;Imran Khan;politics
There are no true friends in politics. We are all sharks circling, and waiting, for traces of blood to appear in the water.;Alan Clark;politics
It's like being at the kids' table at Thanksgiving - you can put your elbows on it, you don't have to talk politics... no matter how old I get, there's always a part of me that's sitting there.;John Hughes;politics
I reject the cynical view that politics is a dirty business.;Richard M. Nixon;politics
What we won when all of our people united must not be lost in suspicion and distrust and selfishness and politics. Accordingly, I shall not seek, and I will not accept, the nomination of my party for another term as president.;Lyndon B. Johnson;politics
One lesson you better learn if you want to be in politics is that you never go out on a golf course and beat the President.;Lyndon B. Johnson;politics
In religion as in politics it so happens that we have less charity for those who believe half our creed, than for those who deny the whole of it.;Charles Caleb Colton;politics
Politics I conceive to be nothing more than the science of the ordered progress of society along the lines of greatest usefulness and convenience to itself.;Woodrow Wilson;politics
Finishing second in the Olympics gets you silver. Finishing second in politics gets you oblivion.;Richard M. Nixon;politics
I seldom think of politics more than eighteen hours a day.;Lyndon B. Johnson;politics
It's really very simple, Governor. When people are hungry they die. So spare me your politics and tell me what you need and how you're going to get it to these people.;Bob Geldof;politics
I think that people are tired. They're tired of the same old kind of politics. People want a new tone to politics.;Michelle Obama;politics
First rule of politics: you can't win unless you're on the ballot. Second rule: If you run, you may lose. And, if you tie, you do not win.;Donald Rumsfeld;politics
Politics is human beings it's addition rather than subtraction.;Donald Rumsfeld;politics
In politics, every day is filled with numerous opportunities for serious error. Enjoy it.;Donald Rumsfeld;politics
Politics is too partisan, and sometimes patriotism is cast aside. Patriotism is honor and love of your country and your brothers and sisters. With politics I get the impression that it's all about what's good for the party and not necessarily what's good for the country.;Ricardo Montalban;politics
I don't think consensus-building politics is what I'm meant to be doing.;Christopher Hitchens;politics
The advice I've been giving to people all my life - that you may not be interested in the dialectic but the dialectic is interested in you you can't give up politics, it won't give you up - was the advice I should have been taking myself.;Christopher Hitchens;politics
The term 'the American Left' is as near to being meaningless or nonsensical as any term could really be in politics. It isn't really a force in politics anymore. And it would do well to ask itself why that is.;Christopher Hitchens;politics
War is the ultimate tool of politics.;R. Buckminster Fuller;politics
I've always said that an art critic can put aside politics around art.;Jerry Saltz;politics
Politics is the art of preventing people from busying themselves with what is their own business.;Paul Valery;politics
I hate politics. It's slimy. Any job where people pander for votes, I don't like. The country has gotten so partisan that if you're not on my side, you're the enemy. The only thing I ever try to support is a third party, like Unity08. We need more parties and more choice.;Mark Cuban;politics
We need leadership. We don't need a doubling down on the failed politics of the past.;Paul Ryan;politics
To my great disappointment, it appears that the politics of division are making a big comeback. Many Americans share my disappointment - especially those who were filled with great hope a few years ago, when then-Senator Obama announced his candidacy in Springfield, Illinois.;Paul Ryan;politics
Where there is politics or economics, there is no morality.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;politics
I tend to avoid televisions, politics, and places with velvet ropes.;Demetri Martin;politics
A promising young man should go into politics so that he can go on promising for the rest of his life.;Robert Byrne;politics
A wise nation should cultivate a political spirit that allows opponents to cooperate without fearing an automatic execution from their core supporters. Who knew that the real rogues in American politics would be the ones who dare to get along?;Jon Meacham;politics
It is easier for women to succeed in business, the arts, and politics in America than in Europe.;Hedy Lamarr;politics
The new freedom of expression brought by the Internet goes far beyond politics. People relate to each other in new ways, posing questions about how we should respond to people when all that we know about them is what we have learned through a medium that permits all kinds of anonymity and deception.;Peter Singer;politics
And yet, there are still people in American politics who, for some reason, cling to this belief that America is better off adopting the economic policies of nations whose people who immigrate here from there.;Marco Rubio;politics
In politics, merit is rewarded by the possessor being raised, like a target, to a position to be fired at.;Christian Nestell Bovee;politics
My dream of politics all my life has been that it is the common business, that it is something we owe to each other to understand and discuss with absolute frankness.;Woodrow Wilson;politics
The 'democracy gap' in our politics and elections spells a deep sense of powerlessness by people who drop out, do not vote, or listlessly vote for the 'least worst' every four years and then wonder why after every cycle the 'least worst' gets worse.;Ralph Nader;politics
They said it was impossible to touch the third rail of politics, to take on public-sector unions and to reform a pension and health benefits system that was headed to bankruptcy. But with bipartisan leadership, we saved taxpayers $132 billion dollars over 30 years and saved retirees their pensions. We did it.;Chris Christie;politics
