Your attitude is like a box of crayons that color your world. Constantly color your picture gray, and your picture will always be bleak. Try adding some bright colors to the picture by including humor, and your picture begins to lighten up.;Allen Klein;humor
You are not angry with people when you laugh at them. Humor teaches tolerance.;W. Somerset Maugham;humor
A lot of my humor does come from anger. It's like, you're not gonna pull one over on me - which is pretty much my motto anyways.;Courteney Cox;humor
A sense of humor is great - it goes a long, long way in a marriage.;Chris Rock;humor
I don't think it's possible to have a sense of tragedy without having a sense of humor.;Christopher Hitchens;humor
I realize that humor isn't for everyone. It's only for people who want to have fun, enjoy life, and feel alive.;Anne Wilson Schaef;humor
Men are happy to be laughed at for their humor, but not for their folly.;Jonathan Swift;humor
I am often the brunt of my own humor.;Charles R. Swindoll;humor
Cynicism is humor in ill health.;H. G. Wells;humor
In prehistoric times, mankind often had only two choices in crisis situations: fight or flee. In modern times, humor offers us a third alternative fight, flee - or laugh.;Robert Orben;humor
And I loved Fats Waller. I love his instrumental abilities, his vocal abilities and his sense of humor.;Paul McCartney;humor
It is quite true, as some poets said, that the God who created man must have had a sinister sense of humor, creating him a reasonable being, yet forcing him to take this ridiculous posture, and driving him with blind craving for this ridiculous performance.;David Herbert Lawrence;humor
I like a man who can be a real friend, has a good sense of humor, a good pair of shoes and a healthy gold card.;Victoria Beckham;humor
OK, in all seriousness, I would say I couldn't be in a relationship without equality, generosity, integrity, spirit, kindness and humor. And awesomeness.;Jennifer Aniston;humor
Total absence of humor renders life impossible.;Sidonie Gabrielle Colette;humor
Confidence is at the root of so many attractive qualities, a sense of humor, a sense of style, a willingness to be who you are no matter what anyone else might think or say and it's true, I do have a certain fondness for women that have dark hair.;Wentworth Miller;humor
Sometimes the only way to deal with horrific things in life is through a dark sense of humor.;Margaret Cho;humor
Our subconscious minds have no sense of humor, play no jokes and cannot tell the difference between reality and an imagined thought or image. What we continually think about eventually will manifest in our lives.;Robert Collier;humor
Whatever else an American believes or disbelieves about himself, he is absolutely sure he has a sense of humor.;E. B. White;humor
If you can get humor and seriousness at the same time, you've created a special little thing, and that's what I'm looking for, because if you get pompous, you lose everything.;Paul Simon;humor
A sense of humor is good for you. Have you ever heard of a laughing hyena with heart burn?;Bob Hope;humor
Absurdity is what I like most in life, and there's humor in struggling in ignorance. If you saw a man repeatedly running into a wall until he was a bloody pulp, after a while it would make you laugh because it becomes absurd.;David Lynch;humor
There are different kinds of humor, some is sarcastic, some introspective. Introspective fit my personality better.;Rita Rudner;humor
In my opinion, I think sarcasm and humor in a song, without turning it into a novelty song, is really charming.;Alanis Morissette;humor
Down the road, I'll probably have a kid or two or three. And there will probably be political events or spiritual things to comment on, and humor.;Alanis Morissette;humor
It doesn't take many people to have a bad sense of humor to get in trouble at a corporation.;Scott Adams;humor
I remember when humor was gentle pokes. I used to call it 'arm around the shoulder' humor. Now they go for the jugular and they take no prisoners. It's mean, mean stuff.;Robert Orben;humor
Humor starts like a wildfire, but then continues on, smoldering, smoldering for years.;Robert Orben;humor
Keep your sense of humor, my friend if you don't have a sense of humor it just isn't funny anymore.;Wavy Gravy;humor
Humor comes from self-confidence.;Rita Mae Brown;humor
Humor is always based on a modicum of truth. Have you ever heard a joke about a father-in-law?;Dick Clark;humor
Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies. If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, that's beautiful.;Rashida Jones;humor
I think people appreciate a songwriter who shows different sides. The whole angst thing is cool, but if that's all you've got, it's just boring. Everything I write, whether it's happy or sad, has a sense of humor to it.;Katy Perry;humor
Wit is a weapon. Jokes are a masculine way of inflicting superiority. But humor is the pursuit of a gentle grin, usually in solitude.;Frank Muir;humor
The first ingredient in conversation is truth, the next good sense, the third good humor, and the fourth wit.;William Temple;humor
And I would be the first to admit that probably, in a lot of press conferences over the time that I have been in coaching, indulging my own sense of humor at press conferences has not been greatly to my benefit.;Bobby Knight;humor
An emotional man may possess no humor, but a humorous man usually has deep pockets of emotion, sometimes tucked away or forgotten.;Constance Rourke;humor
No mind is thoroughly well organized that is deficient in a sense of humor.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;humor
In some sort of crude sense, which no vulgarity, no humor, no overstatement can quite extinguish, the physicists have known sin and this is a knowledge which they cannot lose.;J. Robert Oppenheimer;humor
You have to have a sense of humor about life to get through it.;Kesha;humor
Humor is an affirmation of dignity, a declaration of man's superiority to all that befalls him.;Romain Gary;humor
Using no control and using humor will build a relationship and make a dent to where the client puts the counselor in their quality world and then begins to relate and seek out the counselor. Effective therapy begins with the acceptance of the therapist into the client's quality world.;William Glasser;humor
Humor is not a mood but a way of looking at the world. So if it is correct to say that humor was stamped out in Nazi Germany, that does not mean that people were not in good spirits, or anything of that sort, but something much deeper and more important.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;humor
It's continuously humbling to work hard, you know? As long as you've got a good work ethic and a sense of humor, I don't think anybody can become too much of an egoist under those circumstances.;Rachael Ray;humor
Bad humor is an evasion of reality good humor is an acceptance of it.;Malcolm Muggeridge;humor
I always thought the biggest failing of Americans was their lack of irony. They are very serious there! Naturally, there are exceptions... the Jewish, Italian, and Irish humor of the East Coast.;Colin Firth;humor
Have a sense of humor about life - you will need it. And be courteous.;Peter Jennings;humor
If I didn't try to eavesdrop on every bus ride I take or look for the humor when I go for a walk, I would just be depressed all the time.;Lynda Barry;humor
Poor David Hume is dying fast, but with more real cheerfulness and good humor and with more real resignation to the necessary course of things, than any whining Christian ever dyed with pretended resignation to the will of God.;Adam Smith;humor
The nation that complacently and fearfully allows its artists and writers to become suspected rather than respected is no longer regarded as a nation possessed with humor or depth.;James Thurber;humor
I've got a great sense of humor.;Anthony Hopkins;humor
We can't understand when we're pregnant, or when our siblings are expecting, how profound it is to have a shared history with a younger generation: blood, genes, humor. It means we were actually here, on Earth, for a time - like the Egyptians with their pyramids, only with children.;Anne Lamott;humor
People of humor are always in some degree people of genius.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;humor
It's easier to sit there and say you don't like feminists because they don't have a sense of humor.;Joan Jett;humor
I've met a lot of people who've lost their jobs and they still have a sense of humor.;Louis C. K.;humor
I don't understand how somebody wouldn't have a sense of humor about themselves.;John Malkovich;humor
There is also this benefit in brag, that the speaker is unconsciously expressing his own ideal. Humor him by all means, draw it all out, and hold him to it.;Miguel de Cervantes;humor
A little perspective, like a little humor, goes a long way.;Allen Klein;humor
There are certain things I learned when I first started learning about acting, to try and place the character physically and emotionally. And the way you place them emotionally is often with humor.;David Duchovny;humor
A lot of people into Tool, for some reason, are not interested in humor.;Maynard James Keenan;humor
I'm just very amused by five-year-old humor.;Kesha;humor
If the blood humor is too strong and robust, calm it with balance and harmony.;Xun Zi;humor
What we're doing is fun - if you have any sense of humor at all!;Calvin Klein;humor
As far as humor goes, I've always been a very insecure person and I've always wanted to be liked.;Peter Steele;humor
It's good to be able to laugh at yourself and the problems you face in life. Sense of humor can save you.;Margaret Cho;humor
Married people should not be quick to hear what is said by either when in ill humor.;Samuel Richardson;humor
From sixteen to twenty, all women, kept in humor by their hopes and by their attractions, appear to be good-natured.;Samuel Richardson;humor
My father could be very witty, even if the humor was always on the darker side of irony.;Maurice Sendak;humor
I suppose I miss the British cynicism and the humor.;Rod Stewart;humor
People who know me , they know I have a sense of humor, I'm a bit of a joker, a bit of a clown really, and I would love someone to exploit that side of me and send me a romantic comedy.;Gary Oldman;humor
Congratulations, you have a sense of humor. And to those who didn't: Go stick your head in the mud.;Jesse Ventura;humor
It's your outlook on life that counts. If you take yourself lightly and don't take yourself too seriously, pretty soon you can find the humor in our everyday lives. And sometimes it can be a lifesaver.;Betty White;humor
The total absence of humor from the Bible is one of the most singular things in all literature.;Alfred North Whitehead;humor
If this humor be the safety of our race, then it is due largely to the infusion into the American people of the Irish brain.;William Howard Taft;humor
You find out in life that people really like you funny. So what do you give 'em? Humor. And then if you show them the other side, they don't like you as much. I find, too, that I can hide behind the idiot's mask being funny, and you never see the sorrow or the pain.;Terry Bradshaw;humor
It has always surprised me how little attention philosophers have paid to humor, since it is a more significant process of mind than reason. Reason can only sort out perceptions, but the humor process is involved in changing them.;Edward de Bono;humor
Feature-length film comedy is harder to pull off than the episodic sitcom - it doesn't have the same factory machinery up and running, teams of writers putting familiar characters through permutations - but that doesn't explain the widening quality gap that makes movie humor look like a genetic defective.;James Wolcott;humor
When you say a friend has a sense of humor do you mean that he makes you laugh, or that he can make you laugh?;Max Frisch;humor
Humor is very very risky, particularly for a candidate, unless he's been in so long that it just doesn't matter, and he's not running for president. But it's just that people are so sensitive and so touchy, and you're just going to upset somebody without ever realizing it.;Mark Russell;humor
The reason why you know more funny dudes than funny chicks is that dudes are funnier than chicks. If my daughter has a mediocre sense of humor, I'm just gonna tell her, 'Be a staff writer for a sitcom. Because they'll have to hire you, they can't really fire you, and you don't have to produce that much. It'll be awesome.';Adam Carolla;humor
You may not be able to change a situation, but with humor you can change your attitude about it.;Allen Klein;humor
My life is part humor, part roses, part thorns.;Bret Michaels;humor
Newspaper people, once celebrated as founts of ribald humor and uncouth fun, have of late lost all their gaiety, and small wonder.;Russell Baker;humor
I like to deal with EVERY aspect of our condition, and that means terror and humor in equal mix. Some books have more room for humor than others.;Dean Koontz;humor
Our records, if you have a dark sense of humor, were funny, but our records weren't about comedy. They were about protests, fantasy, confrontation and all that.;Ice Cube;humor
I think God gave us senses of humor, and we should use them.;Vera Farmiga;humor
A lot of stars don't have a sense of humor.;Kathy Griffin;humor
You've got to have a sense of humor to keep your sanity.;Lance Bass;humor
Writing a novel is one of those modern rites of passage, I think, that lead us from an innocent world of contentment, drunkenness, and good humor, to a state of chronic edginess and the perpetual scanning of bank statements.;J. G. Ballard;humor
I could not tread these perilous paths in safety, if I did not keep a saving sense of humor.;Horatio Nelson;humor
Well, darkness with humor... I'm not an extremely suicidal or sad person.;Peter Steele;humor
I have this horrible sense of humor where I think discomfort is funny - partly because I experience discomfort a lot, and it's a way of laughing at it and getting a release.;Joaquin Phoenix;humor
Well, I mean, if a joke or humor is bawdy, it's got to be funny enough to warrant it. You can't just have it bawdy or dirty just for the sake of being that - it's got to be funny.;Betty White;humor
I like bawdy humor. I love bawdy humor, but not dirty humor.;Betty White;humor
It is characteristic of all deep human problems that they are not to be approached without some humor and some bewilderment.;Freeman Dyson;humor
I love the diversity of America. I love the plain, normal sense of humor Americans have. It is not wicked, like in some countries. And I also love how new America is.;Antonio Banderas;humor
If one tends to be a humorous person and you have a sense of humor the rest of your life then you can certainly lighten the load, I think, by bringing that to your trials and tribulations. It's easy to have a sense of humor when everything is going well.;Alan Thicke;humor
Humor is such a wonderful thing, helping you realize what a fool you are but how beautiful that is at the same time.;Lynda Barry;humor
Every time I do a movie like 'Finding Neverland' or 'Chocolat' or 'Shakespeare' in Love,' we deal with the creative process, but there's humor and fun along the way. I always love that kind of movie.;Harvey Weinstein;humor
