The wicked leader is he who the people despise. The good leader is he who the people revere. The great leader is he who the people say, 'We did it ourselves.';Lao Tzu;good
It is not enough to have a good mind the main thing is to use it well.;Rene Descartes;good
A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be.;Wayne Gretzky;good
Therefore, the good of man must be the end of the science of politics.;Aristotle;good
Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go its pretty damn good.;Woody Allen;good
Little League baseball is a very good thing because it keeps the parents off the streets.;Yogi Berra;good
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them.;Steve Jobs;good
The only thing that could spoil a day was people. People were always the limiters of happiness except for the very few that were as good as spring itself.;Ernest Hemingway;good
We are persuaded that good Christians will always be good citizens, and that where righteousness prevails among individuals the Nation will be great and happy. Thus while just government protects all in their religious rights, true religion affords to government it's surest support.;George Washington;good
The best preparation for good work tomorrow is to do good work today.;Elbert Hubbard;good
The state comes into existence for the sake of life and continues to exist for the sake of good life.;Aristotle;good
It's true, Christmas can feel like a lot of work, particularly for mothers. But when you look back on all the Christmases in your life, you'll find you've created family traditions and lasting memories. Those memories, good and bad, are really what help to keep a family together over the long haul.;Caroline Kennedy;good
I do not know what the spirit of a philosopher could more wish to be than a good dancer. For the dance is his ideal, also his fine art, finally also the only kind of piety he knows, his 'divine service.';Friedrich Nietzsche;good
A good leader can engage in a debate frankly and thoroughly, knowing that at the end he and the other side must be closer, and thus emerge stronger. You don't have that idea when you are arrogant, superficial, and uninformed.;Nelson Mandela;good
If you're not willing to work hard, let someone else do it. I'd rather be with someone who does a horrible job, but gives 110% than with someone who does a good job and gives 60%.;Will Smith;good
What good is it being Marilyn Monroe? Why can't I just be an ordinary woman?;Marilyn Monroe;good
Fame is like caviar, you know - it's good to have caviar but not when you have it at every meal.;Marilyn Monroe;good
What good am I? I can't have kids. I can't cook. I've been divorced three times. Who would want me?;Marilyn Monroe;good
I think one of the basic reasons men make good friends is that they can make up their minds quickly.;Marilyn Monroe;good
What's the good of drawing in the next breath if all you do is let it out and draw in another?;Marilyn Monroe;good
Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship.;Marilyn Monroe;good
I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.;Marilyn Monroe;good
An actor is supposed to be a sensitive instrument. Isaac Stern takes good care of his violin. What if everybody jumped on his violin?;Marilyn Monroe;good
I don't know if high society is different in other cities, but in Hollywood, important people can't stand to be invited someplace that isn't full of other important people. They don't mind a few unfamous people being present because they make good listeners.;Marilyn Monroe;good
Good humor is a tonic for mind and body. It is the best antidote for anxiety and depression. It is a business asset. It attracts and keeps friends. It lightens human burdens. It is the direct route to serenity and contentment.;Grenville Kleiser;good
Many a man fails as an original thinker simply because his memory it too good.;Friedrich Nietzsche;good
If you're married, and you have a wife, and you really love your wife, is it good enough to only say to your wife 'I love her' the day you get married? Or should you tell her every single day when you wake up and every opportunity? And that's how I feel about my relationship with Jesus Christ is that it is the most important thing in my life.;Tim Tebow;good
It is good to express a thing twice right at the outset and so to give it a right foot and also a left one. Truth can surely stand on one leg, but with two it will be able to walk and get around.;Friedrich Nietzsche;good
Whoever does not have a good father should procure one.;Friedrich Nietzsche;good
I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.;Walt Whitman;good
As for doing good that is one of the professions which is full. Moreover I have tried it fairly and, strange as it may seem, am satisfied that it does not agree with my constitution.;Henry David Thoreau;good
Whatever is done for love always occurs beyond good and evil.;Friedrich Nietzsche;good
Honesty and integrity are absolutely essential for success in life - all areas of life. The really good news is that anyone can develop both honesty and integrity.;Zig Ziglar;good
Manners are a sensitive awareness of the feelings of others. If you have that awareness, you have good manners, no matter what fork you use.;Emily Post;good
Drawing is the honesty of the art. There is no possibility of cheating. It is either good or bad.;Salvador Dali;good
The evil that is in the world almost always comes of ignorance, and good intentions may do as much harm as malevolence if they lack understanding.;Albert Camus;good
A good compromise, a good piece of legislation, is like a good sentence or a good piece of music. Everybody can recognize it. They say, 'Huh. It works. It makes sense.';Barack Obama;good
There is in general good reason to suppose that in several respects the gods could all benefit from instruction by us human beings. We humans are - more humane.;Friedrich Nietzsche;good
A tree is known by its fruit a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.;Saint Basil;good
There is no lonelier man in death, except the suicide, than that man who has lived many years with a good wife and then outlived her. If two people love each other there can be no happy end to it.;Ernest Hemingway;good
The bad gains respect through imitation, the good loses it especially in art.;Friedrich Nietzsche;good
You say it is the good cause that hallows even war? I say unto you: it is the good war that hallows any cause.;Friedrich Nietzsche;good
A return to first principles in a republic is sometimes caused by the simple virtues of one man. His good example has such an influence that the good men strive to imitate him, and the wicked are ashamed to lead a life so contrary to his example.;Niccolo Machiavelli;good
Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig.;Marcus Aurelius;good
Ideas can be life-changing. Sometimes all you need to open the door is just one more good idea.;Jim Rohn;good
Any man may easily do harm, but not every man can do good to another.;Plato;good
What is good? All that heightens the feeling of power, the will to power, power itself in man.;Friedrich Nietzsche;good
Here's the good news. If I realize that I'm insane, then I'm okay with it. I'm not dangerous insane.;Charlie Sheen;good
I don't think of myself as a poor deprived ghetto girl who made good. I think of myself as somebody who from an early age knew I was responsible for myself, and I had to make good.;Oprah Winfrey;good
Honestly, I'd love to be remembered as one of the best to ever pick up a mic, but if I'm doing my part to lessen some racial tension I feel good about what I'm doing.;Eminem;good
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me.;Kurt Cobain;good
A man of great common sense and good taste - meaning thereby a man without originality or moral courage.;George Bernard Shaw;good
The best executive is one who has sense enough to pick good people to do what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with them while they do it.;Theodore Roosevelt;good
It feels good to have your work respected again.;Eminem;good
The way to gain a good reputation is to endeavor to be what you desire to appear.;Socrates;good
Fun is good.;Dr. Seuss;good
Too much of a good thing can be wonderful.;Mae West;good
Apply yourself both now and in the next life. Without effort, you cannot be prosperous. Though the land be good, You cannot have an abundant crop without cultivation.;Plato;good
When I'm good I'm very, very good, but when I'm bad, I'm better.;Mae West;good
I've always taught that a poor economy is the best opportunity for salespeople because the naysayers and grumblers have already given up, leaving more territory, more opportunities to be successful than in a good economy when virtually all salespeople are out there, giving it their best.;Zig Ziglar;good
A free press can, of course, be good or bad, but, most certainly without freedom, the press will never be anything but bad.;Albert Camus;good
Dusting is a good example of the futility of trying to put things right. As soon as you dust, the fact of your next dusting has already been established.;George Carlin;good
You know the good part about all those executions in Texas? Fewer Texans.;George Carlin;good
Good artists copy, great artists steal.;Pablo Picasso;good
A retentive memory may be a good thing, but the ability to forget is the true token of greatness.;Elbert Hubbard;good
If I knew for a certainty that a man was coming to my house with the conscious design of doing me good, I should run for my life.;Henry David Thoreau;good
I would like to be remembered as a man who had a wonderful time living life, a man who had good friends, fine family - and I don't think I could ask for anything more than that, actually.;Frank Sinatra;good
I have no desire to take all black people back to Africa there are blacks who are no good here and will likewise be no good there.;Marcus Garvey;good
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.;Marcus Aurelius;good
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!;Anne Frank;good
I only wish that ordinary people had an unlimited capacity for doing harm then they might have an unlimited power for doing good.;Socrates;good
I like refried beans. That's why I wanna try fried beans, because maybe they're just as good and we're just wasting time. You don't have to fry them again after all.;Mitch Hedberg;good
Instead of giving money to found colleges to promote learning, why don't they pass a constitutional amendment prohibiting anybody from learning anything? If it works as good as the Prohibition one did, why, in five years we would have the smartest race of people on earth.;Will Rogers;good
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.;Thomas A. Edison;good
The first requisite of a good citizen in this republic of ours is that he shall be able and willing to pull his own weight.;Theodore Roosevelt;good
Good nature is worth more than knowledge, more than money, more than honor, to the persons who possess it.;Henry Ward Beecher;good
I have seen how the foundations of the world are laid, and I have not the least doubt that it will stand a good while.;Henry David Thoreau;good
There is more of good nature than of good sense at the bottom of most marriages.;Henry David Thoreau;good
I am confident that, in the end, common sense and justice will prevail. I'm an optimist, brought up on the belief that if you wait to the end of the story, you get to see the good people live happily ever after.;Cat Stevens;good
People who have good relationships at home are more effective in the marketplace.;Zig Ziglar;good
I look back on my life like a good day's work, it was done and I am satisfied with it.;Grandma Moses;good
In modern war... you will die like a dog for no good reason.;Ernest Hemingway;good
No evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death.;Plato;good
A perpetual holiday is a good working definition of hell.;George Bernard Shaw;good
Depend upon yourself. Make your judgement trustworthy by trusting it. You can develop good judgement as you do the muscles of your body - by judicious, daily exercise. To be known as a man of sound judgement will be much in your favor.;Grantland Rice;good
One of the sanest, surest, and most generous joys of life comes from being happy over the good fortune of others.;Robert A. Heinlein;good
My friends and family are my support system. They tell me what I need to hear, not what I want to hear and they are there for me in the good and bad times. Without them I have no idea where I would be and I know that their love for me is what's keeping my head above the water.;Kelly Clarkson;good
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.;Andy Warhol;good
Marriage is good enough for the lower classes: they have facilities for desertion that are denied to us.;George Bernard Shaw;good
Experience taught me a few things. One is to listen to your gut, no matter how good something sounds on paper. The second is that you're generally better off sticking with what you know. And the third is that sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.;Donald Trump;good
Everyone has highs and lows that they have to learn from, but every morning I start off with a good head on my shoulders, saying to myself, 'It's going to be a good day!'.;Lindsay Lohan;good
He's a man of great common sense and good taste - meaning thereby a man without originality or moral courage.;George Bernard Shaw;good
Judgements prevent us from seeing the good that lies beyond appearances.;Wayne Dyer;good
Do your little bit of good where you are its those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.;Desmond Tutu;good
I wish they'd had electric guitars in cotton fields back in the good old days. A whole lot of things would've been straightened out.;Jimi Hendrix;good
It's easier to replace a dead man than a good picture.;George Bernard Shaw;good
I think when you spread the wealth around it's good for everybody.;Barack Obama;good
A hard man is good to find.;Mae West;good
Every day is a good day to be alive, whether the sun's shining or not.;Marty Robbins;good
