Women are, in my view, natural peacemakers. As givers and nurturers of life, through their focus on human relationships and their engagement with the demanding work of raising children and protecting family life, they develop a deep sense of empathy that cuts through to underlying human realities.;Daisaku Ikeda;work
The days you work are the best days.;Georgia O'Keeffe;work
You can work really hard, but if you're not training in the right way you're not going to improve and get to the level that you want to.;Michael Chang;work
If a man cannot do brain work without stimulants of any kind, he had better turn to hand work it is an indication on Nature's part that she did not mean him to be a head worker.;Thomas Huxley;work
I don't want to die as long as I can work the minute I can not, I want to go.;Susan B. Anthony;work
I was a senior in high school when I decided I wanted to work on ants as a career. I just fell in love with them, and have never regretted it.;E. O. Wilson;work
In my heart, I'm an Alabaman who went up north to work.;E. O. Wilson;work
It's not about how much movement you do, how much interaction there is, it just reeks of credibility if it's real. If it's contrived, it seems to work for a while for the people who can't filter out the real and unreal.;Fred Durst;work
When I work, I work very hard. So I look to work with people who have that level of dedication. And I depend on that from everyone. From the director to my crews that I work with.;Tom Cruise;work
The work on ants has profoundly affected the way I think about humans.;E. O. Wilson;work
I can deal with people who watch me on stage but I am not good in communicating with people any other way than through my work.;Henry Rollins;work
You don't have to twist my arm to work.;Henry Rollins;work
Oh, if I could but live another century and see the fruition of all the work for women! There is so much yet to be done.;Susan B. Anthony;work
Emotion resulting from a work of art is only of value when it is not obtained by sentimental blackmail.;Jean Cocteau;work
Change is such hard work.;Billy Crystal;work
Find something in life that you love doing. If you make a lot of money, that's a bonus, and if you don't, you still won't hate going to work.;Jeff Foxworthy;work
The leader who exercises power with honor will work from the inside out, starting with himself.;Blaine Lee;work
We travel together, passengers on a little spaceship, dependent on it's vulnerable reserves of air and soil, all committed, for our safety, to it's security and peace. Preserved from annihilation only by the care, the work and the love we give our fragile craft.;Adlai E. Stevenson;work
The difference between people who believe they have books inside of them and those who actually write books is sheer cussed persistence - the ability to make yourself work at your craft, every day - the belief, even in the face of obstacles, that you've got something worth saying.;Jennifer Weiner;work
I think like any marriage, especially when you've had divorced parents like myself you want to try even harder to make it work.;Princess Diana;work
Let us realize that: the privilege to work is a gift, the power to work is a blessing, the love of work is success!;David O. McKay;work
See, winners embrace hard work.;Lou Holtz;work
I'm far from being god, but I work god damn hard.;Jay-Z;work
I'm very happy. I like my work and the various aspects of it - going around the world, teaching the gospel according to St. Albert.;Albert Ellis;work
If I go on a diet and work out, I'm always in a bad mood. I'd rather be a little heavier but nice.;Salma Hayek;work
When your hobbies get in the way of your work - that's OK but when your hobbies get in the way of themselves... well.;Steve Martin;work
If you watch a game, it's fun. If you play it, it's recreation. If you work at it, it's golf.;Bob Hope;work
I guess we all like to be recognized not for one piece of fireworks, but for the ledger of our daily work.;Neil Armstrong;work
You only live once - but if you work it right, once is enough.;Joe E. Lewis;work
The beginning of a friendship, the fact that two people out of the thousands around them can meet and connect and become friends, seems like a kind of magic to me. But maintaining a friendship requires work. I don't mean that as a bad thing. Good art requires work as well.;Charles de Lint;work
My work is like my vacation, so in a way every day is like Saturday.;Ludacris;work
Work and struggle and never accept an evil that you can change.;Andre Gide;work
My work is about my life, and what I want to do with it.;Alice Walker;work
Nature is at work. Character and destiny are her handiwork. She gives us love and hate, jealousy and reverence. All that is ours is the power to choose which impulse we shall follow.;David Seabury;work
In my work and in myself I reflect black people, women and men, as I reflect others. One day even the most self-protective ones will look into the mirror I provide and not be afraid.;Alice Walker;work
I think life is full of challenges and problems. I don't believe that anyone is perfect. We all make mistakes. It's not a bed of roses, and you have to work real hard at it.;Nigel Mansell;work
Wars and elections are both too big and too small to matter in the long run. The daily work - that goes on, it adds up.;Barbara Kingsolver;work
The strongest influences in my life and my work are always whomever I love. Whomever I love and am with most of the time, or whomever I remember most vividly. I think that's true of everyone, don't you?;Tennessee Williams;work
No man can call himself liberal, or radical, or even a conservative advocate of fair play, if his work depends in any way on the unpaid or underpaid labor of women at home, or in the office.;Gloria Steinem;work
God has ways of shaking the world when He is at work. He literally caused the ground to quake when Jesus died on the cross.;Charles Stanley;work
I have three daughters, so I can't be as tough as I want to be. When you have kids - especially daughters - they know how to work you. They're a lot smarter than we are, that's for sure. But I'll be more tough on their boyfriends.;Tim McGraw;work
The companies that survive longest are the one's that work out what they uniquely can give to the world not just growth or money but their excellence, their respect for others, or their ability to make people happy. Some call those things a soul.;Charles Handy;work
I never work just to work. It's some combination of laziness and self-respect.;Harold Ramis;work
I think the best place to work in football is England.;Jose Mourinho;work
I will continue to work as hard as I can to make this organization proud. Every time I step on the field I will give everything I have and I will leave everything I have on the field every single Sunday.;Tim Tebow;work
I love my work, I love the people I work with, I do the best I can.;Mandy Patinkin;work
Good management consists in showing average people how to do the work of superior people.;John D. Rockefeller;work
It's a great relationship when you can work with the person who you consider to be your soul mate.;Rick Derringer;work
The effectiveness of work increases according to geometric progression if there are no interruptions.;Andre Maurois;work
Barack Obama's enemies are the people who make this country work. Barack Obama's enemies are those who succeed. Those are the people whose income he wants to redistribute. Those are the people whose income he wants to take, using the power and the force of the federal government to do it.;Rush Limbaugh;work
A doctor must work eighteen hours a day and seven days a week. If you cannot console yourself to this, get out of the profession.;Martin H. Fischer;work
The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.;Carlos Castaneda;work
In our work and in our living, we must recognize that difference is a reason for celebration and growth, rather than a reason for destruction.;Audre Lorde;work
Everyone has a story that makes me stronger. I know that the work I do is important and I enjoy it, but it is nice to hear the feedback of what we do to inspire others.;Richard Simmons;work
One's work usually occupies more than half of one's waking life. Choosing work that does not bring happiness will lead to a life that is mostly disappointing.;Bo Bennett;work
The biggest risk I've ever taken is going on American Idol and trying to be myself. I wasn't going to try too hard to conform, and I knew that it could possibly not work out.;Adam Lambert;work
My childhood was safe and sane. No abuse and no traumas. I was surrounded by a large and loving family who taught me the importance of hard work and a meaningful education.;Ronnie James Dio;work
I obviously take a lot of pride in what I do on the football field, because that has the ability to influence a lot of people. That puts smiles on people's faces. That gives people a pep in their step on Monday morning when they go back to work.;Drew Brees;work
Be of service. Whether you make yourself available to a friend or co-worker, or you make time every month to do volunteer work, there is nothing that harvests more of a feeling of empowerment than being of service to someone in need.;Gillian Anderson;work
Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.;Earl Nightingale;work
There are no right and wrong ways to work in this business, but there are some basic common-sense practices. Work very, very hard and always be prepared never give up and once you get the job, give them more than they ever expected: - Shine!;Jimmy Smits;work
No theory is good unless it permits, not rest, but the greatest work. No theory is good except on condition that one use it to go on beyond.;Andre Gide;work
We work in the dark - we do what we can - we give what we have. Our doubt is our passion and our passion is our task. The rest is the madness of art.;Henry James;work
I don't think you can work on feelings in politics, apart from anything else, political change can come very unexpectedly, sometimes overnight when you least expect it.;Aung San Suu Kyi;work
I don't wait for moods. You accomplish nothing if you do that. Your mind must know it has got to get down to work.;Pearl S. Buck;work
The perennial conviction that those who work hard and play by the rules will be rewarded with a more comfortable present and a stronger future for their children faces assault from just about every direction. That great enemy of democratic capitalism, economic inequality, is real and growing.;Jon Meacham;work
Brains, integrity, and force may be all very well, but what you need today is Charm. Go ahead and work on your economic programs if you want to, I'll develop my radio personality.;Gracie Allen;work
But the key to our marriage is the capacity to give each other a break. And to realize that it's not how our similarities work together it's how our differences work together.;Michael J. Fox;work
Poetry is the work of poets, not of peoples or communities artistic creation can never be anything but the production of an individual mind.;Lascelles Abercrombie;work
Politics in a literary work, is like a gun shot in the middle of a concert, something vulgar, and however, something which is impossible to ignore.;Stendhal;work
All anyone asks for is a chance to work with pride.;W. Edwards Deming;work
There are moments when you feel that the desire to work is fading, and the only way to bring it back is to get away from it, to put yourself in a state of frustration so you feel the need again.;Emmanuelle Beart;work
At the end of the day, sleep is a barometer of your emotional health. And so if you're not in the right place where you need to be, then you're going to have voices keeping you up at night because you have to work through those issues.;Mehmet Oz;work
Peace is not the product of a victory or a command. It has no finishing line, no final deadline, no fixed definition of achievement. Peace is a never-ending process, the work of many decisions.;Oscar Hammerstein II;work
What is sad for women of my generation is that they weren't supposed to work if they had families. What were they going to do when the children are grown - watch the raindrops coming down the window pane?;Jackie Kennedy;work
Liberals become indignant when you question their patriotism, but simultaneously work overtime to give terrorists a cushion for the next attack and laugh at dumb Americans who love their country and hate the enemy.;Ann Coulter;work
People of genius do not excel in any profession because they work in it, they work in it because they excel.;William Hazlitt;work
For the first time we're allowing developers who don't work at Facebook to develop applications just as if they were. That's a big deal because it means that all developers have a new way of doing business if they choose to take advantage of it. There are whole companies that are forming whose only product is a Facebook Platform application.;Mark Zuckerberg;work
What I work hard at doing is staying on a path of being kind and showing and proving that I'm a good person to society. That's hard. The talent, that's a gift. I just came here like that.;Erykah Badu;work
That is why the analogy of stealing does not work. With a thief, we want to know how much money he stole, and from whom. With the artist it is not how much he took and from whom, but what he did with it.;Lukas Foss;work
I am living proof that the American dream still exists. It is still alive and well. There is only one trick, you have to be willing to roll up your sleeves and work very, very hard.;Paula Deen;work
I get bored easily, so I need to do a lot. I've started a record label, so I get to nurture new talent and talk about music, which is a passion of mine. I've written another book. And I get to come to work and do the TV show, which is always really fun.;Ellen DeGeneres;work
Hard work - I mean, does anybody use that term anymore? Laziness doesn't fly. It's all in the practice. It does take work and it ain't easy - but man, the rewards!;Susan Powter;work
The greatest weariness comes from work not done.;Eric Hoffer;work
Some of the most famous books are the least worth reading. Their fame was due to their having done something that needed to be doing in their day. The work is done and the virtue of the book has expired.;Moliere;work
Being a mother is quite tiring. There's not much time to do anything. You just rush around and it's hard work.;Kirsty Gallacher;work
And I'm going to work as hard as I can... for cancer research and hopefully, maybe, we'll have some cures and some breakthroughs. I'd like to think I'm going to fight my brains out to be back here again next year for the Arthur Ashe recipient. I want to give it next year!;Jim Valvano;work
You can't get there by bus, only by hard work and risk and by not quite knowing what you're doing. What you'll discover will be wonderful. What you'll discover will be yourself.;Alan Alda;work
What moves those of genius, what inspires their work is not new ideas, but their obsession with the idea that what has already been said is still not enough.;Eugene Delacroix;work
In reality, serendipity accounts for one percent of the blessings we receive in life, work and love. The other 99 percent is due to our efforts.;Peter McWilliams;work
If you want to fight the evil you see in finance and industry, get to work reading the corporate filings, see if there has been fraud, and where you find it, report it to the SEC or write about it or blog about it.;Ben Stein;work
Through selfless work, love of God grows in the heart. Then through his grace one realize him in course of time. God can be seen. One can talk to him as I am talking to you.;Ramakrishna;work
A lot of me is very up, and you have to have light and shade. They are both important and you have to be able to balance them. You have to admit that sadness is part of you and that it enriches you. I use it in my work.;Imelda Staunton;work
You should never have to say hello or goodbye. Even at work sometimes, and I know this is very unpopular, is that if I'm going to work every single day, I don't think you should have to hug people hello every single day when you come to work. I saw you Monday!;Mindy Kaling;work
The only history is a mere question of one's struggle inside oneself. But that is the joy of it. One need neither discover Americas nor conquer nations, and yet one has as great a work as Columbus or Alexander, to do.;David Herbert Lawrence;work
If you do what you love, you'll never work a day in your life.;Marc Anthony;work
Enjoy your sweat because hard work doesn't guarantee success, but without it you don't have a chance.;Alex Rodriguez;work
All I do, really, is go to work and try to be professional, be on time and be prepared.;Ben Affleck;work
And I have exposed myself to art so that my work has something beyond just the usual potter.;Beatrice Wood;work
We treat our people like royalty. If you honor and serve the people who work for you, they will honor and serve you.;Mary Kay Ash;work
Amidst all the clutter, beyond all the obstacles, aside from all the static, are the goals set. Put your head down, do the best job possible, let the flak pass, and work towards those goals.;Donald Rumsfeld;work
The government is not your salvation. The government is not your road to prosperity. Hard work, education will take you far beyond what any government program can ever promise.;Mia Love;work
Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts inevitably bring about right results.;James Allen;work
After all, it is hard to master both life and work equally well. So if you are bound to fake one of them, it had better be life.;Joseph Brodsky;work
Inconsiderate, rude behavior drives me nuts. And I guess the inconsiderate rudeness of social ineptitude definitely fuels my work.;Cindy Sherman;work
I believe in stopping work and eating lunch.;L'Wren Scott;work
There is but one way for a president to deal with Congress, and that is continuously, incessantly, and without interruption. If it is really going to work, the relationship has got to be almost incestuous.;Lyndon B. Johnson;work
Nobody's a natural. You work hard to get good and then work to get better. It's hard to stay on top.;Paul Coffey;work
Have thy tools ready. God will find thee work.;Charles Kingsley;work
To work without attachment is to work without the expectation of reward or fear of any punishment in this world or the next. Work so done is a means to the end, and God is the end.;Ramakrishna;work
What we really want to do is what we are really meant to do. When we do what we are meant to do, money comes to us, doors open for us, we feel useful, and the work we do feels like play to us.;Julia Cameron;work
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else.;James M. Barrie;work
It is not real work unless you would rather be doing something else.;James M. Barrie;work
Evil gains work their punishment.;Sophocles;work
I was looking for a husband, but meanwhile to survive, I had to work.;Helen Reddy;work
I know some people say it's not the best to work with your family, but I have never understood that because it's always worked so well for me.;Kim Kardashian;work
A little girl who finds a puzzle frustrating might ask her busy mother (or teacher) for help. The child gets one message if her mother expresses clear pleasure at the request and quite another if mommy responds with a curt 'Don't bother me - I've got important work to do.';Daniel Goleman;work
It's a lot easier to do good work when you have good words to say and work with good people.;Mark Harmon;work
The best plan now is to have as many bosses as possible. I call it boss diversity. If you work for a company and you have one boss and that boss doesn't like you or wants to get rid of you, you're in trouble. But if you work for yourself, you have lots of bosses, who are your customers, and if a few of them decide they don't like you, that's okay.;Scott Adams;work
The test of the artist does not lie in the will with which he goes to work, but in the excellence of the work he produces.;Thomas Aquinas;work
It is possible to demonstrate God's existence, although not a priori, yet a posteriori from some work of His more surely known to us.;Thomas Aquinas;work
I'm free of stress and worries now because if I don't like something I'm doing, I just find the fun in it instead of being miserable. Let me have fun with the people I work with, let me have fun making money - when I grew up so poor, ya know?;Jenny McCarthy;work
Pray thee, spare, thyself at times: for it becomes a wise man sometimes to relax the high pressure of his attention to work.;Thomas Aquinas;work
Now this relaxation of the mind from work consists on playful words or deeds. Therefore it becomes a wise and virtuous man to have recourse to such things at times.;Thomas Aquinas;work
I've always wanted to work with Warren Beatty.;Quentin Tarantino;work
When you're around me and really see that all I do is live and breathe for my work, it's not strange, it's just Gaga.;Lady Gaga;work
I work very hard, but when God opens that door for you - when life opens that door for you, I should say - I think it's important to be giving, to return the love back.;Lady Gaga;work
I believe we should work to end all racism in American society and staunchly defend the inherent rights of every person.;Rand Paul;work
Artists don't talk about art. Artists talk about work. If I have anything to say to young writers, it's stop thinking of writing as art. Think of it as work.;Paddy Chayefsky;work
I don't try to focus on anything that doesn't affect me personally and how I go out there every single day. I'm just going to continue to work hard and focus on what I can control.;Tim Tebow;work
Authority doesn't work without prestige, or prestige without distance.;Charles de Gaulle;work
The only time some people work like a horse is when the boss rides them.;Gabriel Heatter;work
I am a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.;Stephen Leacock;work
I felt I really wanted to back off from music completely and just work within the visual arts in some way. I started painting quite passionately at that time.;David Bowie;work
As Americans, we don't see the role of government as guaranteeing outcomes, but allowing free men and women to flourish based on their own vision, their hard work and their personal responsibility.;Rick Perry;work
Seek the lofty by reading, hearing and seeing great work at some moment every day.;Thornton Wilder;work
We've got gays working there. If they can demonstrate long-term relationships, we make same-sex benefits available just as we do with common-law marriages. Gays are productive people. Some fly airplanes, some work in breweries.;Pete Coors;work
Create like a god, command like a king, work like a slave.;Constantin Brancusi;work
To write the lives of the great in separating them from their works necessarily ends by above all stressing their pettiness, because it is in their work that they have put the best of themselves.;Simone Weil;work
The contemporary form of true greatness lies in a civilization founded on the spirituality of work.;Simone Weil;work
People who make the choice to study, work hard or do whatever they endeavor is to give it the max on themselves to reach to the top level. And you have the people who get envy and jealous, yet are not willing to put that work in, and they want to get the same praise.;Evander Holyfield;work
He who seeks rest finds boredom. He who seeks work finds rest.;Dylan Thomas;work
I love my work with a frenetic and perverse love, as an ascetic loves the hair shirt which scratches his belly.;Gustave Flaubert;work
There is no higher religion than human service. To work for the common good is the greatest creed.;Woodrow Wilson;work
I don't feel right unless I have a sport to play or at least a way to work up a sweat.;Hank Aaron;work
My work is a game, a very serious game.;M. C. Escher;work
The bottom line is, when people are crystal clear about the most important priorities of the organization and team they work with and prioritized their work around those top priorities, not only are they many times more productive, they discover they have the time they need to have a whole life.;Stephen Covey;work
You musn't force sex to do the work of love or love to do the work of sex.;Mary McCarthy;work
You can't get much done in life if you only work on the days when you feel good.;Jerry West;work
Choose a field that will supply sufficient remuneration to provide adequately for your companion and your children. I bear testimony that these criteria are very important in choosing your life's work.;Thomas S. Monson;work
Success represents the 1% of your work which results from the 99% that is called failure.;Soichiro Honda;work
If somebody says no to you, or if you get cut, Michael Jordan was cut his first year, but he came back and he was the best ever. That is what you have to have. The attitude that I'm going to show everybody, I'm going to work hard to get better and better.;Magic Johnson;work
So this is the space during tutoring hours. It's very busy. Same principles: one-on-one attention, complete devotion to the students' work and a boundless optimism and sort of a possibility of creativity and ideas.;Dave Eggers;work
The things that have always been important: to be a good man, to try to live my life the way God would have me, to turn it over to Him that His will might be worked in my life, to do my work without looking back, to give it all I've got, and to take pride in my work as an honest performer.;Johnny Cash;work
I don't have anything to say about other people's art and their work.;Dolly Parton;work
If you start to disrespect the character you're playing, or play it too much for laughs, that can work for a sketch, it will sell some gags, but it's all technique. It's like watching a juggler - you can be impressed by it, but it's not going to touch you in any way.;Steve Coogan;work
Will it, and set to work briskly.;Friedrich Schiller;work
My wife, whenever I'd go off to work and I'd be kind of anxious, she'll say, 'Remember, have fun.' Oh, I forgot, thanks for the reminder. Because sometimes we do forget. We take it all too seriously and there's a lot of joy to be had wherever you are.;Jeff Bridges;work
The thing about the 600 words, I mean some day, you can do a very, very, very hard day's work and not write a word, just revising, or you would scribble a few words.;J. K. Rowling;work
When I was younger I probably didn't understand something basic about tact, but I think it kept faint-hearted people at arm's distance and that's not such a bad thing, because life is short and I know the kind of people I want to work with.;Debra Winger;work
Education is the power to think clearly, the power to act well in the worlds work, and the power to appreciate life.;Brigham Young;work
Generally a chef's book is like a calling card or a portfolio to display their personal work.;Sally Schneider;work
I don't need the money, dear. I work for art.;Maria Callas;work
America is at that awkward stage it's too late to work within the system, but too early to shoot the bastards.;Claire Wolfe;work
When I work a game as an analyst, all I do is look at the game like a coach.;Lou Holtz;work
The average husband enjoys the total effect of his home but is usually unable to contribute any of the details of work and organisation that make it enjoyable.;Havelock Ellis;work
For his heart was in his work, and the heart giveth grace unto every art.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;work
I've made all my money on my own without my family and I work very hard.;Paris Hilton;work
The outward work will never be puny if the inward work is great.;Meister Eckhart;work
I think what made it difficult for people to get, and still makes it difficult for people to get, is the theatrical nature of the work and the fact that, my music doesn't exist without the performance-art element.;Lady Gaga;work
It sometimes makes people feel better about themselves, you know, to put other people down, or make fun of them, or maybe make mockery of their work and that doesn't make me feel good at all.;Lady Gaga;work
I keep guitars that are, you know, the neck's a little bit bent and it's a little bit out of tune. I want to work and battle it and conquer it and make it express whatever attitude I have at that moment. I want it to be a struggle.;Jack White;work
I told you I'm not going to criticize my successor. I'll just tell you that there are people at Gitmo that will kill American people at a drop of a hat and I don't believe that persuasion isn't going to work. Therapy isn't going to cause terrorists to change their mind.;George W. Bush;work
Government's role should be only to keep the playing field level, and to work hand in hand with business on issues such as employment. But beyond this, to as great an extent as possible, it should get the hell out of the way.;Jesse Ventura;work
Beset by a difficult problem? Now is your chance to shine. Pick yourself up, get to work and get triumphantly through it.;Ralph Marston;work
In no direction that we turn do we find ease or comfort. If we are honest and if we have the will to win we find only danger, hard work and iron resolution.;Wendell Willkie;work
I'm just an individual who doesn't feel that I need to have somebody qualify my work in any particular way. I'm working for me.;David Bowie;work
I learned that the only way you are going to get anywhere in life is to work hard at it. Whether you're a musician, a writer, an athlete or a businessman, there is no getting around it. If you do, you'll win - if you don't, you won't.;Bruce Jenner;work
Fear God and work hard.;David Livingstone;work
A work of art has no importance whatever to society. It is only important to the individual.;Vladimir Nabokov;work
I don't like to work with assistants. I'm already one too many the camera alone would be enough.;Alfred Eisenstaedt;work
I like to talk about my obsession with french fries because I don't want people to think that 'Let's Move' is about complete, utter deprivation. It's about moderation and real-life changes and ideas that really work for families.;Michelle Obama;work
When I get up and work out, I'm working out just as much for my girls as I am for me, because I want them to see a mother who loves them dearly, who invests in them, but who also invests in herself. It's just as much about letting them know as young women that it is okay to put yourself a little higher on your priority list.;Michelle Obama;work
A woman can be very beautiful and an ideal model and she will photograph incredibly well, but she'll appear in film and it won't work. What works is some fusion of physical beauty with some mental field or whatever you call it. I don't know.;Oliver Stone;work
My success was due to good luck, hard work, and support and advice from friends and mentors. But most importantly, it depended on me to keep trying after I had failed.;Mark Warner;work
I was all about my thoughts, my work, my inspiration. I was always in hair.;Vidal Sassoon;work
Confidence doesn't come out of nowhere. It's a result of something... hours and days and weeks and years of constant work and dedication.;Roger Staubach;work
I was one of those people who put too much emphasis on work and career and material possessions, and it took its toll on all my relationships, on my physical health, my emotional and mental health.;Tony Shalhoub;work
Integrate what you believe in every single area of your life. Take your heart to work and ask the most and best of everybody else, too.;Meryl Streep;work
I have always been pushed by the negative. The apparent failure of a play sends me back to my typewriter that very night, before the reviews are out. I am more compelled to get back to work than if I had a success.;Tennessee Williams;work
Everything considered, work is less boring than amusing oneself.;Charles Baudelaire;work
Having played many roles of scientific intellect I do have an empathy for that world. It's been hard on me because flying the Enterprise for seven years in Star Trek and sitting in Cerebro in X-men has led people to believe that I know what I'm talking about. But I'm still trying to work out how to operate the air conditioning unit on my car.;Patrick Stewart;work
We should concentrate our work not only to a separated housing problem but housing involved in our daily work and all the other functions of the city.;Alvar Aalto;work
If you re-read your work, you can find on re-reading a great deal of repetition can be avoided by re-reading and editing.;William Safire;work
I don't think any movie or any book or any work of art can solve the stalemate in the Middle East today. But it's certainly worth a try.;Steven Spielberg;work
A man can believe a considerable deal of rubbish, and yet go about his daily work in a rational and cheerful manner.;Norman Douglas;work
Dreams can become a reality when we possess a vision that is characterized by the willingness to work hard, a desire for excellence, and a belief in our right and our responsiblity to be equal members of society.;Janet Jackson;work
I wasn't born a fool. It took work to get this way.;Danny Kaye;work
I think I've got my business notions and my sense for that sort of thing from my dad. My dad never had a chance to go to school. He couldn't read and write. But he was so smart. He was just one of those people that could just make the most of anything and everything that he had to work with.;Dolly Parton;work
I don't think I am evangelical in my work.;J. K. Rowling;work
Teach us, O Lord, the disciplines of patience, for to wait is often harder than to work.;Peter Marshall;work
If you love something - and there are things that I love - you do want more and more and more of it, but that's not the way to produce good work.;J. K. Rowling;work
My ideal relaxation is working on upholstry. I spend hours in junk shops buying furniture. I do all the upholstery work myself, and it's like therapy.;Pamela Anderson;work
To know how to grow old is the master work of wisdom, and one of the most difficult chapters in the great art of living.;Herman Melville;work
I have learned not to read reviews. Period. And I hate reviewers. All of them, or at least all but two or three. Life is much simpler ignoring reviews and the nasty people who write them. Critics should find meaningful work.;John Grisham;work
Writing is hard work and bad for the health.;E. B. White;work
A man is educated and turned out to work. But a woman is educated and turned out to grass.;Pearl S. Buck;work
I don't pay to have my dirty work done for me. I do it myself.;Ted Nugent;work
Actresses can get outrageously precious about the way they look. That's not what life's about. If you starve yourself to the point where your brain cells shrivel, you will never do good work. And if you're overly conscious of your arms flapping in the wind, how can you look the other actor in the eye to respond to them?;Cate Blanchett;work
It will work. I am a marketing genius.;Paris Hilton;work
The people that make this country work, the people who pay on their mortgages, the people getting up and going to work, striving in this recession to not participate in it, they're not the enemy. They're the people that hire you. They're the people that are going to give you a job.;Rush Limbaugh;work
When you're a chef, you graze. You never get a chance to sit down and eat. They don't actually sit down and eat before you cook. So when I finish work, the first thing I'll do, and especially when I'm in New York, I'll go for a run. And I'll run 10 or 15k on my - and I run to gain my appetite.;Gordon Ramsay;work
The Republicans need to work on registration and getting out their vote and their early voters and absentees. Grassroots stuff.;Rush Limbaugh;work
When you have a great and difficult task, something perhaps almost impossible, if you only work a little at a time, every day a little, suddenly the work will finish itself.;Isak Dinesen;work
You should always be well and bright, for so you do your best work and you have so much beautiful work to do. The world needs it, and you must give it!;Marie Corelli;work
Why are people unemployed? Because there is no work. Why is there no work? Because people are not buying products and services. Why are people not buying products and services? Because they have no money. Why do people have no money? Because they are unemployed.;Craig Bruce;work
I was raised not to be rude, but I also try to get the best work out of people.;Dick Wolf;work
An idea isn't worth much until a man is found who has the energy and ability to make it work.;William Feather;work
Well, just being stupid and politically incorrect doesn't work. You can be politically incorrect if you're smart.;Mel Brooks;work
Work will win when wishy washy wishing won t.;Thomas S. Monson;work
If you can laugh together, you can work together.;Robert Orben;work
You see, my mother was a district nurse until she died when I was 14, and we used to move from time to time because of her work.;Paul McCartney;work
I don't think about my previous success. I'm happy that the work I've done has been very successful.;Aaliyah;work
Letting go of things and not being afraid of being ridiculous or over the top - I think that's the main thing for me to work on.;Charlotte Gainsbourg;work
To me, as long as we've known each other, I've always thought Mick's most brilliant thing was that he could work in an area two foot square and give a very exciting performance.;Keith Richards;work
Every man should have laws of his own, I should think commandments of his own, for every man has a different set of circumstances wherein to work - or worry.;Gilbert Parker;work
But I'm pretty good with collaborative thinking. I work well with other people.;David Bowie;work
Like all technology, social media is neutral but is best put to work in the service of building a better world.;Simon Mainwaring;work
I suppose for me as an artist it wasn't always just about expressing my work I really wanted, more than anything else, to contribute in some way to the culture that I was living in. It just seemed like a challenge to move it a little bit towards the way I thought it might be interesting to go.;David Bowie;work
Work with your competitors when the interest of the community and planet are at stake.;Simon Mainwaring;work
Our work is the presentation of our capabilities.;Edward Gibbon;work
The security comes, as an actor, in knowing that you're not in control. If you try to control your career, or how people perceive you, you'll make yourself unhappy, because life doesn't work like that. So much is luck. It's much better to let yourself off, to think, 'There's nothing I can do.';Matthew Macfadyen;work
An investigator starts research in a new field with faith, a foggy idea, and a few wild experiments. Eventually the interplay of negative and positive results guides the work. By the time the research is completed, he or she knows how it should have been started and conducted.;Donald Cram;work
More and more companies are reaching out to their suppliers and contractors to work jointly on issues of sustainability, environmental responsibility, ethics, and compliance.;Simon Mainwaring;work
I find in working always the disturbing intrusion of elements not a part of my most interested vision, and the inevitable obliteration and replacement of this vision by the work itself as it proceeds.;Edward Hopper;work
What I had to prove was that I had a dedication and a desire and a passion to do the work and everything else would fall in place because I have a vision that I want to portray and it did and I do it. I don't sell anything.;Kim Weston;work
The companies that make meaningful contributions while also listening to the voices of others are the ones that will genuinely engage their community, who will then go to work for them.;Simon Mainwaring;work
Another Black Label motto. That's what I think life is. It's just another bridge to cross. You ask no questions. Whatever work it is you gotta do, you gotta go over it, under it, through it, around it, to do it.;Zakk Wylde;work
More brands are waking up to their social responsibility and doing good work through cause marketing campaigns. Yet too many still go about it the wrong way. I mean 'wrong' in two senses. Firstly, they are marketing ineffectively, and secondly, as a consequence their positive social impact is not maximized.;Simon Mainwaring;work
I don't think people understand that being poor means you have to work from dawn until dusk just to survive through the day. I think there's some notion that poor people lie about all day not doing anything.;Emma Thompson;work
There's an adage that is an apt description of the new dynamic at work between brands and consumers connected through social media: People support what they help to build. But now that many brands are launching community-driven cause marketing campaigns, the challenge becomes what to do next?;Simon Mainwaring;work
I think of doing a series as very hard work. But then I've talked to coal miners, and that's really hard work.;William Shatner;work
The whole essence of good drawing - and of good thinking, perhaps - is to work a subject down to the simplest form possible and still have it believable for what it is meant to be.;Chuck Jones;work
I'm very happy to hear that my work inspires writers and painters. It's the most beautiful compliment, the greatest reward. Art should always be an exchange.;Nick Cave;work
It's continuously humbling to work hard, you know? As long as you've got a good work ethic and a sense of humor, I don't think anybody can become too much of an egoist under those circumstances.;Rachael Ray;work
I work to stay alive.;Bette Davis;work
Men of genius sometimes accomplish most when they work the least, for they are thinking out inventions and forming in their minds the perfect idea that they subsequently express with their hands.;Giorgio Vasari;work
Create your own method. Don't depend slavishly on mine. Make up something that will work for you! But keep breaking traditions, I beg you.;Constantin Stanislavski;work
I went back to work because someone had to pay for the groceries.;Bette Davis;work
Work while you work, play while you play - this is a basic rule of repressive self-discipline.;Theodor Adorno;work
The family teaches us about the importance of knowledge, education, hard work and effort. It teaches us about enjoying ourselves, having fun, keeping fit and healthy.;Kamisese Mara;work
In the execution of Presidential decisions work to be true to his views, in fact and tone.;Donald Rumsfeld;work
The father figure is something I love, but also suffocate from and want to work against.;Ang Lee;work
Wherever smart people work, doors are unlocked.;Steve Wozniak;work
My nervous system is enfeebled, only work in oils can sustain me.;Paul Cezanne;work
I think I can work with any type of actor.;Ang Lee;work
The Gorillaz cartoons seem more real to me than the actual people on TV. Because at least you know that there's some intelligence behind the cartoons, and there's a lot of work that's gone into it, so it can't all be just a lie.;Damon Albarn;work
We're all of us guinea pigs in the laboratory of God. Humanity is just a work in progress.;Tennessee Williams;work
These days I'm mostly familiar with two parts of L.A.: one is movie culture, and the other is Asian culture. The Westside is work, and the Eastside is Chinese - which means my friends.;Ang Lee;work
Rough work, iconoclasm, but the only way to get at truth.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;work
I'm actually living my life with the material I choose to work with.;Ang Lee;work
Always work hard, be honest, and be proud of who you are.;Patricia Velasquez;work
I get that same queasy, nervous, thrilling feeling every time I go to work. That's never worn off since I was 12 years-old with my dad's 8-millimeter movie camera.;Steven Spielberg;work
People who own property feel a sense of ownership in their future and their society. They study, save, work, strive and vote. And people trapped in a culture of tenancy do not.;Henry Louis Gates;work
There's only one growth strategy: work hard.;William Hague;work
Work is the price which is paid for reputation.;Baltasar Gracian;work
Breast cancer is not just a disease that strikes at women. It strikes at the very heart of who we are as women: how others perceive us, how we perceive ourselves, how we live, work and raise our families-or whether we do these things at all.;Debbie Wasserman Schultz;work
You really have to work hard and apply yourself and by applying yourself and working hard and being diligent, you can achieve success.;Julie Benz;work
We can create the ultimate job security by becoming less dependent on the organization for which we work and more dependent on our own resources.;Bo Bennett;work
This is a work of fiction. All the characters in it, human and otherwise, are imaginary, excepting only certain of the fairy folk, whom it might be unwise to offend by casting doubts on their existence. Or lack thereof.;Neil Gaiman;work
Australians are coffee snobs. An influx of Italian immigrants after World War II ensured that - we probably had the word 'cappuccino' about 20 years before America. Cafe culture is really big for Aussies. We like to work hard, but we take our leisure time seriously.;Hugh Jackman;work
You're basing your laws and your whole outlook on natural life on mythology. It won't work. That's why you have all these problems in the world. Name them: India, Pakistan, Ireland. Name them-all these problems. They're all religious problems.;Jack Kevorkian;work
I find it some of the hardest photography and the most challenging photography I've ever done. It's a real challenge to work with the natural features and the natural light.;Galen Rowell;work
Avon is a unique place to work we've got family-friendly policies. We have more senior women in high-level management than any other company 46 percent of our officers are women.;Andrea Jung;work
Golf is good, it means I get some fresh air and exercise, take my mind off work and see some of the landscape of the place I'm visiting.;Harry Connick, Jr.;work
So there's no such thing as work-life balance. There's work, and there's life, and there's no balance.;Sheryl Sandberg;work
What I learned growing up on the farm was a way of life that was centered on hard work, and on faith and on thrift. Those values have stuck with me my whole life.;Rick Perry;work
And, you know, you try and preach to them there's more to this game than just walking up to home plate, swinging the bat, fielding a ground ball. There's some dedication in it, some love you've got to put into this work.;Eddie Murray;work
The basis of computer work is predicated on the idea that only the brain makes decisions and only the index finger does the work.;Brian Eno;work
Close your bodily eye, that you may see your picture first with the eye of the spirit. Then bring to light what you have seen in the darkness, that its effect may work back, from without to within.;Caspar David Friedrich;work
The artist belongs to his work, not the work to the artist.;Novalis;work
My work always tried to unite the true with the beautiful but when I had to choose one or the other, I usually chose the beautiful.;Tom Stoppard;work
Working with my dad was such a gas. We approached the work in a similar way. We only made two films together when I was an adult, Tucker, and Blown Away, but it was so much fun to play with your parent like that.;Jeff Bridges;work
I was interested by the idea that artists working in a totalitarian dictatorship or tsarist autocracy are secretly and slightly shamefully envied by artists who work in freedom. They have the gratification of intense interest: the authorities want to put them in jail, while there are younger readers for whom what they write is pure oxygen.;Tom Stoppard;work
Christmas is not a time nor a season, but a state of mind. To cherish peace and goodwill, to be plenteous in mercy, is to have the real spirit of Christmas.;Calvin Coolidge;christmas
He who has not Christmas in his heart will never find it under a tree.;Roy L. Smith;christmas
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.;George Carlin;christmas
Maybe Christmas, the Grinch thought, doesn't come from a store.;Dr. Seuss;christmas
A good conscience is a continual Christmas.;Benjamin Franklin;christmas
Christmas, my child, is love in action. Every time we love, every time we give, it's Christmas.;Dale Evans;christmas
Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home!;Charles Dickens;christmas
When we were children we were grateful to those who filled our stockings at Christmas time. Why are we not grateful to God for filling our stockings with legs?;Gilbert K. Chesterton;christmas
We consider Christmas as the encounter, the great encounter, the historical encounter, the decisive encounter, between God and mankind. He who has faith knows this truly let him rejoice.;Pope Paul VI;christmas
I once bought my kids a set of batteries for Christmas with a note on it saying, toys not included.;Bernard Manning;christmas
The Supreme Court has ruled that they cannot have a nativity scene in Washington, D.C. This wasn't for any religious reasons. They couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.;Jay Leno;christmas
Christmas... is not an external event at all, but a piece of one's home that one carries in one's heart.;Freya Stark;christmas
What I don't like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day.;Phyllis Diller;christmas
Christmas in Bethlehem. The ancient dream: a cold, clear night made brilliant by a glorious star, the smell of incense, shepherds and wise men falling to their knees in adoration of the sweet baby, the incarnation of perfect love.;Lucinda Franks;christmas
Christmas is a season for kindling the fire for hospitality in the hall, the genial flame of charity in the heart.;Washington Irving;christmas
Unless we make Christmas an occasion to share our blessings, all the snow in Alaska won't make it 'white'.;Bing Crosby;christmas
Christmas isn't a season. It's a feeling.;Edna Ferber;christmas
A lovely thing about Christmas is that it's compulsory, like a thunderstorm, and we all go through it together.;Garrison Keillor;christmas
If you haven't got any charity in your heart, you have the worst kind of heart trouble.;Bob Hope;christmas
I don't think Christmas is necessarily about things. It's about being good to one another, it's about the Christian ethic, it's about kindness.;Carrie Fisher;christmas
Once again, we come to the Holiday Season, a deeply religious time that each of us observes, in his own way, by going to the mall of his choice.;Dave Barry;christmas
Let's be naughty and save Santa the trip.;Gary Allan;christmas
At Christmas play and make good cheer, for Christmas comes but once a year.;Thomas Tusser;christmas
I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up - they have no holidays.;Henny Youngman;christmas
Christmas is the day that holds all time together.;Alexander Smith;christmas
Nothing says holidays, like a cheese log.;Ellen DeGeneres;christmas
That's the true spirit of Christmas people being helped by people other than me.;Jerry Seinfeld;christmas
At Christmas, 'It's a Wonderful Life' makes me cry in exactly the same places every time, even though I know it's coming.;Nicholas Lea;christmas
There are some people who want to throw their arms round you simply because it is Christmas there are other people who want to strangle you simply because it is Christmas.;Robert Staughton Lynd;christmas
To perceive Christmas through its wrappings becomes more difficult with every year.;E. B. White;christmas
Every year we celebrate the holy season of Advent, O God. Every year we pray those beautiful prayers of longing and waiting, and sing those lovely songs of hope and promise.;Karl Rahner;christmas
Santa Claus has the right idea - visit people only once a year.;Victor Borge;christmas
I love Christmas, not just because of the presents but because of all the decorations and lights and the warmth of the season.;Ashley Tisdale;christmas
As dry leaves that before the wild hurricane fly, when they meet with an obstacle, mount to the sky. So up to the house-top the coursers they flew, with the sleigh full of toys, and St. Nicholas too.;Clement Clarke Moore;christmas
Christmas is, of course, the time to be home - in heart as well as body.;Garry Moore;christmas
The earth has grown old with its burden of care, but at Christmas it always is young, the heart of the jewel burns lustrous and fair, and its soul full of music breaks the air, when the song of angels is sung.;Phillips Brooks;christmas
Expectancy is the atmosphere for miracles.;Edwin Louis Cole;christmas
The real evidence for Jesus and Christianity is in how Jesus and the Christianity based on him manifest themselves in the lives of practicing Christians.;Lionel Blue;christmas
Every gift which is given, even though is be small, is in reality great, if it is given with affection.;Pindar;christmas
I stopped believing in Santa Claus when I was six. Mother took me to see him in a department store and he asked for my autograph.;Shirley Temple;christmas
The Christian faith can never be separated from the soil of sacred events, from the choice made by God, who wanted to speak to us, to become man, to die and rise again, in a particular place and at a particular time.;Joseph Ratzinger;christmas
The supernatural birth of Christ, his miracles, his resurrection and ascension, remain eternal truths, whatever doubts may be cast on their reality as historical facts.;David Friedrich Strauss;christmas
T'was the night before Christmas, when all through the house, not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse.;Clement Clarke Moore;christmas
Santa is our culture's only mythic figure truly believed in by a large percentage of the population. It's a fact that most of the true believers are under eight years old, and that's a pity.;Chris Van Allsburg;christmas
Now, the essence, the very spirit of Christmas is that we first make believe a thing is so, and lo, it presently turns out to be so.;Stephen Leacock;christmas
Pets, like their owners, tend to expand a little over the Christmas period.;Frances Wright;christmas
I love giving gifts and I love receiving them. I really like giving little kids extravagant gifts. You see their little faces light up and they get excited. If it's a really good gift, I love receiving it, like jewels, small islands.;Gina Gershon;christmas
Christmas, children, is not a date. It is a state of mind.;Mary Ellen Chase;christmas
Coming from Chicago, I like a white Christmas.;Dennis Franz;christmas
There are a lot of Grinches out there that would like nothing better than to take any references to religion out of the holiday season.;Ernest Istook;christmas
The excellence of a gift lies in its appropriateness rather than in its value.;Charles Dudley Warner;christmas
Please to put a nickel, please to put a dime. How petitions trickle in at Christmas time!;Phyllis McGinley;christmas
Our children await Christmas presents like politicians getting in election returns: there's the Uncle Fred precinct and the Aunt Ruth district still to come in.;Marcelene Cox;christmas
In our open society, we are inclined to give to the less fortunate for the pure goodness of giving. We open our home to those who are alone on this holiday to spread some warmth into the life of another.;Jeff Miller;christmas
Christmas makes me happy no matter what time of year it comes around.;Bryan White;christmas
Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful.;Norman Vincent Peale;christmas
It's silly talking about how many years we will have to spend in the jungles of Vietnam when we could pave the whole country and put parking stripes on it and still be home by Christmas.;Ronald Reagan;christmas
I wrapped my Christmas presents early this year, but I used the wrong paper. See, the paper I used said 'Happy Birthday' on it. I didn't want to waste it so I just wrote 'Jesus' on it.;Demetri Martin;christmas
I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.;Charles Dickens;christmas
We should declare war on North Vietnam. We could pave the whole country and put parking strips on it, and still be home by Christmas.;Ronald Reagan;christmas
There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child.;Erma Bombeck;christmas
Christmas is the time when kids tell Santa what they want and adults pay for it. Deficits are when adults tell government what they want and their kids pay for it.;Richard Lamm;christmas
It's true, Christmas can feel like a lot of work, particularly for mothers. But when you look back on all the Christmases in your life, you'll find you've created family traditions and lasting memories. Those memories, good and bad, are really what help to keep a family together over the long haul.;Caroline Kennedy;christmas
Christmas is a holiday that persecutes the lonely, the frayed, and the rejected.;Jimmy Cannon;christmas
Moving between the legs of tables and of chairs, rising or falling, grasping at kisses and toys, advancing boldly, sudden to take alarm, retreating to the corner of arm and knee, eager to be reassured, taking pleasure in the fragrant brilliance of the Christmas tree.;T. S. Eliot;christmas
Next to a circus there ain't nothing that packs up and tears out faster than the Christmas spirit.;Kin Hubbard;christmas
In the United States Christmas has become the rape of an idea.;Richard Bach;christmas
I was nine or 10 years old and my father was sacked on Christmas Day. He was a manager, the results had not been good, he lost a game on December 22 or 23. On Christmas Day, the telephone rang and he was sacked in the middle of our lunch.;Jose Mourinho;christmas
There's a little vanity chair that Charlie gave me the first Christmas we knew each other. I'll not be parting with that, nor our bed - the four-poster - I'll be needing that to die in.;Helen Hayes;christmas
I wanted an electric train for Christmas but I got the saxophone instead.;Clarence Clemons;christmas
Even though we're a week and a half away from Thanksgiving, it's beginning to look a lot like Christmas.;Richard Roeper;christmas
Christmas makes everything twice as sad.;Doug Coupland;christmas
I suppose if you look back to your early childhood you accept everything people tell you, and that includes a heavy dose of irrationality - you're told about tooth fairies and Father Christmas and things.;Richard Dawkins;christmas
Now I'm an old Christmas tree, the roots of which have died. They just come along and while the little needles fall off me replace them with medallions.;Orson Welles;christmas
My mother was a professional sick person she took a lot of pain pills. There are many people like that. It's just how they are used to getting attention. I always remember she's the daughter of alcoholics who'd leave her alone at Christmas time.;Jim Carrey;christmas
Mail your packages early so the post office can lose them in time for Christmas.;Johnny Carson;christmas
'The Christmas Song,' by Nat King Cole, is not only a masterful performance to me it just sounds like the holidays. I've never sung it, because Nat's version is so perfect. I gotta leave it alone.;Harry Connick, Jr.;christmas
Time always seems long to the child who is waiting - for Christmas, for next summer, for becoming a grownup: long also when he surrenders his whole soul to each moment of a happy day.;Dag Hammarskjold;christmas
Christmas can have a real melancholy aspect, 'cause it packages itself as this idea of perfect family cohesion and love, and you're always going to come up short when you measure your personal life against the idealized personal lives that are constantly thrust in our faces, primarily by TV commercials.;Dan Savage;christmas
You have to remind kids to stay connected to the meaning of Christmas. Sometimes it takes a little bit of effort, but it's so worth it.;Caroline Kennedy;christmas
The truth is the Super Bowl long ago became more than just a football game. It's part of our culture like turkey at Thanksgiving and lights at Christmas, and like those holidays beyond their meaning, a factor in our economy.;Bob Schieffer;christmas
Christmas is over and Business is Business.;Franklin P. Adams;christmas
Bloody Christmas, here again, let us raise a loving cup, peace on earth, goodwill to men, and make them do the washing up.;Wendy Cope;christmas
Christmas is more stressful with present buying and making sure everyone gets included, but Thanksgiving is really not that. I don't ever really get stressed out about the food.;Sandra Lee;christmas
The two most joyous times of the year are Christmas morning and the end of school.;Alice Cooper;christmas
I remember a great America where we made everything. There was a time when the only thing you got from Japan was a really bad cheap transistor radio that some aunt gave you for Christmas.;Cher;christmas
It's surprising to me how many of my friends send Christmas cards, or holiday cards, including my atheist and secular friends.;Christopher Hitchens;christmas
I beg to present you as a Christmas gift the city of Savannah.;William Tecumseh Sherman;christmas
Christmas carols always brought tears to my eyes. I also cry at weddings. I should have cried at a couple of my own.;Ethel Merman;christmas
I've always loved Christmas and that's not really gone away from me from being a child to now. It's always a magical time and I'm unashamed in my love for Christmas.;Martin Freeman;christmas
The truth is that our way of celebrating the Christmas season does spring from myriad cultures and sources, from St. Nicholas to Coca-Cola advertising campaigns.;Richard Roeper;christmas
Christmas to a child is the first terrible proof that to travel hopefully is better than to arrive.;Stephen Fry;christmas
I remember driving to North Carolina when I was a little girl in a snowstorm to get down to my mom's family in the Carolinas. There were chains on the car - it was the late sixties - and we were just singing in the car. Christmas carols.;Tori Amos;christmas
I can't tell you how scary it can be walking onto a movie and suddenly joining this family, it's like going to somebody else's Christmas dinner, everyone knows everyone, and you're there and you're not quite sure what you're supposed to be doing.;John Cleese;christmas
The worst gift that I ever gave a girl was a suitcase for Christmas. As in, 'I can't think of anything to give you, but here's a new suitcase.' Afterward, I was like, 'What were you thinking, idiot?';Jensen Ackles;christmas
I think Christmas is about celebration and come on, on the inside everyone wants to dance.;TobyMac;christmas
Making a Christmas album is looked upon by some people as the thing you do when you are heading towards retirement.;Annie Lennox;christmas
Christmas gives us the opportunity to pause and reflect on the important things around us - a time when we can look back on the year that has passed and prepare for the year ahead.;David Cameron;christmas
If you want me to sing this Christmas song with the feeling and the meaning, you better see if you can locate that check.;Mahalia Jackson;christmas
Why not share with the world the way it is and tell them my feelings about my cat, and how I played with my kids, and how addicted to Christmas time I am, and the smell of pine needles and hearing my kids laugh.;Steven Tyler;christmas
The cheese board is my big treat at Christmas that I have to deny myself during the rest of year.;Johnny Vegas;christmas
You can't allow the forces of political correction to shut you up. I mean, why are people afraid to say, 'Merry Christmas?' Give me a break. If people don't like it, yeah, they can go do something else.;Benjamin Carson;christmas
On the whole, I prefer Christmas as an adult than I did as a child.;Nigella Lawson;christmas
Tax cuts should be for life, not just for Christmas.;George Osborne;christmas
The sharpest memory of our old-fashioned Christmas eve is my mother's hand making sure I was settled in bed.;Paul Engle;christmas
When you have kids, you instantly feel that you do not want to do them wrong. Those dads that go off to Florida and start a new life, I couldn't imagine that: seeing my kid once every Christmas, every three years. If I'm gone for six days it feels like too much.;Adam Carolla;christmas
With the song 'This Christmas' I wanted to do something that was kind of different. I mean, Donny Hathaway is an amazing artist. So I wanted to bring my flavor to the song so when people over the age of 45 or 50 hear it they'll be like 'OK, he did his thing with that record.' It's like I can appeal to everybody and not just a younger demographic.;Chris Brown;christmas
When I was 12, all I wanted for Christmas was a trampoline or a four-wheeler. I ended up getting both presents for Christmas.;Chris Brown;christmas
I was a postman one Christmas and I developed a morbid fear of dogs.;Diane Abbott;christmas
I loved raising my kids. I loved the process, the dirt of it, the tears of it, the frustration of it, Christmas, Easter, birthdays, growth charts, pediatrician appointments. I loved all of it.;Jane Elliot;christmas
You don't want your jewelry to make you look fat. A lot of what's out there now does - you just wind up looking like a Christmas tree.;Padma Lakshmi;christmas
Christmas in L.A. is weird. There's no snow. It's not even cold.;Ellie Goulding;christmas
Online, there's no time. It's always Christmas.;Lewis Black;christmas
So we're considering doing a new Christmas album, because there's been Christmas episodes since then, and maybe finally do the version of 'The Most Offensive Song Ever' with lyrics intact.;Trey Parker;christmas
Come Christmas Eve, we usually go to my mom and dad's. Everybody brings one gift and then we play that game when we all steal it from each other. Some are really cool, others are useful and some are a bit out there.;Amy Grant;christmas
My favorite traditional Christmas movie that I like to watch is All Quiet on the Western Front. It's just not December without that movie in my house.;Tom Hanks;christmas
I beg people not to accept the seasonal ritual of well-timed charity on Christmas Eve. It's blasphemy.;Jonathan Kozol;christmas
According to an ancient Sardinian legend, the bodies of those who are born on Christmas Eve will never dissolve into dust but are preserved until the end of time.;Grazia Deledda;christmas
I made a French film called 'Merry Christmas' which is a very European film. It's a World War I piece.;Diane Kruger;christmas
It's quite a famous story that takes place on Christmas Eve, and the Germans, French, and Scottish are trying to make peace one night and they bury their dead and they play football. I play a German opera singer, in German, which I never have so I am really excited about that.;Diane Kruger;christmas
Black Friday is not another bad hair day in Wall Street. It's the term used by American retailers to describe the day after the Thanksgiving Holiday, seen as the semi-official start of Christmas shopping season.;Evan Davis;christmas
It may be a cliche, but it's true - the build-up to Christmas is so much more pleasurable than the actual day itself.;Julie Burchill;christmas
One Christmas build-up tradition, however, has totally bypassed me - that of going up to town and 'doing a show.';Julie Burchill;christmas
If you pray enough for things, I am proof that they can happen. I feel like a kid on Christmas day now, every day. It's something I have wanted for a long time and I am as happy as anyone to be here. It is great to be back at my first love.;Robbie Fowler;christmas
There's never really been a real hood Christmas movie.;Ice Cube;christmas
I remember wishing there was snow in L.A. And how jealous we used to get of those Christmas specials with kids playing in the snow.;Ice Cube;christmas
I've been playing on Christmas for the last 10, 11, 12 years. So just got to get up early with the babies, and give them their toys and try to get a nap in and just come to play.;Shaquille O'Neal;christmas
Christmas is a time when kids tell Santa what they want and adults pay for it. Deficits are when adults tell the government what they want - and their kids pay for it.;Richard Lamm;christmas
Brits and Americans have hundreds of different phrases for the same thing. Luckily, it's usually a source of amusement rather than frustration. A flashlight by any other name is still a torch. My personal favourite is 'fairy lights,' which we boringly refer to as 'Christmas lights.';Sloane Crosley;christmas
From a commercial point of view, if Christmas did not exist it would be necessary to invent it.;Katharine Whitehorn;christmas
I'm over the moon to be involved in the 'Doctor Who' Christmas special. I can't quite believe it as it's a part of the family tradition at the Jenkins household. I heard the news that I got the role on my 30th birthday and it was the best birthday present ever.;Katherine Jenkins;christmas
My family makes these vinegars - out of everything from grapes to peaches and cherries. We go through the whole process with the giant vat and drainer, label them, and give them as Christmas presents.;Mario Batali;christmas
The whole point of me doing a Christmas record and what I centered it around was the song 'Christmas with You' from the point-of-view of the soldiers in Iraq.;Rick Springfield;christmas
I've got some incredible fans actually - so loyal and they make me birthday cards and Christmas cards. I got this package of poems and artwork based around the songs. They've got this thing called 'Floetry' where they all have to put in artwork. They've set up their own competitions and stuff which is kind of amazing.;Florence Welch;christmas
I save every Christmas card. I keep them all.;Alison Sweeney;christmas
My parents were kind of over protective people. Me and my sister had to play in the backyard all the time. They bought us bikes for Christmas but wouldn't let us ride in the street, we had to ride in the backyard. Another Christmas, my dad got me a basketball hoop and put it in the middle of the lawn! You can't dribble on grass.;Jimmy Fallon;christmas
I went to Sunday School and liked the stories about Christ and the Christmas star. They were beautiful. They made you warm and happy to think about. But I didn't believe them.;Frances Farmer;christmas
Well, the album 'Intuition' is out and just went platinum officially. So I think to have the music doing what it's doing right now, man, it's the ultimate. Nobody is really selling records out there but we are at a million records and we dropped it at Christmas, so we are just trying to get that thing to like two million, you know.;Jamie Foxx;christmas
I'm bad on Valentine's Day, but even worse on Christmas. I go shopping at nine o'clock on December 24th every year. Nobody else is there. I'm in Toys'R'Us all by myself. I get there five minutes before closing.;Jamie Foxx;christmas
It was, you know, probably 80 degrees out in L.A., and my dad took me outside and there was snow. At the time, I thought, 'Every kid doesn't have snow in their backyard on Christmas?';Tori Spelling;christmas
I love Halloween, trick or treating and decorating the house. And I love Thanksgiving, because of the football and the fall weather. And of course, I love Christmas - that's my favorite of all!;Joe Nichols;christmas
For a long time all I wanted for Christmas were books about outdoor survival. I was convinced that the woods were calling me. I camped a lot, I took classes. At 18, I told myself if I don't live in the woods by myself by the time I'm 25, I have failed.;Chris Evans;christmas
I have a musical called Goodbye and Good Luck, based on a Grace Paley short story. I also have King Island Christmas, and there are 20 different productions of it this year.;David Friedman;christmas
Christmas is the antithesis of Thanksgiving. Christmas is pretty much a man-made holiday.;John Clayton;christmas
I'm sure most of us remember being a kid and you have all of this endless time where two weeks before Christmas feels like ten years. I used to go to bed to try and go to sleep to try and make it go faster.;Andrea Arnold;christmas
There's something about a Christmas sweater that will always make me laugh.;Kristen Wiig;christmas
Every singer eventually gets around to a Christmas disc.;Renee Fleming;christmas
I love Christmas. I really do love Christmas. I love being with my family and I love snow. I love the music and the lights and all of it.;Christina Applegate;christmas
I get a little behind during Lent, but it comes out even at Christmas.;Frank Butler;christmas
There's been a concerted effort to steal Christmas.;Jerry Falwell;christmas
I don't know of too many double Christmas albums, so it is something that's new, and hopefully will be fun, and there's plenty of stuff out there to cut.;Garth Brooks;christmas
It can't be overstated how wonderful it is not to have to audition any more. Any actor will tell you, it's like Christmas.;Bill Nighy;christmas
When I was five my parents bought me a ukulele for Christmas. I quickly learned how to play it with my father's guidance. Thereafter, my father regularly taught me all the good old fashioned songs.;Tony Visconti;christmas
Christmas renews our youth by stirring our wonder. The capacity for wonder has been called our most pregnant human faculty, for in it are born our art, our science, our religion.;Ralph W. Sockman;christmas
The denominational world tries to pressure its members to focus on the birth of Christ, but in doing so layers of guilt are imposed, and competition gets complicated as one Christmas program tries to outdo the other.;John Clayton;christmas
At Christmas our house is like a Donnie and Marie Christmas Special.;Kevin Richardson;christmas
We didn't have a whole lot of money when I was growing up either. I would always ask for magic books or magic tricks for my birthday or for Christmas and the rest of the year I either had to mow lawns or find part time jobs to help supplement the cost of doing magic.;Lance Burton;christmas
One Christmas my father kept our tree up till March. He hated to see it go. I loved that.;Mo Rocca;christmas
Christmas is a stocking stuffed with sugary goodness.;Mo Rocca;christmas
I love Christmas. Frosty the Snowman, peace on Earth and mangers, Salvation Army bell ringers and reindeer, the movie 'Meet Me in St. Louis,' office parties and cookies.;Mo Rocca;christmas
I love the excess of Christmas. The shopping season that begins in September, the bad pop star recordings of Christmas carols, the decorations that don't know when to come down.;Mo Rocca;christmas
Christmas lights may be the loneliest thing for me, especially if you mix them up with reindeers and sleighs. I feel alone. I feel isolated. I feel I do not belong.;Mira Nair;christmas
I'm learning Spanish - I got Rosetta Stone for Christmas.;Karlie Kloss;christmas
What I'm not saying is that all government spending is bad. It's not - far, far from it, but there is no free lunch, as a former colleague of mine used to say. There is no public tooth fairy. Father Christmas does not work on the Treasury staff this year. You can never bail someone out of trouble without putting someone else into trouble.;Arthur Laffer;christmas
My grandson sees me as Lois on TV every Christmas, and that scores me points.;Margot Kidder;christmas
Actually, my mother and Alfie came for three weeks' Christmas vacation and stayed for 21 years. I guess my mother never went back because she was lonely.;Frank McCourt;christmas
We never really had any kind of a Christmas. This is one part where my memory fails me completely.;Frank McCourt;christmas
My mother accidentally gave me food poisoning. She fed me baby carrots for a snack before Christmas dinner - but they had expired in June! I threw up for the next 24 hours.;Busy Philipps;christmas
The pattern of a newspaperman's life is like the plot of 'Black Beauty.' Sometimes he finds a kind master who gives him a dry stall and an occasional bran mash in the form of a Christmas bonus, sometimes he falls into the hands of a mean owner who drives him in spite of spavins and expects him to live on potato peelings.;A. J. Liebling;christmas
You know, I started my career in politics in 1967. I'm not new to this. I did not just fall off the Christmas tree. I understand the world is complex. I know that there are people out there who want to hurt other people.;Dennis Kucinich;christmas
I was at the vice president's Christmas party. I thought that his speech was spectacular, and I knew that it was a very emotional and difficult thing for him to do, but I admonished him for not waiting just one more stinking day.;Bradley Whitford;christmas
Christmas is a time of year that's so romantic.;Katharine McPhee;christmas
My fondest memories are generally the day after Thanksgiving. I get the total decorating Christmas itch.;Katharine McPhee;christmas
My mother died of metastatic colorectal cancer shortly before three P.M. on Christmas Day of 2008. I don't know the exact time of her death, because none of us thought to look at a clock for a while after she stopped breathing.;Meghan O'Rourke;christmas
I'm going to take the kids away over Christmas but I don't, I've written 14 musicals now, I don't want to rush into doing something just for the sake of doing it. I want to do it when I find a story.;Andrew Lloyd Webber;christmas
May I share with you my earliest memory of a political row? It was with my mother, about the Queen - classic Freudian stuff, shrinks would say. I was eight, and refusing to watch the Queen's Christmas Day broadcast.;Alastair Campbell;christmas
Like my dad, I have a Christmas party most years. I like to celebrate and see as many people as possible.;Lauren Graham;christmas
My mother would give my brothers and me a pile of catalogues and let us pick what we wanted for Christmas.;Kary Mullis;christmas
Our last jam session was this past Christmas. Dad played his harmonica, mom sang in English and Italian, and I played guitar. I'm so happy that we could share that musical experience for one last time.;Tony Visconti;christmas
The best Christmas present I got from my husband was a week to do whatever I wanted.;Olivia Williams;christmas
I just travel all the time. And I was just looking at the schedules now and starting the first week of October I will be every weekend with somebody at tournaments through Christmas. So it gets very difficult to just go away and not do that.;Ivan Lendl;christmas
Now, a lot of what we are doing right now, quite frankly, is because of what happened on Christmas. Many of the things were kind of in the works. We were already planning, for example, the purchase and deployment of advanced imaging technology. You call them body scanners. We call them AITs (Advanced Imaging Technologies).;Janet Napolitano;christmas
My parents still treat Christmas like I'm thirteen years old.;Mike Shinoda;christmas
I was lucky enough to grow up in a home where I woke up Christmas morning and had toys. I know that's not the case with all people and I don't think kids should go without experiencing that sort of joy.;Lucy Hale;christmas
My favorite toy growing up was Polly Pocket. But one gift that I wanted though never received for Christmas was a pair of trampoline moon shoes. You strap them to your feet and they have springs on them, and you can just jump around!;Lucy Hale;christmas
I think we felt the pressure more at first than this time around. But still you don't want to let anyone down. I never even met Patrick until we had a Christmas party at Ian McKellen's house on the first movie and then I didn't see him again until the premiere.;Rebecca Romijn;christmas
Whatever he does should be seen as working at the Presidency and if he goes to Colorado for Christmas, it should be for a minimum amount of time, the family tradition and family get-together aspect emphasized, and it be seen as a working vacation.;Robert Teeter;christmas
I think we need one recognized, respected public figure to make a tough, blunt statement on just what Reagan's record is and what he might do to the country, let alone the Republican Party before Christmas.;Robert Teeter;christmas
My Christmas wish would be to have an entire week off. To spend it with my family and just curl up and watch Christmas movies when it's snowing outside.;David Hasselhoff;christmas
I actually share her view and understand her frustration when any government attempts to ban secular symbols like Santa Claus or Rudolph the Red Nose Reindeer or Christmas lights.;Steve Israel;christmas
And of course there's so much music in and around our family. I had a piano during Christmas because it's obviously useful through the season. There are so many people, songwriters, who are around.;Ashley Judd;christmas
It's hard and sometimes it's scary. It still amazes my mother. I went home for Christmas one year and there were fans all over the front lawn, hoping to see me.;Luke Perry;christmas
I had eight brothers and sisters. Every Christmas my younger brother Bobby would wake up extra early and open everybody's presents - everybody's - so by the time the rest of us got up, all the gifts were shredded, ribbons off, torn open and thrown aside.;Tommy Hilfiger;christmas
Christmas is taken very seriously in this household. I believe in Father Christmas, and there's no way I'd do anything to undermine that belief.;Carol Ann Duffy;christmas
For a Jewish guy, I've recorded a lot of Christmas albums.;Barry Manilow;christmas
First of all, I've been having a wonderful run of luck with cover albums, songs I didn't write. I had five pop cover albums and two Christmas albums, and they were all very successful.;Barry Manilow;christmas
From the time that I can remember, I worked to make money - either baby-sitting, or one year wrapping gifts at a department store at Christmas, so I could have my own money.;Christie Hefner;christmas
The unfortunate thing about working for yourself is that you have the worst boss in the world. I work every day of the year except at Christmas, when I work a half day.;David Eddings;christmas
Godot is whatever it is in life that you are waiting for: 'I'm waiting to win the lottery. I'm waiting to fall in love'. For me, as a child, it was Christmas. At least that eventually came.;Ian Mckellen;christmas
It's more like Christmas, you know, when you get a shot in that looks great and it's exactly what you want. It's a great feeling, and there's nothing like it.;Zack Snyder;christmas
Fantastic! Right in the middle of that long stretch between Christmas and Spring Break, your coats are getting dirty, everything's dark, dingy - what a great time for a movie!;John Hughes;christmas
A lot of sequins for New Year's! Red, green, white - I fail at all of that because I'm always in black. But for Christmas, I do love wearing cute dresses with tights and a pair of boots.;Ashley Benson;christmas
I'd like to do a Christmas album. I've never done a Christmas album.;Tanya Tucker;christmas
I was talking to one of my aunties at Christmas and she said she didn't think it was ever in my nature to go against the grain, that I was always a good boy. I think she was right - I did always want to be good.;James McAvoy;christmas
I never really did Christmas before. Christmas Day? I mean - what's that? What's it all about? I was always flying on Christmas Day.;Monica Seles;christmas
Did you know that Christmas Day is absolutely the best day to fly? It is. No crowded airports and crowded planes. I always flew to Australia. That's what Christmas was for me - a plane journey to the next tournament.;Monica Seles;christmas
I was thrilled one year when I was younger when not only did my brothers get hockey sticks for Christmas - but I did too!;Nancy Kerrigan;christmas
He put a ring in the toe of a stocking. On Christmas Eve, we opened our stockings and it was there at the bottom of the toe. Then he got down on his knees and he was shaking.;Kyra Sedgwick;christmas
A friend gave me a CD of the 'Pathetique' Symphony as a Christmas present. I went home, and I put on the CD expecting to listen to Tchaikovsky. But it started 'ta ta ta taaa.' It was too long for me. I didn't understand it at first, but then I fell in love, in love, in love.;Gustavo Dudamel;christmas
It will be a hard game if you think about winning a championship. We need to think about our own game at the moment and focus on getting good results especially over the Christmas period.;Dennis Bergkamp;christmas
I got a guitar when I was about 14, for a Christmas present, and went from there.;Robin Trower;christmas
In 1934, the American Jewish charities offered to find homes for 300 German refugee children. We were on the SS Washington, bound for New York, Christmas 1934.;Jack Steinberger;christmas
I'm a disorganized mess. My purse is gross: I once found a shoulder pad, string cheese, and a Christmas ornament in it!;Hoda Kotb;christmas
In the spring of 1994 I decided not to seek reelection to the Senate. I had made the decision 12 years earlier, Christmas Day of 1982, just after I had been first elected to a full term, that I would do the best I could for a limited time.;George J. Mitchell;christmas
My mother, she had a very good attitude toward money. I'm very grateful for the fact that we had to learn to save. I used to get like 50 pence a week, and I'd save it for like five months. And then I'd spend it on Christmas presents. I'd save up like eight pounds. It's nothing, but we did that.;Gemma Arterton;christmas
I got up one Christmas morning and we didn't have nothing to eat. We didn't have an apple, we didn't have an orange, we didn't have a cake, we didn't have nothing.;Muddy Waters;christmas
I stone got crazy when I saw somebody run down them strings with a bottleneck. My eyes lit up like a Christmas tree and I said that I had to learn.;Muddy Waters;christmas
I didn't know the full dimensions of forever, but I knew it was longer than waiting for Christmas to come.;Richard Brautigan;christmas
It is never too late to get into tennis! While I started playing at the age of 8 when my parents gave me a tennis racquet for Christmas, tennis is a lifelong sport that can be enjoyed by people of almost any age. It's also something you never forget once you learn.;Samantha Stosur;christmas
'The war in Iraq - if Osama was a Christian - it's the Christmas present he never would have expected.;Michael Scheuer;christmas
It's fun when you start a movie, because it's kind of like you get to go Christmas shopping... you get to make your wish list and you start thinking about what each character needs.;Spike Jonze;christmas
The next thing I wrote was in a writing class at night school. It was about a poor woman who worked at a dime store and who was all alone for Christmas in Laurel, Mississippi.;Beth Henley;christmas
It always depresses me when people moan about how commercial Christmas is. I love everything about it. The tradition of having this great big feast, slap bang in the middle of winter, is an essential thing to look forward to at the end of the year.;Richard E. Grant;christmas
I think the people who are making Christmas-themed movies today feel that people are more cynical about Christmas. There's more of an edge.;Leonard Maltin;christmas
A Christmas Carol is such a fool-proof story you can't louse it up.;Leonard Maltin;christmas
I made a Christmas album a couple of years ago and just put it out on my Web site. It kind of smacked of this flavor. All of the reviews said it was Western swing even when it was Christmas standards.;Suzy Bogguss;christmas
So many people release albums before Christmas and they get lost in the Christmas rush.;Bonnie Tyler;christmas
I've been in elementary education for years and my belief is that Christmas pageants in schools are little more than conditioning kids for the Christian religion.;Jack Bowman;christmas
Orphans, dead parents, lonely children at Christmas, morose spoken word recordings, everything you love about the holidays. Move the turkey over so you can fit your head in the oven.;April Winchell;christmas
I've taught fifth-year Christmas leavers last thing on a Friday afternoon. Basically, if you can face that you can face anything.;Johann Lamont;christmas
Music is my thing. It's my thing it's what I love. It's what I do. It's football to me it's Christmas to me religion to me poetry to me.;Ryan Adams;christmas
My father died when I was young and I was raised by my grandmother, Emma Klonjlaleh Brown. We could afford to eat chicken just once a year, on Christmas.;George Weah;christmas
When I was eight years old, I got a dummy for Christmas and started teaching myself. I got books and records and sat in front of the bathroom mirror, practising. I did my first show in the third grade and just kept going there was no reason to quit.;Jeff Dunham;christmas
I'm so depressed. Christmas is the worst of all. Holidays are terrible, worse than Sundays. I get melancholia.;David O. Selznick;christmas
We always had lutefisk for Christmas dinner, after which Dad read from the Norwegian Bible.;Peter Agre;christmas
I make personal appearances around the country. I'm starting a book tour now, and I may be coming to Toronto with the Learning Annex, which I'm doing all through the United States, so that may come up just before Christmas.;Burt Ward;christmas
I love all things Christmas.;Samantha Barks;christmas
I love cooking during Christmas, all smells like the hot apple cider, the hot spiced wine.;Amy Smart;christmas
South Park started as a little video Christmas card.;Joel Hodgson;christmas
The Earth reminded us of a Christmas tree ornament hanging in the blackness of space. As we got farther and farther away it diminished in size. Finally it shrank to the size of a marble, the most beautiful marble you can imagine.;James Irwin;christmas
I'm Jewish and my wife isn't so right now we're literally decorating a Christmas tree with Jewish stars draped around it.;Max Greenfield;christmas
Yeah, I started when I was 6 years old. My brother and sister would get all of these presents at Christmas time from the cast and crew of their show and I was jealous. So I decided that I had to become an actor.;Sara Gilbert;christmas
I loved 'White Christmas' for the music aspect. I was into musical theater.;Lana Parrilla;christmas
To understand this Christmas record, you have to understand our ministry.;John Tesh;christmas
Why not collect and clean chicken wishbones in the run-up to Christmas, spray them silver and use each to pinch together a white hem-stitch napkin?;Pippa Middleton;christmas
Lately I did a film called All I Want for Christmas and it was well received. This gave me a new point of view and a new respect for my work as an actress.;Sarah Polley;christmas
People have nannies and big cars, and they want to go to Maui for Christmas. When there are those kind of stakes involved, people get ruthless.;Amy Sherman-Palladino;christmas
So when I was 13, I basically left home and never returned and lived at home again. I would come home for a week at Christmas and two weeks in the summer only.;Peter Jurasik;christmas
I'm well-travelled so I can see places coming up. I went to St. Croix in the West Indies at Christmas and it had been hit by a really bad tornado. Values there have gone down but I guarantee they will be up again in eight years. So I'll get in now while it's cheap as chips.;Melanie Brown;christmas
Well, because I have twin seven-year-old boys, I enjoy the gift giving stuff a great deal. We do both Hanukkah and Christmas, so it is a costly, though extremely pleasing proposition.;Fred Melamed;christmas
Christmas albums are not something you do frequently.;Isaac Hanson;christmas
There are very few people who have done more than one Christmas album.;Isaac Hanson;christmas
A typical Christmas is me shucking oysters. I love them and I always get them in at Christmas.;Hugh Bonneville;christmas
During the holidays, everyone needs a break from studying for exams and Christmas shopping. I wanted to put together a diverse tour that rocks in many musical directions but always points to Christ.;TobyMac;christmas
I'm not going to put out a Christmas CD until it's coming out of me naturally.;TobyMac;christmas
Our whole family assembles in Chicago at Christmas and usually in Aspen in the summer.;James Cronin;christmas
Chum was a British boy's weekly which, at the end of the year was bound into a single huge book and the following Christmas parents bought it as Christmas presents for male children.;A. E. van Vogt;christmas
But Tammy Faye calls me, and Ron Jeremy calls me, Erik Estrada sends me a Christmas card every year.;Trishelle Cannatella;christmas
Besides the two Christmas things, we've got a about a dozen new tracks we're working on.;Chris Frantz;christmas
I used to know Jennifer Love Hewitt. We lived in the same apartment building when I was about... jeez, I guess it was when I was doing 'Christmas Vacation', so I was about 13 or 14.;Johnny Galecki;christmas
For me growing up, Christmas time was always the most fantastic, exciting time of year, and you'd stay up until three in the morning. You'd hear the parents wrapping in the other room but you knew that also, maybe, they were in collusion with Santa Claus.;Chris Pine;christmas
I grew up with the classics. My mom and I would sit and watch 'Singin' in the Rain' and 'White Christmas' - those kind of movies.;Lucas Grabeel;christmas
I started DJing, breakdancing and MCing in the '70s and I got my record deal in 1979 with 'Christmas Rap.';Kurtis Blow;christmas
I've also committed my time and resources to many local organizations like Christmas in April, Catholic Community Services, and Hudson County Meals on Wheels.;Vincent Frank;christmas
I've also just finished filming the role of Robert Brown in 'Just William,' which is due to transmit on BBC One at Christmas.;Harry Melling;christmas
In fact, I was one of the few trusted people that Lucy allowed to play with their kids. I spent time at their summer home, rode horses at their ranch, and swam at their beach house. I even spent a Christmas with them at Palm Springs one year.;Keith Thibodeaux;christmas
Dad bought me a toy drum one Christmas, and I eventually destroyed it. I wanted a real drum and he bought me a snare drum. Dad continued to buy me one drum after the other.;Keith Thibodeaux;christmas
I don't want to see people decorating a house or digging a garden. As for guys like Jonathan Ross, he got an award there last Christmas. What for? He doesn't sing, dance or tell jokes, does he?;Ian St. John;christmas
My Christmas present to myself each year is to see how much air travel can open up the world and take me to places as far from sheltered California and Japan as possible.;Pico Iyer;christmas
I intend to keep writing Christmas songs. There's still a lot more about Christmas that can be captured and feel like old-time Christmas. A lot of the traditions haven't been explained in song.;Clint Black;christmas
I might do 'X Factor' next year. It's looking good that I won't get the sack at Christmas.;Gary Barlow;christmas
Yes, my first memory of singing, in general, was of a Christmas song. And then listening to Christmas music was really the first music I was ever connected to.;Christina Perri;christmas
It felt very natural to me to write a Christmas song, but at the same time I had to really put all sorts of pressure aside and just let the creativity flow and see what came out.;Christina Perri;christmas
My mom is a really good cook. I didn't get the cooking gene, but she cooks this really amazing dinner every Christmas, and that's always really fun.;Miranda Cosgrove;christmas
Every Christmas now for years, I have found myself wondering about the point of the celebration. As the holiday has become more ecumenical and secular, it has lost much of the magic that I remember so fondly from childhood.;Whitley Strieber;christmas
The upheavals of adolescence silenced 'A Christmas Carol' for a few years. I became a firebrand atheist. Christmas - humbug! Too commercial! Then I became an agnostic. Christmas was a pro-forma affair, basically a chore. Buy mother a book, dad a new tie, my brother and sister small gifts. Pretend thanks for the fountain pens and shirts I received.;Whitley Strieber;christmas
I put the copy of 'A Christmas Carol' that my grandfather had first read to me 60 years ago on my desk, and I began to write. The result, for better or for worse, is the 'Christmas Spirits.' I plan to read it to my grandson.;Whitley Strieber;christmas
I wouldn't recommend young kids see 'Speedway Junkie.' It's definitely an age-appropriate movie - dark and realistic and edgy. If young kids want to see me, go see the Christmas movie.;Jonathan Taylor Thomas;christmas
In our racist, sexist society, Christmas is the 8 hours when we stop killing each other and gratutious over eating is encouraged so that the starving and other people in the world can die!;Lloyd Kaufman;christmas
No sane local official who has hung up an empty stocking over the municipal fireplace, is going to shoot Santa Claus just before a hard Christmas.;Alfred E. Smith;christmas
At school, there was an annual school disco and I'd be standing in my bedroom wondering what to wear for hours on end. Eventually I'd arrive at a decision that was just the most ridiculous costume you could have ever devised - I think it was probably knitted Christmas jumpers on top of buttoned-up white shirts.;Guy Berryman;christmas
Then, when I got in the military, I used to host - even in high school - I hosted the talent shows, and when I was in the military I would host all of our base Christmas parties and stuff.;Gary Owens;christmas
Windows are as essential to office prestige as Christmas is to retailing.;Enid Nemy;christmas
A man who was completely innocent, offered himself as a sacrifice for the good of others, including his enemies, and became the ransom of the world. It was a perfect act.;Mahatma Gandhi;easter
God proved His love on the Cross. When Christ hung, and bled, and died, it was God saying to the world, 'I love you.';Billy Graham;easter
We are told to let our light shine, and if it does, we won't need to tell anybody it does. Lighthouses don't fire cannons to call attention to their shining- they just shine.;Dwight L. Moody;easter
Do not abandon yourselves to despair. We are the Easter people and hallelujah is our song.;Pope John Paul II;easter
The great gift of Easter is hope - Christian hope which makes us have that confidence in God, in his ultimate triumph, and in his goodness and love, which nothing can shake.;Basil Hume;easter
People respond when you tell them there is a great future in front of you, you can leave your past behind.;Joel Osteen;easter
To a Christian, Easter Sunday means everything, when we celebrate the resurrection of Jesus Christ.;Bernhard Langer;easter
It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow.;Robert H. Schuller;easter
We were old sinners - but when we came to Christ we are not sinners anymore.;Joel Osteen;easter
The Bible tells us that Jesus Christ came to do three things. He came to have my past forgiven, you get a purpose for living and a home in Heaven.;Rick Warren;easter
God had brought me to my knees and made me acknowledge my own nothingness, and out of that knowledge I had been reborn. I was no longer the centre of my life and therefore I could see God in everything.;Bede Griffiths;easter
The Bible tells us that God will meet all our needs. He feeds the birds of the air and clothes the grass with the splendor of lilies. How much more, then, will He care for us, who are made in His image? Our only concern is to obey the heavenly Father and leave the consequences to Him.;Charles Stanley;easter
The symbolic language of the crucifixion is the death of the old paradigm resurrection is a leap into a whole new way of thinking.;Deepak Chopra;easter
Love always involves responsibility, and love always involves sacrifice. And we do not really love Christ unless we are prepared to face His task and to take up His Cross.;William Barclay;easter
Easter is very important to me, it's a second chance.;Reba McEntire;easter
I know that many of you do wear such a cross of Christ, not in any ostentatious way, not in a way that might harm you at your work or recreation, but a simple indication that you value the role of Jesus Christ in the history of the world, that you are trying to live by Christ's standards in your own daily life.;Keith O'Brien;easter
The first thing that stuck in the minds of the disciples was not the empty tomb, but rather the empty grave clothes - undisturbed in form and position.;Josh McDowell;easter
I believe in one God, the first and great cause of goodness. I also believe in Jesus Christ, the rebirth of the world. I also believe in the Holy Ghost, the comforter.;Daniel Morgan;easter
The primary source of the appeal of Christianity was Jesus - His incarnation, His life, His crucifixion, and His resurrection.;Kenneth Scott Latourette;easter
My mom used to say that Greek Easter was later because then you get stuff cheaper.;Amy Sedaris;easter
Continuing a Lenten series on prayer: Prayer is co-operation with God. It is the purest exercise of the faculties God has given us - an exercise that links these faculties with the Maker to work out the intentions He had in mind in their creation.;E. Stanley Jones;easter
At one time I smoked, but in 1959 I couldn't think of anything else to give up for Lent so I stopped - and I haven't had a cigarette since.;Ethel Merman;easter
Christ appeared alive on several occasions after the cataclysmic events of that first Easter.;Josh McDowell;easter
I have always wanted a bunny and I'll always have a rabbit the rest of my life.;Amy Sedaris;easter
To see how Christ was prophesied and described therein, consider and mark, how that the kid or lamb must be with out spot or blemish and so was Christ only of all mankind, in the sight of God and of his law.;William Tyndale;easter
Here is the amazing thing about Easter the Resurrection Sunday for Christians is this, that Christ in the dying moments on the cross gives us the greatest illustration of forgiveness possible.;T. D. Jakes;easter
What do you mean you don't believe in homosexuality? It's not like the Easter Bunny, your belief isn't necessary.;Lea DeLaria;easter
I loved raising my kids. I loved the process, the dirt of it, the tears of it, the frustration of it, Christmas, Easter, birthdays, growth charts, pediatrician appointments. I loved all of it.;Jane Elliot;easter
I don't really care what people tell children - when you believe in Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy, one more fib won't hurt. But I am infuriated by the growing notion, posited in some touchy-feely quarters, that all women are, or can be, beautiful.;Julie Burchill;easter
Most people outside of America won't get it. It's the Easter bunny. It's another lie and I don't understand why we had to invent this character.;Todd Rundgren;easter
A strangely reflective, even melancholy day. Is that because, unlike our cousins in the northern hemisphere, Easter is not associated with the energy and vitality of spring but with the more subdued spirit of autumn?;Hugh Mackay;easter
Passover and Easter are the only Jewish and Christian holidays that move in sync, like the ice skating pairs we saw during the winter Olympics.;Marvin Olasky;easter
I had my boy in Boston on Easter Sunday. That kills me, from a sports perspective. He's a Boston baby and I'm a New York guy.;Kevin James;easter
I cooked at the White House for Easter, last year, with Michelle Obama. But it more had to do with cooking from the organic garden, and her message. I took my daughter and granddaughter there, and they were really charming, it was great.;Jacques Pepin;easter
God expects from men something more than at such times, and that it were much to be wished for the credit of their religion as well as the satisfaction of their conscience that their Easter devotions would in some measure come up to their Easter dress.;Robert South;easter
Do we believe that there is equal economic opportunity out there in the real world, right now, for each and every one of these groups? If we believed in the tooth fairy, if we believed in the Easter Bunny, we might well believe that.;William Weld;easter
We were taking collections for people with AIDS in New York around Easter.;Chita Rivera;easter
And it is always Easter Sunday at the New York City Ballet. It is always coming back to life. Not even coming back to life - it lives in the constant present.;John Guare;easter
I am very proud of this work because it is more about the meaning of the Easter Rising and its relationship to what this whole century has been about, people liberating themselves, freeing themselves.;Leon Uris;easter
I'm Jewish, so I don't know much about Easter eggs.;Simon Kinberg;easter
Easter is reflecting upon suffering for one thing, but it also reflects upon Jesus and his non compliance in the face of great authority where he holds to his truth - so there's two stories there.;Michael Leunig;easter
When a father gives to his son, both laugh when a son gives to his father, both cry.;William Shakespeare;fathersday
It is a wise father that knows his own child.;William Shakespeare;fathersday
Dad, wherever you are, you are gone but you will never be forgotten.;Conrad Hall;fathersday
You don't have to deserve your mother's love. You have to deserve your father's.;Robert Frost;fathersday
To a father growing old nothing is dearer than a daughter.;Euripides;fathersday
Dad taught me everything I know. Unfortunately, he didn't teach me everything he knows.;Al Unser;fathersday
A man knows when he is growing old because he begins to look like his father.;Gabriel Garcia Marquez;fathersday
I decided in my life that I would do nothing that did not reflect positively on my father's life.;Sidney Poitier;fathersday
One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters.;George Herbert;fathersday
It doesn't matter who my father was it matters who I remember he was.;Anne Sexton;fathersday
Being a father helps me be more responsible... you see more things than you've ever seen.;Kid Rock;fathersday
I'm a father that's what matters most. Nothing matters more.;Gordon Brown;fathersday
To be as good as our fathers we must be better, imitation is not discipleship.;Wendell Phillips;fathersday
I would want my legacy to be that I was a great son, father and friend.;Dante Hall;fathersday
Our fathers had their dreams we have ours the generation that follows will have its own. Without dreams and phantoms man cannot exist.;Olive Schreiner;fathersday
My fellow Americans, ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country.;John F. Kennedy;memorialday
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.;Mark Twain;memorialday
Guard against the impostures of pretended patriotism.;George Washington;memorialday
I love America more than any other country in this world, and, exactly for this reason, I insist on the right to criticize her perpetually.;James A. Baldwin;memorialday
A man's country is not a certain area of land, of mountains, rivers, and woods, but it is a principle and patriotism is loyalty to that principle.;George William Curtis;memorialday
Memorial Day this year is especially important as we are reminded almost daily of the great sacrifices that the men and women of the Armed Services make to defend our way of life.;Robin Hayes;memorialday
I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country.;Nathan Hale;memorialday
As America celebrates Memorial Day, we pay tribute to those who have given their lives in our nation's wars.;John M. McHugh;memorialday
There is nothing wrong with America that cannot be cured with what is right in America.;William J. Clinton;memorialday
Patriotism consists not in waving the flag, but in striving that our country shall be righteous as well as strong.;James Bryce;memorialday
On what rests the hope of the republic? One country, one language, one flag!;Alexander Henry;memorialday
These fallen heroes represent the character of a nation who has a long history of patriotism and honor - and a nation who has fought many battles to keep our country free from threats of terror.;Michael N. Castle;memorialday
Man is a military animal, glories in gunpowder, and loves parade.;Philip James Bailey;memorialday
I have long believed that sacrifice is the pinnacle of patriotism.;Bob Riley;memorialday
There's intense national feeling in America that could be called patriotism.;Michael Ignatieff;memorialday
The average American is nothing if not patriotic.;Herbert Croly;memorialday
True patriotism isn't cheap. It's about taking on a fair share of the burden of keeping America going.;Robert Reich;memorialday
Patriotism was a living fire of unquestioned belief and purpose.;Frank Knox;memorialday
There are no points of the compass on the chart of true patriotism.;Robert Charles Winthrop;memorialday
137 years later, Memorial Day remains one of America's most cherished patriotic observances. The spirit of this day has not changed - it remains a day to honor those who died defending our freedom and democracy.;Doc Hastings;memorialday
I am going to take something I learned over in Israel. Their Independence Day is preceded the 24 hours before with Memorial Day, so it gives them a chance to serve and reflect and then celebrate. I am going to try to start that tradition here in America.;Glenn Beck;memorialday
While there are towns and cities still planning Memorial Day parades, many have not held a parade in decades. Some think the day is for honoring anyone who has died, not just those fallen in service to our country.;Allen West;memorialday
Nowadays, many Americans have forgotten the meaning and traditions of Memorial Day. At cemeteries across the country, the graves of the fallen are sadly ignored, and worse, neglected.;Allen West;memorialday
From 1971 onwards, the Memorial Day holiday was officially observed on the last Monday in May and became the unofficial start of the summer, with barbecues, blockbuster movie openings and mattress sales.;Allen West;memorialday
On Memorial Day, I was out floating on Lake Norman and came across Denny Hamlin. We struck up a conversation, and one of the first things we were talking about was how much it helped him when he started racing the Cup car and how much it helped his Nationwide program.;Danica Patrick;memorialday
Ceremonies are important. But our gratitude has to be more than visits to the troops, and once-a-year Memorial Day ceremonies. We honor the dead best by treating the living well.;Jennifer M. Granholm;memorialday
On Memorial Day, I don't want to only remember the combatants. There were also those who came out of the trenches as writers and poets, who started preaching peace, men and women who have made this world a kinder place to live.;Eric Burdon;memorialday
While tributes to Americans who had lost their lives in battle had been held in a number of towns across the nation, one of the more well-known stories about the beginnings of Memorial Day is the story about General John Logan.;John Linder;memorialday
It's always the generals with the bloodiest records who are the first to shout what a hell it is. And it's always the war widows who lead the Memorial Day parades.;Paddy Chayefsky;memorialday
All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother.;Abraham Lincoln;mothersday
I remember my mother's prayers and they have always followed me. They have clung to me all my life.;Abraham Lincoln;mothersday
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother.;Theodore Hesburgh;mothersday
Mother is the name for God in the lips and hearts of little children.;William Makepeace Thackeray;mothersday
A mother's arms are made of tenderness and children sleep soundly in them.;Victor Hugo;mothersday
God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers.;Rudyard Kipling;mothersday
Mother's love is peace. It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved.;Erich Fromm;mothersday
I got to grow up with a mother who taught me to believe in me.;Antonio Villaraigosa;mothersday
Children are the anchors of a mother's life.;Sophocles;mothersday
A mother's happiness is like a beacon, lighting up the future but reflected also on the past in the guise of fond memories.;Honore de Balzac;mothersday
Life began with waking up and loving my mother's face.;George Eliot;mothersday
The babe at first feeds upon the mother's bosom, but it is always on her heart.;Henry Ward Beecher;mothersday
Mama was my greatest teacher, a teacher of compassion, love and fearlessness. If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother is that sweet flower of love.;Stevie Wonder;mothersday
When my mother had to get dinner for 8 she'd just make enough for 16 and only serve half.;Gracie Allen;mothersday
The love of a mother is the veil of a softer light between the heart and the heavenly Father.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;mothersday
There is nothing in the world of art like the songs mother used to sing.;Billy Sunday;mothersday
Motherhood: All love begins and ends there.;Robert Browning;mothersday
Sometimes the strength of motherhood is greater than natural laws.;Barbara Kingsolver;mothersday
With what price we pay for the glory of motherhood.;Isadora Duncan;mothersday
Motherhood is... difficult and... rewarding.;Gloria Estefan;mothersday
I was always at peace because of the way my mom treated me.;Martina Hingis;mothersday
My mother is a walking miracle.;Leonardo DiCaprio;mothersday
My mom is definitely my rock.;Alicia Keys;mothersday
Who's a boy gonna talk to if not his mother?;Donald E. Westlake;mothersday
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;newyears
Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties.;Helen Keller;newyears
Come, gentlemen, I hope we shall drink down all unkindness.;William Shakespeare;newyears
Sometimes too much to drink is barely enough.;Mark Twain;newyears
New Year's Resolution: To tolerate fools more gladly, provided this does not encourage them to take up more of my time.;James Agate;newyears
Let our New Year's resolution be this: we will be there for one another as fellow members of humanity, in the finest sense of the word.;Goran Persson;newyears
Resolution One: I will live for God. Resolution Two: If no one else does, I still will.;Jonathan Edwards;newyears
All of us every single year, we're a different person. I don't think we're the same person all our lives.;Steven Spielberg;newyears
I never worry about being driven to drink I just worry about being driven home.;W. C. Fields;newyears
Character is the ability to carry out a good resolution long after the excitement of the moment has passed.;Cavett Robert;newyears
First you take a drink, then the drink takes a drink, then the drink takes you.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;newyears
If you are young and you drink a great deal it will spoil your health, slow your mind, make you fat - in other words, turn you into an adult.;P. J. O'Rourke;newyears
If you want an interesting party sometime, combine cocktails and a fresh box of crayons for everyone.;Robert Fulghum;newyears
Celebrate what you want to see more of.;Tom Peters;newyears
I have no way of knowing how people really feel, but the vast majority of those I meet couldn't be nicer. Every once in a while someone barks at me. My New Year's resolution is not to bark back.;Tucker Carlson;newyears
I don't even drink! I can't stand the taste of alcohol. Every New Year's Eve I try one drink and every time it makes me feel sick. So I don't touch booze - I'm always the designated driver.;Kim Kardashian;newyears
At a dinner party one should eat wisely but not too well, and talk well but not too wisely.;W. Somerset Maugham;newyears
Good parties create a temporary youthfulness.;Mason Cooley;newyears
I get half a million just to show up at parties. My life is, like, really, really fun.;Paris Hilton;newyears
If you asked me for my New Year Resolution, it would be to find out who I am.;Cyril Cusack;newyears
Those who gave thee a body, furnished it with weakness but He who gave thee Soul, armed thee with resolution. Employ it, and thou art wise be wise and thou art happy.;Akhenaton;newyears
I doubt if you can have a truly wild party without liquor.;Carl Sandburg;newyears
To have the kind of year you want to have, something has to happen that you can't explain why it happened. Something has to happen that you can't coach.;Bobby Bowden;newyears
Dinner was made for eating, not for talking.;William Makepeace Thackeray;newyears
I know. I'm lazy. But I made myself a New Years resolution that I would write myself something really special. Which means I have 'til December, right?;Catherine O'Hara;newyears
Each age has deemed the new-born year the fittest time for festal cheer.;Walter Scott;newyears
What is there more kindly than the feeling between host and guest?;Aeschylus;newyears
A year from now, you're gonna weigh more or less than what you do right now.;Phil McGraw;newyears
Deep breaths are very helpful at shallow parties.;Barbara Walters;newyears
To be an ideal guest, stay at home.;E. W. Howe;newyears
I've had some lovely extraordinary experiences on New Year's Eve.;Debbie Harry;newyears
Going to a party, for me, is as much a learning experience as, you know, sitting in a lecture.;Natalie Portman;newyears
Accept what people offer. Drink their milkshakes. Take their love.;Wally Lamb;newyears
My parents used to throw great New Year's Eve parties. They invited such an eclectic mix of showbiz people. All those cool people were always hanging out at our apartment.;Ben Stiller;newyears
Strange to see how a good dinner and feasting reconciles everybody.;Samuel Pepys;newyears
I like to go to parties where I know everyone. How are you going to have fun with people you don't know?;Mary-Kate Olsen;newyears
We have always found the Irish a bit odd. They refuse to be English.;Winston Churchill;saintpatricksday
Being Irish, he had an abiding sense of tragedy, which sustained him through temporary periods of joy.;William Butler Yeats;saintpatricksday
Love is never defeated, and I could add, the history of Ireland proves it.;Pope John Paul II;saintpatricksday
If it was raining soup, the Irish would go out with forks.;Brendan Behan;saintpatricksday
Being Irish is very much a part of who I am. I take it everywhere with me.;Colin Farrell;saintpatricksday
Geographically, Ireland is a medium-sized rural island that is slowly but steadily being consumed by sheep.;Dave Barry;saintpatricksday
Some mornings you wake up and think, gee I look handsome today. Other days I think, what am I doing in the movies? I wanna go back to Ireland and drive a forklift.;Liam Neeson;saintpatricksday
Every St. Patrick's Day every Irishman goes out to find another Irishman to make a speech to.;Shane Leslie;saintpatricksday
Ireland sober is Ireland stiff.;James Joyce;saintpatricksday
That's what the holidays are for - for one person to tell the stories and another to dispute them. Isn't that the Irish way?;Lara Flynn Boyle;saintpatricksday
There is no language like the Irish for soothing and quieting.;John Millington Synge;saintpatricksday
A lot of Irish people perform. They perform in drawing rooms. They sing songs and they play piano.;Fiona Shaw;saintpatricksday
Be thankful for what you have you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.;Oprah Winfrey;thanksgiving
I celebrated Thanksgiving in an old-fashioned way. I invited everyone in my neighborhood to my house, we had an enormous feast, and then I killed them and took their land.;Jon Stewart;thanksgiving
The thankful receiver bears a plentiful harvest.;William Blake;thanksgiving
Gratitude is the inward feeling of kindness received. Thankfulness is the natural impulse to express that feeling. Thanksgiving is the following of that impulse.;Henry Van Dyke;thanksgiving
Thanksgiving dinners take eighteen hours to prepare. They are consumed in twelve minutes. Half-times take twelve minutes. This is not coincidence.;Erma Bombeck;thanksgiving
To give thanks in solitude is enough. Thanksgiving has wings and goes where it must go. Your prayer knows much more about it than you do.;Victor Hugo;thanksgiving
There is one day that is ours. Thanksgiving Day is the one day that is purely American.;O. Henry;thanksgiving
If you are really thankful, what do you do? You share.;W. Clement Stone;thanksgiving
Dear Lord we beg but one boon more: Peace in the hearts of all men living, peace in the whole world this Thanksgiving.;Joseph Auslander;thanksgiving
My cooking is so bad my kids thought Thanksgiving was to commemorate Pearl Harbor.;Phyllis Diller;thanksgiving
Best of all is it to preserve everything in a pure, still heart, and let there be for every pulse a thanksgiving, and for every breath a song.;Konrad von Gesner;thanksgiving
For what I have received may the Lord make me truly thankful. And more truly for what I have not received.;Storm Jameson;thanksgiving
Thanksgiving, man. Not a good day to be my pants.;Kevin James;thanksgiving
It is now common knowledge that the average American gains 7 pounds between Thanksgiving and New Year's Day.;Marilu Henner;thanksgiving
Even though we're a week and a half away from Thanksgiving, it's beginning to look a lot like Christmas.;Richard Roeper;thanksgiving
I'm thankful for every moment.;Al Green;thanksgiving
If you think Independence Day is America's defining holiday, think again. Thanksgiving deserves that title, hands-down.;Tony Snow;thanksgiving
If a fellow isn't thankful for what he's got, he isn't likely to be thankful for what he's going to get.;Frank A. Clark;thanksgiving
An optimist is a person who starts a new diet on Thanksgiving Day.;Irv Kupcinet;thanksgiving
Drink and be thankful to the host! What seems insignificant when you have it, is important when you need it.;Franz Grillparzer;thanksgiving
Thanksgiving is a time when the world gets to see just how blessed and how workable the Christian system is. The emphasis is not on giving or buying, but on being thankful and expressing that appreciation to God and to one another.;John Clayton;thanksgiving
Pride slays thanksgiving, but a humble mind is the soil out of which thanks naturally grow. A proud man is seldom a grateful man, for he never thinks he gets as much as he deserves.;Henry Ward Beecher;thanksgiving
On Thanksgiving I will stop to give thanks that my family is safe and healthy, especially because I realize that, following the tragedies of this year, it is all too real a possibility that they might not have been.;Bobby Jindal;thanksgiving
My restaurants are never opened on Thanksgiving I want my staff to spend time with their family if they can. My feeling is, if I can't figure out how to make money the rest of the year so that my workers can enjoy the holidays, then I don't deserve to be an owner.;Michael Symon;thanksgiving
If you think about a Thanksgiving dinner, it's really like making a large chicken.;Ina Garten;thanksgiving
I love chicken. I would eat chicken fingers on Thanksgiving if it were socially acceptable.;Todd Barry;thanksgiving
A lot of Thanksgiving days have been ruined by not carving the turkey in the kitchen.;Kin Hubbard;thanksgiving
From too much love of living, From hope and fear set free, We thank with brief thanksgiving Whatever gods may be That no life lives for ever That dead men rise up never That even the weariest river Winds somewhere safe to sea.;Algernon Charles Swinburne;thanksgiving
The truth is the Super Bowl long ago became more than just a football game. It's part of our culture like turkey at Thanksgiving and lights at Christmas, and like those holidays beyond their meaning, a factor in our economy.;Bob Schieffer;thanksgiving
Christians were instructed to serve others, and the thanksgiving was for the grace of God and the fact that God offered a way for man to return to a positive relationship with Him.;John Clayton;thanksgiving
It's like being at the kids' table at Thanksgiving - you can put your elbows on it, you don't have to talk politics... no matter how old I get, there's always a part of me that's sitting there.;John Hughes;thanksgiving
Christmas is more stressful with present buying and making sure everyone gets included, but Thanksgiving is really not that. I don't ever really get stressed out about the food.;Sandra Lee;thanksgiving
My whole problem is that all of my favorite things at Thanksgiving are the starches, and everyone is trying to go low-carb this year, even a green vegetable has carbs in it.;Ted Allen;thanksgiving
Over the Thanksgiving holiday I took time to reflect on what is most important to me and realized I need to find a way to put the fun back into racing.;Kurt Busch;thanksgiving
It's so warm now, and Thanksgiving came so early - is it just me, or does it not really feel like Ramadan?;David Letterman;thanksgiving
There is no racial or ethnic involvement in Thanksgiving, and people who may be very distant from the Christian system can see the beauty and the positive spirit that comes from the holiday.;John Clayton;thanksgiving
Black Friday is not another bad hair day in Wall Street. It's the term used by American retailers to describe the day after the Thanksgiving Holiday, seen as the semi-official start of Christmas shopping season.;Evan Davis;thanksgiving
Not to sound too much like Christopher Guest in 'Waiting for Guffman,' but on Thanksgiving you're putting on a show!;Ted Allen;thanksgiving
As a kid, I was always mad - just noticing the women at Thanksgiving, running around the kitchen, while the men were watching football. For one, I don't want to cook, and for two, I hate football. I was stuck in the middle.;Beth Ditto;thanksgiving
As much as I love crisp, clean whites, there's always a time for rich but balanced Chardonnays with oak, especially at Thanksgiving.;Gary Vaynerchuk;thanksgiving
I love Halloween, trick or treating and decorating the house. And I love Thanksgiving, because of the football and the fall weather. And of course, I love Christmas - that's my favorite of all!;Joe Nichols;thanksgiving
Christmas is the antithesis of Thanksgiving. Christmas is pretty much a man-made holiday.;John Clayton;thanksgiving
Thanksgiving is a season that is very much in accord with the themes and teachings of Jesus Christ.;John Clayton;thanksgiving
I absolutely adore Thanksgiving. It's the only holiday I insist on making myself.;Ina Garten;thanksgiving
As governor, when I visited our troops in Kuwait and Iraq, I served them Thanksgiving dinner. It was a small gesture compared to their sacrifice.;Jennifer M. Granholm;thanksgiving
My favorite meal is turkey and mashed potatoes. I love Thanksgiving, it's just my favorite. I can have Thanksgiving all year round.;Cindy Margolis;thanksgiving
I don't think any other holiday embraces the food of the Midwest quite like Thanksgiving. There's roasted meat and mashed potatoes. But being here is also about heritage. Cleveland is really a giant melting pot - not only is my family a melting pot, but so is the city.;Michael Symon;thanksgiving
I never drank except a couple sips of wine at Thanksgiving.;Carol Alt;thanksgiving
The craft Emmys are kind of the kids' table at Thanksgiving. You're not really invited to the big dance. It's still really, really exciting, and the statue still counts.;Hank Azaria;thanksgiving
My fondest memories are generally the day after Thanksgiving. I get the total decorating Christmas itch.;Katharine McPhee;thanksgiving
I've spent a lot of Thanksgivings on the road with my band, so anytime that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family in a traditional aspect, eating sweet potatoes and cranberries and stuffing and all the trappings of Thanksgiving and then get on a treadmill the next day extra long, I'm happy.;Richie Sambora;thanksgiving
I am so excited this year getting to play the 85th Anniversary Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. Everyone knows on Thanksgiving morning to get up, turn on the TV and watch the parade, so to be an actual participant is going to be fun and I'm looking forward to it. I am gonna have to put on my deer hunting gear, though, to stay warm!;Rodney Atkins;thanksgiving
Always expect the unexpected. Right around Thanksgiving, when the new Alex Cross will be out. It's called Four Blind Mice and it's a pretty amazing story about several murders inside the military.;James Patterson;thanksgiving
Thanksgiving is nothing but a toast to genocide.;Stephen Evans;thanksgiving
Something I didn't even know was on my bucket list has been achieved. I have cooked Thanksgiving dinner with Martha Stewart. I vow to follow the gospel of her teachings and do my very best in the remarkably less glamorous kitchen of my own home... without the luxury of magically appearing prep bowls filled by a staff of sous chefs.;Jesse Tyler Ferguson;thanksgiving
I think I'm going to give my baby her first food on Thanksgiving, make her some organic sweet potato. I'm very excited! It's going to be a big day and my husband is in charge of the turkey - he's the chef of the family!;Lily Aldridge;thanksgiving
The act is unjustifiable that either begs for a blessing, or, having succeeded gives no thanksgiving.;Merle Shain;thanksgiving
In our family, mom and dad are Longhorns, our first two kids are Aggies and we're hoping our last one is a Longhorn. It gives us family fun on Thanksgiving Day.;Bob Wells;thanksgiving
I have nothing against turkey. We eat turkey for Thanksgiving in my house.;Marc Forgione;thanksgiving
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love.;Maya Angelou;valentinesday
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.;Charles M. Schulz;valentinesday
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.;Coco Chanel;valentinesday
The heart has its reasons of which reason knows nothing.;Blaise Pascal;valentinesday
The best smell in the world is that man that you love.;Jennifer Aniston;valentinesday
Love will find a way through paths where wolves fear to prey.;Lord Byron;valentinesday
A friendship that like love is warm A love like friendship, steady.;Thomas Moore;valentinesday
Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.;Christopher Marlowe;valentinesday
I'll love you, dear, I'll love you till China and Africa meet and the river jumps over the mountain and the salmon sing in the street.;W. H. Auden;valentinesday
It is better to have loved and lost than never to have lost at all.;Samuel Butler;valentinesday
A heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others.;Frank Morgan;valentinesday
I'd rather have roses on my table than diamonds on my neck.;Emma Goldman;valentinesday
Where there is great love, there are always wishes.;Willa Cather;valentinesday
The Eskimos had fifty-two names for snow because it was important to them: there ought to be as many for love.;Margaret Atwood;valentinesday
Husbands are like fires - they go out when they're left unattended.;Cher;valentinesday
True love comes quietly, without banners or flashing lights. If you hear bells, get your ears checked.;Erich Segal;valentinesday
Now a soft kiss - Aye, by that kiss, I vow an endless bliss.;John Keats;valentinesday
Today is Valentine's Day - or, as men like to call it, Extortion Day!;Jay Leno;valentinesday
Kisses are a better fate than wisdom.;e. e. cummings;valentinesday
I love romance. I'm a sucker for it. I love it so much. It's pathetic.;Drew Barrymore;valentinesday
Sometimes I'm so sweet even I can't stand it.;Julie Andrews;valentinesday
I want a man who's kind and understanding. Is that too much to ask of a millionaire?;Zsa Zsa Gabor;valentinesday
I love bringing roses to a woman when she least expects it.;Esai Morales;valentinesday
So, fall asleep love, loved by me... for I know love, I am loved by thee.;Robert Browning;valentinesday
The last time I saw him he was walking down lover's lane holding his own hand.;Fred Allen;valentinesday
Soul meets soul on lovers' lips.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;valentinesday
I'd kiss a frog even if there was no promise of a Prince Charming popping out of it. I love frogs.;Cameron Diaz;valentinesday
Some women flirt more with what they say, and some with what they do.;Anna Held;valentinesday
I'm into all that sappy stuff - a surprise picnic, nice dinner, or traveling. I'm kind of an old romantic.;Will Estes;valentinesday
It's better to have loved and lost than to have to do forty pounds of laundry a week.;Laurence J. Peter;valentinesday
We don't believe in rheumatism and true love until after the first attack.;Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach;valentinesday
How sweet it is!;Jackie Gleason;valentinesday
We are each of us angels with only one wing, and we can only fly by embracing one another.;Luciano De Crescenzo;valentinesday
Everything's coming up roses - for me.;Ethel Merman;valentinesday
In a recent Valentine's Day posting on her fan website, Britney Spears says that - oh, who cares?;Amy Poehler;valentinesday
I'm like the kid in kindergarten I really do send valentines to everyone.;Susie Bright;valentinesday
I like perfume and flowers.;Donatella Versace;valentinesday
Look, there's no metaphysics on earth like chocolates.;Fernando Pessoa;valentinesday
Love is when the desire to be desired takes you so badly that you feel you could die of it.;Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec;valentinesday
I'm a laugh tart. I make no secret of that fact.;Hugh Grant;valentinesday
I used to be a hopeless romantic - I fell in love with everyone I went out with.;Jeremy London;valentinesday
Working with Julie Andrews is like getting hit over the head with a valentine.;Christopher Plummer;valentinesday
