Knowledge is love and light and vision.;Helen Keller;love
Love sought is good, but given unsought, is better.;William Shakespeare;love
I guess I have always been deeply terrified to really be someone's wife since I know from life one cannot love another, ever, really.;Marilyn Monroe;love
Who could refrain that had a heart to love and in that heart courage to make love known?;William Shakespeare;love
The game of basketball has been everything to me. My place of refuge, place I've always gone where I needed comfort and peace. It's been the site of intense pain and the most intense feelings of joy and satisfaction. It's a relationship that has evolved over time, given me the greatest respect and love for the game.;Michael Jordan;love
I have a very strong feeling that the opposite of love is not hate - it's apathy. It's not giving a damn.;Leo Buscaglia;love
We can't command our love, but we can our actions.;Arthur Conan Doyle;love
One advantage of marriage is that, when you fall out of love with him or he falls out of love with you, it keeps you together until you fall in again.;Judith Viorst;love
If you want to be successful, it's just this simple. Know what you are doing. Love what you are doing. And believe in what you are doing.;Will Rogers;love
Politics is such a torment that I advise everyone I love not to mix with it.;Thomas Jefferson;love
Justice that love gives is a surrender, justice that law gives is a punishment.;Mahatma Gandhi;love
Find joy in everything you choose to do. Every job, relationship, home... it's your responsibility to love it, or change it.;Chuck Palahniuk;love
Speak low, if you speak love.;William Shakespeare;love
I'm not claiming divinity. I've never claimed purity of soul. I've never claimed to have the answers to life. I only put out songs and answer questions as honestly as I can... But I still believe in peace, love and understanding.;John Lennon;love
True love doesn't happen right away it's an ever-growing process. It develops after you've gone through many ups and downs, when you've suffered together, cried together, laughed together.;Ricardo Montalban;love
This is one of the miracles of love: It gives a power of seeing through its own enchantments and yet not being disenchanted.;C. S. Lewis;love
The best smell in the world is that man that you love.;Jennifer Aniston;love
Love one another, but make not a bond of love: Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls.;Khalil Gibran;love
Love is blind friendship closes its eyes.;Friedrich Nietzsche;love
Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish it's source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings.;Anais Nin;love
I do all the evil I can before I learn to shun it? Is it not enough to know the evil to shun it? If not, we should be sincere enough to admit that we love evil too well to give it up.;Mahatma Gandhi;love
Love is too young to know what conscience is.;William Shakespeare;love
What light is to the eyes - what air is to the lungs - what love is to the heart, liberty is to the soul of man.;Robert Green Ingersoll;love
Love will find a way through paths where wolves fear to prey.;Lord Byron;love
A friendship that like love is warm A love like friendship, steady.;Thomas Moore;love
Respect is what we owe love, what we give.;Philip James Bailey;love
Love is not love that alters when it alteration finds.;William Shakespeare;love
Where love is, there God is also.;Mahatma Gandhi;love
All you need is love.;John Lennon;love
Women love us for our defects. If we have enough of them, they will forgive us everything, even our gigantic intellects.;Oscar Wilde;love
No matter how dark the moment, love and hope are always possible.;George Chakiris;love
When a man has once loved a woman he will do anything for her except continue to love her.;Oscar Wilde;love
Hatred is blind, as well as love.;Oscar Wilde;love
Who will tell whether one happy moment of love or the joy of breathing or walking on a bright morning and smelling the fresh air, is not worth all the suffering and effort which life implies.;Erich Fromm;love
The love of heaven makes one heavenly.;William Shakespeare;love
Love cannot save you from your own fate.;Jim Morrison;love
Love is the answer, and you know that for sure Love is a flower, you've got to let it grow.;John Lennon;love
If we love our country, we should also love our countrymen.;Ronald Reagan;love
They do not love that do not show their love.;William Shakespeare;love
Man's nature is not essentially evil. Brute nature has been know to yield to the influence of love. You must never despair of human nature.;Mahatma Gandhi;love
There is always something ridiculous about the emotions of people whom one has ceased to love.;Oscar Wilde;love
I'm an introvert... I love being by myself, love being outdoors, love taking a long walk with my dogs and looking at the trees, flowers, the sky.;Audrey Hepburn;love
Those whom the gods love grow young.;Oscar Wilde;love
Presents don't really mean much to me. I don't want to sound mawkish, but - it was the realization that I have a great many people in my life who really love me, and who I really love.;Gabriel Byrne;love
Flatter me, and I may not believe you. Criticize me, and I may not like you. Ignore me, and I may not forgive you. Encourage me, and I will not forget you. Love me and I may be forced to love you.;William Arthur Ward;love
Is it not enough to know the evil to shun it? If not, we should be sincere enough to admit that we love evil too well to give it up.;Mahatma Gandhi;love
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.;Washington Irving;love
Do you know what it means to come home at night to a woman who'll give you a little love, a little affection, a little tenderness? It means you're in the wrong house, that's what it means.;Henny Youngman;love
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love.;Khalil Gibran;love
The mother-child relationship is paradoxical and, in a sense, tragic. It requires the most intense love on the mother's side, yet this very love must help the child grow away from the mother, and to become fully independent.;Erich Fromm;love
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.;Khalil Gibran;love
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.;Anais Nin;love
Love is trembling happiness.;Khalil Gibran;love
Even when I'm old and grey, I won't be able to play it, but I'll still love the game.;Michael Jordan;love
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.;Robert Fulghum;love
Don't do anything by half. If you love someone, love them with all your soul. When you go to work, work your ass off. When you hate someone, hate them until it hurts.;Henry Rollins;love
Love and doubt have never been on speaking terms.;Khalil Gibran;love
A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself.;Josh Billings;love
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.;Wayne Dyer;love
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.;Benjamin Franklin;love
Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.;Christopher Marlowe;love
Do not hire a man who does your work for money, but him who does it for love of it.;Henry David Thoreau;love
I wish people would love everybody else the way they love me. It would be a better world.;Muhammad Ali;love
Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.;Frank Sinatra;love
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.;Anais Nin;love
I'll love you, dear, I'll love you till China and Africa meet and the river jumps over the mountain and the salmon sing in the street.;W. H. Auden;love
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.;Khalil Gibran;love
Love is the expression of one's values, the greatest reward you can earn for the moral qualities you have achieved in your character and person, the emotional price paid by one man for the joy he receives from the virtues of another.;Ayn Rand;love
Personally, I just think rap music is the best thing out there, period. If you look at my deck in my car radio, you're always going to find a hip-hop tape that's all I buy, that's all I live, that's all I listen to, that's all I love.;Eminem;love
Success comes from taking the initiative and following up... persisting... eloquently expressing the depth of your love. What simple action could you take today to produce a new momentum toward success in your life?;Tony Robbins;love
I swear, by my life and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine.;Ayn Rand;love
Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage.;Benjamin Franklin;love
I love to be alone. I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.;Henry David Thoreau;love
He who falls in love with himself will have no rivals.;Benjamin Franklin;love
The story of life is quicker then the blink of an eye, the story of love is hello, goodbye.;Jimi Hendrix;love
When people get married because they think it's a long-time love affair, they'll be divorced very soon, because all love affairs end in disappointment. But marriage is a recognition of a spiritual identity.;Joseph Campbell;love
Love and work are the cornerstones of our humanness.;Sigmund Freud;love
When love beckons to you, follow him, Though his ways are hard and steep. And when his wings enfold you yield to him, Though the sword hidden among his pinions may wound you.;Khalil Gibran;love
Coming generations will learn equality from poverty, and love from woes.;Khalil Gibran;love
Mother's love is peace. It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved.;Erich Fromm;love
If a man walks in the woods for love of them half of each day, he is in danger of being regarded as a loafer. But if he spends his days as a speculator, shearing off those woods and making the earth bald before her time, he is deemed an industrious and enterprising citizen.;Henry David Thoreau;love
The two most misused words in the entire English vocabulary are love and friendship. A true friend would die for you, so when you start trying to count them on one hand, you don't need any fingers.;Larry Flynt;love
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.;Friedrich Nietzsche;love
There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love.;Bryant H. McGill;love
Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.;Joseph Addison;love
Today I love myself as I love my god: who could charge me with a sin today? I know only sins against my god but who knows my god?;Friedrich Nietzsche;love
I know you've heard it a thousand times before. But it's true - hard work pays off. If you want to be good, you have to practice, practice, practice. If you don't love something, then don't do it.;Ray Bradbury;love
One is very crazy when in love.;Sigmund Freud;love
It is cruel, you know, that music should be so beautiful. It has the beauty of loneliness of pain: of strength and freedom. The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love. The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony.;Benjamin Britten;love
Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;love
Do what you love. Know your own bone gnaw at it, bury it, unearth it, and gnaw it still.;Henry David Thoreau;love
Anxiety is love's greatest killer. It makes others feel as you might when a drowning man holds on to you. You want to save him, but you know he will strangle you with his panic.;Anais Nin;love
Guilt for being rich, and guilt thinking that perhaps love and peace isn't enough and you have to go and get shot or something.;John Lennon;love
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.;Arthur Rubinstein;love
Truth is handsomer than the affectation of love. Your goodness must have some edge to it, else it is none.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;love
Because of a great love, one is courageous.;Lao Tzu;love
There is not enough love and goodness in the world to permit giving any of it away to imaginary beings.;Friedrich Nietzsche;love
I have no hostility to nature, but a child's love to it. I expand and live in the warm day like corn and melons.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;love
For though we love both the truth and our friends, piety requires us to honor the truth first.;Aristotle;love
