I started in the restaurant business at the age of 19 as a waitress. I loved the atmosphere and the camaraderie of the restaurant business. I loved not having to go to an office. I loved making people happy.;Anne Burrell;age
My view is pensioners don't have the one option that people of working age have. They can't really increase their income, because they are no longer able to work.;Iain Duncan Smith;age
Work is transformative. It gives you a greater chance of a greater income. You can affect your life while you're of working age, so you have scope and opportunity. Pensioners do not.;Iain Duncan Smith;age
I think you can't really escape any kind of spiritual education as a child, whether it's New Age or Judaism or Buddhism or whatever it is. You can't escape it, even if you completely disagree with it, you still have it as a foundation that you base things off of.;Jack White;age
At my age the only problem is with remembering names. When I call everyone darling, it has damn all to do with passionately adoring them, but I know I'm safe calling them that. Although, of course, I adore them too.;Richard Attenborough;age
What I really tried to do with Helen was make her show this sad side of her. She was married off at 16, was so young and living in this castle that can't leave because of how she looks, and married to a man she hates and three times her age.;Diane Kruger;age
I never took guitar lessons. I took classical piano lessons from the age of six when we lived in Holland. And when we moved to America, it was just the typical thing except I was really good at it so was my brother.;Eddie Van Halen;age
I never took guitar lessons. I took classical piano lessons from the age of six when we lived in Holland.;Eddie Van Halen;age
When I write about a 15-year old, I jump, I return to the days when I was that age. It's like a time machine. I can remember everything. I can feel the wind. I can smell the air. Very actually. Very vividly.;Haruki Murakami;age
We live in an age, in an era where there is so much negativity, there is so much violence in the world, there is so much unrest and people are at war, that I wanted to promote the word love and red signifies love.;Elton John;age
I'm 20 years old. I like to party as much as anyone my age. Going clubbing is my way of relaxing or releasing a lot of stress. I don't feel that I should have to justify that part of my life. I don't know that I'm necessarily an addict.;Lindsay Lohan;age
I am happy being able to play roles with people my age because once you do something really mature there is no turning back.;Lindsay Lohan;age
Compared to a lot of actresses my age, I'm actually overweight.;Lindsay Lohan;age
This is what I asked for, and in this day and age that's what actually goes on. But what hurts me the most is that I work just as hard as any other actress around my age, like Scarlett Johansson, but I just don't get the opportunities that they get because people are so distracted by the mess that I created in my life.;Lindsay Lohan;age
At a young age, I was interested in comic books, which was really how I learnt to read. The name Cage came from a comic book character called Power Man.;Nicolas Cage;age
There is a certain age at which a child looks at you in all earnestness and delivers a long, pleased speech in all the true inflections of spoken English, but with not one recognizable syllable.;Annie Dillard;age
I can't wait to be that age and hanging out with a bunch of people hanging out all day playing golf and going to the beach, all my own age. We'd be laughing and having a good time and getting loopy on our prescription drugs. Driving golf carts around. I can't wait.;Cameron Diaz;age
I would love a family. I'm at the age where the wish for a child gets stronger. But who knows.;Cameron Diaz;age
I love physical kinds of comedy and getting down and dirty and doing stunts. When I was growing up, I was always getting into fights with guys and usually punching out boys my age because I was a lot bigger and tougher. So I'm naturally accustomed to putting myself into the headspace of a girl who can take care of herself.;Cameron Diaz;age
Love, with very young people, is a heartless business. We drink at that age from thirst, or to get drunk it is only later in life that we occupy ourselves with the individuality of our wine.;Isak Dinesen;age
Age for me is just a number.;Haile Gebrselassie;age
You hit a certain age and - especially because of TV - the young cooks coming up say, 'You're a sellout, because you're doing something other than what you should be doing.' 'Top Chef' is a double-edged sword for me: There's a whole group of people who will not come to the restaurants because they assume I'm not in them anymore, all I do is TV.;Tom Colicchio;age
Some of your teachers are actually closer in age to you than you think.;Maya Lin;age
From an early age I didn't buy into the value systems of working hard in a nine-to-five job. I thought creativity, friendship and loyalty and pushing the boundaries of what was acceptable was much more interesting.;Adam Clayton;age
I didn't have any success in show business until I was 30 to 31 years of age.;Adam Carolla;age
I hate the idea that you shouldn't wear something just because you're a certain age.;Miuccia Prada;age
I am firmly of the opinion that women who make a lot of effort to hang onto their looks in middle age (unless they are beauties, entertainers or prostitutes) are rather sad, as one should surely have something more substantial to recommend one by this time, such as kindness or cleverness.;Julie Burchill;age
As a precocious teen I dreamed of being Graham Greene. Well, as it turned out, I never wrote a great novel, sadly, and I never converted to Catholicism, happily, but I did do one thing he did. That is, in middle age I moved to a seaside town and got into a right barney with the local powers-that-be.;Julie Burchill;age
Age should not have its face lifted, but it should rather teach the world to admire wrinkles as the etchings of experience and the firm line of character.;Clarence Day;age
Age is only a number, a cipher for the records. A man can't retire his experience. He must use it. Experience achieves more with less energy and time.;Bernard Baruch;age
To me, old age is always fifteen years older than I am.;Bernard Baruch;age
I wear clothes that most people in the Midwest would probably deem inappropriate at my age. And I rock a bikini all summer long. I know that it's not normal, but I just don't care. I live once.;Liz Phair;age
I've lost touch with a lot of that boutique-type music just because of my age, and raising my son and the multiple jobs I have at this point.;Liz Phair;age
There's no way to approach anything in an objective way. We're completely subjective our view of the world is completely controlled by who we are as human beings, as men or women, by our age, our history, our profession, by the state of the world.;Charlie Kaufman;age
Age is not measured by years. Nature does not equally distribute energy. Some people are born old and tired while others are going strong at seventy.;Dorothy Thompson;age
Maybe it is something to do with age, but I have become fonder of poetry than of prose.;Aung San Suu Kyi;age
When I was younger, my whole sense of self-worth was based on whether or not I was working, which was awful. And I had a baby at 20 years old, so it wasn't just about me. At around the age of 30 there was a stretch where I wasn't working - certainly not on anything I liked, anyway - and I started to do other things.;Kiefer Sutherland;age
I grew up on the golden age of children's TV.;Edward Norton;age
I do wish I could tell you my age but it's impossible. It keeps changing all the time.;Greer Garson;age
Pretend to be dumb, that's the only way to reach old age.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;age
The excitement of learning separates youth from old age. As long as you're learning you're not old.;Rosalyn S. Yalow;age
The history of my life must begin by the earliest circumstance which my memory can evoke it will therefore commence when I had attained the age of eight years and four months.;Giacomo Casanova;age
We are in an electronic technology age now and it's about time we put away the old stuff.;Monica Edwards;age
At the age of 20 I bought a used Fiat 127. This was the only one I could afford!;Carlos Ghosn;age
At my age, I don't think anyone is untouched by cancer.;Bryan Cranston;age
We try, we fail, we posture, we aspire, we pontificate - and then we age, shrink, die, and vanish.;George Saunders;age
My habit would have been to veer towards the dark - to prove I was something edgy, or maybe to prove that I was cognisant of the dark side. Now, with age and confidence, I can say, yeah, that's true, but I am cognisant of the fact that people can do things well. And can be more loving than you expect.;George Saunders;age
It is not possible to live in this age if you don't have a sense of many contradictory forces.;Rem Koolhaas;age
I'm very accepting with my age. It's like notches on your belt: experience, wisdom, and a different kind of beauty. There comes a day when you've become comfortable in your skin.;Zoe Saldana;age
You need some insecurity if you're an actor. It keeps the pot boiling. I haven't yet started to think about retiring. I was shocked when I heard about Paul Newman retiring at age 82. Most actors just fade away like old soldiers.;Al Pacino;age
It's hard for women at my age in Hollywood, but I'm not discouraged.;Jane Fonda;age
We're still living with the old paradigm of age as an arch. That's the old metaphor: You're born, you peak at midlife and decline into decrepitude.;Jane Fonda;age
We can no longer waste time and money. Every day, more than 2,000 girls in America, age 15-19, give birth - in the wealthiest, most educated nation in the world! Neither you nor I should accept this statistic.;Jane Fonda;age
The reality is sobering: in the United States one in three girls will become pregnant before age 20, totaling more than 750,000 girls per year.;Jane Fonda;age
I am hoping for peaceful transition into a new age. Obama has already played a great role in initiating us into that vision. If he were to be harmed in any way, it would spawn the birth of a million Obamas.;Saul Williams;age
I definitely don't look my age. So I actively look for roles that will help people change their perception of me.;Elijah Wood;age
The age thing really bugs me. Do people have more of a right to not like what I say because I'm 19?;Fiona Apple;age
There are a lot of downsides to being male. We age faster and die younger. But give us this: we're lifetime baby-making machines. Women's reproductive abilities start to wane when they're as young as 35. Men? We're good to go pretty much till we're dead.;Jeffrey Kluger;age
Older fatherhood isn't all bad: testosterone rates drop about 1% per year as men age, making them less reactive and more patient, and a professionally established middle-aged man is likely to have more time and money to devote to his kids than a twenty-something who's just getting started.;Jeffrey Kluger;age
Credit or debit cards, for starters, are nothing short of shoppers' Novocain. Even in the age of digital purchases and virtual money, we still attach a special value to dirty paper with pictures of presidents on it. Handing some of that to a cashier simply hurts more than handing over a little sliver of plastic.;Jeffrey Kluger;age
When it comes to raising civilized kids there are no hard rules, but there are two things on which most parents agree: Boys are generally wilder than girls, and adolescents are wilder than kids of any other age. If you've got an adolescent boy, you're in the sweet spot for trouble.;Jeffrey Kluger;age
It seems to me there is a change in what audiences want to see. I can only hope that's correct, because there's an awful lot of people of my age around now and we outnumber the others.;Maggie Smith;age
A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight.;Robertson Davies;age
In Hollywood, you play a mom, and the next thing you know, you're on 'The Golden Girls.' They age you so fast.;Gabrielle Union;age
A great age of literature is perhaps always a great age of translations.;Ezra Pound;age
I can't get my knickers in a twist about my age and ageing in an industry that caters to the ids of 14-year-olds.;Vera Farmiga;age
I was living on the wrong side of the tracks in Evanston, Illinois, in a home for boys. We had these Jackson 5 records. I really related to their voices - they were about my age, but they were doing it.;Eddie Vedder;age
By age seven, I used to comb my hair for performances, just pull my hair up into a bun. Granted, it wasn't a very intricate hairstyle. Still, to be that responsible and disciplined at age seven is unusual.;Janet Jackson;age
It begins and ends with money. It's absurd in this day and age when we need so much money for education, health, for people, that a $100 million dollars can be spent on a film. It's obscene.;Kathleen Turner;age
I am at that age when you panic at the slightest thing.;Rupert Everett;age
Being gay and being a woman has one big thing in common, which is that we both become invisible after the age of 42. Who wants a gay 50-year-old? No one, let me tell you.;Rupert Everett;age
I began to speak well at a very advanced age - 15, 16, 17 years old. It was psychological: the trauma of war, my family and growing up on my own. I was more or less a street kid.;Roberto Cavalli;age
We Jews have a special attachment to the Book. The study of page after page in tomes yellowing with age was obligatory.;Theodore Bikel;age
Having come to live in this age is as though one were to have entered another country. Learn its language or risk being left out.;Theodore Bikel;age
I don't want to look at other people my age in leather. Why would I put it on?;George Michael;age
I believe that the fight against crime starts in the home. Parents must take responsibility for their children and show them love and guidance from an early age so they learn to respect the rights of others.;Blanche Lincoln;age
At an early age, I started my own paper route. Once I saw how you could service people and do a good job and get paid for it, I just wanted to be the best I could be in whatever I did.;Puff Daddy;age
Middle age: when you begin to exchange your emotions for symptoms.;Irvin S. Cobb;age
Brain power improves by brain use, just as our bodily strength grows with exercise. And there is no doubt that a large proportion of the female population, from school days to late middle age, now have very complicated lives indeed.;A. N. Wilson;age
I began to understand my sensations, to know what I wanted, at around the age of forty - but only vaguely.;Camille Pissarro;age
I grew up on a farm in a small town where you do or say one thing and everybody knows about it. You see it happen, there's always the town gossip - 'Oh did you hear about so and so, or did you hear what went on in this household?' So I learned at a very young age just to keep my mouth shut.;Garrett Hedlund;age
If you love somebody, you love them. My parents had a 25-year age gap between them and my mum was the breadwinner, my dad the house husband. I'm a strong believer that a good relationship can work, whatever the situation.;Katherine Jenkins;age
The Border Ballads, for instance, and the Robin Hood Ballads, clearly suppose a state of society which is nothing but a very circumscribed and not very important heroic age.;Lascelles Abercrombie;age
By the age of 9 or 10, I knew that I had to cut my own cloth and make my own way.;John le Carre;age
When you're my age and you see a story, you better go for it pretty quickly. I'd just like to get a few more novels under my belt.;John le Carre;age
Catholics and evangelicals need to remain allied, and in solidarity, against the increasingly aggressive secularism of our age.;Gary Bauer;age
I don't know whether it's age or maturity, but I certainly find myself committed more and more to the looser forms of Western democracy at any price.;John le Carre;age
Losing both parents at a young age gave me a sense that you can't really control life - so you'd better live it while it's here. I stopped believing in a storybook existence a long time ago. All you can do is push in a direction and see what comes of it.;Jon Hamm;age
Old age is not a disease - it is strength and survivorship, triumph over all kinds of vicissitudes and disappointments, trials and illnesses.;Maggie Kuhn;age
I was a very sickly kid. While I was in the hospital at age 7, my Dad brought me a stack of comic books to keep me occupied. I was hooked.;Len Wein;age
Study until twenty-five, investigation until forty, profession until sixty, at which age I would have him retired on a double allowance.;Thomas Moore;age
In the digital age of 'overnight' success stories such as Facebook, the hard slog is easily overlooked.;James Dyson;age
The greatest writers of this age... are aware of the mystery of our existence.;J. B. Priestley;age
The chief role of the universities is to prolong adolescence into middle age, at which point early retirement ensures that we lack the means or the will to enforce significant change.;J. G. Ballard;age
My grandparents got married at a very young age, and a lot of what I think about marriage is based on their relationship. I watched them over the years and saw how they dealt with everything together, as a team.;Kyle Chandler;age
My grandparents got married at a very young age, and a lot of what I think about marriage is based on their relationship.;Kyle Chandler;age
At my age it is unseemly to be pessimistic.;Naguib Mahfouz;age
I don't know why people are so obsessed with age anyway. I mean, 90 is the new 70 70 is the new 50 and 50 is the new 40 so the whole act-your-age thing? Only up to a point.;Joan Collins;age
I don't look my age, I don't feel my age and I don't act my age. To me age is just a number.;Joan Collins;age
