You take somebody that cries their goddam eyes out over phoney stuff in the movies, and nine times out of ten they're mean bastards at heart.;J. D. Salinger;movies
Sure, 'Twilight' is really huge right now and everybody's freaking out over it, but it will go away soon and I will be back to doing what I'm used to doing: weird little movies that nobody sees.;Kristen Stewart;movies
I go to the movies a lot, and I regret when I see some actor that I used to like, to find them offering no more surprises.;Catherine Deneuve;movies
I live very normally, I go out with my friends, we go to the movies, I queue, we go to restaurants.;Catherine Deneuve;movies
Bruce Lee was very famous. I watched his movies and he is amazing. He is a martial arts master, his philosophy, his movement, both physically and mentally, were very strong.;Jet Li;movies
When we talk about how movies used to be made, it was over 100 years of film, literal, physical film, with emulsion, that we would expose to light and we would get pictures.;Keanu Reeves;movies
The whole world loves American movies, blue jeans, jazz and rock and roll. It is probably a better way to get to know our country than by what politicians or airline commercials represent.;Billy Joel;movies
In the past I've made movies that were pretty universally liked. You can't really hate them. You can discard them, but you can't really hate them.;Ang Lee;movies
I look at American movies, the big muscles, and try to apply that to Chinese film-making.;Ang Lee;movies
I have a lot of repression. So repression is what I make movies about.;Ang Lee;movies
I think a lot of people do big movies not because they are talented artists but because they can function in the circumstances.;Ang Lee;movies
Thinking back to those earlier days, I felt I was weak when I wasn't making movies, and then when I was, I thought I was weak as a family member.;Ang Lee;movies
Making movies is a way of understanding myself and the world.;Ang Lee;movies
After making several tragic movies in a row, I was looking to do a comedy, and one without cynicism.;Ang Lee;movies
3D is quite a lot more advanced in animated movies for live-action movies we're just taking baby steps, we're just in the beginning.;Ang Lee;movies
I have a very busy life, and not many people who have a career and four kids go out a lot to the movies.;Meryl Streep;movies
I knew that there were black people in Africa, of course, unfortunately because of movies such as 'Tarzan.';Henry Louis Gates;movies
My family and our neighbors and friends thought of Africa and its Africans as extensions of the stereotyped characters that we saw in movies and on television in films such as 'Tarzan' and in programs such as 'Ramar of the Jungle' and 'Sheena, Queen of the Jungle.';Henry Louis Gates;movies
I like to hang out with my friends. I love music. I like to go to the movies. I like to eat. I like to cook.;Joan Jett;movies
I think that's what distinguishes Schmidt, really. In the movies now, so much of what is appealing to an audience is the dramatic or has to do with science fiction, and Schmidt is simply human. There's no melodrama there's no device, It's just about a human being.;Jack Nicholson;movies
Movies make you immortal and ageless.;Kristin Scott Thomas;movies
I grew up watching all these crazy movies, European movies and stuff, and I guess that I always laughed at things that were a little more offbeat.;Louis C. K.;movies
I don't like comedy. I like funny things. I don't like comedy. Like, comedy movies are just, 'Oh Jesus.';Louis C. K.;movies
For me the greatest source of income is still movies. Nothing - stocks, financial speculation, real estate speculation or businesses - makes more money for me than making movies.;Jackie Chan;movies
I will make action movies, I think, for a few more years, another five years.;Jackie Chan;movies
Sometimes when we weep in the movies we weep for ourselves or for a life unlived. Or we even go to the movies because we want to resist the emotion that's there in front of us. I think there is always a catharsis that I look for and that makes the movie experience worthwhile.;Edward Zwick;movies
If people are constantly reading about you, and you're overexposed, they've got no reason to go see your movies. Also, it's not pleasant or nice to have your privacy invaded.;John Cusack;movies
I think it's better to be involved in one or two movies a year.;Eric Cantona;movies
They say I can open movies, and that's nice in that it puts into people's minds that women can do it. It's not just Kevin Costner, not just Arnold Schwarzenegger. Not just the guys.;Julia Roberts;movies
Making movies is not rocket science. It's about relationships and communication and strangers coming together to see if they can get along harmoniously, productively, and creatively. That's a challenge. When it works, it's fantastic and will lift you up. When it doesn't work, it's almost just as fascinating.;Julia Roberts;movies
I've made so many movies playing a hooker that they don't pay me in the regular way anymore. They leave it on the dresser.;Shirley MacLaine;movies
And what I like about it is it makes me happy and I think it makes a lot of people happy to go to the movies and to not think about the problems of the day or the problems of tomorrow or the yesterday and just go on for the ride and have the fun of losing oneself in a fantasy.;Nicolas Cage;movies
Now on Friday nights, if I want to go hang out with friends, I go hang out with friends. If I want to stay in and be in the hot tub and have people over to watch movies, I do that.;Demi Lovato;movies
I've had some movies that have been ridiculed, but that's OK with me. I don't feel that really defines me. Should I change who I am to be popular?;Kevin Costner;movies
I wasn't allowed to go to movies when I was kid my father was a minister. 101 Dalmatians and King of Kings, that was the extent of it.;Denzel Washington;movies
I don't want to make movies for kids, and I don't want to make movies for adults either.;Kristen Stewart;movies
Robots have a rich and storied history in movies.;John Podhoretz;movies
What people adore about superhero movies is the signal quality of the Christopher Nolan films - their complete lack of irony when it comes to the portrayal of heroism and the need for heroes to confront evil.;John Podhoretz;movies
Well, everyone likes movies when they're a little kid.;Anthony Hopkins;movies
I made two movies before The Police had a hit record: I did Quadrophenia and a film called Radio On.;Sting;movies
I have realized that I hate going to the premieres of the movies that I'm in. Because I feel this tension after the movie is over that everyone feels obligated to say something nice to you. It's so unnatural and uncomfortable.;Amanda Seyfried;movies
I do love the films I've done in the past. I work hard in my movies and my friends work hard and we're trying to make people laugh and I'm very proud of that.;Adam Sandler;movies
I played Winnie Cooper on 'The Wonder Years' from ages 12-18, and did a few other movies during some of the summers.;Danica McKellar;movies
I used to love to go to the movies - I'd see two in a row. A few times I even snuck into the second movie after it started... now that I think about it, that's kind of like shoplifting! Needless to say, I still love going to the movies, but I don't sneak in anymore.;Danica McKellar;movies
Even when I was a little kid, I always said I would be in the movies one day, and damned if I didn't make it.;Richard Pryor;movies
I really like children to watch my movies.;Jackie Chan;movies
I've choreographed all of my movies.;Jackie Chan;movies
When I got depressed, I watched Bruce Lee movies. I learned everything from Bruce Lee.;Jackie Chan;movies
Most of the time it's the role. Sometimes it's the story and sometimes it just the paycheck. It's the little movies that come out as stories or the fact that I have work to go out, you know what I'm saying, you can only be out so long without work, you start getting antsy.;Morgan Freeman;movies
It can have an enormous effect because big budget movies can have big budget perks, and small budget movies have no perks, but what is the driving force, of course, is the script, and your part in it.;Morgan Freeman;movies
People need to start to think about the messages that they send in the movies.;Morgan Freeman;movies
Any time you stop looking at evil as a black and white thing, it's helpful. So the fact that there won't be any obligatory Islamic terrorist stereotypes in movies any more, that'd be helpful.;John Cusack;movies
The movies I made early on may not have been great, but they were all commercially successful.;Christina Ricci;movies
Movies such as 'Mr. Smith Goes to Washington' in 1939 to 'Dave' in 1993 portray Washington leaders as the ultimate Everymen - decent people just like you and me, only thrust onto greatness.;Ron Fournier;movies
I do not quote my own movies. I think I would be pretty insufferable if I did.;Diablo Cody;movies
People don't have these tidy little redemption arcs in reality the way they do in movies.;Diablo Cody;movies
I'm not an especially highbrow person, but I have always loved small, quirky, edgy movies.;Diablo Cody;movies
I don't know why, but I've always been a sucker for roller coasters in movies.;Diablo Cody;movies
Oh, I adored Mickey Mouse when I was a child. He was the emblem of happiness and funniness. You went to the movies then, you saw two movies and a short. When Mickey Mouse came on the screen and there was his big head, my sister said she had to hold onto me. I went berserk.;Maurice Sendak;movies
Going to the movies was a big event in my youth. My father would be the initiator - he'd have me put on a jacket to see a film.;Ralph Fiennes;movies
You can't work in the movies. Movies are all about lighting. Very few filmmakers will concentrate on the story. You get very little rehearsal time, so anything you do onscreen is a kind of speed painting.;John Malkovich;movies
I like very much to do movies.;John Malkovich;movies
I like to direct movies, but I don't like to goof around for eight years talking about it.;John Malkovich;movies
Quite often - a lot of the work I had done had been extensively with women. Most especially in the theater, but also quite often in the movies. That has its own delights, and maybe pitfalls too.;John Malkovich;movies
You have to read scripts and audition and develop relationships. It takes a long time to develop a body of work but over the last 25 years I guess I've done that many movies. In hindsight it may seem effortless, but there's a lot of work that goes into it.;Harry Connick, Jr.;movies
More and more major businesses and industries are being run on software and delivered as online services - from movies to agriculture to national defense.;Marc Andreessen;movies
Steven Spielberg is unique. I feel that the kinds of movies he loves are the same kinds of movies that the big mass audience loves. He's very fortunate because he can do the things he naturally likes the best, and he's been very successful.;Francis Ford Coppola;movies
When newspapers started to publish the box office scores of movies, I was horrified. Those results are totally fake because they never include the promotion budget.;Francis Ford Coppola;movies
I wanted to write and direct movies and not be forced to adapt them from a bestselling book.;Francis Ford Coppola;movies
I'm no longer dependent on the movie business to make a living. So if I want to make movies as other old guys would play golf, I can.;Francis Ford Coppola;movies
I've been offered lots of movies. There's always some actor who's doing a project and would like to have me do it. But you look at the project and think, 'Gee, there are a lot of good directors who could do that.' I'd like to do something only I can do.;Francis Ford Coppola;movies
People feel the worst film I made was 'Jack.' But to this day, when I get checks from old movies I've made, 'Jack' is one of the biggest ones. No one knows that. If people hate the movie, they hate the movie. I just wanted to work with Robin Williams.;Francis Ford Coppola;movies
I'm not mad about movies, there are too many people involved in the making of them, and they lack a definitive creative focus.;David Bailey;movies
I had to act in a school play when I was about ten years old. I really didn't want to do it. But everyone had to do it so I didn't have a choice. A talent agent came and watched it and later gave me some work. It's funny because I'd always known that I wanted a movie career. I just didn't think that I would be in the movies.;Kristen Stewart;movies
I like being in movies that have a great story. I'm not so interested in being a Hollywood star. It's a job, you know. When you wake up at six in the morning every day for a week, it feels like hard work.;Kristen Stewart;movies
I mean, I love L.A. - I love living here. But I wish that we could make things without the need to hit a home run every single time. It's a unique thing to Hollywood that if you don't do that every time, then you're considered a failure. But it's like, 'Well, are you making movies to be successful? Or are you making movies to learn something?';Kristen Stewart;movies
It's not like I sit around watching my movies again and again, but I've never quite believed actors when they say they don't watch themselves.;Kristen Stewart;movies
It's a funny thing: You want so badly for people to see what you do - you're proud of it - and I like the effect that movies have on people. But the attention can also make me uncomfortable.;Kristen Stewart;movies
Very often when I go in to meet for movies or pilots, I'm put on videotape. I hate the notion that that tape is going to sit on a shelf and never get better.;David Ogden Stiers;movies
I love movies that make me cry, because they're tapping into a real emotion in me, and I always think afterwards: how did they do that?;John Lasseter;movies
The reason I chose the movies that I did was based on where they were being filmed.;Meryl Streep;movies
I mean, why am I considered an 'it girl?' Because I'm in a lot of movies right now or am on the covers of magazines? I just hope there is something solid behind that. Because here's the thing with 'it girl' status. It's great and amazing that anybody is saying that at all. But how long does that last?;Amanda Seyfried;movies
It's like why people read scary books or go see scary movies. Because it creates a distance. They're scared, but they're not going to get hurt.;Vincent D'Onofrio;movies
I wanted to be in Jim Carrey comedy movies before I met him. I wanted to be a comedian on Stage 19, yukking it up.;Jenny McCarthy;movies
I wouldn't like to be in movies. Movie people are strange. They live a different life than musicians do.;Stevie Nicks;movies
I love scary movies. I like blood and gore, and I love Halloween movies.;Carrie Underwood;movies
My movies just kind of sneak up on you. I don't have to worry too much about what everybody is going to say. Anyway, I really don't pay attention to what the world says about my movies. I just care about what my buddies think.;Adam Sandler;movies
I'm not looking to get away from anything. I like what I've done. I like what I get to do and I enjoy working with my friends. I loved those movies, but this is incredible.;Adam Sandler;movies
Kids end up seeing my movies anyway but some of the mothers get mad at me so I figured I'd make one that I can't get yelled at for.;Adam Sandler;movies
I like movies I can relate to.;Kim Cattrall;movies
I don't know many women who can relate to Sharon Stone and the kind of movies she does. I don't know a lot of guys who can relate to Tom Cruise's movies because they're on a kind of fantastic level.;Kim Cattrall;movies
There are some movies that I would like to forget, for the rest of my life. But even those movies teach me things.;Antonio Banderas;movies
I feel like a lot of the female relationships I see on TV or in movies are in some way free of the kind of jealousy and anxiety and posturing that has been such a huge part of my female friendships, which I hope lessens a little bit with age.;Lena Dunham;movies
I spent all my time on my movies worried that people were eating and that the schedule was being kept, so to have experts in those areas giving me the brain space as a writer and director is huge.;Lena Dunham;movies
Movies are movies, and I don't think any of them are going to hurt the moral fiber of America and all that nonsense.;Richard Pryor;movies
I like the George Romero films, which were really great, social satire movies really twisted.;John Cusack;movies
I love these movies where it's just about the film. You don't have my face on the poster. It's all about the movie. I like that.;John Cusack;movies
It seems to me that one thing people do over and over again is try to figure out how to get married, stay married, fall in love, how to rekindle all this stuff. It seems to me to be a pretty eternal theme so I don't know if you can get typecast from making movies about men relating to women. It seems to be what is going on on the planet a lot.;John Cusack;movies
The movies have got more corporate, they're making fewer movies in general, and those they are making are all $200-$300m tent-pole releases that eat up all the oxygen.;John Cusack;movies
