When I left 20th Century-Fox to freelance, my agent believed that getting big money was the way to establish real importance in our industry.;Loretta Young;money
Well, I thought the deal was, when you went to work for the government you weren't supposed to make money!;Joe Biden;money
When it comes to money nobody should give up anything.;Anthony Trollope;money
In the NFL a lot of times everyone gets caught up in the business side of things. For them it's all about money and it really leaves a sour taste in your mouth.;Brett Favre;money
My recollection is - and I'd have to confirm this - but I don't recall paying any money to go to law school.;Joe Biden;money
I couldn't relate to kid stuff. 'Jimmy doesn't like me!' Who cares? I was worried we didn't have gas money or food. Those were my concerns.;Leighton Meester;money
During the Depression, my dad made radios to sell to make extra money. Nobody had any money to buy the radios, so he would trade them for dogs. He built kennels in the backyard, and he cared for the dogs.;Betty White;money
One thing I have clear is that I don't want to work for money anymore.;Antonio Banderas;money
Money speaks, but it speaks with a male voice.;Andrea Dworkin;money
But it's a blessing to be so successful within a year it's the greatest feeling in the world, making money and doing the things that I'm doing, and I definitely trying to continue doing what I'm doing.;Ludacris;money
What counts in Hollywood is box office. It doesn't really matter what people think of you as an actor because, as long as you have been in a movie that has made money, you will always get another job.;Diane Kruger;money
Research is four things: brains with which to think, eyes with which to see, machines with which to measure and, fourth, money.;Albert Szent-Gyorgyi;money
I could be making a lot more money now if I had chosen a different kind of movie, but none of that matters to me... I've done the parts I wanted to do.;Jessica Lange;money
Because bankers measure their self-worth in money, and pay themselves a lot of it, they think they're fine fellows and don't need to explain themselves.;James Buchan;money
To give money to a woman - and here I must speak as a man - is to deny her special quality, her irreplaceability, and reduce her unique amiability to a commodity. Money takes away her name, while transforming her lover into a nameless customer of a market of appetites.;James Buchan;money
I used to get my money at the end of the week, buy my mum something, or buy a record, and that was it.;Elton John;money
What most people don't seem to realize is that there is just as much money to be made out of the wreckage of a civilization as from the upbuilding of one.;Margaret Mitchell;money
I have no one to leave the money to. I'm a single man. I like spending my money.;Elton John;money
Money does not guarantee success.;Jose Mourinho;money
Kids are meant to believe that their stepping stone to massive money is 'The X Factor.';Iain Duncan Smith;money
The way the bankers have kind of toppled the way money is distributed, and taken most of it into their own hands, is as good as Stalin or Hitler.;Mario Batali;money
I saw Deep Purple live once and I paid money for it and I thought, 'Geez, this is ridiculous.' You just see through all that sort of stuff. I never liked those Deep Purples or those sort of things. I always hated it. I always thought it was a poor man's Led Zeppelin.;Angus Young;money
Thankfully, due to the United Kingdom and the commitment of the Westminster government we are able to ensure that money brought in, whether it be from the City of London or from North Sea oil, can be pooled and directed to wherever it is needed most. That is what being in the United Kingdom is all about.;Iain Duncan Smith;money
Nothing except the mint can make money without advertising.;Thomas B. Macaulay;money
Because I don't take money, I'll go anywhere and do a benefit concert with almost any orchestra.;David Ogden Stiers;money
Kids are meant to believe that their stepping stone to massive money is 'The X Factor.' Luck is great, but most of life is hard work. We do not celebrate people who have made success out of serious hard work.;Iain Duncan Smith;money
The fellow that has no money is poor. The fellow that has nothing but money is poorer still.;Billy Sunday;money
People look at me, and they go, 'You're white, you're smart, you must have went to college. You must have grown up with money.';Adam Carolla;money
Old friends pass away, new friends appear. It is just like the days. An old day passes, a new day arrives. The important thing is to make it meaningful: a meaningful friend - or a meaningful day.;Dalai Lama;morning
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.;Marcus Aurelius;morning
Prayer is the key of the morning and the bolt of the evening.;Mahatma Gandhi;morning
If it's your job to eat a frog, it's best to do it first thing in the morning. And If it's your job to eat two frogs, it's best to eat the biggest one first.;Mark Twain;morning
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it.;Kevyn Aucoin;morning
I wake up every morning at nine and grab for the morning paper. Then I look at the obituary page. If my name is not on it, I get up.;Benjamin Franklin;morning
Love. Fall in love and stay in love. Write only what you love, and love what you write. The key word is love. You have to get up in the morning and write something you love, something to live for.;Ray Bradbury;morning
The sun is new each day.;Heraclitus;morning
Thank God every morning when you get up that you have something to do that day, which must be done, whether you like it or not.;James Russell Lowell;morning
An early-morning walk is a blessing for the whole day.;Henry David Thoreau;morning
In the morning a man walks with his whole body in the evening, only with his legs.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;morning
Commitment is a big part of what I am and what I believe. How committed are you to winning? How committed are you to being a good friend? To being trustworthy? To being successful? How committed are you to being a good father, a good teammate, a good role model? There's that moment every morning when you look in the mirror: Are you committed, or are you not?;LeBron James;morning
I feel sorry for people who don't drink. They wake up in the morning and that's the best they're going to feel all day.;Dean Martin;morning
Each day is a little life: every waking and rising a little birth, every fresh morning a little youth, every going to rest and sleep a little death.;Arthur Schopenhauer;morning
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night.;William Blake;morning
Be pleasant until ten o'clock in the morning and the rest of the day will take care of itself.;Elbert Hubbard;morning
The man with the best job in the country is the vice-president. All he has to do is get up every morning and say, 'How is the president?';Will Rogers;morning
I think that when you get dressed in the morning, sometimes you're really making a decision about your behavior for the day. Like if you put on flipflops, you're saying: 'Hope I don't get chased today.' 'Be nice to people in sneakers.';Demetri Martin;morning
Everyone has highs and lows that they have to learn from, but every morning I start off with a good head on my shoulders, saying to myself, 'It's going to be a good day!'.;Lindsay Lohan;morning
I miss Saturday morning, rolling out of bed, not shaving, getting into my car with my girls, driving to the supermarket, squeezing the fruit, getting my car washed, taking walks.;Barack Obama;morning
Do not say, 'It is morning,' and dismiss it with a name of yesterday. See it for the first time as a newborn child that has no name.;Rabindranath Tagore;morning
I have always been delighted at the prospect of a new day, a fresh try, one more start, with perhaps a bit of magic waiting somewhere behind the morning.;J. B. Priestley;morning
This morning when I put on my underwear I could hear the fruit-of-the-loom guys laughing at me.;Rodney Dangerfield;morning
If you're bored with life - you don't get up every morning with a burning desire to do things - you don't have enough goals.;Lou Holtz;morning
When I woke up this morning my girlfriend asked me, 'Did you sleep good?' I said 'No, I made a few mistakes.';Steven Wright;morning
He, who every morning plans the transactions of the day, and follows that plan, carries a thread that will guide him through a labyrinth of the most busy life.;Victor Hugo;morning
I wake up some mornings and sit and have my coffee and look out at my beautiful garden, and I go, 'Remember how good this is. Because you can lose it.';Jim Carrey;morning
Nothing is more beautiful than the loveliness of the woods before sunrise.;George Washington Carver;morning
Each morning when I awake, I experience again a supreme pleasure - that of being Salvador Dali.;Salvador Dali;morning
Opportunities are like sunrises. If you wait too long, you miss them.;William Arthur Ward;morning
In a real dark night of the soul, it is always three o'clock in the morning, day after day.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;morning
Arranging a bowl of flowers in the morning can give a sense of quiet in a crowded day - like writing a poem or saying a prayer.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;morning
It ain't as bad as you think. It will look better in the morning.;Colin Powell;morning
Each morning sees some task begun, each evening sees it close Something attempted, something done, has earned a night's repose.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;morning
First thing every morning before you arise say out loud, 'I believe,' three times.;Ovid;morning
Every morning I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work.;Robert Orben;morning
Some mornings, it's just not worth chewing through the leather straps.;Emo Philips;morning
Manners is the key thing. Say, for instance, when you're growing up, you're walking down the street, you've got to tell everybody good morning. Everybody. You can't pass one person.;Usain Bolt;morning
A good idea will keep you awake during the morning, but a great idea will keep you awake during the night.;Marilyn vos Savant;morning
Early morning cheerfulness can be extremely obnoxious.;William Feather;morning
The problem with marriage is that it ends every night after making love, and it must be rebuilt every morning before breakfast.;Gabriel Garcia Marquez;morning
I'm always thinking about creating. My future starts when I wake up every morning... Every day I find something creative to do with my life.;Miles Davis;morning
It's always such a joy that you wake up in the morning and there's work to do.;Jerome Lawrence;morning
I remind myself every morning: Nothing I say this day will teach me anything. So if I'm going to learn, I must do it by listening.;Larry King;morning
Good morning is a contradiction of terms.;Jim Davis;morning
I had a monumental idea this morning, but I didn't like it.;Samuel Goldwyn;morning
I love the smell of juice boxes in the morning.;Robert Duvall;morning
I never really look for anything. What God throws my way comes. I wake up in the morning and whichever way God turns my feet, I go.;Pearl Bailey;morning
Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it.;Richard Whately;morning
The most efficient way to live reasonably is every morning to make a plan of one's day and every night to examine the results obtained.;Alexis Carrel;morning
If some great catastrophe is not announced every morning, we feel a certain void. Nothing in the paper today, we sigh.;Lord Acton;morning
Morning comes whether you set the alarm or not.;Ursula K. Le Guin;morning
Never face facts if you do you'll never get up in the morning.;Marlo Thomas;morning
Tell him he can have my title, but I want it back in the morning.;Jack Dempsey;morning
We could hardly wait to get up in the morning.;Wilbur Wright;morning
It was a splendid summer morning and it seemed as if nothing could go wrong.;John Cheever;morning
I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day.;Frank Sinatra;morning
I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly.;Winston Churchill;morning
My formula for living is quite simple. I get up in the morning and I go to bed at night. In between, I occupy myself as best I can.;Cary Grant;morning
For the past 33 years, I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: 'If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?' And whenever the answer has been 'No' for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something.;Steve Jobs;morning
A good wife is one who serves her husband in the morning like a mother does, loves him in the day like a sister does and pleases him like a prostitute in the night.;Chanakya;morning
It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning.;Henry Ford;morning
I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.;E. B. White;morning
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter, and sharing of pleasures. For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed.;Khalil Gibran;morning
When you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light, for your life, for your strength. Give thanks for your food and for the joy of living. If you see no reason to give thanks, the fault lies in yourself.;Tecumseh;morning
The brain is a wonderful organ it starts working the moment you get up in the morning and does not stop until you get into the office.;Robert Frost;morning
Probably the happiest period in life most frequently is in middle age, when the eager passions of youth are cooled, and the infirmities of age not yet begun as we see that the shadows, which are at morning and evening so large, almost entirely disappear at midday.;Eleanor Roosevelt;morning
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.;Kurt Vonnegut;morning
I have to be alone very often. I'd be quite happy if I spent from Saturday night until Monday morning alone in my apartment. That's how I refuel.;Audrey Hepburn;morning
If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.;Henny Youngman;morning
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.;Bob Dylan;morning
