What is success? I think it is a mixture of having a flair for the thing that you are doing knowing that it is not enough, that you have got to have hard work and a certain sense of purpose.;Margaret Thatcher;work
Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.;Michael Jordan;work
If you want to make peace with your enemy, you have to work with your enemy. Then he becomes your partner.;Nelson Mandela;work
In our daily life, we encounter people who are angry, deceitful, intent only on satisfying their own needs. There is so much anger, distrust, greed, and pettiness that we are losing our capacity to work well together.;Margaret J. Wheatley;work
Our life of poverty is as necessary as the work itself. Only in heaven will we see how much we owe to the poor for helping us to love God better because of them.;Mother Teresa;work
Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods, get plenty of exercise and maintain a healthy lifestyle.;Sasha Cohen;work
If you want to build a ship, don't drum up people to collect wood and don't assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;work
A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament.;Oscar Wilde;work
When I was a kid I used to pray every night for a new bicycle. Then I realised that the Lord doesn't work that way so I stole one and asked Him to forgive me.;Emo Philips;work
Man was made at the end of the week's work when God was tired.;Mark Twain;work
Thunder is good, thunder is impressive but it is lightning that does the work.;Mark Twain;work
A man's face is his autobiography. A woman's face is her work of fiction.;Oscar Wilde;work
All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.;Brian Tracy;work
Man - a creature made at the end of the week's work when God was tired.;Mark Twain;work
It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family.;Philip Green;work
Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do. Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do.;Mark Twain;work
Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.;Rumi;work
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.;Aristotle;work
Football is like life - it requires perseverance, self-denial, hard work, sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority.;Vince Lombardi;work
In war as in life, it is often necessary when some cherished scheme has failed, to take up the best alternative open, and if so, it is folly not to work for it with all your might.;Winston Churchill;work
That's been one of my mantras - focus and simplicity. Simple can be harder than complex: You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple. But it's worth it in the end because once you get there, you can move mountains.;Steve Jobs;work
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them.;Henry David Thoreau;work
Being busy does not always mean real work. The object of all work is production or accomplishment and to either of these ends there must be forethought, system, planning, intelligence, and honest purpose, as well as perspiration. Seeming to do is not doing.;Thomas A. Edison;work
Work as if you were to live a hundred years. Pray as if you were to die tomorrow.;Benjamin Franklin;work
What a piece of work is a man, how noble in reason, how infinite in faculties, in form and moving how express and admirable, in action how like an angel, in apprehension how like a god.;William Shakespeare;work
Dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. Hard work is the price we must pay for success. I think you can accomplish anything if you're willing to pay the price.;Vince Lombardi;work
My philosophy of life is that if we make up our mind what we are going to make of our lives, then work hard toward that goal, we never lose - somehow we win out.;Ronald Reagan;work
It was the labor movement that helped secure so much of what we take for granted today. The 40-hour work week, the minimum wage, family leave, health insurance, Social Security, Medicare, retirement plans. The cornerstones of the middle-class security all bear the union label.;Barack Obama;work
Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit.;George Carlin;work
It's like gambling somehow. You go out for a night of drinking and you don't know where your going to end up the next day. It could work out good or it could be disastrous. It's like the throw of the dice.;Jim Morrison;work
My share of the work may be limited, but the fact that it is work makes it precious.;Helen Keller;work
I had a stick of CareFree gum, but it didn't work. I felt pretty good while I was blowing that bubble, but as soon as the gum lost its flavor, I was back to pondering my mortality.;Mitch Hedberg;work
Have convictions. Be friendly. Stick to your beliefs as they stick to theirs. Work as hard as they do.;Eleanor Roosevelt;work
I've always believed that if you put in the work, the results will come.;Michael Jordan;work
It took a lot of blood, sweat and tears to get to where we are today, but we have just begun. Today we begin in earnest the work of making sure that the world we leave our children is just a little bit better than the one we inhabit today.;Barack Obama;work
A guilty conscience needs to confess. A work of art is a confession.;Albert Camus;work
There are two kinds of people, those who do the work and those who take the credit. Try to be in the first group there is less competition there.;Indira Gandhi;work
My experience has been that work is almost the best way to pull oneself out of the depths.;Eleanor Roosevelt;work
It is the quality of our work which will please God and not the quantity.;Mahatma Gandhi;work
Individual commitment to a group effort - that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.;Vince Lombardi;work
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did.;Newt Gingrich;work
The moment you think you understand a great work of art, it's dead for you.;Oscar Wilde;work
If there's any message to my work, it is ultimately that it's OK to be different, that it's good to be different, that we should question ourselves before we pass judgment on someone who looks different, behaves different, talks different, is a different color.;Johnny Depp;work
The Democrats are the party that says government will make you smarter, taller, richer, and remove the crabgrass on your lawn. The Republicans are the party that says government doesn't work and then they get elected and prove it.;P. J. O'Rourke;work
All who think cannot but see there is a sanction like that of religion which binds us in partnership in the serious work of the world.;Benjamin Franklin;work
Don't do anything by half. If you love someone, love them with all your soul. When you go to work, work your ass off. When you hate someone, hate them until it hurts.;Henry Rollins;work
It's true hard work never killed anybody, but I figure, why take the chance?;Ronald Reagan;work
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it.;Henry Ford;work
When the best leader's work is done the people say, 'We did it ourselves.';Lao Tzu;work
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.;Khalil Gibran;work
We believe that if men have the talent to invent new machines that put men out of work, they have the talent to put those men back to work.;John F. Kennedy;work
A work of art is above all an adventure of the mind.;Eugene Ionesco;work
Love and work are the cornerstones of our humanness.;Sigmund Freud;work
Are you bored with life? Then throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find happiness that you had thought could never be yours.;Dale Carnegie;work
A man is relieved and gay when he has put his heart into his work and done his best but what he has said or done otherwise shall give him no peace.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;work
Pray as though everything depended on God. Work as though everything depended on you.;Saint Augustine;work
If you go to work on your goals, your goals will go to work on you. If you go to work on your plan, your plan will go to work on you. Whatever good things we build end up building us.;Jim Rohn;work
The eye of the master will do more work than both his hands.;Benjamin Franklin;work
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.;Aristotle;work
I know you've heard it a thousand times before. But it's true - hard work pays off. If you want to be good, you have to practice, practice, practice. If you don't love something, then don't do it.;Ray Bradbury;work
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work.;Abdul Kalam;work
In a very real sense, it will not be one man going to the moon it will be an entire nation. For all of us must work to put him there.;John F. Kennedy;work
People who work together will win, whether it be against complex football defenses, or the problems of modern society.;Vince Lombardi;work
As a cure for worrying, work is better than whiskey.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;work
We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.;Milton Friedman;work
When nature has work to be done, she creates a genius to do it.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;work
The expectations of life depend upon diligence the mechanic that would perfect his work must first sharpen his tools.;Confucius;work
When you work you are a flute through whose heart the whispering of the hours turns to music. Which of you would be a reed, dumb and silent, when all else sings together in unison?;Khalil Gibran;work
The sum of wisdom is that time is never lost that is devoted to work.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;work
My work is the only ground I've ever had to stand on. I seem to have a whole superstructure with no foundation but I'm working on the foundation.;Marilyn Monroe;work
I hope the millions of people I've touched have the optimism and desire to share their goals and hard work and persevere with a positive attitude.;Michael Jordan;work
Let there be work, bread, water and salt for all.;Nelson Mandela;work
Do your work with your whole heart, and you will succeed - there's so little competition.;Elbert Hubbard;work
I have been all things unholy. If God can work through me, he can work through anyone.;Francis of Assisi;work
I wasn't really a work conscious type of person.;Michael Jordan;work
I don't pity any man who does hard work worth doing. I admire him. I pity the creature who does not work, at whichever end of the social scale he may regard himself as being.;Theodore Roosevelt;work
It's true, Christmas can feel like a lot of work, particularly for mothers. But when you look back on all the Christmases in your life, you'll find you've created family traditions and lasting memories. Those memories, good and bad, are really what help to keep a family together over the long haul.;Caroline Kennedy;work
The world is full of willing people some willing to work, the rest willing to let them.;Robert Frost;work
A lot of people quit looking for work as soon as they find a job.;Zig Ziglar;work
If you're not willing to work hard, let someone else do it. I'd rather be with someone who does a horrible job, but gives 110% than with someone who does a good job and gives 60%.;Will Smith;work
For anything worth having one must pay the price and the price is always work, patience, love, self-sacrifice - no paper currency, no promises to pay, but the gold of real service.;John Burroughs;work
I myself would like to become more disciplined within my work.;Marilyn Monroe;work
My work is the only ground I've ever had to stand on. To put it bluntly, I seem to have a whole superstructure with no foundation, but I'm working on the foundation.;Marilyn Monroe;work
Leaders aren't born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price we'll have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal.;Vince Lombardi;work
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching.;Satchel Paige;work
Deficiency motivation doesn't work. It will lead to a life-long pursuit of try to fix me. Learn to appreciate what you have and where and who you are.;Wayne Dyer;work
My message, especially to young people is to have courage to think differently, courage to invent, to travel the unexplored path, courage to discover the impossible and to conquer the problems and succeed. These are great qualities that they must work towards. This is my message to the young people.;Abdul Kalam;work
If God can work through me, he can work through anyone.;Francis of Assisi;work
Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best.;Theodore Isaac Rubin;work
The reason a lot of people do not recognize opportunity is because it usually goes around wearing overalls looking like hard work.;Thomas A. Edison;work
If you like small government you need to work hard at having a strong national defense that is not so militant. Personal liberty is the purpose of government, to protect liberty - not to run your personal life, not to run the economy, and not to pretend that we can tell the world how they ought to live.;Ron Paul;work
When I was young, I observed that nine out of ten things I did were failures. So I did ten times more work.;George Bernard Shaw;work
It feels good to have your work respected again.;Eminem;work
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.;Colin Powell;work
Few will have the greatness to bend history itself but each of us can work to change a small portion of events, and in the total of all those acts will be written the history of this generation.;Robert Kennedy;work
When you fail you learn from the mistakes you made and it motivates you to work even harder.;Natalie Gulbis;work
For one human being to love another that is perhaps the most difficult of all our tasks, the ultimate, the last test and proof, the work for which all other work is but preparation.;Rainer Maria Rilke;work
Once you start a working on something, don't be afraid of failure and don't abandon it. People who work sincerely are the happiest.;Chanakya;work
I think people should be allowed to do anything they want. We haven't tried that for a while. Maybe this time it'll work.;George Carlin;work
