The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.;Eleanor Roosevelt;beauty
The beauty of a woman is not in a facial mode but the true beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul. It is the caring that she lovingly gives the passion that she shows. The beauty of a woman grows with the passing years.;Audrey Hepburn;beauty
Our task must be to free ourselves by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature and its beauty.;Albert Einstein;beauty
The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.;Audrey Hepburn;beauty
It is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength.;Maya Angelou;beauty
When I admire the wonders of a sunset or the beauty of the moon, my soul expands in the worship of the creator.;Mahatma Gandhi;beauty
Education is the best friend. An educated person is respected everywhere. Education beats the beauty and the youth.;Chanakya;beauty
The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries or the way she combs her hair.;Audrey Hepburn;beauty
Wisdom I know is social. She seeks her fellows. But Beauty is jealous, and illy bears the presence of a rival.;Thomas Jefferson;beauty
Beauty of whatever kind, in its supreme development, invariably excites the sensitive soul to tears.;Edgar Allan Poe;beauty
There is something terribly morbid in the modern sympathy with pain. One should sympathise with the colour, the beauty, the joy of life. The less said about life's sores the better.;Oscar Wilde;beauty
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love.;Khalil Gibran;beauty
Love is the beauty of the soul.;Saint Augustine;beauty
Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes. It is not something physical.;Sophia Loren;beauty
Beauty without expression is boring.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;beauty
Beauty without grace is the hook without the bait.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;beauty
We find delight in the beauty and happiness of children that makes the heart too big for the body.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;beauty
It is cruel, you know, that music should be so beautiful. It has the beauty of loneliness of pain: of strength and freedom. The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love. The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony.;Benjamin Britten;beauty
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul.;John Muir;beauty
Beauty is an outward gift, which is seldom despised, except by those to whom it has been refused.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;beauty
As we grow old, the beauty steals inward.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;beauty
A healthful hunger for a great idea is the beauty and blessedness of life.;Jean Ingelow;beauty
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.;Marilyn Monroe;beauty
Beauty and femininity are ageless and can't be contrived, and glamour, although the manufacturers won't like this, cannot be manufactured. Not real glamour it's based on femininity.;Marilyn Monroe;beauty
When I am working on a problem, I never think about beauty but when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong.;R. Buckminster Fuller;beauty
Beauty is a short-lived tyranny.;Socrates;beauty
Beauty is the bait which with delight allures man to enlarge his kind.;Socrates;beauty
Loneliness adds beauty to life. It puts a special burn on sunsets and makes night air smell better.;Henry Rollins;beauty
The perception of beauty is a moral test.;Henry David Thoreau;beauty
For every moment of triumph, for every instance of beauty, many souls must be trampled.;Hunter S. Thompson;beauty
Alas! how little does the memory of these human inhabitants enhance the beauty of the landscape!;Henry David Thoreau;beauty
Poetry is the rhythmical creation of beauty in words.;Edgar Allan Poe;beauty
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.;Rumi;beauty
Only on paper has humanity yet achieved glory, beauty, truth, knowledge, virtue, and abiding love.;George Bernard Shaw;beauty
Beauty is a short-lived tyranny.;George Bernard Shaw;beauty
'Beauty is truth, truth beauty,' - that is all ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.;John Keats;beauty
It is not sufficient to see and to know the beauty of a work. We must feel and be affected by it.;Voltaire;beauty
Beauty is mysterious as well as terrible. God and devil are fighting there, and the battlefield is the heart of man.;Fyodor Dostoevsky;beauty
Enlightened leadership is spiritual if we understand spirituality not as some kind of religious dogma or ideology but as the domain of awareness where we experience values like truth, goodness, beauty, love and compassion, and also intuition, creativity, insight and focused attention.;Deepak Chopra;beauty
Anything in any way beautiful derives its beauty from itself and asks nothing beyond itself. Praise is no part of it, for nothing is made worse or better by praise.;Marcus Aurelius;beauty
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom.;Friedrich Schiller;beauty
I would define, in brief, the poetry of words as the rhythmical creation of Beauty.;Edgar Allan Poe;beauty
I am a thing of beauty.;Frank Sinatra;beauty
The beauty, the poetry of the fear in their eyes. I didn't mind going to jail for, what, five, six hours? It was absolutely worth it.;Johnny Depp;beauty
Character contributes to beauty. It fortifies a woman as her youth fades. A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude, and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful.;Jacqueline Bisset;beauty
Far away there in the sunshine are my highest aspirations. I may not reach them, but I can look up and see their beauty, believe in them, and try to follow where they lead.;Louisa May Alcott;beauty
It is not so much for its beauty that the forest makes a claim upon men's hearts, as for that subtle something, that quality of air that emanation from old trees, that so wonderfully changes and renews a weary spirit.;Robert Louis Stevenson;beauty
By plucking her petals, you do not gather the beauty of the flower.;Rabindranath Tagore;beauty
Beauty is the greatest seducer of man.;Paulo Coelho;beauty
I think permitting the game to become too physical takes away a little bit of the beauty.;John Wooden;beauty
Be sure what you want and be sure about yourself. Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.;Adriana Lima;beauty
A lot of us grow up and we grow out of the literal interpretation that we get when we're children, but we bear the scars all our life. Whether they're scars of beauty or scars of ugliness, it's pretty much in the eye of the beholder.;Stephen King;beauty
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?;Lily Tomlin;beauty
Everyone has their own insecurities, regardless of how you look or how people perceive you, but sometimes people give their insecurities too much power. Defining beauty is simply a matter of opinion. For me, real beauty has very little to do with the structure of someone's face or body.;Devon Aoki;beauty
Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.;Franz Kafka;beauty
It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous.;Aldous Huxley;beauty
It's not beauty but fine qualities, my girl, that keep a husband.;Euripides;beauty
What would be ugly in a garden constitutes beauty in a mountain.;Victor Hugo;beauty
Do you know the difference between a beautiful woman and a charming one? A beauty is a woman you notice, a charmer is one who notices you.;Adlai E. Stevenson;beauty
Art is not the application of a canon of beauty but what the instinct and the brain can conceive beyond any canon. When we love a woman we don't start measuring her limbs.;Pablo Picasso;beauty
I'm just glad I was able to return to some of that innocence and beauty I had as a child when I started my own family, and my children brought me back some of that spirit.;Angelina Jolie;beauty
Great perils have this beauty, that they bring to light the fraternity of strangers.;Victor Hugo;beauty
The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty.;Pablo Neruda;beauty
The ideal and the beautiful are identical the ideal corresponds to the idea, and beauty to form hence idea and substance are cognate.;Victor Hugo;beauty
Whatever you may look like, marry a man your own age - as your beauty fades, so will his eyesight.;Phyllis Diller;beauty
What a man does for pay is of little significance. What he is, as a sensitive instrument responsive to the world's beauty, is everything!;H. P. Lovecraft;beauty
Celibacy is not just a matter of not having sex. It is a way of admiring a person for their humanity, maybe even for their beauty.;Timothy Radcliffe;beauty
The beauty is that through disappointment you can gain clarity, and with clarity comes conviction and true originality.;Conan O'Brien;beauty
Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty.;John Ruskin;beauty
Secrecy is the element of all goodness even virtue, even beauty is mysterious.;Thomas Carlyle;beauty
Art can never exist without naked beauty displayed.;William Blake;beauty
Exuberance is beauty.;William Blake;beauty
It's a good thing that beauty is only skin deep, or I'd be rotten to the core.;Phyllis Diller;beauty
Sexiness wears thin after a while and beauty fades, but to be married to a man who makes you laugh every day, ah, now that's a real treat.;Joanne Woodward;beauty
Photography records the gamut of feelings written on the human face, the beauty of the earth and skies that man has inherited, and the wealth and confusion man has created. It is a major force in explaining man to man.;Edward Steichen;beauty
Most sets of values would give rise to universes that, although they might be very beautiful, would contain no one able to wonder at that beauty.;Stephen Hawking;beauty
Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;beauty
There are no better cosmetics than a severe temperance and purity, modesty and humility, a gracious temper and calmness of spirit and there is no true beauty without the signatures of these graces in the very countenance.;Arthur Helps;beauty
Beauty is an ecstasy it is as simple as hunger. There is really nothing to be said about it. It is like the perfume of a rose: you can smell it and that is all.;W. Somerset Maugham;beauty
I can barely conceive of a type of beauty in which there is no Melancholy.;Charles Baudelaire;beauty
That which you create in beauty and goodness and truth lives on for all time to come. Don't spend your life accumulating material objects that will only turn to dust and ashes.;Denis Waitley;beauty
A person however learned and qualified in his life's work in whom gratitude is absent, is devoid of that beauty of character which makes personality fragrant.;Hazrat Inayat Khan;beauty
Facts which at first seem improbable will, even on scant explanation, drop the cloak which has hidden them and stand forth in naked and simple beauty.;Galileo Galilei;beauty
Beauty in distress is much the most affecting beauty.;Edmund Burke;beauty
The beauty of independence, departure, actions that rely on themselves.;Walt Whitman;beauty
Beauty makes idiots sad and wise men merry.;George Jean Nathan;beauty
Look up, laugh loud, talk big, keep the color in your cheek and the fire in your eye, adorn your person, maintain your health, your beauty and your animal spirits.;William Hazlitt;beauty
Should you shield the canyons from the windstorms you would never see the true beauty of their carvings.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;beauty
The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express.;Francis Bacon;beauty
When I say that human beings are just gene machines, one shouldn't put too much emphasis on the word 'just.' There is a very great deal of complication, and indeed beauty in being a gene machine.;Richard Dawkins;beauty
It is the addition of strangeness to beauty that constitutes the romantic character in art.;Walter Hagen;beauty
Beauty may be skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.;Redd Foxx;beauty
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.;Kinky Friedman;beauty
Teach us that wealth is not elegance, that profusion is not magnificence, that splendor is not beauty.;Benjamin Disraeli;beauty
I also became close to nature, and am now able to appreciate the beauty with which this world is endowed.;James Dean;beauty
In marriage do thou be wise: prefer the person before money, virtue before beauty, the mind before the body then thou hast a wife, a friend, a companion, a second self.;William Penn;beauty
That's one of the nice things. I mean, part of the beauty of me is that I'm very rich. So if I need $600 million, I can put $600 million myself. That's a huge advantage. I must tell you, that's a huge advantage over the other candidates.;Donald Trump;beauty
At fifteen, beauty and talent do not exist there can only be promise of the coming woman.;Honore de Balzac;beauty
Children, dear and loving children, can alone console a woman for the loss of her beauty.;Honore de Balzac;beauty
