One of the things you're doing when you make art, apart from entertaining yourself and other people, is trying to see what ways of working feel good, what feels right.;Brian Eno;art
Art is Art. Everything else is everything else.;Ad Reinhardt;art
All art constantly aspires towards the condition of music.;Walter Pater;art
I've got tonnes of aboriginal and Native American art, but I'd like even more.;Tori Amos;art
I don't want life to imitate art. I want life to be art.;Ernst Fischer;art
I think most art comes out of poverty and hard times.;Willie Nelson;art
Your talent is your art. It is not to be taken for granted.;Paula Abdul;art
Our individual lives cannot, generally, be works of art unless the social order is also.;Charles Horton Cooley;art
You are welcome to your intellectual pastimes and books and art and newspapers welcome, too, to your bars and your whisky that only makes me ill. Here am I in the forest, quite content.;Knut Hamsun;art
The commonality between science and art is in trying to see profoundly - to develop strategies of seeing and showing.;Edward Tufte;art
Reason clears and plants the wilderness of the imagination to harvest the wheat of art.;Austin O'Malley;art
Censorship is to art as lynching is to justice.;Henry Louis Gates;art
The art world can be very intimidating because it's just so vast. You talk to people who are really clued in to all the young artists and coming into it you're never going to be able to catch up immediately, even though there's pressure to.;Daniel Radcliffe;art
I have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats. I tell them the truth and they never believe me.;Camillo di Cavour;art
There are so many opportunities in life, that the loss of two or three capabilities is not necessarily debilitating. A handicap can give you the opportunity to focus more on art, writing, or music.;Jim Davis;art
Art is the most passionate orgy within man's grasp.;John Donne;art
Smiles come naturally to me, but I started thinking of them as an art form at my command. I studied all the time. I looked at magazines, I'd practice in front of the mirror and I'd ask photographers about the best angles. I can now pull out a smile at will.;Tyra Banks;art
Art cannot result from sophisticated, frivolous, or superficial effects.;Hans Hofmann;art
It's an honor putting art above politics. Politics can be seductive in terms of things reductive to the soul.;Robert Redford;art
I'm not interested in pop art.;Billy Corgan;art
Wit as an instrument of revenge is as infamous as art is as a means of sensual titillation.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;art
In the world of language, or in other words in the world of art and liberal education, religion necessarily appears as mythology or as Bible.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;art
Because most people are not sufficiently employed in themselves, they run about loose, hungering for employment, and satisfy themselves in various supererogatory occupations. The easiest of these occupations, which have all to do with making things already made, is the making of people: it is called the art of friendship.;Laura Riding;art
An aphorism ought to be entirely isolated from the surrounding world like a little work of art and complete in itself like a hedgehog.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;art
Mathematics is, as it were, a sensuous logic, and relates to philosophy as do the arts, music, and plastic art to poetry.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;art
Form your life humanly, and you have done enough: but you will never reach the height of art and the depth of science without something divine.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;art
Nothing is as dangerous in architecture as dealing with separated problems. If we split life into separated problems we split the possibilities to make good building art.;Alvar Aalto;art
As I grew older, I realized that it was much better to insist on the genuine forms of nature, for simplicity is the greatest adornment of art.;Albrecht Durer;art
I think of art, at its most significant, as a DEW line, a Distant Early Warning system that can always be relied on to tell the old culture what is beginning to happen to it.;Marshall McLuhan;art
I'd love to go to art school. I'd love to learn how to draw. I'd love to be fluent in Spanish. I'd like to be a brain surgeon.;Billie Joe Armstrong;art
People of art should never get married and have children, because it's a selfish experience.;Mikhail Baryshnikov;art
It has always been difficult for Man to realize that his life is all an art. It has been more difficult to conceive it so than to act it so. For that is always how he has more or less acted it.;Havelock Ellis;art
Rule of art: Cant kills creativity!;Camille Paglia;art
Actually I think Art lies in both directions - the broad strokes, big picture but on the other hand the minute examination of the apparently mundane. Seeing the whole world in a grain of sand, that kind of thing.;Peter Hammill;art
Does art have a future? Performance genres like opera, theater, music and dance are thriving all over the world, but the visual arts have been in slow decline for nearly 40 years. No major figure of profound influence has emerged in painting or sculpture since the waning of Pop Art and the birth of Minimalism in the early 1970s.;Camille Paglia;art
And I have exposed myself to art so that my work has something beyond just the usual potter.;Beatrice Wood;art
Originality is the art of concealing your source.;Franklin P. Jones;art
Art is creative for the sake of realization, not for amusement... for transfiguration, not for the sake of play.;Max Beckmann;art
The strangeness will wear off and I think we will discover the deeper meanings in modern art.;Jackson Pollock;art
I don't need the money, dear. I work for art.;Maria Callas;art
Customs and convictions change respectable people are the last to know, or to admit, the change, and the ones most offended by fresh reflections of the facts in the mirror of art.;John Updike;art
When hospitality becomes an art it loses its very soul.;Max Beerbohm;art
A verbal art like poetry is reflective it stops to think. Music is immediate, it goes on to become.;W. H. Auden;art
It's a sad fact about our culture that a poet can earn much more money writing or talking about his art than he can by practicing it.;W. H. Auden;art
Art is our chief means of breaking bread with the dead.;W. H. Auden;art
The art of interpretation is not to play what is written.;Pablo Casals;art
I am trying to make art that relates to the deepest and most mythic concerns of human kind and I believe that, at this moment of history, feminism is humanism.;Judy Chicago;art
All works of art are commissioned in the sense that no artist can create one by a simple act of will but must wait until what he believes to be a good idea for a work comes to him.;W. H. Auden;art
In every work of art the subject is primordial, whether the artist knows it or not. The measure of the formal qualities is only a sign of the measure of the artist's obsession with his subject the form is always in proportion to the obsession.;Alberto Giacometti;art
To know how to suggest is the great art of teaching. To attain it we must be able to guess what will interest we must learn to read the childish soul as we might a piece of music. Then, by simply changing the key, we keep up the attraction and vary the song.;Henri Frederic Amiel;art
In fact, in many ways my mother was quite hippy-dippy, serving macrobiotic food and reading 'Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance.';Kristin Scott Thomas;art
Another unsettling element in modern art is that common symptom of immaturity, the dread of doing what has been done before.;Edith Wharton;art
Art is the signature of civilizations.;Beverly Sills;art
Although all the good arts serve to draw man's mind away from vices and lead it toward better things, this function can be more fully performed by this art, which also provides extraordinary intellectual pleasure.;Nicolaus Copernicus;art
The details are the very source of expression in architecture. But we are caught in a vice between art and the bottom line.;Arthur Erickson;art
Surrealism: An archaic term. Formerly an art movement. No longer distinguishable from everyday life.;Brad Holland;art
I try to give people a different way of looking at their surroundings. That's art to me.;Maya Lin;art
Translation is the art of failure.;Umberto Eco;art
Life is very nice, but it lacks form. It's the aim of art to give it some.;Jean Anouilh;art
I'm very happy to hear that my work inspires writers and painters. It's the most beautiful compliment, the greatest reward. Art should always be an exchange.;Nick Cave;art
Literature is the art of discovering something extraordinary about ordinary people, and saying with ordinary words something extraordinary.;Boris Pasternak;art
Raising children is a creative endeavor, an art rather than a science.;Bruno Bettelheim;art
The whole aspect of cinema and film festivals should be a moment to come together and celebrate art and humanity. It would be a shame if there was such a divide.;Keanu Reeves;art
The art of economics consists in looking not merely at the immediate but at the longer effects of any act or policy it consists in tracing the consequences of that policy not merely for one group but for all groups.;Henry Hazlitt;art
All art is exorcism. I paint dreams and visions too the dreams and visions of my time. Painting is the effort to produce order order in yourself. There is much chaos in me, much chaos in our time.;Otto Dix;art
Shadows sometimes people don't see shadows. The Chinese of course never paint them in pictures, oriental art never deals with shadow. But I noticed these shadows and I knew it meant it was sunny.;David Hockney;art
Success and the art of making music are two different things for me.;Norah Jones;art
People criticized me for my photography. They said it's not art.;David Hockney;art
I always feel like the art's there and I just see it, so it's not really a lot of work.;Damien Hirst;art
I went to art school actually when I was sixteen years old.;David Hockney;art
How can anybody learn anything from an artwork when the piece of art only reflects the vanity of the artist and not reality?;Lou Reed;art
Anyway I feel myself a bit on the edge on the art world, but I don't mind, I'm just pursuing my work in a very excited way. And there isn't really a mainstream anymore, is there?;David Hockney;art
If you don't get noticed, you don't have anything. You just have to be noticed, but the art is in getting noticed naturally, without screaming or without tricks.;Leo Burnett;art
It seems almost backwards to me that my music seems the more emotional outlet, and the art stuff seems more about ideas.;David Byrne;art
Real popular culture is folk art - coalminers' songs and so forth.;Noam Chomsky;art
I want to serve chess through games, books that are works of art. I would like to bring the game closer to many people all over the world.;Garry Kasparov;art
It's important to debunk the myths of Africa being this benighted continent civilized only when white people arrived. In fact, Africans had been creators of culture for thousands of years before. These were very intelligent, subtle and sophisticated people, with organized societies and great art.;Henry Louis Gates;art
In our life there is a single color, as on an artist's palette, which provides the meaning of life and art. It is the color of love.;Marc Chagall;art
I want art to make me think. In order to do that, it may piss me off, or make me uncomfortable. That promotes awareness and change, or at least some discussion.;Pink;art
Art is vice. You don't marry it legitimately, you rape it.;Edgar Degas;art
Controversy is part of the nature of art and creativity.;Yoko Ono;art
Oh yeah, I mean every fighter has got be dedicated, learn how to sacrifice, know what the devotion is all about, make sure you're paying attention and studying your art.;Marvin Hagler;art
I am an anarchist in politics and an impressionist in art as well as a symbolist in literature. Not that I understand what these terms mean, but I take them to be all merely synonyms of pessimist.;Henry Adams;art
The Dancer believes that his art has something to say which cannot be expressed in words or in any other way than by dancing.;Doris Humphrey;art
Life is like art. You have to work hard to keep it simple and still have meaning.;Charles de Lint;art
Ability is the art of getting credit for all the home runs somebody else hits.;Casey Stengel;art
Interpretation is the revenge of the intellectual upon art.;Susan Sontag;art
The 1990s, after the reign of terror of academic vandalism, will be a decade of restoration: restoration of meaning, value, beauty, pleasure, and emotion to art and restoration of art to its audience.;Camille Paglia;art
In an era ruled by materialism and unstable geopolitics, art must be restored to the center of public education.;Camille Paglia;art
Because most of my career in the classroom has been at art schools (beginning at Bennington in the 1970s), I am hyper-aware of the often grotesque disconnect between commentary on the arts and the actual practice or production of the arts.;Camille Paglia;art
One of the main reasons I am so drawn to Hitchcock is that he planned his shots way in advance on story-boards, which he designed like classic paintings (he was an art connoisseur). It's why he found shooting on set boring - because he had already composed the film in his head.;Camille Paglia;art
Madonna remains the most visible performer on the planet, as well as one of the wealthiest, but would anyone seriously say that artistic self-development is her primary motivating principle? She is too busy with Kabbalah, fashion merchandising, adoption melodramas, the gym, and ill-starred horseback riding to study art.;Camille Paglia;art
It's high time for the art world to admit that the avant-garde is dead. It was killed by my hero, Andy Warhol, who incorporated into his art all the gaudy commercial imagery of capitalism (like Campbell's soup cans) that most artists had stubbornly scorned.;Camille Paglia;art
To me, art supplies are always okay to buy.;Louis C. K.;art
Art is something to be proud of. Art is no compromise.;Christian Bale;art
But theater, because of its nature, both text, images, multimedia effects, has a wider base of communication with an audience. That's why I call it the most social of the various art forms.;Wole Soyinka;art
The problem is that once the rules of art are debunked, and once the unpleasant realities the irony diagnoses are revealed and diagnosed, 'then' what do we do?;David Foster Wallace;art
Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully on canvas or write wonderful poetry. I like making deals, preferably big deals. That's how I get my kicks.;Edward Koch;art
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death.;Earl Wilson;art
