Thousands of years and many civilizations have defined a marriage as the union between one man and one woman. With few exceptions, those civilizations that did not follow that perished.;Randy Neugebauer;marriage
Forty-five States, as the gentleman just said, have determined by people that were elected by the people of that State that marriage is the definition of one man and one woman.;Randy Neugebauer;marriage
I figure no matter how old you are, it's always going to be your first marriage and no life experience is going to make you a better judge of who you should marry.;Utada Hikaru;marriage
Either marriage is a destiny, I believe, or there is no sense in it at all, it's a piece of humbug.;Max Frisch;marriage
Gay marriage has jumped out of the closet on to the front page. Everyone from the president of the U.S. to retired four-star general Colin Powell is embracing the issue, now supported by most Americans. Still, a few people, like former First Lady Laura Bush appear to be conflicted.;Kitty Kelley;marriage
It was the courts, of course, that took away prayer from our schools, that took away Bible reading from our schools. It's the courts that gave us same-sex marriage. So it is quite a battlefield, and the Supreme Court is the highest court in the land.;Rod Parsley;marriage
I was one of 14 senators to vote against the Defense of Marriage Act. I thought it was a harsh and unnecessary thing to do to people across this country who care enough about each other to want to be married.;Russ Feingold;marriage
At my core, what I think we need to do is to get the basics right again. We need to rebuild our family structure, stay away from redefining marriage, and stand by marriage as a union between a man and a woman.;Sam Brownback;marriage
I believe in the sanctity of marriage.;Sam Brownback;marriage
My own early crusade for same-sex marriage, for example, is now mainstream gay politics. It wasn't when I started.;Andrew Sullivan;marriage
When I first started talking about gay marriage, most people in the gay community looked at me as if I was insane or possibly a fascist reactionary.;Andrew Sullivan;marriage
So I really did stop and change what I saw I was about, and really try to put that principle into play as the center of everything - my friendships, my marriage, my career, my family, my way of being in the world. And that changed everything for me.;Kathy Mattea;marriage
People ask what the secret of a happy marriage is. If there is one, it's 'don't talk about it.';Jane Asher;marriage
I look back to when I got divorced in the late 1970s. When that happened, I was so broken up. After that, I decided to seek God for my life and my next marriage.;Ricky Skaggs;marriage
I took the fear of marriage from my parents' relationship, because I didn't want to end up in a relationship like that, whereas my brothers and sisters learnt a lesson from it and made sure they didn't carry it on into their own marriages.;John Mahoney;marriage
I don't think he cheated on me. During the marriage, I think he was there.;Marla Maples;marriage
I was made to believe there was a plan in place for ending Donald's previous marriage. I pulled away because I wanted to allow him the time to deal with his wife.;Marla Maples;marriage
My parents were both from Scotland, but had been resident in Lower Canada some time before their marriage, which took place in Montreal and in that city I spent most of my life.;Maria Monk;marriage
I have a very intense marriage.;James Ellroy;marriage
I'm looking forward to talking to Bill Parcells, too, and to seeing how that marriage with Jerry Jones goes.;Lisa Guerrero;marriage
Let me first state that I believe that marriage is a sacred union between one man and one woman.;Judy Biggert;marriage
Second, marriage is an issue that our Founding Fathers wisely left to the states.;Judy Biggert;marriage
In a broken marriage, it can be challenging and tough to get that work/life balance. I love performing but I also love being a mum, and I hate having to choose between them.;Toni Braxton;marriage
I had a happy marriage and a nice wife. I accomplished everything you can. What more can you want?;Max Schmeling;marriage
I went through a long period of time in that marriage when I didn't believe anything was my fault. I had to face what my part was, and only because of that difficult work was I able to trust a man again.;Connie Sellecca;marriage
I do not support a constitutional amendment to prohibit gay marriage.;Corrine Brown;marriage
Marriage has historically been in the domain of the States to regulate.;Corrine Brown;marriage
I've always believed the two best anti-poverty programs are work and marriage.;Jim Talent;marriage
The old welfare system was hurting people by discouraging work and marriage. Welfare reform, and now this legislation, will build on the understanding that work and strong families are the foundation upon which we build our future.;Jim Talent;marriage
I think that marriage is an amazing institution and should be preserved, and you can have great marriages, and you must because sharing your life with someone is like the greatest thing. And I loved being able to set a good example for that on television.;Jenna Elfman;marriage
I think I'm a combination of very simple pleasures and the fact I've read a lot of books. I don't think it's a binary opposition across the board in humans and I think I'm an example that it's not. I'm hosting gay marriage rallies and I have tons of guns at home. There's a lot of middle ground in the world and I'm one of those people.;Dax Shepard;marriage
Men act out like they're horrified by marriage, but when they find the woman of their dreams, they love it.;Rachel Hunter;marriage
Marriage may often be a stormy lake, but celibacy is almost always a muddy horse pond.;Thomas Love Peacock;marriage
I feel strongly for gay marriage to be accepted.;Bernadette Peters;marriage
Next month, I will celebrate my 30th anniversary of marriage with my beautiful bride, Vicki. Our marriage has been a blessing. I have gained even more respect for the institution over the past 3 decades and will defend it against attack.;Todd Tiahrt;marriage
I listen to the people. That was a big reason for my life, maybe the main reason, I'm singing because I love it when people say to me, 'Thank you.' I thank them. It's a marriage.;Julio Iglesias;marriage
I mean, for all of his faults and the troubles in his marriage, Bill Clinton is still married to a girl he met in the library 25 years ago at school. Can we say that about many of our other leaders today in America, including on the right wing?;Paul Begala;marriage
Today, I will vote in support of the Marriage Protection Amendment. I shall do so because like President Bush, I strongly believe that marriage should be between a man and a woman.;Nick Lampson;marriage
I am for gay marriage. Or same-sex marriage. I don't want to say it the wrong way. I think people are sensitive to it. I have been painted as being this right-wing zealot on choice. Nothing could be further from the truth.;Harold Ford;marriage
Marriage is the grave or tomb of wit.;Margaret Cavendish;marriage
Although we hardly see each other off the set, Joy and I get along well when we do. As far as the marriage between Nathan and Haley, I think they are young and will see the reality of the situation eventually.;James Lafferty;marriage
The whole Haley-Nathan marriage deal was a pretty good twist huh? I hope we got all of you with it. That particular story line even suprised me when I read it, it's a good one and it'll provide for some good stories to come.;James Lafferty;marriage
There are powerful emotions that bring two people together in wonderful harmony in a marriage. Satan knows this, and would tempt you to try these emotions outside of marriage. Do not stir emotions meant to be used only in marriage.;Richard G. Scott;marriage
I think that every state in the union should recognize same-sex marriage.;Cass Sunstein;marriage
We can practice tolerance while still holding true to cultural values that protect the institution of marriage as a union between only a man and a woman.;Ken Calvert;marriage
I think there are some people in life who are not marriage material and Chris is one of them.;Sharon Gless;marriage
It was not a healthy marriage for long time. It was never about another man, it was about what my and Dennis's relationship could not sustain.;Meg Ryan;marriage
I'm the only man in the world with a marriage licence made out to whom it may concern.;Mickey Rooney;marriage
I used to have a theory actually that, if you've had a good childhood, a good marriage and a little bit of money in the bank, you're going to make a lousy comedian.;David Steinberg;marriage
Stability is why society has an interest in marriage.;Gene Robinson;marriage
The state's interest in marriage is stability. Generally speaking, polygamy does not work for stability. Inherent in the whole polygamous movement is a deep and abiding misogyny and denigration of women. So polygamy is objectionable on lots of grounds.;Gene Robinson;marriage
College is a place to keep warm between high school and an early marriage.;George Gobel;marriage
Instead, I think over the years we have cut the strength of marriage and relationships by the law and weakened the institution. We have tried to deal with relationships with no-fault divorce, with child custody, with so many other avenues and it has not helped.;Timothy Murphy;marriage
Culture and tradition have to change little by little. So 'new' means a little twist, a marriage of Japanese technique with French ingredients. My technique. Indian food, Korean food I put Italian mozzarella cheese with sashimi. I don't think 'new new new.' I'm not a genius. A little twist.;Masaharu Morimoto;marriage
But to sustain a marriage for 50 years, you have to get real a little bit and find someone who is understanding and who you can grow with. My mom always says, 'Marry the man who loves you a millimeter more.';Ali Larter;marriage
The most important thing for a good marriage is to learn how to argue peaceably.;Anita Ekberg;marriage
Mama and Daddy King represent the best in manhood and womanhood, the best in a marriage, the kind of people we are trying to become.;Coretta Scott King;marriage
I'm a little skeptical about using the Constitution this way, but I also believe marriage is between a man and a woman and that the courts shouldn't legislate this matter.;Pete Coors;marriage
You're not just going out there, maybe sacrificing your own life. There's also sacrifices still going on at home. You can serve in the military and have a good marriage, but you just need to be aware of it so you can take those steps to take care of it.;Chris Kyle;marriage
I'd love to have children, and I think marriage is great, I really do.;Jennifer Jason Leigh;marriage
It's very trying on a marriage when you're doing a one hour show, week after week after week. You don't have enough time for people that maybe you should have top priority.;Gavin MacLeod;marriage
To us marriage is first, everything else is second.;Julie Benz;marriage
I do not believe that defending traditional marriage between one man and one woman excludes anybody or usurps anybody's civil rights and denies anybody their civil rights.;Alan Autry;marriage
If you leave your wife and you don't ever contact her again, that says something about how you felt about the marriage.;H. G. Bissinger;marriage
I found marriage somewhat stifling. I don't know that I am the kind of man who ought to be married.;Burt Lancaster;marriage
What we need are not prohibitory marriage laws, but a reformed society, an educated public opinion which will teach individual duty in these matters.;Alfred Russel Wallace;marriage
I know I'm guilty of and I think a lot of people are guilty of sort of getting starry-eyed with love and sort of looking over the bad things and keep going and you don't really prepare for how much work marriage really is.;John Krasinski;marriage
That is why I fought against abortion and that is why if I were still in the Senate I would be doing everything I could to defend the sanctity of marriage.;Jesse Helms;marriage
I'm knocking our pitiful, pathetic lawmakers. And I thank God that President Bush has stated, we need a Constitutional amendment that states that marriage is between a man and a woman.;Jimmy Swaggart;marriage
I know in my own marriage I stayed in it to provide my son with what I thought was a stable background and to give him what I thought was the family life a child should have with two parents. But that isn't always the best way, and it took me taking my son to therapy after the divorce to really see it.;Regina King;marriage
I think church and state should remain entirely separate at all costs, and that the decision of religious marriage should be of each faith to debate and decide free of political influence.;Adam Rickitt;marriage
I have a wonderful marriage and two great kids.;Kelly Preston;marriage
I did know Ted Hughes and I partly wrote the book to explain to myself and others the complexities of a marriage that was for six years wonderfully productive of poetry and then ended in tragedy.;Anne Stevenson;marriage
I found it an interesting portrait of a marriage in exploring notions of how one partner supports the other, whilst not jeopardizing the greater good - which is the family.;Rachel Griffiths;marriage
I know there are a lot of readers that think I've got a very crappy marriage just because of the things going on with Rick and Lori but there's really nothing that's been like a mirror. I'm just making this stuff up.;Robert Kirkman;marriage
No Government has the moral authority to dismantle the universally understood meaning of marriage.;Keith O'Brien;marriage
The church's teaching on marriage is unequivocal, it is uniquely, the union of a man and a woman and it is wrong that governments, politicians or parliaments should seek to alter or destroy that reality.;Keith O'Brien;marriage
If marriage can be redefined so that it no longer means a man and a woman but two men or two women, why stop there? Why not allow three men or a woman and two men to constitute a marriage?;Keith O'Brien;marriage
There is no doubt that, as a society, we have become blase about the importance of marriage as a stabilising influence and less inclined to prize it as a worthwhile institution.;Keith O'Brien;marriage
Clearly, if it is sensible to hold a referendum on independence, it is crucial that we have one on marriage. It is the only way the country can move forward on this issue. Let all those who have a view on this subject place their trust in the Scottish people and let Scotland decide.;Keith O'Brien;marriage
I believe it's a real tedious hostage negotiation to have a marriage be what it is.;Brad Garrett;marriage
When I got married in my twenties, I had a happy marriage and happy kids but at some point in time I let it go off the rails I let it go off the rails.;Stuart Rose;marriage
My parents had a wonderful marriage, but it was a very dependent relationship. My mother was entirely dependent on my father because that's how it was in those days.;Erika Slezak;marriage
President Bush has a record of cutting taxes, has provided a prescription drug benefit for seniors, has upheld the Second Amendment and remains committed to stopping liberal activists judges who are redefining marriage.;Bill Shuster;marriage
The definition of marriage cannot be disputed. It's right there in black and white and it's been the same since the start of Wikipedia.;Jesse Tyler Ferguson;marriage
Well, my personal mission statement is that we want marriage equality in all 50 states. We want it not to be a state-by-state issue. We don't want it to be something the majority is voting on. I don't think the civil rights of any minority should be in the hands of any majority.;Jesse Tyler Ferguson;marriage
As an actor, you just want to work, and then you just want to be on a show or have a job that you love, and you hope that job will last - those things have happened. To have that platform to then talk about something that is very personal to me like marriage equality, it feels like a gift. I try and really respect that voice and not abuse it.;Jesse Tyler Ferguson;marriage
We are very puritan in America. We still hold true to these really antiquated values, this idea of the sanctity of marriage.;Zoe Lister-Jones;marriage
They make Spy Kids, they make Scream, they make A Scary Movie. This doesn't do that, so it could be a very bad marriage. I'm trying to keep this potential nightmare quiet because we're just finishing editing.;Terry Gilliam;marriage
I routinely never discuss my marriage. It's nice to have things in my life that are totally mine.;Ryan Adams;marriage
I've always wanted to be independent and answer for myself. That probably is the part of me I would class to be feminist. I'd like to have children marriage I have a bit of an issue with.;Kelly Brook;marriage
No marriage can stand up under the strain of incessant association.;Johnny Weissmuller;marriage
I'm not that big a fan of marriage as an institution and I don't know why women need to have children to be seen as complete human beings.;Marisa Tomei;marriage
I have been doing marriage counseling for about 15 years and I realized that what makes one person feel loved, doesn't make another person feel loved.;Gary Chapman;marriage
I have a lady, she's a great lady. I love her a lot, she loves me. We're on the same page. Whenever that day happens when we're not on the same page we'll move forward with it. We're interested in having our lives be our lives right now and not a third person's vis-a-vis marriage and whatever that means.;Jon Hamm;marriage
It couldn't be a simpler answer. Marriage doesn't really mean anything to me. I feel like in many ways marriage is more for the families of the couple than for the people involved, so I don't gravitate to it.;Jon Hamm;marriage
It wasn't a good idea to work on 'Naked' in the first months of a marriage. I was living apart from my wife in a flat overflowing with books I was reading for the part.;David Thewlis;marriage
I have no useful theories about love and marriage.;Michael Cunningham;marriage
Marriage, if one will face the truth, is an evil, but a necessary evil.;Menander;marriage
