In youth we learn in age we understand.;Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach;age
Believe me, that was a happy age, before the days of architects, before the days of builders.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;age
I have the problems of, I must confess, old age.;Billy Graham;age
Not just in commerce but in the world of ideas too our age is putting on a veritable clearance sale. Everything can be had so dirt cheap that one begins to wonder whether in the end anyone will want to make a bid.;Soren Kierkegaard;age
Bad news isn't wine. It doesn't improve with age.;Colin Powell;age
It were a real increase of human happiness, could all young men from the age of nineteen be covered under barrels, or rendered otherwise invisible and there left to follow their lawful studies and callings, till they emerged, sadder and wiser, at the age of twenty-five.;Thomas Carlyle;age
People who refuse to rest honorably on their laurels when they reach retirement age seem very admirable to me.;Helen Hayes;age
Not to expose your true feelings to an adult seems to be instinctive from the age of seven or eight onwards.;George Orwell;age
The heart never grows better by age I fear rather worse, always harder. A young liar will be an old one, and a young knave will only be a greater knave as he grows older.;Lord Chesterfield;age
For age is opportunity no less Than youth itself, though in another dress, And as the evening twilight fades away The sky is filled with stars, invisible by day.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;age
Age is a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it don't matter.;Satchel Paige;age
Have regular hours for work and play make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.;Louisa May Alcott;age
Admiration of the proletariat, like that of dams, power stations, and aeroplanes, is part of the ideology of the machine age.;Bertrand Russell;age
But the age of chivalry is gone. That of sophisters, economists, and calculators has succeeded and the glory of Europe is extinguished forever.;Edmund Burke;age
Childhood: the period of human life intermediate between the idiocy of infancy and the folly of youth - two removes from the sin of manhood and three from the remorse of age.;Ambrose Bierce;age
Experience is a revelation in the light of which we renounce our errors of youth for those of age.;Ambrose Bierce;age
My view is that at a younger age your optimism is more and you have more imagination etc. You have less bias.;Abdul Kalam;age
The ruling ideas of each age have ever been the ideas of its ruling class.;Karl Marx;age
In the information age, you don't teach philosophy as they did after feudalism. You perform it. If Aristotle were alive today he'd have a talk show.;Timothy Leary;age
Once I planned to write a book of poems entirely about the things in my pocket. But I found it would be too long and the age of the great epics is past.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;age
The harvest of old age is the recollection and abundance of blessing previously secured.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;age
It is the spirit of the age to believe that any fact, no matter how suspect, is superior to any imaginative exercise, no matter how true.;Gore Vidal;age
The arrogance of age must submit to be taught by youth.;Edmund Burke;age
The biggest disease this day and age is that of people feeling unloved.;Princess Diana;age
Old age: the crown of life, our play's last act.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;age
I think women should start to embrace their age. What's the alternative to getting older? You die. I can't change the day I was born. But I can take care of my skin, my body, my mind, and try to live my life and be happy.;Olivia Munn;age
Age is getting to know all the ways the world turns, so that if you cannot turn the world the way you want, you can at least get out of the way so you won't get run over.;Miriam Makeba;age
Few women, I fear, have had such reason as I have to think the long sad years of youth were worth living for the sake of middle age.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;age
One crowded hour of glorious life is worth an age without a name.;Walter Scott;age
Wives are young men's mistresses, companions for middle age, and old men's nurses.;Francis Bacon;age
Wisdom doesn't necessarily come with age. Sometimes age just shows up all by itself.;Tom Wilson;age
It is a blessed thing that in every age some one has had the individuality enough and courage enough to stand by his own convictions.;Robert Green Ingersoll;age
And in my own life, in my own small way, I've tried to give back to this country that has given me so much. That's why I left a job at a law firm for a career in public service, working to empower young people to volunteer in their communities. Because I believe that each of us - no matter what our age or background or walk of life - each of us has something to contribute to the life of this nation.;Michelle Obama;age
No lying knight or lying priest ever prospered in any age, but especially not in the dark ones. Men prospered then only in following an openly declared purpose, and preaching candidly beloved and trusted creeds.;John Ruskin;age
A man does not die of love or his liver or even of old age he dies of being a man.;Miguel de Unamuno;age
It is with an old love as it is with old age a man lives to all the miseries, but is dead to all the pleasures.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;age
I cried on my 18th birthday. I thought 17 was such a nice age. You're young enough to get away with things, but you're old enough, too.;Liv Tyler;age
We live in an age when to be young and to be indifferent can be no longer synonymous. We must prepare for the coming hour. The claims of the Future are represented by suffering millions and the Youth of a Nation are the trustees of Posterity.;Benjamin Disraeli;age
Age shouldn't affect you. It's just like the size of your shoes - they don't determine how you live your life! You're either marvellous or you're boring, regardless of your age.;Steven Morrissey;age
Rashness belongs to youth prudence to old age.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;age
Many believe - and I believe - that I have been designated for this work by God. In spite of my old age, I do not want to give it up I work out of love for God and I put all my hope in Him.;Michelangelo;age
Old age is a tyrant, who forbids, under pain of death, the pleasures of youth.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;age
The defects of the mind, like those of the face, grow worse with age.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;age
The enemy of society is middle class and the enemy of life is middle age.;Orson Welles;age
Some say that the age of chivalry is past, that the spirit of romance is dead. The age of chivalry is never past, so long as there is a wrong left unredressed on earth.;Charles Kingsley;age
Man has no Body distinct from his Soul for that called Body is a portion of Soul discerned by the five Senses, the chief inlets of Soul in this age.;William Blake;age
Do you remember when you were 10 or 11 years old and you really thought your folks were the best? They were completely omniscient and you took their word for everything. And then you got older and you went through this hideous age when suddenly they were the devil, they were bullies, and they didn't know anything.;Chuck Palahniuk;age
This is the patent age of new inventions for killing bodies, and for saving souls. All propagated with the best intentions.;Lord Byron;age
The mind that is wise mourns less for what age takes away than what it leaves behind.;William Wordsworth;age
The age of chivalry is past. Bores have succeeded to dragons.;Charles Dickens;age
Anything you cannot relinquish when it has outlived its usefulness possesses you, and in this materialistic age a great many of us are possessed by our possessions.;Peace Pilgrim;age
Like many women my age, I am 28 years old.;Mary Schmich;age
Life, an age to the miserable, and a moment to the happy.;Francis Bacon;age
We are always the same age inside.;Gertrude Stein;age
I am, as I've said, merely competent. But in an age of incompetence, that makes me extraordinary.;Billy Joel;age
Swing voters are more appropriately known as the 'idiot voters' because they have no set of philosophical principles. By the age of fourteen, you're either a Conservative or a Liberal if you have an IQ above a toaster.;Ann Coulter;age
If you live to be one hundred, you've got it made. Very few people die past that age.;George Burns;age
Old age is far more than white hair, wrinkles, the feeling that it is too late and the game finished, that the stage belongs to the rising generations. The true evil is not the weakening of the body, but the indifference of the soul.;Andre Maurois;age
Old age has its pleasures, which, though different, are not less than the pleasures of youth.;W. Somerset Maugham;age
Old age is when the liver spots show through your gloves.;Phyllis Diller;age
There is no absurdity so palpable but that it may be firmly planted in the human head if you only begin to inculcate it before the age of five, by constantly repeating it with an air of great solemnity.;Arthur Schopenhauer;age
Those who improve with age embrace the power of personal growth and personal achievement and begin to replace youth with wisdom, innocence with understanding, and lack of purpose with self-actualization.;Bo Bennett;age
Nearly all the powerful people of this age are unbelievers, the best of them in doubt and misery, the most in plodding hesitation, doing as well as they can, what practical work lies at hand.;John Ruskin;age
What is an adult? A child blown up by age.;Simone de Beauvoir;age
Intelligent life on a planet comes of age when it first works out the reason for its own existence.;Richard Dawkins;age
I am of a healthy long lived race, and our minds improve with age.;William Butler Yeats;age
The wisdom of age: don't stop walking.;Mason Cooley;age
As the age of television progresses the Reagans will be the rule, not the exception. To be perfect for television is all a President has to be these days.;Gore Vidal;age
Before anything else, we need a new age of Enlightenment. Our present political systems must relinquish their claims on truth, justice and freedom and have to replace them with the search for truth, justice, freedom and reason.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;age
Age is strictly a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.;Jack Benny;age
'Age' is the acceptance of a term of years. But maturity is the glory of years.;Martha Graham;age
I think we ought to raise the age at which juveniles can have a gun.;George W. Bush;age
In this age, which believes that there is a short cut to everything, the greatest lesson to be learned is that the most difficult way is, in the long run, the easiest.;Henry Miller;age
A man is a fool if he drinks before he reaches the age of 50, and a fool if he doesn't afterward.;Frank Lloyd Wright;age
There are few things that we so unwillingly give up, even in advanced age, as the supposition that we still have the power of ingratiating ourselves with the fair sex.;Samuel Johnson;age
Age imprints more wrinkles in the mind than it does on the face.;Michel de Montaigne;age
I was confirmed at my prep school at the age of 13.;Richard Dawkins;age
Love has no age, no limit and no death.;John Galsworthy;age
What makes old age hard to bear is not the failing of one's faculties, mental and physical, but the burden of one's memories.;W. Somerset Maugham;age
I have always paid income tax. I object only when it reaches a stage when I am threatened with having nothing left for my old age - which is due to start next Tuesday or Wednesday.;Noel Coward;age
In my youth I stressed freedom, and in my old age I stress order. I have made the great discovery that liberty is a product of order.;Will Durant;age
And I'm afraid, in this day and age, trust, which I count so, you know, I love loyalty. I love trust.;Elton John;age
My dad encouraged us to fail. Growing up, he would ask us what we failed at that week. If we didn't have something, he would be disappointed. It changed my mindset at an early age that failure is not the outcome, failure is not trying. Don't be afraid to fail.;Sara Blakely;age
What is the worst of woes that wait on age? What stamps the wrinkle deeper on the brow? To view each loved one blotted from life's page, And be alone on earth, as I am now.;Lord Byron;age
Age is a matter of feeling, not of years.;Washington Irving;age
A tart temper never mellows with age, and a sharp tongue is the only edged tool that grows keener with constant use.;Washington Irving;age
Canada has a passive-aggressive culture, with a lot of sarcasm and righteousness. That went with my weird messianic complex. The ego is a fascinating monster. I was taught from a young age that I had to serve, so that turned into me thinking I had to save the planet.;Alanis Morissette;age
Discrimination due to age is one of the great tragedies of modern life. The desire to work and be useful is what makes life worth living, and to be told your efforts are not needed because you are the wrong age is a crime.;Johnny Ball;age
An artist must be a reactionary. He has to stand out against the tenor of the age and not go flopping along.;Andre Maurois;age
What turns me on about the digital age, what excited me personally, is that you have closed the gap between dreaming and doing. You see, it used to be that if you wanted to make a record of a song, you needed a studio and a producer. Now, you need a laptop.;Bono;age
I have always felt that a woman has the right to treat the subject of her age with ambiguity until, perhaps, she passes into the realm of over ninety. Then it is better she be candid with herself and with the world.;Carl Sandburg;age
Nice to be here? At my age it's nice to be anywhere.;George Burns;age
Though the Jazz Age continued it became less and less an affair of youth. The sequel was like a children's party taken over by the elders.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;age
Each age has deemed the new-born year the fittest time for festal cheer.;Walter Scott;age
Our age knows nothing but reaction, and leaps from one extreme to another.;Reinhold Niebuhr;age
The philosophies of one age have become the absurdities of the next, and the foolishness of yesterday has become the wisdom of tomorrow.;William Osler;age
I saw no African people in the printed and illustrated Sunday school lessons. I began to suspect at this early age that someone had distorted the image of my people. My long search for the true history of African people the world over began.;John Henrik Clarke;age
In order to fix Social Security, we must restructure it so that we continue to provide for our Nation's seniors that are approaching retirement age, but allow for younger taxpayers to invest a portion of their Social Security taxes in private accounts.;Herman Cain;age
No lie ever reaches old age.;Sophocles;age
