A few years ago you couldn't go from TV to film. It was like a 'no no' but I believe when you find a plan and purpose that God has for your life, there's not anything man can do to you. Especially when your faith is not really standing in the wisdom of man, you're really standing in the wisdom of God.;Derek Luke;wisdom
I left school at 16 but I wish I'd gone to university - I think I would have studied English literature. I had a knack for that. But I don't think you have the kind of wisdom at 16 to make that decision.;Brendan Coyle;wisdom
It is not white hair that engenders wisdom.;Menander;wisdom
As far as feeling freedom in my career now versus five years ago... I think if I feel any more free it's simply because of the experiences that I've had, and the wisdom I've accumulated from that time.;Mary Chapin Carpenter;wisdom
The current wisdom now is that if the three networks are covering the news the same way the difference is the anchor people. I think that won't be true in the future.;Roone Arledge;wisdom
All human wisdom works and has worries and grief as reward.;Johann Georg Hamann;wisdom
He read his mind. He's a strange sort of man, isn't he? It's not just the advice and the wisdom that he has.;Omar Sharif;wisdom
Remembering is painful, it's difficult, but it can be inspiring and it can give wisdom.;Paul Greengrass;wisdom
Most things break, including hearts. The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.;Wallace Stegner;wisdom
Losing faith in your own singularity is the start of wisdom, I suppose also the first announcement of death.;Peter Conrad;wisdom
If they can prove that I am wrong by that time, I will give it up to their wisdom, but not after to any one's judgment, till I see the end of another year for the Lord will begin with a new century and I will see what he will do, before I will hearken to any man's judgment.;Joanna Southcott;wisdom
You want people walking away from the conversation with some kernel of wisdom or some kind of impact.;Harry Dean Stanton;wisdom
Follow the wisdom of the great actor, James Cagney, you hit your mark, you look the other guy in the eye, and you tell the truth.;Larry Merchant;wisdom
The seven wise men of Greece, so famous for their wisdom all the world over, acquired all that fame, each of them, by a single sentence consisting of two or three words.;Robert South;wisdom
This age thinks better of a gilded fool Than of a threadbare saint in wisdom's school.;Thomas Dekker;wisdom
The 'wisdom of the crowds' is the most ridiculous statement I've heard in my life. Crowds are dumb.;Drew Curtis;wisdom
However, I must not indulge in homespun wisdom here before so distinguished an assembly, especially as I am to be followed by a representative of science.;Knut Hamsun;wisdom
Wisdom alone is true ambition's aim, wisdom the source of virtue, and of fame, obtained with labour, for mankind employed, and then, when most you share it, best enjoyed.;William Whitehead;wisdom
Writing is no dying art form in America because most published writers here accept the wisdom and the necessity of encouraging the talent that follows in their footsteps.;Elizabeth George;wisdom
Much of the wisdom of one age, is the folly of the next.;Charles Simmons;wisdom
I have studied many philosophers and many cats. The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior.;Hippolyte Taine;wisdom
Courage is always the surest wisdom.;Wilfred Grenfell;wisdom
The study of history is the beginning of political wisdom.;Jean Bodin;wisdom
Learning how to get in tune with your field of energy and understand how to create your energy, expand that energy, and move that energy through your body. Coming back to your center, and approaching life from that center-to-line place... That to me gave me strength and understanding and hopefully wisdom to solve life's problems and challenges.;Erin Gray;wisdom
India is known for its sobriety and wisdom, balanced and sensible thinking. We need strong institutions and we need good governance in the country.;Pratibha Patil;wisdom
I love the music of Lauryn Hill and Erykah Badu and more recently the music of Laura Marling. All these women share a strength and a wisdom in their voices and music that really makes me want to make music and sing.;Lianne La Havas;wisdom
The arts, quite simply, nourish the soul. They sustain, comfort, inspire. There is nothing like that exquisite moment when you first discover the beauty of connecting with others in celebration of larger ideals and shared wisdom.;Gordon Gee;wisdom
Any successful nominee should possess both the temperament to interpret the law and the wisdom to do so fairly. The next Supreme Court Justice should have a record of protecting individual rights and a strong willingness to put aside any political agenda.;Bennie Thompson;wisdom
After all my possessions had been burned, God gave me the wisdom to return to Jerusalem.;Shmuel Y. Agnon;wisdom
I am not one who was born in the custody of wisdom I am one who is fond of olden times and intense in quest of the sacred knowing of the ancients.;Gustave Courbet;wisdom
They see me as being this Super Mom on TV who also can more than handle a difficult husband, and they assume I'm going to be just full of wisdom as a mother and wife myself.;Patricia Richardson;wisdom
During the long process of history, by relying on our own diligence, courage and wisdom, Chinese people have opened up a good and beautiful home where all ethnic groups live in harmony and fostered an excellent culture that never fades.;Xi Jinping;wisdom
It may be assumed as an axiom that Providence has never gifted any political party with all of political wisdom or blinded it with all of political folly.;John George Nicolay;wisdom
Wisdom prepares for the worst, but folly leaves the worst for the day when it comes.;Richard Cecil;wisdom
To comprehend the Wisdom of this Injunction the better, and explain the Duty before us, it should be considered, that Government is the only Means by which human Happiness can be attained.;Charles Inglis;wisdom
But the law of God came from heaven indeed. God wrote it with his finger, it is the fountain of all wisdom, and therefore shall it continue for ever, and never have an end.;John Jewel;wisdom
They are few in the midst of an overwhelming mass of brute force, and their submission is wisdom but for a nation like England to submit to be robbed by any invader who chooses to visit her shores seemed to me to be nonsense.;George Combe;wisdom
Wisdom is a kind of knowledge. It is knowledge of the nature, career, and consequences of human values.;Sidney Hook;wisdom
There's always a miasma of misinformation emerging from the higher education sector as to which are the 'best' courses to take. My advice would always be to ignore the perceived wisdom and look for the most reliable evidence on the ground.;David Puttnam;wisdom
Memory is not wisdom idiots can by rote repeat volumes. Yet what is wisdom without memory?;Martin Farquhar Tupper;wisdom
I continue to believe, contrary to the given wisdom, that it's more interesting to have an album - or, indeed, an individual song - which has variety rather than homogeneity.;Peter Hammill;wisdom
Be there a will, and wisdom finds a way.;George Crabbe;wisdom
I see a wiser person than when I was younger: having babies, and passing 30, were the turning points. What women in their 40s - I am 39 - lack in gorgeousness, they make up for in wisdom. I love ageing, despite the drawbacks - thinner, drier skin.;Thandie Newton;wisdom
Knowledge is the consequence of time, and multitude of days are fittest to teach wisdom.;Jeremy Collier;wisdom
Books give not wisdom where none was before. But where some is, there reading makes it more.;Elizabeth Hardwick;wisdom
And it is no less true, that personal security and private property rest entirely upon the wisdom, the stability, and the integrity of the courts of justice.;Joseph Story;wisdom
Wisdom sails with wind and time.;John Florio;wisdom
To avoid entangling alliances has been a maxim of our policy ever since the days of Washington, and its wisdom no one will attempt to dispute.;James Buchanan;wisdom
Your law may be perfect, your knowledge of human affairs may be such as to enable you to apply it with wisdom and skill, and yet without individual acquaintance with men, their haunts and habits, the pursuit of the profession becomes difficult, slow, and expensive.;William Dunbar;wisdom
I don't want to put a pause on the rest of my life I'm really enjoying getting older and the wisdom that comes from that.;Rosemarie DeWitt;wisdom
As an instrument for practical action, law is responsive to the wisdom of its time, which may be wrong, but it carries forward, sometimes in opposition to this wisdom or passion, a memory of received values.;Edward Levi;wisdom
And, if we have any evidence that the wisdom which formed the plan is in the man, we have the very same evidence, that the power which executed it is in him also.;Thomas Reid;wisdom
While many of us never knew Ronald Reagan personally, we felt close to him because we shared his lighthearted sense of humor, admired his uncommon virtue, and were moved by his remarkable wisdom.;Randy Forbes;wisdom
What could be more lonely than to be enveloped in silence, to be the last of your people to speak your native tongue, to have no way to pass on the wisdom of the elders, to anticipate the promise of the children. This tragic fate is indeed the plight of someone somewhere roughly every two weeks.;Wade Davis;wisdom
I chose Sony Classics, not just because of their practical experience, not just because of their wisdom in marketing, but mainly because of their integrity.;Arthur Cohn;wisdom
If the highest things are unknowable, then the highest capacity or virtue of man cannot be theoretical wisdom.;Leo Strauss;wisdom
We don't pray for the land. We pray for the humans, all humans... starting with the president, Mohammed Morsi, and all officials, and for God to give everyone wisdom and responsibility to manage the affairs of this country and its people in true Egyptian spirit.;Pope Theodoros II;wisdom
Hatred is corrosive of a person's wisdom and conscience the mentality of enmity can poison a nation's spirit, instigate brutal life and death struggles, destroy a society's tolerance and humanity, and block a nation's progress to freedom and democracy.;Liu Xiaobo;wisdom
Instead of looking at life as a narrowing funnel, we can see it ever widening to choose the things we want to do, to take the wisdom we've learned and create something.;Liz Carpenter;wisdom
I think in conventional magazine wisdom, you need to have a redesign every decade or so.;Timothy White;wisdom
One reason the human race has such a low opinion of itself is that it gets so much of its wisdom from writers.;Wilfrid Sheed;wisdom
In regard of the rich grace and wisdom of his love toward his people for who sees not, but that it is a curse to be unready as these foolish virgins, who were therefore shut out.;Thomas Shepard;wisdom
Knowledge is a process of piling up facts wisdom lies in their simplification.;Martin Henry Fischer;wisdom
The result showed the wisdom of your orders.;John Bigelow;wisdom
I actually think with age comes some level of wisdom.;Nina Totenberg;wisdom
This ceremony and the intellectual aura associated with the Nobel Prizes have grown from the wisdom of a practical chemist who wrote a remarkable will.;Stanford Moore;wisdom
Wisdom denotes the pursuing of the best ends by the best means.;Francis Hutcheson;wisdom
A proverb is the wisdom of many and the wit of one.;Lord John Russell;wisdom
Yale is a crucible in American life for the accommodation of intellectual achievement, of wisdom, of refinement, with the democratic ideals of openness, of social justice and of equal opportunity.;Benno C. Schmidt, Jr.;wisdom
A woman is like a tea bag - you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water.;Eleanor Roosevelt;women
I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot.;Marilyn Monroe;women
Ah, women. They make the highs higher and the lows more frequent.;Friedrich Nietzsche;women
The age of a woman doesn't mean a thing. The best tunes are played on the oldest fiddles.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;women
As usual, there is a great woman behind every idiot.;John Lennon;women
Women don't want to hear what you think. Women want to hear what they think - in a deeper voice.;Bill Cosby;women
Men are April when they woo, December when they wed. Maids are May when they are maids, but the sky changes when they are wives.;William Shakespeare;women
No doubt exists that all women are crazy it's only a question of degree.;W. C. Fields;women
Women have always been the strong ones of the world. The men are always seeking from women a little pillow to put their heads down on. They are always longing for the mother who held them as infants.;Coco Chanel;women
Man does not control his own fate. The women in his life do that for him.;Groucho Marx;women
Clever and attractive women do not want to vote they are willing to let men govern as long as they govern men.;George Bernard Shaw;women
After all those years as a woman hearing 'not thin enough, not pretty enough, not smart enough, not this enough, not that enough,' almost overnight I woke up one morning and thought, 'I'm enough.';Anna Quindlen;women
I like intelligent women. When you go out, it shouldn't be a staring contest.;Frank Sinatra;women
Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.;Oprah Winfrey;women
If women were particular about men's characters, they would never get married at all.;George Bernard Shaw;women
A women who doesn't wear perfume has no future.;Coco Chanel;women
When women go wrong, men go right after them.;Mae West;women
Being the boss anywhere is lonely. Being a female boss in a world of mostly men is especially so.;Robert Frost;women
Most women set out to try to change a man, and when they have changed him they do not like him.;Marlene Dietrich;women
I'm supposed to have a Ph.D. on the subject of women. But the truth is I've flunked more often than not. I'm very fond of women I admire them. But, like all men, I don't understand them.;Frank Sinatra;women
Men and women belong to different species and communications between them is still in its infancy.;Bill Cosby;women
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.;Timothy Leary;women
Women must tell men always that they are the strong ones. They are the big, the strong, the wonderful. In truth, women are the strong ones. It is just my opinion, I am not a professor.;Coco Chanel;women
I don't know why women want any of the things men have when one the things that women have is men.;Coco Chanel;women
Plain women know more about men than beautiful women do.;Katharine Hepburn;women
Women have simple tastes. They get pleasure out of the conversation of children in arms and men in love.;H. L. Mencken;women
I always play women I would date.;Angelina Jolie;women
I never realized until lately that women were supposed to be the inferior sex.;Katharine Hepburn;women
I think God made a woman to be strong and not to be trampled under the feet of men. I've always felt this way because my mother was a very strong woman, without a husband.;Little Richard;women
You see a lot of smart guys with dumb women, but you hardly ever see a smart woman with a dumb guy.;Erica Jong;women
