I tour alone. There's no sound check, no back up. I stay with the hosts I am in a family home and it's really nourishing. I just have to remember after the show not to run out into the living room in my pyjamas. Every day, it's a new relationship being built. It's odd and wonderful.;Jane Siberry;alone
I hope this will help new moms not feel alone or desperate, and that there is no shame in their feelings. PPD is out of their control, but the treatment and healing process is not.;Brooke Shields;alone
It's good that the first half of the speech emphasized freedom, because George W. Bush has been the global champion for freedom. As he said, if we don't fight tyranny it will not leave us alone in peace.;Ernest Istook;alone
All my fans tell me what a glamorous life I have, but I tell them how hard I work and how many nights I spend alone with my dogs, eating chicken pot pie in my bedroom.;Shannen Doherty;alone
I've been left alone, even by the paparazzi, because what sells is sex and scandal. Absent that, they really don't have much interest in you. I'm still married, still working, still happy.;Matt Damon;alone
Although born in a prosperous realm, we did not believe that its boundaries should limit our knowledge, and that the lore of the East should alone enlighten us.;Charles de Secondat;alone
Science and vision are not opposites or even at odds. They need each other. I sometimes hear other startup folks say something along the lines of: 'If entrepreneurship was a science, then anyone could do it.' I'd like to point out that even science is a science, and still very few people can do it, let alone do it well.;Eric Ries;alone
A movie like House of the Dead with around $7 million budget or Alone in the Dark with around $16 million budget are much easier to make profit than the typical $50 million major motion picture.;Uwe Boll;alone
If you're truly in a band and you guys have been together for a long time, there's a family bond that you have. In fact, I've talked about this with therapists, especially if you're talking about a relationship, because when you're with somebody, you're going to your family, and she's alone.;Gary Allan;alone
I mean one of the things about being alone is that you've no people to define yourself off, I mean, people are like all-round mirrors, because let's face it, we don't often see ourselves all round in a mirror anyway, do we.;Diana Wynne Jones;alone
The devil had as good have let Paul alone, for he no sooner comes into prison but he falls a preaching, at which the gates of Satan's prison fly open, and poor sinners come forth.;William Gurnall;alone
Every three days on average, I am alone on stage, facing the public.;Placido Domingo;alone
But in the end, in the end one is alone. We are all of us alone. I mean I'm told these days we have to consider ourselves as being in society... but in the end one knows one is alone, that one lives at the heart of a solitude.;Harold Bloom;alone
The Jew does not wish to be isolated. He fears being alone, without allies.;Meir Kahane;alone
I think that in itself is kind of an amazing achievement to be able to say that your full-time career is in any creative arts, let alone a show that has kept people interested for coming on four seasons and hopefully more.;Anna Paquin;alone
In today's interdependent world, a threat to one becomes a menace to all. And no state can defeat these challenges and threats alone.;Michelle Bachelet;alone
Artists walk alone.;Ezra Miller;alone
Christmas lights may be the loneliest thing for me, especially if you mix them up with reindeers and sleighs. I feel alone. I feel isolated. I feel I do not belong.;Mira Nair;alone
In my cranky old age, I actually prefer recording alone now, on 'The Simpsons,' for example, because I find that the director can just focus on what I'm doing and I can do a lot of variations. A lot of times, when I record with a group, I'll stay after class for another hour or two.;Hank Azaria;alone
I'm so secluded. Very alone.;Yves Saint Laurent;alone
It felt like the first thing, but when I first started out, I got a job adapting a book by Russell Banks called 'Rule Of The Bone.' I didn't do a very good job. I didn't really know what I was doing in general, let alone how to adapt a book.;Paul Thomas Anderson;alone
Let me alone: I have yet my legs and one arm. Tell the surgeon to make haste and his instruments. I know I must lose my right arm, so the sooner it's off the better.;Horatio Nelson;alone
On the stage, you alone hold the key, and on the night you have to trust that the director has inspired you enough to take the material and run with it.;Greta Scacchi;alone
We cannot know the whole truth, which belongs to God alone, but our task nevertheless is to seek to know what is true. And if we offend gravely enough against what we know to be true, as by failing badly enough to deal affectionately and responsibly with our land and our neighbors, truth will retaliate with ugliness, poverty, and disease.;Wendell Berry;alone
I am convinced that living in an enclave shapes the personality, and living alone shapes the personality too.;Mary Douglas;alone
European investment in Texas alone exceeds all U.S. investment in China and Japan put together.;John Bruton;alone
There's great sadness and life doesn't work out like you would want, on a lot of levels, but there's no need to feel all alone. This happens to everybody, so there's no self-pity. This is the ride that humans are on, and all of it is essential for our natural part of it.;Mike Mills;alone
I like to be alone so I can write. But focus can hurt you. I don't want to be some stress casualty in early middle age.;James Ellroy;alone
I am aware that in presenting myself as the advocate of the Indians and their rights, I shall stand very much alone.;Sam Houston;alone
A singer for me is more like someone who is standing alone with a microphone like Scott Walker, rather than someone who is bashing a plank and is spitting all over a microphone.;Graham Coxon;alone
You have to respect your audience. Without them, you're essentially standing alone, singing to yourself.;K. D. Lang;alone
She goes through the vale of death alone, each time a babe is born. As it is the right neither of man nor the state to coerce her into this ordeal, so it is her right to decide whether she will endure it.;Margaret Sanger;alone
There's nobody else on the face of this earth that's playing a sport at a highest level... with a transplant. That alone continues to inspire me, because I realize throughout the whole world the struggles that people are going through. I need to inspire them the best way I can.;Alonzo Mourning;alone
This communication alone, by the comparison of the antagonisms, rivalries, movements which give birth to decisive moments, permits the evolution of the soul, whereby a man realizes himself on earth. It is impossible to be concerned with anything else in art.;Robert Delaunay;alone
I think all teenagers feel alone, and that nobody else knows what they are going through and all that sort of stuff.;Nicholas Hoult;alone
Life certainly points it out to you - 'you can go this way or the other way.' You have to decide and it's a very strong decision because, would you sleep well knowing that you're living in the best place, but you're letting the place where you should live alone?;Gael Garcia Bernal;alone
People with fertility problems are not alone. It is a very very common problem for couples today. I've seen statistics that are just staggering.;Michael Zaslow;alone
No One Is Alone by Stephen Sondheim is all about thinking for yourself and being your own person.;Bernadette Peters;alone
I sailboat raced, I love to go out on my motorcycle alone, but I also love my family dearly. I love that aspect of my life as well.;Bob Seger;alone
Shockingly, a University of Pennsylvania study says the number of young people addicted to gambling - largely due to increased exposure to the Internet and Internet gambling - grew by an alarming 20 percent between 2004 and 2005 alone.;Spencer Bachus;alone
My early childhood prepared me to be a social psychologist. I grew up in a South Bronx ghetto in a very poor family. From Sicilian origin, I was the first person in my family to complete high school, let alone go to college.;Philip Zimbardo;alone
Anyone who writes knows that ultimately the majority of your time is spent alone in a room with a piano or a guitar, no matter what the project is.;Trey Anastasio;alone
You have to understand the tone of the movie, because if it's supposed to be funny, it can be funny violent like the Home Alone stuff, but you have to really understand the tone of what you're doing and make the action work for that and for the character.;David R. Ellis;alone
As the only girl growing up among three brothers, I was always afraid of being excluded. If there was a game to be played, a sport to be learned, a competition to join, I was on my feet and ready. I didn't spend much time alone for fear that I'd miss out.;Elisabeth Shue;alone
I like to read books and be alone I'm not social butterfly person.;Hope Solo;alone
I don't know. I think it's funny! I think it's funny! I go, what? It's so absurd. I'm alone.;Danny DeVito;alone
I personally love to run outdoor fitness trails. I love the meditative value I get when out alone, challenging myself to run faster and higher.;Laurieann Gibson;alone
I can work myself up into a fearful, paralyzing state of mind that can last for days, weeks even months where I feel mad, totally isolated and alone, overwhelmed and completely out of control.;Vinny Guadagnino;alone
I can't write without a reader. It's precisely like a kiss - you can't do it alone.;John Cheever;alone
Glasgow's not a media center. When you're there, when you're hanging about, you feel quite detached from musical movements or fashions or anything like that. You do feel quite alone, in a good way.;Alex Kapranos;alone
I believe in capitalism for everybody, not necessarily high finance but capitalism that works for the working men and women of this country who are out there paddling alone in America right now.;Rick Santorum;alone
But there's not enough time in life to go sit at a party, have a drink, and make idle conversation. There's too many important things to do. Just being together with my husband, spending time alone, which I have very little of.;Pia Zadora;alone
Tell me who is able to keep his bed chaste, or which goddess is able to live with one god alone?;Sextus Propertius;alone
A book is sent out into the world, and there is no way of fully anticipating the responses it will elicit. Consider the responses called forth by the Bible, Homer, Shakespeare - let alone contemporary poetry or a modern novel.;Chaim Potok;alone
I feel completely alone - it's like melting, I am the structure, and I am also Alain Robert.;Alain Robert;alone
I love working with a cast and a group of people every day, which is different than recording because you're usually pretty isolated and alone. They serve as a good balance for each other.;Idina Menzel;alone
I mean Buckingham Palace has never hired a professional public relations outfit let alone a Madison Avenue type and they would throw up their hands in horror at the very idea.;Anthony Holden;alone
Mr. Churchill is proud of Britain's stand alone, after France had fallen and before America entered the War.;Eamon de Valera;alone
I'm actually not an exhibitionist at all. When you get onstage and you get under the lights playing music, I feel more hidden and more alone than anywhere else. You hide behind your music and let your emotions come out through the music.;Tim McGraw;alone
I love nicknames. It makes me feel loved. It makes me feel less alone in this world.;Ellen Page;alone
But there is a discomfort that surrounds grief. It makes even the most well-intentioned people unsure of what to say. And so many of the freshly bereaved end up feeling even more alone.;Meghan O'Rourke;alone
Despite the demands of this job, one of the things my wife and I try to do is to spend time together alone. And one of the things we really enjoy doing together is seeing a good movie.;Warren Christopher;alone
I have Graham Greene's telephone number, but I wouldn't dream of using it. I don't seek out writers because we all want to be alone.;Patricia Highsmith;alone
We are the only class in history that has been left to fight its battles alone, unaided by the ruling powers. White labor and the freed black men had their champions, but where are ours?;Elizabeth Cady Stanton;alone
I'm more like my father, personality-wise. But my mom and I get alone really well - obviously, because my mom and my dad get along so well.;Jenna Bush;alone
As I've gotten older I've occasionally found myself nostalgic for earlier periods of solitude, though I realize that's also likely a false nostalgia, as I know there was nothing I wanted more during those periods than to not be alone, whatever that means.;Chris Ware;alone
He alone loves the Creator perfectly who manifests a pure love for his neighbor.;Venerable Bede;alone
For every five well-adjusted and smoothly functioning Americans, there are two who never had the chance to discover themselves. It may well be because they have never been alone with themselves.;Marya Mannes;alone
Our ideal is to make her ever stronger and better and finer, because in that way alone, as we believe, can she be of the greatest service to the world's peace and to the welfare of mankind.;Henry Cabot Lodge;alone
Each year over 2,500 commercial vessels enter the Port of Hampton Roads alone, so adequate funding for port security is a significant issue for those of us who live in Richmond and Hampton Roads.;Bobby Scott;alone
I love the way you can fall in love with a piece of literature how words alone can get your heart doing that.;Laura Marling;alone
I need some isolation, it's necessary to me, that's just who I am. I need to be left alone.;Laura Marling;alone
When you have two busy kids running around the house, returning e-mails is a task, let alone surfing the web.;Tom Brady;alone
The way life manages information involves a logical structure that differs fundamentally from mere complex chemistry. Therefore chemistry alone will not explain life's origin, any more than a study of silicon, copper and plastic will explain how a computer can execute a program.;Paul Davies;alone
Perhaps the best motivation for going to Mars is political. It is obvious that no single nation currently has either the will or the resources to do it alone, but a consortium of nations and space agencies could achieve it within 20 years.;Paul Davies;alone
Should we find a second form of life right here on our doorstep, we could be confident that life is a truly cosmic phenomenon. If so, there may well be sentient beings somewhere in the galaxy wondering, as do we, if they are not alone in the universe.;Paul Davies;alone
One thing, however, is sure, - that in all cases the effort should be to impose all the cost of repairing the wrong upon the doer of the wrong. This alone is real justice, and of course such justice is necessarily free.;Benjamin Tucker;alone
Sisters are always drying their hair. Locked into rooms, alone, they pose at the mirror, shoulders bare, trying this way and that their hair, or fly importunate down the stair to answer the telephone.;Phyllis McGinley;alone
We'll try to include Iraqi officers in our staffs. We will do everything we can to empower Iraqi security forces to stand up on their own and operate where they can alone.;John Abizaid;alone
I would as soon put a girl alone into a closet to meditate as give her only the society of her needle.;Maria Mitchell;alone
Fear is that thing that keeps you up there on that other plateau. Fear is that thing that just keeps you closed down, and quite frankly, alone.;Andrew Shue;alone
The White House alone cannot hold its opponents accountable.;Paul Weyrich;alone
Largely this is a class thing - writers tend to be cosseted little middle-class kiddies who think that the world owes them a royalty cheque. But just doing it - being in your room for years on end, locked in your head, alone with invented ghosts - it weakens and softens the body. And I know I can't just live in my head.;Tony Parsons;alone
However, democracy cannot be defined as the existence of parliaments and elections alone.;Recep Tayyip Erdogan;alone
But Socialism, alone, can bring self-determination of their peoples.;Karl Liebknecht;alone
By being friends with all, we are not alone.;Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa;alone
No man is an island. No man stands alone.;Dennis Brown;alone
Music is one of those things that make us feel a little less alone in the world.;Tom Cochrane;alone
In a world that is constantly changing, there is no one subject or set of subjects that will serve you for the foreseeable future, let alone for the rest of your life. The most important skill to acquire now is learning how to learn.;John Naisbitt;alone
Today osteoporosis affects more than 75 million people in the United States, Europe and Japan and causes more than 2.3 million fractures in the USA and Europe alone.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;alone
I think Jersey stands alone, and because I'm from Jersey, I never make fun of where people are from. I'll make fun of what they look like, but I'll never make fun of where they are from. Jersey is special.;Jeff Ross;alone
I'm vulnerable to criticism. Any artist is, because you work alone in your studio and, until recently, critics were the only way you'd get any feedback.;Howard Hodgkin;alone
I have tried to be a leader. I have tried in my role of being one of the first women at Google, let alone the first woman to have a baby, to really try to set the tone that this is a great place to work for diversity reasons.;Susan Wojcicki;alone
To really be centered and to really work well and to think about the kinds of things that I need to think about, I need to spend large amounts of time alone.;Donna Tartt;alone
Why has not anyone seen that fossils alone gave birth to a theory about the formation of the earth, that without them, no one would have ever dreamed that there were successive epochs in the formation of the globe.;Georges Cuvier;alone
I have always been very obsessed with time. Time's passage makes us all very vulnerable and because we all experience it in our own way, it can make us feel very alone.;John Barton;alone
Human beings do not live in the objective world alone, nor alone in the world of social activity as ordinarily understood, but are very much at the mercy of the particular language which has become the medium of expression for their society.;Edward Sapir;alone
I very much wished not to be noticed, and to be left alone, and I sort of succeeded.;Mary Oliver;alone
After I lost my fiance, it seemed like it would be better to always be alone than to risk being hurt again.;Nancy Grace;alone
