In a completely sane world, madness is the only freedom.;J. G. Ballard;freedom
I felt extremely uncomfortable as the focal point, in the spotlight. I really like the behind the scenes role, because all my freedom is there.;Brian Eno;freedom
The general interest of the masses might take the place of the insight of genius if it were allowed freedom of action.;Denis Diderot;freedom
When we talk of freedom and opportunity for all nations, the mocking paradoxes in our own society become so clear they can no longer be ignored.;Wendell Willkie;freedom
For you who no longer posses it, freedom is everything, for us who do, it is merely an illusion.;Emile M. Cioran;freedom
Negation is the mind's first freedom, yet a negative habit is fruitful only so long as we exert ourselves to overcome it, adapt it to our needs once acquired it can imprison us.;Emile M. Cioran;freedom
We chose more freedom instead of more government. We chose the principles of our founding to solve the challenges of our time. We chose a special man to lead us in a special time. We chose Mitt Romney to lead our nation.;Marco Rubio;freedom
I think there's some connection between absolute discipline and absolute freedom.;Alan Rickman;freedom
In 1960, when I came out of prison as an ex-convict, I had more freedom under parolee supervision than there's available... in America right now.;Merle Haggard;freedom
It is very easy to make clear what you want a film to say, but I did not wish to engage in overt propaganda, even for the right cause. I wanted to create an experience through the films, something where people could have the freedom of their own response to them.;Godfrey Reggio;freedom
Among the many values in life, I appreciate freedom most.;Haruki Murakami;freedom
It is clear that not in one thing alone, but in many ways equality and freedom of speech are a good thing.;Herodotus;freedom
And it's one thing to give people freedom and something else to deny the rights of Christians to assert their faith in order to keep Hindus from feeling upset.;Pat Robertson;freedom
The day will dawn when all the people of Ireland will have the desire for freedom to show. It is then we'll see the rising of the moon.;Bobby Sands;freedom
Not to sound overly cheesy but I really appreciate the freedom we have in America - especially as a female.;Katy Perry;freedom
The political core of any movement for freedom in the society has to have the political imperative to protect free speech.;Bell Hooks;freedom
Among the best traitors Ireland has ever had, Mother Church ranks at the very top, a massive obstacle in the path to equality and freedom. She has been a force for conservatism... to ward off threats to her own security and influence.;Bernadette Devlin;freedom
It requires greater courage to preserve inner freedom, to move on in one's inward journey into new realms, than to stand defiantly for outer freedom. It is often easier to play the martyr, as it is to be rash in battle.;Rollo May;freedom
No people in history have ever survived who thought they could protect their freedom by making themselves inoffensive to their enemies.;Dean Acheson;freedom
We are living in the excesses of freedom. Just take a look at 42nd Street and Broadway.;Will Durant;freedom
Civilization is the order and freedom is promoting cultural activity.;Will Durant;freedom
Every therapeutic cure, and still more, any awkward attempt to show the patient the truth, tears him from the cradle of his freedom from responsibility and must therefore reckon with the most vehement resistance.;Alfred Adler;freedom
In health there is freedom. Health is the first of all liberties.;Henri Frederic Amiel;freedom
Old age, calm, expanded, broad with the haughty breadth of the universe, old age flowing free with the delicious near-by freedom of death.;Edith Wharton;freedom
Once I know people know who I am, it gives me a lot of licence and freedom to behave in ways I wouldn't normally.;Larry David;freedom
But it wasn't until I graduated from Texas A &amp M University and joined the United States Air Force, flying C-130's all around the globe, that I truly appreciated the blessings of freedom.;Rick Perry;freedom
I'm not a drug addict. My wild period wasn't about drugs it was about sexual freedom.;Calvin Klein;freedom
The State is the altar of political freedom and, like the religious altar, it is maintained for the purpose of human sacrifice.;Emma Goldman;freedom
As long as there is rape... there is not going to be any peace or justice or equality or freedom. You are not going to become what you want to become or who you want to become. You are not going to live in the world you want to live in.;Andrea Dworkin;freedom
There's a certain amount of freedom involved in cycling: you're self-propelled and decide exactly where to go. If you see something that catches your eye to the left, you can veer off there, which isn't so easy in a car, and you can't cover as much ground walking.;David Byrne;freedom
The magic of America is that we're a free and open society with a mixed population. Part of our security is our freedom.;Madeleine Albright;freedom
The idea that men are created free and equal is both true and misleading: men are created different they lose their social freedom and their individual autonomy in seeking to become like each other.;David Riesman;freedom
It was so much fun to have the freedom to wander America, with no assignments. For 25 or 30 years I never had an assignment. These were all stories I wanted to do myself.;Charles Kuralt;freedom
Freedom cannot be given... It can only be taken away.;David Allan Coe;freedom
I had spent many years pursuing excellence, because that is what classical music is all about... Now it was dedicated to freedom, and that was far more important.;Nina Simone;freedom
There are lots of people out there who think they know the truth about God and religion, but does anybody really know for sure? That's why the founding fathers built freedom of religious belief into the structure of this nation, so that everybody could make up their minds for themselves.;Jesse Ventura;freedom
True freedom requires the rule of law and justice, and a judicial system in which the rights of some are not secured by the denial of rights to others.;Jonathan Sacks;freedom
But if people want to swim in the Thames, if they want to take their lives into their own hands, then they should be able to do so with all the freedom and exhilaration of our woad-painted ancestors.;Boris Johnson;freedom
We in the United States should be all the more thankful for the freedom and religious tolerance we enjoy. And we should always remember the lessons learned from the Holocaust, in hopes we stay vigilant against such inhumanity now and in the future.;Charlie Dent;freedom
A nice, easy place for freedom of speech to be eroded is comics, because comics are a natural target whenever an election comes up.;Neil Gaiman;freedom
The current total of countries in the world with First Amendments is one. You have guaranteed freedom of speech. Other countries don't have that.;Neil Gaiman;freedom
We know there is no such thing as freedom without the risk of failure.;Rick Perry;freedom
Fortunately, somewhere between chance and mystery lies imagination, the only thing that protects our freedom, despite the fact that people keep trying to reduce it or kill it off altogether.;Luis Bunuel;freedom
We need the children of Indonesia and the Philippines to manufacture our freedom of choice.;Marc Maron;freedom
And we can celebrate when we have a government that has earned back the trust of the people it serves... when we have a government that honors our Constitution and stands up for the values that have made America, America: economic freedom, individual liberty, and personal responsibility.;John Boehner;freedom
Hamas is a terrorist organization dedicated to annihilating the Jewish state. It runs a theocratic totalitarian state in Gaza, with no individual liberty, and no freedom of speech or press.;Dennis Prager;freedom
We know what works. Freedom Works. We know what's right. Freedom is right.;George H. W. Bush;freedom
To me, the American Dream is being able to follow your own personal calling. To be able to do what you want to do is incredible freedom.;Maya Lin;freedom
I can remember when Democrats believed that it was the duty of America to fight for freedom over tyranny.;Zell Miller;freedom
The cause of freedom is not the cause of a race or a sect, a party or a class-it is the cause of human kind, the very birthright of humanity.;Anna Julia Cooper;freedom
We call our country home of the brave and land of the free, but it's not. We give a false portrayal of freedom. We're not free - if we were, we'd allow people their freedom.;Jesse Ventura;freedom
The clash of ideas is the sound of freedom.;Lady Bird Johnson;freedom
A lot of people out there pay good lip service to the idea of personal freedom... right up to the point that someone tries to do something that they don't personally approve of.;Neal Boortz;freedom
The Ego is partly free. partly determined, and reaches fuller freedom by approaching the Individual who is most free: God.;Muhammad Iqbal;freedom
Man cannot be free if he does not know that he is subject to necessity, because his freedom is always won in his never wholly successful attempts to liberate himself from necessity.;Hannah Arendt;freedom
True human goodness, in all its purity and freedom, can come to the fore only when its recipient has no power.;Milan Kundera;freedom
Hero-worship is strongest where there is least regard for human freedom.;Herbert Spencer;freedom
America is just the country that how all the written guarantees in the world for freedom are no protection against tyranny and oppression of the worst kind. There the politician has come to be looked upon as the very scum of society.;Peter Kropotkin;freedom
What we have at present is a system of loss socialism. Whatever goes wrong is shouldered by the general public and anything that works is privatised. Worshippers of market freedom have suspended the most important economic principle: Risk and liability go hand in hand.;Sigmar Gabriel;freedom
In the literal sense, there has been no relevant evolution since the trek from Africa. But there has been substantial progress towards higher standards of rights, justice and freedom - along with all too many illustrations of how remote is the goal of a decent society.;Noam Chomsky;freedom
Political Freedom without economic equality is a pretense, a fraud, a lie and the workers want no lying.;Mikhail Bakunin;freedom
What Churchill described as the twin marauders of war and tyranny have been almost entirely banished from our continent. Today, hundreds of millions dwell in freedom, from the Baltic to the Adriatic, from the Western Approaches to the Aegean.;David Cameron;freedom
Today, hundreds of millions dwell in freedom, from the Baltic to the Adriatic, from the Western Approaches to the Aegean. And while we must never take this for granted, the first purpose of the European Union - to secure peace - has been achieved and we should pay tribute to all those in the EU, alongside Nato, who made that happen.;David Cameron;freedom
The enemies of freedom do not argue they shout and they shoot.;William Ralph Inge;freedom
It is the people who scream the loudest about America and Freedom who see to be the most intolerant for a differing point of view.;Rosanne Cash;freedom
To me, punk rock is the freedom to create, freedom to be successful, freedom to not be successful, freedom to be who you are. It's freedom.;Patti Smith;freedom
So sometimes the facts are good and sometimes the facts are bad, the important thing from the point of view of a principle as broad and important as freedom of speech is that the courts articulate and set forth in a very protective way what those principles are.;Floyd Abrams;freedom
I love to deer hunt and fish and drive down the back roads in my truck. All those things basically equal freedom to me - and not having to return that message or call from my record company or management. At some point, I need to recharge.;Blake Shelton;freedom
Institutions - government, churches, industries, and the like - have properly no other function than to contribute to human freedom and in so far as they fail, on the whole, to perform this function, they are wrong and need reconstruction.;Charles Horton Cooley;freedom
Freedom is such a gift.;Ryan Gosling;freedom
It is not the simple statement of facts that ushers in freedom it is the constant repetition of them that has this liberating effect. Tolerance is the result not of enlightenment, but of boredom.;Quentin Crisp;freedom
The American dream is about freedom.;Nancy Pelosi;freedom
Freedom is secured every day by our men and women in uniform. We must build a future worthy of their sacrifice.;Nancy Pelosi;freedom
The greatest enemy of individual freedom is the individual himself.;Saul Alinsky;freedom
I try to give the media as many confusing images as I can to retain my freedom. What's real is for my children and the people I live with.;Sting;freedom
One of the rewards of success is freedom, the ability to do whatever you like.;Sting;freedom
Ruin is the destination toward which all men rush, each pursuing his own best interest in a society that believes in the freedom of the commons.;Garrett Hardin;freedom
Freedom in a commons brings ruin to all.;Garrett Hardin;freedom
Freedom is the emancipation from the arbitrary rule of other men.;Mortimer Adler;freedom
The freedom to criticize judges and other public officials is necessary to a vibrant democracy. The problem comes when healthy criticism is replaced with more destructive intimidation and sanctions.;Sandra Day O'Connor;freedom
I love the freedom of movement that my phone gives me. That has definitely transformed my life.;Richard Branson;freedom
Until you have lost your reputation, you never realize what a burden it was or what freedom really is.;Margaret Mitchell;freedom
It is exactly because we are a city that embraces freedom, that welcomes everyone and encourages their dreams, that New York remains on the front lines in the war on terror.;Michael Bloomberg;freedom
Ironically, it is exactly because we are a city that embraces freedom, that welcomes everyone and encourages their dreams, that New York remains on the front lines in the war on terror.;Michael Bloomberg;freedom
I do think there are certain times we should infringe on your freedom.;Michael Bloomberg;freedom
To be honest, I've always had far too much freedom. I had a job when I was 10. I started living on my own when I was 17 or 18. I've earned my own money I've traveled the world. What would I rebel against?;Emma Watson;freedom
I'm a multidimensional person and that's the freedom of fashion: that you're able to reinvent yourself through how you dress and how you cut your hair or whatever.;Emma Watson;freedom
No one who has lived even for a fleeting moment for something other than life in its conventional sense and has experienced the exaltation that this feeling produces can then renounce his new freedom so easily.;Andre Breton;freedom
Remove advertising, disable a person or firm from proclaiming its wares and their merits, and the whole of society and of the economy is transformed. The enemies of advertising are the enemies of freedom.;David Ogilvy;freedom
Most men, after a little freedom, have preferred authority with the consoling assurances and the economy of effort it brings.;Walter Lippmann;freedom
So the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund is out there preserving and fighting for, and sometimes winning and sometimes losing, the fight for First Amendment rights in comics and, more generally, for freedom of speech.;Neil Gaiman;freedom
There's a glorious sense of freedom in comedy, just allowing myself to tell jokes, allowing myself to interrupt myself and tell old African folk stories that I made up - or didn't - and Jamaican stories.;Neil Gaiman;freedom
The worst enemy of truth and freedom in our society is the compact majority.;Henrik Ibsen;freedom
The pillars of truth and the pillars of freedom - they are the pillars of society.;Henrik Ibsen;freedom
Our forefathers got it they got it, man. They took godly principles and they put them into action, and they developed our Constitution - the land of freedom where each man is accountable and responsible for his actions.;Luke Scott;freedom
The First Amendment freedom of religion is as important today as when the Bill of Rights was first written.;Arlen Specter;freedom
One certain effect of war is to diminish freedom of expression.;Howard Zinn;freedom
Certain things happened in the early church. Women who had never had any freedom suddenly have the ability to stand up and speak and be treated as equals within the life of the church.;Tony Campolo;freedom
Their poverty secured their freedom, since our desires and our possessions are the strongest fetters of despotism.;Edward Gibbon;freedom
