I am what time, circumstance, history, have made of me, certainly, but I am also, much more than that. So are we all.;James A. Baldwin;time
No thieves, no traitors, no interventionists! This time the revolution is for real!;Fidel Castro;time
I tend to stay up late, not because I'm partying but because it's the only time of the day when I'm alone and don't have to be performing.;Jim Carrey;time
As we celebrate Recovery Month, it is time for Congress to knock down the barriers to treatment and recovery for 26 million Americans suffering the ravages of alcohol and drug addiction.;Jim Ramstad;time
From the time I was a kid, I always knew something was going to happen to me. Didn't know exactly what.;Elvis Presley;time
I do believe sometimes discipline is very important. I'm not just lying around like a lazy cow all the time.;Bjork;time
We are at our very best, and we are happiest, when we are fully engaged in work we enjoy on the journey toward the goal we've established for ourselves. It gives meaning to our time off and comfort to our sleep. It makes everything else in life so wonderful, so worthwhile.;Earl Nightingale;time
That's my only goal. Surround myself with funny people, and make sure everyone has a good time and works hard.;Joe Rogan;time
I never said I wanted to be around for a long time. I always said I wanted to be here for a good time.;Kid Rock;time
At least the Pilgrim Fathers used to shoot Indians: the Pilgrim Children merely punch time clocks.;e. e. cummings;time
Alcohol is a very patient drug. It will wait for the alcoholic to pick it up one more time.;Mercedes McCambridge;time
I'm in prison. But my heart and mind is free. Gangsta haters on the streets are doing more time than me. They need 30 police escorts with them every time they walk down the street.;Suge Knight;time
The boys of my people began very young to learn the ways of men, and no one taught us we just learned by doing what we saw, and we were warriors at a time when boys now are like girls.;Black Elk;time
The Super Bowl isn't for kids, I had a great time though and it was worth every nickel of it because by doing this lame piece about the game I can put it on my expense account.;Andy Rooney;time
Now I'm fighting cancer, everybody knows that. People ask me all the time about how you go through your life and how's your day, and nothing is changed for me.;Jim Valvano;time
Christmas is, of course, the time to be home - in heart as well as body.;Garry Moore;time
Acting has given me a way to channel my angst. I feel like an overweight, pimply faced kid a lot of the time - and finding a way to access that insecurity, and put it toward something creative is incredibly rewarding. I feel very lucky.;Ryan Reynolds;time
The first time you say something, it's heard. The second time, it's recognized, and the third time it's learned.;John C. Maxwell;time
I passionately hate the idea of being with it I think an artist has always to be out of step with his time.;Orson Welles;time
What will I be doing in twenty years' time? I'll be dead, darling! Are you crazy?;Freddie Mercury;time
Time flies over us, but leaves it shadow behind.;Nathaniel Hawthorne;time
A few years' experience will convince us that those things which at the time they happened we regarded as our greatest misfortunes have proved our greatest blessings.;George Mason;time
If you're climbing the ladder of life, you go rung by rung, one step at a time. Don't look too far up, set your goals high but take one step at a time. Sometimes you don't think you're progressing until you step back and see how high you've really gone.;Donny Osmond;time
Creative people don't behave very well generally. If you're looking for examples of good relationships in show business, you're gonna be depressed real fast. I don't have time for anything else right now but work and my daughter. She's my first priority.;Jim Carrey;time
If one is master of one thing and understands one thing well, one has at the same time, insight into and understanding of many things.;Vincent Van Gogh;time
Don't forget it's daylight savings time. You spring forward, then you fall back. It's like Robert Downey Jr. getting out of bed.;David Letterman;time
The richest love is that which submits to the arbitration of time.;Lawrence Durrell;time
Sometimes your friends are your lovers, or have been at one time.;Axl Rose;time
When I write stuff and I help cast it, I turn away good people all the time. I may turn them down because this one's too tall and that one doesn't have a high enough voice or this one looks to old to match up with that one - there's a billion reasons not to hire somebody.;Harvey Fierstein;time
I think there are certain folks in Missouri that don't trust government. And they haven't trusted government for a long time.;Claire McCaskill;time
Every time you walk down the street people are screaming, 'You're fired!';Donald Trump;time
Every time I write something, I think, this is the most offensive thing I will ever write. But no. I always surprise myself.;Chuck Palahniuk;time
It takes less time to do a thing right, than it does to explain why you did it wrong.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;time
I can mention many moments that were unforgettable and revelatory. But the most single revelatory three minutes was the first time I put on scuba gear and dived on a coral reef. It's just the unbelievable fact that you can move in three dimensions.;David Attenborough;time
A pain stabbed my heart as it did every time I saw a girl I loved who was going the opposite direction in this too-big world.;Jack Kerouac;time
Time goes on. So whatever you're going to do, do it. Do it now. Don't wait.;Robert De Niro;time
Old age is an excellent time for outrage. My goal is to say or do at least one outrageous thing every week.;Louis Kronenberger;time
If we don't get gun-control laws in this country, we are full of beans. To have the National Rifle Association rule the United States is pathetic. And I agree with Mayor Michael Bloomberg: It's time to put up or shut up about gun control for both parties.;Harvey Weinstein;time
In order to experience everyday spirituality, we need to remember that we are spiritual beings spending some time in a human body.;Barbara de Angelis;time
Love is a piano dropped from a fourth story window, and you were in the wrong place at the wrong time.;Ani DiFranco;time
Where does discontent start? You are warm enough, but you shiver. You are fed, yet hunger gnaws you. You have been loved, but your yearning wanders in new fields. And to prod all these there's time, the Bastard Time.;John Steinbeck;time
Aging gracefully is supposed to mean trying not to hide time passing and just looking a wreck. Don't worry girls, look like a wreck, that's the way it goes.;Jeanne Moreau;time
The way to work with a bully is to take the ball and go home. First time, every time. When there's no ball, there's no game. Bullies hate that. So they'll either behave so they can play with you or they'll go bully someone else.;Seth Godin;time
And as a character, what I found very inspiring about playing Dharma, especially at that time, is that the women on television were more neurotic than they were free. And I thought, this is a rare bird and this is unique on television and I think it's really refreshing.;Jenna Elfman;time
There are no secrets that time does not reveal.;Jean Racine;time
Try not to have a good time... this is supposed to be educational.;Charles M. Schulz;time
I like ice hockey, but it's a frustrating game to watch. It's hard to keep your eyes on both the puck and the players and too much time passes between scoring in hockey. There are usually more fights than there are points.;Andy Rooney;time
Our enemies can deal a blow to us any time they wish. They did not wait for permission to do this. They do not deal a blow with prior notice. They do not take action because they can't.;Mahmoud Ahmadinejad;time
Every possession and every happiness is but lent by chance for an uncertain time, and may therefore be demanded back the next hour.;Arthur Schopenhauer;time
Our birthdays are feathers in the broad wing of time.;Jean Paul;time
Any time you think you have the game conquered, the game will turn around and punch you right in the nose.;Mike Schmidt;time
Today, for the first time in history, a Bishop of Rome sets foot on English soil. This fair land, once a distant outpost of the pagan world, has become, through the preaching of the Gospel, a beloved and gifted portion of Christ's vineyard.;Pope John Paul II;time
The first time I sang in the church choir two hundred people changed their religion.;Fred Allen;time
You never give away your heart you lend it from time to time. If it were not so, how could we take it back without asking?;Jeanette Winterson;time
People might not think that, but the Republicans have all of the cards. And this is the time to get rid of Obamacare. This is the time to make the great deal.;Donald Trump;time
Children are smarter than any of us. Know how I know that? I don't know one child with a full time job and children.;Bill Hicks;time
The proper function of man is to live, not to exist. I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them. I shall use my time.;Jack London;time
And know that I am with you always yes, to the end of time.;Jesus Christ;time
You know, maybe I was just born in the wrong time, but I love all things romantic. Puffy understands that. For my last birthday, he covered my hotel room floor with rose petals and had flowers and candles all over the room.;Jennifer Lopez;time
Voting is a right best exercised by people who have taken time to learn about the issues.;Tony Snow;time
People who don't know me have opinions about me. That's the part that's very hurtful. Because how do you form an opinion about somebody if you've never met them or spent any time with them? So it's all based upon hearsay or things that they've read.;Rick Barry;time
You get ideas from daydreaming. You get ideas from being bored. You get ideas all the time. The only difference between writers and other people is we notice when we're doing it.;Neil Gaiman;time
To live in this world, you must be able to do three things: to love what is mortal to hold it against your bones knowing your own life depends on it and, when the time comes to let it go, to let it go.;Mary Oliver;time
If I have to move up in a building, I choose the elevator over the escalator. Because one time I was riding the escalator and I tripped. I fell down the stairs for an hour and a half.;Demetri Martin;time
I'm being treated like a sex object, cried the lady. No matter. I will take care of it, said Time soothingly.;Mason Cooley;time
Suicide, moreover, was at the time in vogue in Paris: what more suitable key to the mystery of life for a skeptical society?;Honore de Balzac;time
No story is the same to us after a lapse of time or rather we who read it are no longer the same interpreters.;George Eliot;time
Sixth grade was a big time, in my childhood, of hoops and friendship, and coming up with funny things.;Adam Sandler;time
All of the great leaders have had one characteristic in common: it was the willingness to confront unequivocally the major anxiety of their people in their time. This, and not much else, is the essence of leadership.;John Kenneth Galbraith;time
I do not read advertisements. I would spend all of my time wanting things.;Franz Kafka;time
October is a fine and dangerous season in America. a wonderful time to begin anything at all. You go to college, and every course in the catalogue looks wonderful.;Thomas Merton;time
I think an artist has always to be out of step with his time.;Orson Welles;time
A lot of people would be embarrassed to admit that they were on 'Barney', but I embrace the fact. I just had such a wonderful time doing that show. I learned what a camera and prop is, and all that. I learned my manners too, so I guess that's a good thing!;Selena Gomez;time
Nixon is one of the few in the history of this country to run for high office talking out of both sides of his mouth at the same time and lying out of both sides.;Harry S. Truman;time
It's plain hokum. If you can't convince 'em, confuse 'em. It's an old political trick. But this time it won't work.;Harry S. Truman;time
It's time to get real, folks. Hope and change ain't working. Hope and change is not a solution. Hope and change is not a job.;Herman Cain;time
No country can act wisely simultaneously in every part of the globe at every moment of time.;Henry A. Kissinger;time
To be a Negro in this country and to be relatively conscious is to be in a rage almost all the time.;James A. Baldwin;time
It is better to travel well than to arrive.;Buddha;travel
Perhaps travel cannot prevent bigotry, but by demonstrating that all peoples cry, laugh, eat, worry, and die, it can introduce the idea that if we try and understand each other, we may even become friends.;Maya Angelou;travel
One travels more usefully when alone, because he reflects more.;Thomas Jefferson;travel
Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;travel
The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.;Saint Augustine;travel
Never go on trips with anyone you do not love.;Ernest Hemingway;travel
What does it mean to pre-board? Do you get on before you get on?;George Carlin;travel
I dislike feeling at home when I am abroad.;George Bernard Shaw;travel
I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.;Robert Louis Stevenson;travel
We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls.;Anais Nin;travel
If you wish to travel far and fast, travel light. Take off all your envies, jealousies, unforgiveness, selfishness and fears.;Cesare Pavese;travel
Reminds me of my safari in Africa. Somebody forgot the corkscrew and for several days we had to live on nothing but food and water.;W. C. Fields;travel
To travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries.;Aldous Huxley;travel
Travel, in the younger sort, is a part of education in the elder, a part of experience.;Francis Bacon;travel
I've always enjoyed traveling and having experience with different cultures and different people. But it's also a wonderful thing to be able to benefit and enable research, not only in our country but around the world.;Laurel Clark;travel
The traveler sees what he sees, the tourist sees what he has come to see.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;travel
When traveling with someone, take large does of patience and tolerance with your morning coffee.;Helen Hayes;travel
No one realizes how beautiful it is to travel until he comes home and rests his head on his old, familiar pillow.;Lin Yutang;travel
Like all great travellers, I have seen more than I remember, and remember more than I have seen.;Benjamin Disraeli;travel
He travels the fastest who travels alone.;Rudyard Kipling;travel
Travelers repose and dream among my leaves.;William Blake;travel
