The art of government is to make two-thirds of a nation pay all it possibly can pay for the benefit of the other third.;Voltaire;government
Society in every state is a blessing, but government, even in its best stage, is but a necessary evil in its worst state an intolerable one.;Thomas Paine;government
It's not tyranny we desire it's a just, limited, federal government.;Alexander Hamilton;government
A democratic government is the only one in which those who vote for a tax can escape the obligation to pay it.;Alexis de Tocqueville;government
I believe there is something out there watching us. Unfortunately, it's the government.;Woody Allen;government
On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does.;Will Rogers;government
Now, let me be clear. The path I lay out is not one paved with ever increasing government checks and cradle to grave assurance that government will always be the solution. If this election is a bidding war for who can promise the most goodies and the most benefits, I'm not your president. You have that president today.;Mitt Romney;government
Government is an association of men who do violence to the rest of us.;Leo Tolstoy;government
There are many people who feel that it is useless and futile to continue talking about peace and non-violence against a government whose only reply is savage attacks on an unarmed and defenceless people.;Nelson Mandela;government
Things in our country run in spite of government, not by aid of it.;Will Rogers;government
If you make any money, the government shoves you in the creek once a year with it in your pockets, and all that don't get wet you can keep.;Will Rogers;government
Many people want the government to protect the consumer. A much more urgent problem is to protect the consumer from the government.;Milton Friedman;government
There is danger from all men. The only maxim of a free government ought to be to trust no man living with power to endanger the public liberty.;John Adams;government
I spent my whole life in the private sector, 25 years in the private sector. I understand that when government takes more money out of the hands of people, it makes it more difficult for them to buy things. If they can't buy things, the economy doesn't grow. If the economy doesn't grow, we don't put Americans to work.;Mitt Romney;government
It's easy being a humorist when you've got the whole government working for you.;Will Rogers;government
It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.;Will Rogers;government
The Great Depression, like most other periods of severe unemployment, was produced by government mismanagement rather than by any inherent instability of the private economy.;Milton Friedman;government
The greatest advances of civilization, whether in architecture or painting, in science and literature, in industry or agriculture, have never come from centralized government.;Milton Friedman;government
There is only one kind of freedom and that's individual liberty. Our lives come from our creator and our liberty comes from our creator. It has nothing to do with government granting it.;Ron Paul;government
The only sure bulwark of continuing liberty is a government strong enough to protect the interests of the people, and a people strong enough and well enough informed to maintain its sovereign control over the goverment.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;government
I am sometimes a fox and sometimes a lion. The whole secret of government lies in knowing when to be the one or the other.;Napoleon Bonaparte;government
I was ecstatic they re-named 'French Fries' as 'Freedom Fries'. Grown men and women in positions of power in the U.S. government showing themselves as idiots.;Johnny Depp;government
When one gets in bed with government, one must expect the diseases it spreads.;Ron Paul;government
I am absolutely opposed to a national ID card. This is a total contradiction of what a free society is all about. The purpose of government is to protect the secrecy and the privacy of all individuals, not the secrecy of government. We don't need a national ID card.;Ron Paul;government
There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government working for you.;Will Rogers;government
The Internet didn't get invented on its own. Government research created the Internet so that all the companies could make money off the Internet. The point is, is that when we succeed, we succeed because of our individual initiative, but also because we do things together.;Barack Obama;government
The happiness of society is the end of government.;John Adams;government
Not only our future economic soundness but the very soundness of our democratic institutions depends on the determination of our government to give employment to idle men.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;government
We believe in individual initiative, personal responsibility, opportunity, freedom, small government, the Constitution. These principles, these American principles are key to getting our economy back to being successful and leading the world.;Mitt Romney;government
Dependency is death to initiative, to risk-taking and opportunity. It's time to stop the spread of government dependency and fight it like the poison it is.;Mitt Romney;government
Freedom isn't free. It shouldn't be a bragging point that 'Oh, I don't get involved in politics,' as if that makes someone cleaner. No, that makes you derelict of duty in a republic. Liars and panderers in government would have a much harder time of it if so many people didn't insist on their right to remain ignorant and blindly agreeable.;Bill Maher;government
The ideal form of government is democracy tempered with assassination.;Voltaire;government
The best government is a benevolent tyranny tempered by an occasional assassination.;Voltaire;government
Government is taking 40 percent of the GDP. And that's at the state, local and federal level. President Obama has taken government spending at the federal level from 20 percent to 25 percent. Look, at some point, you cease being a free economy, and you become a government economy. And we've got to stop that.;Mitt Romney;government
The universe never did make sense I suspect it was built on government contract.;Robert A. Heinlein;government
Life in general has never been even close to fair, so the pretense that the government can make it fair is a valuable and inexhaustible asset to politicians who want to expand government.;Thomas Sowell;government
The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government.;Mitt Romney;government
I'm not really conservative. I'm conservative on certain things. I believe in less government. I believe in fiscal responsibility and all those things that maybe Republicans used to believe in but don't any more.;Clint Eastwood;government
There is nothing wrong with describing Conservatism as protecting the Constitution, protecting all things that limit government. Government is the enemy of liberty. Government should be very restrained.;Ron Paul;government
The Negro revolution is controlled by foxy white liberals, by the Government itself. But the Black Revolution is controlled only by God.;Malcolm X;government
The worst government is often the most moral. One composed of cynics is often very tolerant and humane. But when fanatics are on top there is no limit to oppression.;H. L. Mencken;government
And a special thank you to the citizens of Massachusetts: You are paying all the taxes, creating all the jobs, raising all the children. This government is yours. Thank you for letting me serve you. I love this job.;Mitt Romney;government
The highest glory of the American Revolution was this: it connected in one indissoluble bond the principles of civil government with the principles of Christianity.;John Quincy Adams;government
The best government is that which teaches us to govern ourselves.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;government
I believe that all government is evil, and that trying to improve it is largely a waste of time.;H. L. Mencken;government
Just in general, any government throughout history hasn't really wanted its people to be educated, because then they couldn't control them as easily.;Maynard James Keenan;government
The world runs on individuals pursuing their self interests. The great achievements of civilization have not come from government bureaus. Einstein didn't construct his theory under order from a, from a bureaucrat. Henry Ford didn't revolutionize the automobile industry that way.;Milton Friedman;government
All government, of course, is against liberty.;H. L. Mencken;government
Perhaps religious conscience upsets the designs of those who feel that the highest wisdom and authority comes from government. But from the beginning, this nation trusted in God, not man. Religious liberty is the first freedom in our Constitution.;Mitt Romney;government
Free enterprise has done more to lift people out of poverty, to help build a strong middle class, to help educate our kids, and to make our lives better than all the programs of government combined.;Mitt Romney;government
Which government is the best? The one that teaches us to govern ourselves.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;government
The United States Constitution has proved itself the most marvelously elastic compilation of rules of government ever written.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;government
Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under.;H. L. Mencken;government
Liberty has never come from Government. Liberty has always come from the subjects of it. The history of liberty is a history of limitations of governmental power, not the increase of it.;Woodrow Wilson;government
Democracy means government by the uneducated, while aristocracy means government by the badly educated.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;government
Why has government been instituted at all? Because the passions of man will not conform to the dictates of reason and justice without constraint.;Alexander Hamilton;government
Just think of what Woodrow Wilson stood for: he stood for world government. He wanted an early United Nations, League of Nations. But it was the conservatives, Republicans, that stood up against him.;Ron Paul;government
Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program.;Milton Friedman;government
The right way to reign in healthcare costs is not by applying more government and more controls and making it more like the post office, it's by making it more like a consumer-driven market.;Mitt Romney;government
You balance the budget by restraining the growth of government and encouraging the growth of the private sector.;Mitt Romney;government
By making bold cuts in spending and commonsense entitlement reforms, we will make our government simpler, smaller, and smarter.;Mitt Romney;government
It's opportunity. It's opportunity, not a check from government - it's opportunity that has always driven America and defined us as Americans.;Mitt Romney;government
It is horrifying that we have to fight our own government to save the environment.;Ansel Adams;government
A patriot must always be ready to defend his country against his government.;Edward Abbey;government
The answer for healthcare is market incentives, not healthcare by a Godzilla-sized government bureaucracy.;Mitt Romney;government
I would cap the amount of federal government can spend at 20 percent of the economy. Bring it back to 20 percent or lower. And say, we are not going to spend above that level. Democrats, they want to raise your taxes and spend more and more and turn us into an economy which is no longer driven by the private sector.;Mitt Romney;government
Our nation is too different, too diverse to say that what works in Massachusetts is somehow going to be grabbed by the federal government, usurping the power of states and imposing a one-size-fits-all plan on the nation. That will not work.;Mitt Romney;government
This President takes his inspiration from the capitals of Europe we look to the cities and small towns of America. This President puts his faith in government. We put our faith in the American people.;Mitt Romney;government
I know what it's like to start a business. I know how extra ordinarily difficult it is to build something from nothing. I know how government kills jobs and, yes, I know how it can help from time- to-time.;Mitt Romney;government
On one of the most personal matters of our lives, our health care, President Obama would turn decision making over to government bureaucrats. He forced through Obama-care and I will repeal it.;Mitt Romney;government
Democrats want to use the slowdown as an excuse to do what their special interests are always begging for: higher taxes, bigger government and less trade with other nations.;Mitt Romney;government
This is the America that I love. This is a great people. We can do anything. We can achieve anything. We've got a government that has gotten in the way of the American people. We're going to change that in November.;Mitt Romney;government
Julia progresses from cradle to grave, showing how government makes every good thing in her life possible. The weak economy, high unemployment, falling wages, rising gas prices, the national debt, the insolvency of entitlements - all these are fictionally assumed away in a cartoon that is produced by a president who wants us to forget about them.;Mitt Romney;government
I don't want to transform America. I want to restore to America the economic values of freedom and opportunity and limited government that has made us the powerhouse of the world.;Mitt Romney;government
I think people need to be educated to the fact that marijuana is not a drug. Marijuana is an herb and a flower. God put it here. If He put it here and He wants it to grow, what gives the government the right to say that God is wrong?;Willie Nelson;government
No government can help the destinies of people who insist in putting sectional and class consciousness ahead of general weal.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;government
I had the privilege of practicing medicine in the early '60s, before we had any government. It worked rather well, and there was nobody on the street suffering with no medical care.;Ron Paul;government
A Conservative Government is an organized hypocrisy.;Benjamin Disraeli;government
No group and no government can properly prescribe precisely what should constitute the body of knowledge with which true education is concerned.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;government
In other words, a democratic government is the only one in which those who vote for a tax can escape the obligation to pay it.;Alexis de Tocqueville;government
Well private money can take risks in a way that government money often isn't willing to.;Bill Gates;government
All government, indeed every human benefit and enjoyment, every virtue, and every prudent act, is founded on compromise and barter.;Edmund Burke;government
My goal is to cut government in half in twenty-five years, to get it down to the size where we can drown it in the bathtub.;Grover Norquist;government
The duty of government is to leave commerce to its own capital and credit as well as all other branches of business, protecting all in their legal pursuits, granting exclusive privileges to none.;Andrew Jackson;government
In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.;Ambrose Bierce;government
To establish any mode to abolish war, however advantageous it might be to Nations, would be to take from such Government the most lucrative of its branches.;Thomas Paine;government
Government does not create wealth. The major role for the government is to create an environment where people take risks to expand the job rate in the United States.;George W. Bush;government
Most of the energy of political work is devoted to correcting the effects of mismanagement of government.;Milton Friedman;government
The impersonal hand of government can never replace the helping hand of a neighbor.;Hubert H. Humphrey;government
A government of laws, and not of men.;John Adams;government
Anyone who thinks that the vice-president can take a position independent of the president of his administration simply has no knowledge of politics or government. You are his choice in a political marriage, and he expects your absolute loyalty.;Hubert H. Humphrey;government
There is too much government today. We've got to remember the government should be by the people, of the people, and for the people.;Ray Bradbury;government
The reason this country continues its drift toward socialism and big nanny government is because too many people vote in the expectation of getting something for nothing, not because they have a concern for what is good for the country.;Lyn Nofziger;government
One of the key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace, good people don't go into government.;Donald Trump;government
Those who want the Government to regulate matters of the mind and spirit are like men who are so afraid of being murdered that they commit suicide to avoid assassination.;Harry S. Truman;government
Even to observe neutrality you must have a strong government.;Alexander Hamilton;government
Our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear - kept us in a continuous stampede of patriotic fervor - with the cry of grave national emergency.;Douglas MacArthur;government
We are beginning a new era in our government. I cannot too strongly urge the necessity of a rigid economy and an inflexible determination not to enlarge the income beyond the real necessities of the government.;Andrew Jackson;government
I don't think the government should be in the trailer-park business. I don't think they know how to run a trailer park.;Billy Graham;government
