I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.;Lou Holtz;god
Communism has decided against God, against Christ, against the Bible, and against all religion.;Billy Graham;god
You were made by God and for God, and until you understand that, life will never make sense.;Rick Warren;god
If I were to say, 'God, why me?' about the bad things, then I should have said, 'God, why me?' about the good things that happened in my life.;Arthur Ashe;god
Conscience is God present in man.;Victor Hugo;god
My general attitude to life is to enjoy every minute of every day. I never do anything with a feeling of, 'Oh God, I've got to do this today.';Richard Branson;god
If God treats you well by teaching you a disastrous lesson, you never forget it.;Ray Bradbury;god
I am and always will be a sinner. But that's the beautiful thing about Jesus. I'll always try to be a better person in the eyes of God. But I'm not all of a sudden stepping up on a pedestal and saying I'm holier than thou, 'cause I'm not!;Billy Ray Cyrus;god
The first step toward finding God, Who is Truth, is to discover the truth about myself: and if I have been in error, this first step to truth is the discovery of my error.;Thomas Merton;god
Indigestion is charged by God with enforcing morality on the stomach.;Victor Hugo;god
I believe in God and his son, Jesus.;Lil Wayne;god
I like mathematics because it is not human and has nothing particular to do with this planet or with the whole accidental universe - because, like Spinoza's God, it won't love us in return.;Bertrand Russell;god
The word is the Verb, and the Verb is God.;Victor Hugo;god
To think is of itself to be useful it is always and in all cases a striving toward God.;Victor Hugo;god
I just want to lobby for God.;Billy Graham;god
I look forward to death with great anticipation, to meeting God face to face.;Billy Graham;god
He that takes truth for his guide, and duty for his end, may safely trust to God's providence to lead him aright.;Blaise Pascal;god
I do not believe in God his existence has been disproved by Science. But in the concentration camp, I learned to believe in men.;Jean-Paul Sartre;god
God writes a lot of comedy... the trouble is, he's stuck with so many bad actors who don't know how to play funny.;Garrison Keillor;god
God is the universal substance in existing things. He comprises all things. He is the fountain of all being. In Him exists everything that is.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;god
There's a tremendous difference between alone and lonely. You could be lonely in a group of people. I like being alone. I like eating by myself. I go home at night and just watch a movie or hang out with my dog. I have to exert myself and really say, oh God, I've got to see my friends 'cause I'm too content being by myself.;Drew Barrymore;god
To you I'm an atheist to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition.;Woody Allen;god
Forgetfulness - a gift of God bestowed upon debtors in compensation for their destitution of conscience.;Ambrose Bierce;god
The Bible is clear - God's definition of marriage is between a man and a woman.;Billy Graham;god
God put me on this earth to accomplish a certain number of things. Right now I am so far behind that I will never die.;Bill Watterson;god
Behold a worthy sight, to which the God, turning his attention to his own work, may direct his gaze. Behold an equal thing, worthy of a God, a brave man matched in conflict with evil fortune.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;god
I am not a perfect servant. I am a public servant doing my best against the odds. As I develop and serve, be patient. God is not finished with me yet.;Jesse Jackson;god
God is cruel. Sometimes he makes you live.;Stephen King;god
Live, so you do not have to look back and say: 'God, how I have wasted my life.';Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;god
Owners of dogs will have noticed that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they will think you are God. Whereas owners of cats are compelled to realize that, if you provide them with food and water and affection, they draw the conclusion that they are God.;Christopher Hitchens;god
The art of life is to live in the present moment, and to make that moment as perfect as we can by the realization that we are the instruments and expression of God Himself.;Emmet Fox;god
It is true greatness to have in one the frailty of a man and the security of a god.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;god
So live with men as if God saw you and speak to God, as if men heard you.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;god
Nothing is void of God, his work is everywhere his full of himself.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;god
I'm blessed and I thank God for every day for everything that happens for me.;Lil Wayne;god
God is in all men, but all men are not in God that is why we suffer.;Ramakrishna;god
But at any rate, the point is that God is what nobody admits to being, and everybody really is.;Alan Watts;god
Beauty is indeed a good gift of God but that the good may not think it a great good, God dispenses it even to the wicked.;Saint Augustine;god
We learn by practice. Whether it means to learn to dance by practicing dancing or to learn to live by practicing living, the principles are the same. One becomes in some area an athlete of God.;Martha Graham;god
Marrying for love may be a bit risky, but it is so honest that God can't help but smile on it.;Josh Billings;god
We have to pray with our eyes on God, not on the difficulties.;Oswald Chambers;god
God judged it better to bring good out of evil than to suffer no evil to exist.;Saint Augustine;god
The best way to know God is to love many things.;Vincent Van Gogh;god
Marriage has a unique place because it speaks of an absolute faithfulness, a covenant between radically different persons, male and female and so it echoes the absolute covenant of God with his chosen, a covenant between radically different partners.;Rowan D. Williams;god
He was an embittered atheist, the sort of atheist who does not so much disbelieve in God as personally dislike Him.;George Orwell;god
I believe that nothing happens apart from divine determination and decree. We shall never be able to escape from the doctrine of divine predestination - the doctrine that God has foreordained certain people unto eternal life.;Charles Spurgeon;god
Every test, every trial, every heartache that's been significant, I can turn it over and see how God has turned it into good no matter what.;Charles Stanley;god
To us also, through every star, through every blade of grass, is not God made visible if we will open our minds and our eyes.;Thomas Carlyle;god
I'm not denyin' the women are foolish. God Almighty made 'em to match the men.;George Eliot;god
Man has, as it were, become a kind of prosthetic God. When he puts on all his auxiliary organs, he is truly magnificent but those organs have not grown on him and they still give him much trouble at times.;Sigmund Freud;god
Happiness is neither without us nor within us. It is in God, both without us and within us.;Blaise Pascal;god
In other words, a person who is fanatic in matters of religion, and clings to certain ideas about the nature of God and the universe, becomes a person who has no faith at all.;Alan Watts;god
The eye with which I see God is the same eye with which God sees me.;Meister Eckhart;god
Next to God we are nothing. To God we are Everything.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;god
I may be as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best.;Walt Whitman;god
It is the heart which perceives God and not the reason. That is what faith is: God perceived by the heart, not by the reason.;Blaise Pascal;god
God has entrusted me with myself.;Epictetus;god
I grow daily to honour facts more and more, and theory less and less. A fact, it seems to me, is a great thing a sentence printed, if not by God, then at least by the Devil.;Thomas Carlyle;god
What ever disunites man from God, also disunites man from man.;Edmund Burke;god
But I always think that the best way to know God is to love many things.;Vincent Van Gogh;god
Start living now. Stop saving the good china for that special occasion. Stop withholding your love until that special person materializes. Every day you are alive is a special occasion. Every minute, every breath, is a gift from God.;Mary Manin Morrissey;god
Just remaining quietly in the presence of God, listening to Him, being attentive to Him, requires a lot of courage and know-how.;Thomas Merton;god
God gave women intuition and femininity. Used properly, the combination easily jumbles the brain of any man I've ever met.;Farrah Fawcett;god
God doesn't seek for golden vessels, and does not ask for silver ones, but He must have clean ones.;Dwight L. Moody;god
I am a poor man and of little worth, who is laboring in that art that God has given me in order to extend my life as long as possible.;Michelangelo;god
I say to mankind, Be not curious about God. For I, who am curious about each, am not curious about God - I hear and behold God in every object, yet understand God not in the least.;Walt Whitman;god
We make our friends we make our enemies but God makes our next door neighbour.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;god
God has been very good to me, for I never dwell upon anything wrong which a person has done, so as to remember it afterwards. If I do remember it, I always see some other virtue in that person.;Saint Teresa of Avila;god
Faith is different from proof the latter is human, the former is a Gift from God.;Blaise Pascal;god
There are two kinds of people one can call reasonable: those who serve God with all their heart because they know him, and those who seek him with all their heart because they do not know him.;Blaise Pascal;god
Man is an exception, whatever else he is. If he is not the image of God, then he is a disease of the dust. If it is not true that a divine being fell, then we can only say that one of the animals went entirely off its head.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;god
Einstein, stop telling God what to do!;Niels Bohr;god
I will thank God for the day and the moment I have.;Jim Valvano;god
It is not God's will merely that we should be happy, but that we should make ourselves happy.;Immanuel Kant;god
If there is no God, everything is permitted.;Fyodor Dostoevsky;god
God is the great mysterious motivator of what we call nature, and it has often been said by philosophers, that nature is the will of God. And I prefer to say that nature is the only body of God that we shall ever see.;Frank Lloyd Wright;god
God is everywhere but He is most manifest in man. So serve man as God. That is as good as worshipping God.;Ramakrishna;god
To surrender to ignorance and call it God has always been premature, and it remains premature today.;Isaac Asimov;god
I can very well do without God both in my life and in my painting, but I cannot, suffering as I am, do without something which is greater than I am, which is my life, the power to create.;Vincent Van Gogh;god
I live and love in God's peculiar light.;Michelangelo;god
Faithful servants never retire. You can retire from your career, but you will never retire from serving God.;Rick Warren;god
Earth's crammed with heaven, And every common bush afire with God: But only he who sees takes off his shoes.;Elizabeth Barrett Browning;god
You know, it's ironic to me that Christians want to keep the Ten Commandments in our schools, because Christianity has abrogated four of the Ten Commandments. For example, the Sabbath day according to the Ten Commandments is Saturday, not Sunday. And the reason is because God rested, not because Jesus was resurrected.;Alan Dershowitz;god
The best way to obtain truth and wisdom is not to ask from books, but to go to God in prayer, and obtain divine teaching.;Joseph Smith, Jr.;god
God is one, but he has innumerable forms. He is the creator of all and He himself takes the human form.;Guru Nanak;god
White... is not a mere absence of colour it is a shining and affirmative thing, as fierce as red, as definite as black... God paints in many colours but He never paints so gorgeously, I had almost said so gaudily, as when He paints in white.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;god
If God had wanted man to play soccer, he wouldn't have given us arms.;Mike Ditka;god
God's delays are not God's denials.;Robert H. Schuller;god
I am what I am, I'm doing very well in my life, and I'm thankful to God for that.;LL Cool J;god
If you want to be original just try being yourself, because God has never made two people exactly alike.;Bernard Meltzer;god
The very contradictions in my life are in some ways signs of God's mercy to me.;Thomas Merton;god
How can we live in harmony? First we need to know we are all madly in love with the same God.;Thomas Aquinas;god
All God's children are not beautiful. Most of God's children are, in fact, barely presentable.;Fran Lebowitz;god
All God wants of man is a peaceful heart.;Meister Eckhart;god
That the Jews assumed a right exclusively to the benefits of God will be a lasting witness against them and the same will it be against Christians.;William Blake;god
Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday.;Woody Allen;god
They say that God is everywhere, and yet we always think of Him as somewhat of a recluse.;Emily Dickinson;god
To love someone means to see him as God intended him.;Fyodor Dostoevsky;god
We don't thrive on military acts. We do them because we have to, and thank God we are efficient.;Golda Meir;god
