When one has success, the answer is not to undo that success. It is to continue what has been done.;Charles Schumer;success
Writers, as they gain success, feel like outsiders because writers don't come together in real groups.;Anne Rice;success
First-person narrators is the way I know how to write a book with the greatest power and chance of artistic success.;Anne Rice;success
The first condition of success for the League of Nations is, therefore, a firm understanding between the British Empire and the United States of America and France and Italy that there will be no competitive building up of fleets or armies between them.;Arthur Henderson;success
One man has enthusiasm for 30 minutes, another for 30 days, but it is the man who has it for 30 years who makes a success of his life.;Edward B. Butler;success
It never made sense to me that someone would achieve any kind of success in show business, only to become a jerk.;Josh Radnor;success
You wanna know what scares people? Success. When you don't make moves and when you don't climb up the ladder, everybody loves you because you're not competition.;Nicki Minaj;success
Thought is the original source of all wealth, all success, all material gain, all great discoveries and inventions, and of all achievement.;Claude M. Bristol;success
It was a way out of poverty. It was a way to success. It was a way to education. And it was a way to a brighter day for me.;Little Richard;success
I raised five children. They all have different personalities. All of them have different issues, different levels of success. That was a learning experience for me.;T. D. Jakes;success
Look, if you ask a child, 'Would you rather have a fulfilled mother or a stay-at-home Sylvia Plath,' they'll pick Sylvia Plath every time. But I think it's really important that children don't feel their parents' emotional lives depend on their success.;Ayelet Waldman;success
My literary success meant nothing to me.;Taylor Caldwell;success
I don't think success has changed us as people at all. We are the same lunatics that we were when this band first got going. We never see ourselves as being on a higher level than our fans.;Kirk Hammett;success
The key to sitcom success is miserable people. If you see a happy couple, it's just gone, like when Sam and Diane got together on Cheers.;Matthew Perry;success
If you can attribute your success entirely to your own mental effort, to your own attitude, to some spiritual essence that you have that is better than other people's, then that must feel pretty good.;Barbara Ehrenreich;success
The ever quickening advances of science made possible by the success of the Human Genome Project will also soon let us see the essences of mental disease. Only after we understand them at the genetic level can we rationally seek out appropriate therapies for such illnesses as schizophrenia and bipolar disease.;James D. Watson;success
Success is the person who year after year reaches the highest limits in his field.;Sparky Anderson;success
Success is important only to the extent that it puts one in a position to do more things one likes to do.;Sarah Caldwell;success
We were called The Toilets originally - we were flushed with success.;Mike Peters;success
Whenever I hear, 'It can't be done,' I know I'm close to success.;Michael Flatley;success
It was very clear to me in 1965, in Mississippi, that, as a lawyer, I could get people into schools, desegregate the schools, but if they were kicked off the plantations - and if they didn't have food, didn't have jobs, didn't have health care, didn't have the means to exercise those civil rights, we were not going to have success.;Marian Wright Edelman;success
Success is finding satisfaction in giving a little more than you take.;Christopher Reeve;success
We now live in a world where the only thing to have is success, but failure is marvelous. It's fertiliser, it's like living fertiliser, because you're forced on yourself.;Rupert Everett;success
Without imagination we can go nowhere. And imagination is not restricted to the arts. Every scientist I have met who has been a success has had to imagine.;Rita Dove;success
Everyone takes pause at 40. It's the age you have to assess everything in your life. It's the fictitious marker that's always coming up when you're young. The world really does look at you to kind of have it together by 40, and be successful by 40. Whatever success means.;Paul Feig;success
My formula for success is rise early, work late, and strike oil.;Paul Getty;success
Winning in Afghanistan is having a country that is stable enough to ensure that there is no safe haven for Al Qaida or for a militant Taliban that welcomes Al Qaida. That's really the measure of success for the United States.;Leon Panetta;success
I'm in the studio 24 hours a day. It's true that once you get a certain level of success, you become a target. Talk magazine should be ashamed of themselves.;Puff Daddy;success
In a balanced organization, working towards a common objective, there is success.;Arthur Helps;success
One is never ready for success. It consecrates and looses you at the same time.;Isabelle Adjani;success
It's both rebellion and conformity that attack you with success.;Amy Tan;success
I consider 'Dr. Horrible' a tremendous success. The fact that it won an Emmy I just think lends validity to what we were doing and the point we were trying to make: taking the power into someone else's hands and changing the world.;Nathan Fillion;success
But Big Oil and Big Coal have always been as skilled at propaganda as they are at mining and drilling. Like the tobacco industry before them, their success depends on keeping Americans stupid.;Jeff Goodell;success
To burn always with this hard, gem-like flame, to maintain this ecstasy, is success in life.;Walter Pater;success
For movies to get greenlit solely based on the success of other movies that have a lot of women in them? It's so ridiculous to me.;Kristen Wiig;success
I have decided to fight for my country, because we have build a success story in Guanajuato, with real results and more yet to come in the next two years.;Vicente Fox;success
Success tempts many to their ruin.;Phaedrus;success
Though I was excited about the Sojourner Truth play, it was not reassuring to think that my entire future might depend on the success of that one show.;Ethel Waters;success
The real end winner of NAFTA is going to be Mexico because we have the human capital. We have that resource that is vital to the success of the U.S. economy.;Vicente Fox;success
I feel true success comes from being able to work and the love for it.;Kiana Tom;success
People need to realise what real happiness and success is, because success as an actor is fleeting. You can be up there one day and gone the next.;Chuck Norris;success
My first attempt at a kiss was in fifth grade, but it didn't go so well. Later, I used Boyz II Men and Jodeci songs to come on to girls. I had more success.;John Legend;success
To this day, most people think of me as the fastest human. They don't really think me as a long jumper, although that's the event I had more success in.;Carl Lewis;success
There is no correlation between a childhood success and a professional athlete.;Carl Lewis;success
Mass communication, radio, and especially television, have attempted, not without success, to annihilate every possibility of solitude and reflection.;Eugenio Montale;success
I'd rather a young black actor read about success as opposed to how tough it was. I get these roles because I can act and that's it. Hopefully that's it.;Idris Elba;success
Success is hard in general for most women. We now have such busy lives, and we're told we can do everything - you know, we can have the relationship and the marriage and the kids and the career.;Cat Deeley;success
Four years of football are calculated to breed in the average man more of the ingredients of success in life than almost any academic course he takes.;Knute Rockne;success
I've had a lot of success over the years racing in New York, but the main point is that I feel the marathon is a different event, a lot more my event.;Paula Radcliffe;success
I did not become successful in my work through embracing or engaging in celebrity culture. I never signed away my privacy in exchange for success.;Steve Coogan;success
The success of Torn was a bit too much for me. I took a year off and was still scared to start the second album.;Natalie Imbruglia;success
Happy people are ignoramuses and glory is nothing else but success, and to achieve it one only has to be cunning.;Mikhail Lermontov;success
You may lose your wife, you may lose your dog, your mother may hate you. None of those things matter. What matters is that you achieve success and become free. Then you can do whatever you like.;Kevin O'Leary;success
Success is very ephemeral. You depend entirely on the desire of others, which makes it difficult to relax.;Eva Green;success
Success comes in waves.;Guy Pearce;success
I can't imagine wanting to be famous just for the sake of being famous. I think fame should come along with success, talent.;Kat Dennings;success
We just want to win. That's the bottom line. I think a lot of times people may become content with one championship or a little bit of success, but we don't really reflect on what we've done in the past. We focus on the present.;Derek Jeter;success
There are so few women in general who aren't completely threatened and confused by other women's success. It's very disappointing.;Sandra Bernhard;success
I don't understand why people whose entire lives or their corporate success depends on communication, and yet they are led on occasion by CEOs who cannot talk their way out of a paper bag and don't care to.;Frank Luntz;success
Sometimes success comes in ways you don't expect.;Ben Barnes;success
I think that my biggest attribute to any success that I have had is hard work. There really is no substitute for working hard.;Maria Bartiromo;success
You always pass failure on your way to success.;Mickey Rooney;success
Success listens only to applause. To all else it is deaf.;Elias Canetti;success
There's nothing so aphrodisiacal for a woman as money and success.;Wilbur Smith;success
The FHA's success provides strong evidence that government can and should play a role in the nation's mortgage finance system. It also demonstrates that although government intervention in the economy during the Great Recession was messy, things would have been a lot messier without it.;Mark Zandi;success
Whatever success I've had, I always like to top it.;Bernie Mac;success
We're born with success. It is only others who point out our failures, and what they attribute to us as failure.;Whoopi Goldberg;success
To win in Australia, for me, has to be the ultimate success because the Aussies live for sport.;Ian Botham;success
A variety of national and international studies indicate that the broad-based deployment of information technology can have a substantial impact on our nation's economic productivity and growth as well as the educational and social success of our citizens.;Tim Holden;success
The fame of heroes owes little to the extent of their conquests and all to the success of the tributes paid to them.;Jean Genet;success
All these people who say success changes people well, no, it just magnifies what's there.;Kevin Smith;success
Success is not a destination, but the road that you're on. Being successful means that you're working hard and walking your walk every day. You can only live your dream by working hard towards it. That's living your dream.;Marlon Wayans;success
Everyone applauds each other's success in Hollywood because they know how tough it is, but it really comes down fundamentally to the process.;Robert Rodriguez;success
My ambition was to stop waiting tables. That was how I measured success: finally, I was able to stop waiting tables, and I was able to pay the rent, and that was by being a stand-up comic. Not a very good stand-up comic, but good enough to make a living.;Graham Norton;success
I had come to the point when I realized it was unlikely that my film career was going to move beyond a certain level of role. And I was - because I had graphic instances of it - handicapped by the success of Star Trek. A director would say, 'I don't want Jean-Luc Picard in my movie' - and this was compounded by X-Men as well.;Patrick Stewart;success
More people on unemployment benefits is not success in America, fewer people on not because we kicked them off but because they have been able to get a job in the private sector, because government got out of the way.;Scott Walker;success
I think most people believe success in government is how many fewer people are in government, not because you kick them off of benefits like unemployment but they've been able to control their own destiny because private sector employers have created more jobs.;Scott Walker;success
With the success of the last three or so years, when a lot of people start treating you differently, there's a danger that you may start to think of yourself differently. You rely on your friends to say, 'Hey, wake up!';David Schwimmer;success
If the film is a hit then everyone shares the success. If it is going to be a disaster then it might as well be because of me, not because of somebody else.;Salman Khan;success
For the past few years, I was the more visible Asian performer, and I think it gave young girls a kind of role model showing it's possible to actually reach success doing movies.;Joan Chen;success
I came from a family where I felt great pressure to be financially successful, and I felt that staying in Chicago and doing theater, I was, in all likelihood, not going to find financial success.;David Schwimmer;success
For me, I don't feel it is a success in the career to be the pretty woman career success comes from being characters who tell us something about the truth.;Emmanuelle Beart;success
And really, the basis, I think, of achieving some success in what I want to do today comes from my mother's push to get me to read and to make something of myself from the standpoint of an education.;Sam Donaldson;success
If I can procure three hundred good substantial names of persons, or bodies, or institutions, I cannot fail to do well for my family, although I must abandon my life to its success, and undergo many sad perplexities and perhaps never see again my own beloved America.;John James Audubon;success
I've always been too hard on myself to behave like I've arrived or even to enjoy whatever success I've had. I've always envisioned myself higher than where I was and I still do. With each success I think, 'That's nice but I'm supposed to go there!';Nicole Scherzinger;success
Success is a process, a quality of mind and way of being, an outgoing affirmation of life.;Alex Noble;success
For globalization to work for America, it must work for working people. We should measure the success of our economy by the breadth of our middle class, and the scope of opportunity offered to the poorest child to climb into that middle class.;John J. Sweeney;success
We had maybe the greatest success of any company that I know of in Paris, and after two or three years I wanted to do this same number that we did for PBS, so we did it and Paris had always considered us their darlings.;Katherine Dunham;success
It's hard for children's authors to be accepted when they try to write adult books. J.K. Rowling is the exception because people are so eager to read anything by her, but it took Judy Blume three or four tries before she had a success.;R. L. Stine;success
People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to.;George Allen, Sr.;success
Women face enough pressures and challenges in a workplace that is still depressingly biased against a female's success. Add to that, the fact that the very thing many women I know find most rewarding (having kids) is now frowned upon.;Mika Brzezinski;success
Success is what you do with your ability. It's how you use your talent.;George Allen, Sr.;success
Other people's success spurs me on to do well and gives me motivation.;Nicholas Hoult;success
I've always known I would be a success, but I was surprised at the way it came.;Eva Gabor;success
Nothing reinforces a professional relationship more than enjoying success with someone.;Harold Ramis;success
The first myth of management is that it exists. The second myth of management is that success equals skill.;Robert Heller;success
I don't want to wake up and be bored. That's probably my greatest fear is to have nothing to do. What better job is there than to play quarterback for an NFL team, and certainly one that I've been on for a long time and had success with? I don't plan on giving it up any time soon.;Tom Brady;success
I thought doing reality TV would be the greatest success of my life or the biggest mistake.;Bethenny Frankel;success
Nothing fails like success nothing is so defeated as yesterday's triumphant Cause.;Phyllis McGinley;success
