No trait is more justified than revenge in the right time and place.;Meir Kahane;time
I never cut class. I loved getting A's, I liked being smart. I liked being on time. I thought being smart is cooler than anything in the world.;Michelle Obama;time
Therefore I feel that the aforementioned guiding principle must be modified to read: If you desire peace, cultivate justice, but at the same time cultivate the fields to produce more bread otherwise there will be no peace.;Norman Borlaug;time
Management by objective works - if you know the objectives. Ninety percent of the time you don't.;Peter Drucker;time
Nature gives to every time and season some beauties of its own and from morning to night, as from the cradle to the grave, it is but a succession of changes so gentle and easy that we can scarcely mark their progress.;Charles Dickens;time
Time discovers truth.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;time
I just got tired of being sick and tired and feeling down. Unfortunately, you don't realize this until you're getting sober but the reason why you're depressed all the time is it's the drugs that are depressing you.;Steven Adler;time
Photography takes an instant out of time, altering life by holding it still.;Dorothea Lange;time
We see past time in a telescope and present time in a microscope. Hence the apparent enormities of the present.;Victor Hugo;time
By the time a man gets to be presidential material, he's been bought ten times over.;Gore Vidal;time
You are not a beautiful, unique snowflake... This is your life, and it's ending one minute at a time.;Chuck Palahniuk;time
There comes a time when deceit and defiance must be seen for what they are. At that point, a gathering danger must be directly confronted. At that point, we must show that beyond our resolutions is actual resolve.;Dick Cheney;time
Under all speech that is good for anything there lies a silence that is better, Silence is deep as Eternity speech is shallow as Time.;Thomas Carlyle;time
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.;Leonardo da Vinci;time
We are drowning in information, while starving for wisdom. The world henceforth will be run by synthesizers, people able to put together the right information at the right time, think critically about it, and make important choices wisely.;E. O. Wilson;time
A play should give you something to think about. When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good.;T. S. Eliot;time
I do have a close circle of friends and I am very fortunate to have them as friends. I feel very close to them I think friends are everything in life after your family. You come across lots of people all the time but you only make very few friends and you have to be true to them otherwise what's the point in life?;Shahrukh Khan;time
People come in and out of our lives, and the true test of friendship is whether you can pick back up right where you left off the last time you saw each other.;Lisa See;time
The time has come for all evangelists to practice full financial disclosure. The world is watching how we walk and how we talk. We must have the highest standards of morality, ethics and integrity if we are to continue to have influence.;Billy Graham;time
A truer image of the world, I think, is obtained by picturing things as entering into the stream of time from an eternal world outside, than from a view which regards time as the devouring tyrant of all that is.;Bertrand Russell;time
You've got to stand up and do your own battles. My daddy taught me that a long time ago, that you fight your own battles. The only way to shut everybody up is to win.;Terry Bradshaw;time
Time has no divisions to mark its passage, there is never a thunder-storm or blare of trumpets to announce the beginning of a new month or year. Even when a new century begins it is only we mortals who ring bells and fire off pistols.;Thomas Mann;time
To achieve great things, two things are needed a plan, and not quite enough time.;Leonard Bernstein;time
About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends.;Herbert Hoover;time
I have made this letter longer than usual, only because I have not had the time to make it shorter.;Blaise Pascal;time
No greater thing is created suddenly, any more than a bunch of grapes or a fig. If you tell me that you desire a fig, I answer you that there must be time. Let it first blossom, then bear fruit, then ripen.;Epictetus;time
A positive attitude is not going to save you. What it's going to do is, everyday, between now and the day you die, whether that's a short time from now or a long time from now, that every day, you're going to actually live.;Elizabeth Edwards;time
We look forward to the time when the Power of Love will replace the Love of Power. Then will our world know the blessings of peace.;William E. Gladstone;time
I really enjoy being single again. I spent a lot of time in a relationship and the nearer we came to the end, the more difficult it got. You don't see things clearly as long as you're still involved.;Dido Armstrong;time
In every adversity there lies the seed of an equivalent advantage. In every defeat is a lesson showing you how to win the victory next time.;Robert Collier;time
If you're living in your time, you cannot help but to write about the things that are important.;Ray Bradbury;time
Go on failing. Go on. Only next time, try to fail better.;Samuel Beckett;time
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.;William Blake;time
Every man regards his own life as the New Year's Eve of time.;Jean Paul;time
Most of the time I don't have much fun. The rest of the time I don't have any fun at all.;Woody Allen;time
The freedom to fail is vital if you're going to succeed. Most successful people fail from time to time, and it is a measure of their strength that failure merely propels them into some new attempt at success.;Michael Korda;time
I just think people have a lot of fiction. But, you know, I mean, the real story of Facebook is just that we've worked so hard for all this time. I mean, the real story is actually probably pretty boring, right? I mean, we just sat at our computers for six years and coded.;Mark Zuckerberg;time
We should not say that one man's hour is worth another man's hour, but rather that one man during an hour is worth just as much as another man during an hour. Time is everything, man is nothing: he is at the most time's carcass.;Karl Marx;time
Concepts, like individuals, have their histories and are just as incapable of withstanding the ravages of time as are individuals. But in and through all this they retain a kind of homesickness for the scenes of their childhood.;Soren Kierkegaard;time
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.;Emily Dickinson;time
I've spent too much time giving speeches, traveling the world.;Billy Graham;time
Nobody sees a flower really it is so small. We haven't time, and to see takes time - like to have a friend takes time.;Georgia O'Keeffe;time
Buying books would be a good thing if one could also buy the time to read them in: but as a rule the purchase of books is mistaken for the appropriation of their contents.;Arthur Schopenhauer;time
Never bear more than one kind of trouble at a time. Some people bear three kinds of trouble - the ones they've had, the ones they have, and the ones they expect to have.;Edward Everett Hale;time
Being a teenager is an amazing time and a hard time. It's when you make your best friends - I have girls who will never leave my heart and I still talk to. You get the best and the worst as a teen. You have the best friendships and the worst heartbreaks.;Sophia Bush;time
For the very first time the young are seeing history being made before it is censored by their elders.;Margaret Mead;time
Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.;Les Brown;time
Any time I got in emotional turmoil, I felt sick all the time, like at any minute I would die.;Skeet Ulrich;time
For the first time in the history of mankind, one generation literally has the power to destroy the past, the present and the future, the power to bring time to an end.;Hubert H. Humphrey;time
Men seldom, or rather never for a length of time and deliberately, rebel against anything that does not deserve rebelling against.;Thomas Carlyle;time
Beauty is also submitted to the taste of time, so a beautiful woman from the Belle Epoch is not exactly the perfect beauty of today, so beauty is something that changes with time.;Karl Lagerfeld;time
Every time you don't follow your inner guidance, you feel a loss of energy, loss of power, a sense of spiritual deadness.;Shakti Gawain;time
The more time you spend contemplating what you should have done... you lose valuable time planning what you can and will do.;Lil Wayne;time
I must uphold my ideals, for perhaps the time will come when I shall be able to carry them out.;Anne Frank;time
The jealous are possessed by a mad devil and a dull spirit at the same time.;Johann Kaspar Lavater;time
Black Consciousness is an attitude of the mind and a way of life, the most positive call to emanate from the black world for a long time.;Steven Biko;time
When I was trying to impress Kate I was trying to cook these amazing fancy dinners and what would happen was I would burn something, something would overspill, something would catch on fire and she would be sitting in the background trying to help, and basically taking control of the whole situation, so I was quite glad she was there at the time.;Prince William;time
If a little dreaming is dangerous, the cure for it is not to dream less but to dream more, to dream all the time.;Marcel Proust;time
People say that if you find water rising up to your ankle, that's the time to do something about it, not when it's around your neck.;Chinua Achebe;time
I'm one of the slowest drivers on the road. I mosey along. If you're doing anything too fast, including living life too fast, that creates sudden death. If I have to be somewhere on time, I make sure I leave early enough.;Anthony Hopkins;time
On the whole, human beings want to be good, but not too good, and not quite all the time.;George Orwell;time
Silence is as deep as eternity, speech a shallow as time.;Thomas Carlyle;time
Riches and the things that are necessary in life are not evil in themselves. And all of us face cares and troubles in this life. The sin comes in the time and energy we spend in pursuing these things, at the expense of neglecting Christ.;David Wilkerson;time
We need quiet time to examine our lives openly and honestly - spending quiet time alone gives your mind an opportunity to renew itself and create order.;Susan Taylor;time
To be always intending to make a new and better life but never to find time to set about it is as to put off eating and drinking and sleeping from one day to the next until you're dead.;Og Mandino;time
We know in New York we have several million at any one time who are in New York illegally.;Hillary Clinton;time
I always supported the women I worked with having time off to go to parent-teacher conferences and doctors' appointments or bringing their infants into the office.;Hillary Clinton;time
Heckling is an act of cowardice. If you want to speak, get up in front of the microphone and speak, don't sit in the dark hiding. It's easy to hide and shout and waste people's time.;Billy Connolly;time
I am shocked at how much time I spend in the White House. I mean, you know, for people on the outside, the idea of going to the White House for a meeting must seem like the most important, serious, even glamorous kind of thing to do.;Hillary Clinton;time
We shall never have more time. We have, and always had, all the time there is. No object is served in waiting until next week or even until tomorrow. Keep going... Concentrate on something useful.;Arnold Bennett;time
Sometimes overturning brutal regimes takes time and costs lives. I wish it weren't so. I really, really do.;Hillary Clinton;time
We have domesticated God's transcendence. We often learn about God at about the same time as we are learning about Santa Claus but our ideas about Santa Claus change, mature and become more nuanced, whereas our ideas of God can remain at a rather infantile level.;Karen Armstrong;time
Vision without action is merely a dream. Action without vision just passes the time. Vision with action can change the world.;Joel A. Barker;time
Time is the most valuable thing on earth: time to think, time to act, time to extend our fraternal relations, time to become better men, time to become better women, time to become better and more independent citizens.;Samuel Gompers;time
Time travel used to be thought of as just science fiction, but Einstein's general theory of relativity allows for the possibility that we could warp space-time so much that you could go off in a rocket and return before you set out.;Stephen Hawking;time
We die only once, and for such a long time.;Moliere;time
Since you cannot do good to all, you are to pay special attention to those who, by the accidents of time, or place, or circumstances, are brought into closer connection with you.;Augustine of Hippo;time
Time is the substance from which I am made. Time is a river which carries me along, but I am the river it is a tiger that devours me, but I am the tiger it is a fire that consumes me, but I am the fire.;Jorge Luis Borges;time
Happy is he who still loves something he loved in the nursery: He has not been broken in two by time he is not two men, but one, and he has saved not only his soul but his life.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;time
It is one of the ironies of the ministry that the very man who works in God's name is often hardest put to find time for God. The parents of Jesus lost Him at church, and they were not the last ones to lose Him there.;Vance Havner;time
Time is nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once.;Woody Allen;time
And we are never too old to study the Bible. Each time the lessons are studied comes some new meaning, some new thought which will make us better.;John D. Rockefeller;time
I believe that love and laughter can only happen when one person takes the time to think about what would cause the other person to feel good.;Yakov Smirnoff;time
The intellectual is different from the ordinary man, but only in certain sections of his personality, and even then not all the time.;George Orwell;time
When you stop learning, stop listening, stop looking and asking questions, always new questions, then it is time to die.;Lillian Smith;time
For me, forgiveness and compassion are always linked: how do we hold people accountable for wrongdoing and yet at the same time remain in touch with their humanity enough to believe in their capacity to be transformed?;Bell Hooks;time
My favorite time in the cycles of public life is the time when the Pope is dead and they haven't elected a new one. There's no one in the world who is infallible for those weeks. And you know, I don't miss it.;Christopher Hitchens;time
In books lies the soul of the whole past time.;Thomas Carlyle;time
If you kiss on the first date and it's not right, then there will be no second date. Sometimes it's better to hold out and not kiss for a long time. I am a strong believer in kissing being very intimate, and the minute you kiss, the floodgates open for everything else.;Jennifer Lopez;time
Eternity is in love with the productions of time.;William Blake;time
A schedule defends from chaos and whim. It is a net for catching days. It is a scaffolding on which a worker can stand and labor with both hands at sections of time.;Annie Dillard;time
People who have time on their hands will inevitably waste the time of people who have work to do.;Thomas Sowell;time
Life gives you plenty of time to do whatever you want to do if you stay in the present moment.;Deepak Chopra;time
They're trying to tell us that we're not right, so we have to buy their products. The number one cause of mental illness is not knowing who you are and you can't know who you are if you don't spend time honoring yourself, and living in the present.;Naomi Judd;time
At a time like this, scorching irony, not convincing argument, is needed.;Frederick Douglass;time
Most of us can remember a time when a birthday - especially if it was one's own - brightened the world as if a second sun has risen.;Robert Staughton Lynd;time
Poetry should help, not only to refine the language of the time, but to prevent it from changing too rapidly.;T. S. Eliot;time
There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. Yet that will be the beginning.;Louis L'Amour;time
A good day is one where I can not just read a book, but write a review of it. Maybe today I'll be able to do that. I get for some reason somewhat stronger when the sun starts to go down. Dusk is a good time for me. I'm crepuscular.;Christopher Hitchens;time
