Don't let that weapon technology proliferate. Don't let Saddam Hussein get capability for nuclear or chemical weapons, because he's already shown a willingness to use any weapon at his disposal.;John Sununu;technology
It worries me about our unwillingness to really address reforms and modernization in Medicare. This thing was designed 37 years ago. It has not evolved to keep pace with current medical technology.;John Sununu;technology
This is technology that will not go away. And to risk it moving into the hands of a terrorist group like al Qaeda or to other focused enemies of the United States, would have tragic consequences.;John Sununu;technology
When we're talking about technology that involves weapons of mass destruction, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons, there has to be an element of preemption.;John Sununu;technology
The Internet will win because it is relentless. Like a cannibal, it even turns on it own. Though early portals like Prodigy and AOL once benefited from their first-mover status, competitors surpassed them as technology and consumer preferences changed.;John Sununu;technology
Countries across the world are taking action now to help them track paedophiles and terrorists who abuse new technology to plot their horrific crimes.;Theresa May;technology
Furthermore, we believe that health care reform, again I said at the beginning of my remarks, that we sent the three pillars that the President's economic stabilization and job creation initiatives were education and innovation - innovation begins in the classroom - clean energy and climate, addressing the climate issues in an innovative way to keep us number one and competitive in the world with the new technology, and the third, first among equals I may say, is health care, health insurance reform.;Nancy Pelosi;technology
A company can spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on firewalls, intrusion detection systems and encryption and other security technologies, but if an attacker can call one trusted person within the company, and that person complies, and if the attacker gets in, then all that money spent on technology is essentially wasted.;Kevin Mitnick;technology
Everyone has a right to a university degree in America, even if it's in Hamburger Technology.;Clive James;technology
It reflects a prevailing myth that production technology is no more amenable to human judgment or social interests than the laws of thermodynamics, atomic structure or biological inheritance.;Barry Commoner;technology
In Israel, a land lacking in natural resources, we learned to appreciate our greatest national advantage: our minds. Through creativity and innovation, we transformed barren deserts into flourishing fields and pioneered new frontiers in science and technology.;Shimon Peres;technology
People live longer today than they ever have. They live happier lives, have more knowledge, more information. All this is the result of communications technology. How is any of that bad?;Tom Clancy;technology
I'd like people to be educated on the voting machines, making sure that our democracy isn't being hijacked by computer technology. There's no reason there can't be a paper trail on those machines.;Eddie Vedder;technology
Personal technology has given us the freedom of being able to do whatever we want - and in the case of celebrities and athletes, whomever they want. But it can also serve as a humiliation jetpack.;Sloane Crosley;technology
Advertisers are not thinking radically enough - they look for technology to lead instead of trying the neuroscience approach and thinking about what parts of the brain haven't been activated before. These new experiences bring new capabilities to the brain.;Jaron Lanier;technology
I always wanted to work with Michael Jackson. His music will live forever and with technology nowadays... maybe I could.;Jordin Sparks;technology
The wonderful thing about Apple technology is just how intuitive it is.;James Dyson;technology
If you really want to improve technology, if you want things to work better and be better, you've got to protect the person who spends a lot of effort, money, and time developing that new technology.;James Dyson;technology
So I think the winners in recession are the people who produce new technology that does things better, which people really want.;James Dyson;technology
The way the world is going, it's technology driven. And it isn't just driven by the old super powers, it's driven by the far east and new emerging economies.;James Dyson;technology
I'm not into politics but I am committed to a cause: ensuring design technology and engineering stays on the U.K. curriculum, alongside science and maths - grounding abstract theory, merging the practical with the academic.;James Dyson;technology
Design and technology should be the subject where mathematical brainboxes and science whizzkids turn their bright ideas into useful products.;James Dyson;technology
I believe that we were not as effective in the second term dealing with this issue of nuclear none proliferation as we had been during the first term when we stripped Libya and Iraq and A.Q. Khan and their capacity to proliferate nuclear technology.;Dick Cheney;technology
Police departments no longer have to pay overtime or divert resources from other projects to find out where an individual goes - all they have to do is place a tracking device on someone's car or ask a cell phone company for that individual's location history and the technology does the work for them.;Ron Wyden;technology
It has been claimed at times that our modern age of technology facilitates dictatorship.;Henry A. Wallace;technology
The great growling engine of change - technology.;Alvin Toffler;technology
Really in technology, it's about the people, getting the best people, retaining them, nurturing a creative environment and helping to find a way to innovate.;Marissa Mayer;technology
Product management really is the fusion between technology, what engineers do - and the business side.;Marissa Mayer;technology
In the industrial revolution Britain led the world in advances that enabled mass production: trade exchanges, transportation, factory technology and new skills needed for the new industrialised world.;Lucy Powell;technology
Lucky individuals in each generation find technology appropriate to their needs.;Freeman Dyson;technology
What we see today is an American economy that has boomed because of policies and developments of the 1950s and '60s: the interstate-highway system, massive funding for science and technology, a public-education system that was the envy of the world and generous immigration policies.;Fareed Zakaria;technology
It is also rarer to find happiness in a man surrounded by the miracles of technology than among people living in the desert of the jungle and who by the standards set by our society would be considered destitute and out of touch.;Thor Heyerdahl;technology
In a way, film and television are in the same sort of traumatic trance that print journalism is. The technology has outpaced our comprehension of its implications.;Tony Kushner;technology
We are led by lawyers who do not understand either technology or balance sheets.;Thomas Friedman;technology
I'm very into science-fantasy, that kind of swordfights and magic and technology thing.;Gary Numan;technology
The world has changed - through technology, through wine-making techniques, the quality of wine is greater than it's ever been. Whereas ten, fifteen years ago it was very easy to find lots of bad wine, it's kind of hard now. The technology, the science - it's like, are you kidding? We're in the golden years of wine!;Gary Vaynerchuk;technology
Creative people are notoriously the slowest to adopt new technology.;Robert Rodriguez;technology
In some cases, inventions prohibit innovation because we're so caught up in playing with the technology, we forget about the fact that it was supposed to be important.;Dean Kamen;technology
New ideas in technology are literally a dime-a-dozen, or cheaper than that.;Dean Kamen;technology
Everybody has to be able to participate in a future that they want to live for. That's what technology can do.;Dean Kamen;technology
Today mythical thinking has fallen into disrepute we often dismiss it as irrational and self-indulgent. But the imagination is also the faculty that has enabled scientists to bring new knowledge to light and to invent technology that has made us immeasurably more effective.;Karen Armstrong;technology
I love the idea of anthropomorphizing machines. I love the idea of taking technology and giving it a personality.;J. J. Abrams;technology
For the blue-collar worker, the driving force behind change was factory automation using programmable machine tools. For the office worker, it's office automation using computer technology: enterprise-resource-planning systems, groupware, intranets, extranets, expert systems, the Web, and e-commerce.;Tom Peters;technology
America has the best doctors, the best nurses, the best hospitals, the best medical technology, the best medical breakthrough medicines in the world. There is absolutely no reason we should not have in this country the best health care in the world.;Bill Frist;technology
But, in each case, as a filmmaker who's been given sizable budgets with which to work, I feel a responsibility to the audience to be shooting with the absolute highest quality technology that I can and make the film in a way that I want.;Christopher Nolan;technology
For the last 10 years, I've felt increasing pressure to stop shooting film and start shooting video, but I've never understood why. It's cheaper to work on film, it's far better looking, it's the technology that's been known and understood for a hundred years, and it's extremely reliable.;Christopher Nolan;technology
Technology has allowed us to have more drought-resistant crops. The spotty nature of drought, the spotty nature of rains can sometimes result in better yields than anticipated.;Tom Vilsack;technology
I was one of the first authors to have an active website. I'm totally obsessed with technology. I'm always looking for ways to connect with my readers. I answer all my fan mail.;Jodi Picoult;technology
I understood the importance in principle of public key cryptography but it's all moved much faster than I expected. I did not expect it to be a mainstay of advanced communications technology.;Whitfield Diffie;technology
Advances in technology will continue to reach far into every sector of our economy. Future job and economic growth in industry, defense, transportation, agriculture, health care, and life sciences is directly related to scientific advancement.;Christopher Bond;technology
The computer offers another kind of creativity. You cannot ignore the creativity that computer technology can bring. But you need to be able to move between those two different worlds.;Tadao Ando;technology
If you think technology can solve your security problems, then you don't understand the problems and you don't understand the technology.;Bruce Schneier;technology
The number one benefit of information technology is that it empowers people to do what they want to do. It lets people be creative. It lets people be productive. It lets people learn things they didn't think they could learn before, and so in a sense it is all about potential.;Steve Ballmer;technology
Technology has a shadow side. It accounts for real progress in medicine, but has also hurt it in many ways, making it more impersonal, expensive and dangerous. The false belief that a safety net of sophisticated drugs and machines stretches below us, permitting risky or lazy lifestyle choices, has undermined our spirit of self-reliance.;Andrew Weil;technology
World War II had a very important impact on the development of technology, as a whole.;Barry Commoner;technology
We live in a media world simultaneously obsessed with technology and personality.;Eric Alterman;technology
There was a time when nails were high-tech. There was a time when people had to be told how to use a telephone. Technology is just a tool. People use tools to improve their lives.;Tom Clancy;technology
Instead, in the absence of respect for human rights, science and its offspring technology have been used in this century as brutal instruments for oppression.;John Charles Polanyi;technology
We are already producing enough food to feed the world. We already have technology in place that allows us to produce more than we can find a market for.;Jeremy Rifkin;technology
What the public needs to understand is that these new technologies, especially in recombinant DNA technology, allow scientists to bypass biological boundaries altogether.;Jeremy Rifkin;technology
People try to treat technology as an object, and it can't be. It can only be a channel.;Jaron Lanier;technology
What does it mean to not be alone? I've approached that question through music, technology, writing and other means.;Jaron Lanier;technology
Technologists provide tools that can improve people's lives. But I want to be clear that I don't think technology by itself improves people's lives, since often I'm criticized for being too pro-technology. Unless there's commensurate ethical and moral improvements to go along with it, it's for naught.;Jaron Lanier;technology
If we allow our self-congratulatory adoration of technology to distract us from our own contact with each other, then somehow the original agenda has been lost.;Jaron Lanier;technology
I feel drawn to experiment with ways that technology can interact with notions of intimacy, because so much of technology is done in a way that's very cold and has such an opposite effect.;Jaron Lanier;technology
It is impossible to work in information technology without also engaging in social engineering.;Jaron Lanier;technology
In fact when you combine stem cell technology with the technology known as tissue engineering you can actually grow up entire organs, so as you suggest that sometime in the future you get in an auto accident and lose your kidney, we'd simply take a few skin cells and grow you up a new kidney. In fact this has already been done.;Robert Lanza;technology
In terms of the technology I use the most, it's probably a tie between my Blackberry and my MacBook Pro laptop. That's how I communicate with the rest of the world and how I handle all the business I have to handle.;John Legend;technology
The most I ever spent on technology is building a studio - I built one at home in Los Angeles. I can't tell you how much exactly, but the whole process is very expensive.;John Legend;technology
The most important thing about technology is that it can seamlessly work its way into your routine and your life.;John Legend;technology
I love the modern technology now.;Ringo Starr;technology
If science fiction is the mythology of modern technology, then its myth is tragic.;Ursula K. Le Guin;technology
We're seeing how the videos translate to the live shows and how the technology is really reaching kids.;Willie Aames;technology
You can be good at technology and like fashion and art. You can be good at technology and be a jock. You can be good at technology and be a mom. You can do it your way, on your terms.;Marissa Mayer;technology
I definitely think what drives technology companies is the people because in a technology company it's always about what are you going to do next.;Marissa Mayer;technology
If mankind were to continue in other than the present barbarism, a new path must be found, a new civilization based on some other method than technology.;Clifford D. Simak;technology
Today, the technology is there to give early and normally ample warning when a powerful tornado approaches. When a tornado strikes, all of us are at risk.;Spencer Bachus;technology
With all the technology we're inventing and what they're coming up with scientifically, people are having longer lifetimes. It's scary, but in the same sense it's also very exciting.;Brittany Murphy;technology
A variety of national and international studies indicate that the broad-based deployment of information technology can have a substantial impact on our nation's economic productivity and growth as well as the educational and social success of our citizens.;Tim Holden;technology
What I love about new technology is that it really pushes the art. It really pushes it in a way that you can't imagine until you come up with the idea. It's idea-based. You can do anything.;Robert Rodriguez;technology
I want to push technology boundaries to be more efficient.;Robert Rodriguez;technology
I am told that there have been over the years a number of experiments taking place in places like Massachusetts Institute of Technology that have been entirely based on concepts raised by Star Trek.;Patrick Stewart;technology
Look, the media are trapped by changes in the technology and business of their industry.;David Frum;technology
I don't find the technology threatening. A lot of people my age, my generation, find it difficult to immerse themselves. But I would never preclude the idea of using any technology if I thought it suited the end result.;Robert Smith;technology
Civilization has given us enormous successes: going to the moon, technology. But then this is the civilisation that took us to debt, environmental crisis, every single crisis. We need a civilization where we say goodbye to these things.;Muhammad Yunus;technology
And I have lived since - as you have - in a period of cold war, during which we have ensured by our achievements in the science and technology of destruction that a third act in this tragedy of war will result in the peace of extinction.;Lester B. Pearson;technology
During the past few decades, modern technology, with radio, TV, air travel, and satellites, has woven a network of communication which puts each part of the world in to almost instant contact with all the other parts.;David Bohm;technology
With millions of family wage manufacturing jobs lost since 2001, we need an energy bill that takes bold action to tap into American ingenuity in order to lead the world in new clean energy technology, rather than playing catch-up to the Japanese, Danish, and Germans.;Jay Inslee;technology
Many people recognize that technology often comes with unintended and undesirable side effects.;Leon Kass;technology
What I did in my youth is hundreds of times easier today. Technology breeds crime.;Frank Abagnale;technology
Without husbands, women have to focus on earning more. They work longer hours, they're willing to relocate and they're more likely to choose higher-paying fields like technology.;Warren Farrell;technology
Performance capture is a technology, not a genre it's just another way of recording an actor's performance.;Andy Serkis;technology
We have the greatest hospitals, doctors, and medical technology in the world - we need to make them accessible to every American.;Barbara Boxer;technology
It is the child's understanding that teaches the adults the way of the future. They're still doing it today with modern technology.;Michael Morpurgo;technology
Oh I love gadgets and I pride myself on keeping at the cutting edge of technology.;Alexander McCall Smith;technology
I want to do very useful buildings and I would like to find a method of producing these buildings through our technology because I think that this is the only way that we will gain wonderful environment easily in the future.;Minoru Yamasaki;technology
We had to address information technology in the ways we had not before and give the agents the tools that they need to do their job more efficiently and more expeditiously.;Robert Mueller;technology
Design, in its broadest sense, is the enabler of the digital era - it's a process that creates order out of chaos, that renders technology usable to business. Design means being good, not just looking good.;Clement Mok;technology
Globalization was a deep trend pushed by technology and right ideas, as much as anything else.;Jeffrey Sachs;technology
