The children have been a wonderful gift to me, and I'm thankful to have once again seen our world through their eyes. They restore my faith in the family's future.;Jackie Kennedy;faith
Only the person who has faith in himself is able to be faithful to others.;Erich Fromm;faith
Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief in the occurrence of the improbable.;H. L. Mencken;faith
The meme for blind faith secures its own perpetuation by the simple unconscious expedient of discouraging rational inquiry.;Richard Dawkins;faith
No person I have ever met, not even the most righteous or pure of heart, has gone without those times when faith recedes in the busy-ness of life.;Mitt Romney;faith
This President takes his inspiration from the capitals of Europe we look to the cities and small towns of America. This President puts his faith in government. We put our faith in the American people.;Mitt Romney;faith
Men and women of every faith and good people with none at all sincerely strive to do right and lead a purpose-driven life.;Mitt Romney;faith
I slept with faith and found a corpse in my arms on awakening I drank and danced all night with doubt and found her a virgin in the morning.;Aleister Crowley;faith
There is but one cause of human failure. And that is man's lack of faith in his true Self.;William James;faith
A library implies an act of faith.;Victor Hugo;faith
We must not sit still and look for miracles up and doing, and the Lord will be with thee. Prayer and pains, through faith in Christ Jesus, will do anything.;George Eliot;faith
Our faith is faith in someone else's faith, and in the greatest matters this is most the case.;William James;faith
Whatever universe a professor believes in must at any rate be a universe that lends itself to lengthy discourse. A universe definable in two sentences is something for which the professorial intellect has no use. No faith in anything of that cheap kind!;William James;faith
Faith, mighty faith, the promise sees, And looks to God alone Laughs at impossibilities, And cries it shall be done.;Charles Wesley;faith
It is only by risking our persons from one hour to another that we live at all. And often enough our faith beforehand in an uncertified result is the only thing that makes the result come true.;William James;faith
Forgiveness is like faith. You have to keep reviving it.;Mason Cooley;faith
To be an atheist requires an indefinitely greater measure of faith than to recieve all the great truths which atheism would deny.;Joseph Addison;faith
Faith is the first factor in a life devoted to service. Without it, nothing is possible. With it, nothing is impossible.;Mary McLeod Bethune;faith
There is nothing wrong with America that faith, love of freedom, intelligence, and energy of her citizens cannot cure.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;faith
Anybody who has been seriously engaged in scientific work of any kind realizes that over the entrance to the gates of the temple of science are written the words: 'Ye must have faith.';Max Planck;faith
Man must cease attributing his problems to his environment, and learn again to exercise his will - his personal responsibility in the realm of faith and morals.;Albert Schweitzer;faith
If children understand that beliefs should be substantiated with evidence, as opposed to tradition, authority, revelation or faith, they will automatically work out for themselves that they are atheists.;Richard Dawkins;faith
Faith means living with uncertainty - feeling your way through life, letting your heart guide you like a lantern in the dark.;Dan Millman;faith
Faith: Belief without evidence in what is told by one who speaks without knowledge, of things without parallel.;Ambrose Bierce;faith
No human race is superior no religious faith is inferior. All collective judgments are wrong. Only racists make them.;Elie Wiesel;faith
Not brute force but only persuasion and faith are the kings of this world.;Thomas Carlyle;faith
Amidst the confusion of the times, the conflicts of conscience, and the turmoil of daily living, an abiding faith becomes an anchor to our lives.;Thomas S. Monson;faith
In other words, a person who is fanatic in matters of religion, and clings to certain ideas about the nature of God and the universe, becomes a person who has no faith at all.;Alan Watts;faith
A great city, whose image dwells in the memory of man, is the type of some great idea. Rome represents conquest Faith hovers over the towers of Jerusalem and Athens embodies the pre-eminent quality of the antique world, Art.;Benjamin Disraeli;faith
It is the heart which perceives God and not the reason. That is what faith is: God perceived by the heart, not by the reason.;Blaise Pascal;faith
Love, like a chicken salad or restaurant hash, must be taken with blind faith or it loses its flavor.;Helen Rowland;faith
No lover, if he be of good faith, and sincere, will deny he would prefer to see his mistress dead than unfaithful.;Marquis de Sade;faith
I had faith in Israel before it was established, I have in it now. I believe it has a glorious future before it - not just another sovereign nation, but as an embodiment of the great ideals of our civilization.;Harry S. Truman;faith
Only our individual faith in freedom can keep us free.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;faith
There lives more faith in honest doubt, believe me, than in half the creeds.;Alfred Lord Tennyson;faith
Faith is different from proof the latter is human, the former is a Gift from God.;Blaise Pascal;faith
A better world shall emerge based on faith and understanding.;Douglas MacArthur;faith
Talk unbelief, and you will have unbelief but talk faith, and you will have faith. According to the seed sown will be the harvest.;Ellen G. White;faith
Faith is much better than belief. Belief is when someone else does the thinking.;R. Buckminster Fuller;faith
Practice means to perform, over and over again in the face of all obstacles, some act of vision, of faith, of desire. Practice is a means of inviting the perfection desired.;Martha Graham;faith
Faith is a state of openness or trust.;Alan Watts;faith
Politics is an act of faith you have to show some kind of confidence in the intellectual and moral capacity of the public.;George McGovern;faith
If you desire to be pure, have firm faith, and slowly go on with your devotional practices without wasting your energy in useless scriptural discussions and arguments. Your little brain will otherwise be muddled.;Ramakrishna;faith
Faith certainly tells us what the senses do not, but not the contrary of what they see it is above, not against them.;Blaise Pascal;faith
The parents have a right to say that no teacher paid by their money shall rob their children of faith in God and send them back to their homes skeptical, or infidels, or agnostics, or atheists.;William Jennings Bryan;faith
I have an almost complete disregard of precedent, and a faith in the possibility of something better. It irritates me to be told how things have always been done. I defy the tyranny of precedent. I go for anything new that might improve the past.;Clara Barton;faith
I'm grateful to God for His bountiful gifts... He gave me courage and faith in myself.;Loretta Young;faith
It is a masterpiece of the devil to make us believe that children cannot understand religion. Would Christ have made a child the standard of faith if He had known that it was not capable of understanding His words?;Dwight L. Moody;faith
Faith embraces many truths which seem to contradict each other.;Blaise Pascal;faith
We like security: we like the pope to be infallible in matters of faith, and grave doctors to be so in moral questions so that we can feel reassured.;Blaise Pascal;faith
Painting is a faith, and it imposes the duty to disregard public opinion.;Vincent Van Gogh;faith
Question: Why are we Masters of our Fate, the captains of our souls? Because we have the power to control our thoughts, our attitudes. That is why many people live in the withering negative world. That is why many people live in the Positive Faith world.;Alfred A. Montapert;faith
Duty cannot exist without faith.;Benjamin Disraeli;faith
No matter how corrupt and unjust a convict may be, he loves fairness more than anything else. If the people placed over him are unfair, from year to year he lapses into an embittered state characterized by an extreme lack of faith.;Anton Chekhov;faith
Blind faith, no matter how passionately expressed, will not suffice. Science for its part will test relentlessly every assumption about the human condition.;E. O. Wilson;faith
It is a great consolation for me to remember that the Lord, to whom I had drawn near in humble and child-like faith, has suffered and died for me, and that He will look on me in love and compassion.;Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart;faith
When you're thirsty and it seems that you could drink the entire ocean that's faith when you start to drink and finish only a glass or two that's science.;Anton Chekhov;faith
Do I think faith will be an important part of being a good president? Yes, I do.;George W. Bush;faith
Faith and doubt cannot exist in the same mind at the same time, for one will dispel the other.;Thomas S. Monson;faith
Faith moves mountains, but you have to keep pushing while you are praying.;Mason Cooley;faith
I was very, very religious. And of course I wrote about it in 'Night.' I questioned God's silence. So I questioned. I don't have an answer for that. Does it mean that I stopped having faith? No. I have faith, but I question it.;Elie Wiesel;faith
Life is a battle between faith and reason in which each feeds upon the other, drawing sustenance from it and destroying it.;Reinhold Niebuhr;faith
We have convinced over one billion members of the Islamic faith that we are prejudiced against their religion, that we would deny them freedom of religion, that we want suppress their culture and invade their governments.;Theodore C. Sorensen;faith
A mission is a place where you ask nonbelievers to come and find faith and hope and feel love.;Robert H. Schuller;faith
Faith is part of who I am, yes. I was raised Christian Scientist. The most important thing I saw every single week on the wall at Sunday school was the Golden Rule.;Ellen DeGeneres;faith
Faith is an aptitude of the spirit. It is, in fact, a talent: you must be born with it.;Anton Chekhov;faith
With faith, discipline and selfless devotion to duty, there is nothing worthwhile that you cannot achieve.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;faith
Faith that it's not always in your hands or things don't always go the way you planned, but you have to have faith that there is a plan for you, and you must follow your heart and believe in yourself no matter what.;Martina McBride;faith
Never be discouraged. If I were sunk in the lowest pits of Nova Scotia, with the Rocky Mountains piled on me, I would hang on, exercise faith, and keep up good courage, and I would come out on top.;Joseph Smith, Jr.;faith
Patience and Diligence, like faith, remove mountains.;William Penn;faith
Blind faith in your leaders, or in anything, will get you killed.;Bruce Springsteen;faith
Faith consists in being vitally concerned with that ultimate reality to which I give the symbolical name of God. Whoever reflects earnestly on the meaning of life is on the verge of an act of faith.;Paul Tillich;faith
The truth of our faith becomes a matter of ridicule among the infidels if any Catholic, not gifted with the necessary scientific learning, presents as dogma what scientific scrutiny shows to be false.;Thomas Aquinas;faith
You can do very little with faith, but you can do nothing without it.;Samuel Butler;faith
Faith - you can do very little with it, but you can do nothing without it.;Samuel Butler;faith
What is faith but a kind of betting or speculation after all? It should be, I bet that my Redeemer liveth.;Samuel Butler;faith
We can never learn too much of His will towards us, too much of His messages and His advice. The Bible is His word and its study gives at once the foundation for our faith and an inspiration to battle onward in the fight against the tempter.;John D. Rockefeller;faith
When prayer removes distrust and doubt and enters the field of mental certainty, it becomes faith and the universe is built on faith.;Ernest Holmes;faith
Faith in a holy cause is to a considerable extent a substitute for lost faith in ourselves.;Eric Hoffer;faith
Faith is not believing that God can. It is knowing that God will.;Ben Stein;faith
People who believe they have the power to exercise some measure of control over their lives are healthier, more effective and more successful than those who lack faith in their ability to effect changes in their lives.;Albert Bandura;faith
In the evening of life we shall be judged on love, and not one of us is going to come off very well, and were it not for my absolute faith in the loving forgiveness of my Lord I could not call on him to come.;Madeleine L'Engle;faith
For modes of faith let graceless zealots fight, His can't be wrong whose life is in the right.;Alexander Pope;faith
At least the fundamentalists haven't tried to dilute their message. Their faith is exposed for what it is for all to see.;Richard Dawkins;faith
Bad faith likes discourse on friendship and loyalty.;Mason Cooley;faith
By any reasonable measure of achievement, the faith of the Enlightenment thinkers in science was justified.;E. O. Wilson;faith
Although a man may wear fine clothing, if he lives peacefully and is good, self-possessed, has faith and is pure and if he does not hurt any living being, he is a holy man.;Denis Diderot;faith
How many things we held yesterday as articles of faith which today we tell as fables.;Michel de Montaigne;faith
The mysteries of faith are degraded if they are made into an object of affirmation and negation, when in reality they should be an object of contemplation.;Simone Weil;faith
Doubt is not the opposite of faith it is one element of faith.;Paul Tillich;faith
Getting ahead in a difficult profession requires avid faith in yourself. That is why some people with mediocre talent, but with great inner drive, go so much further than people with vastly superior talent.;Sophia Loren;faith
There are many talented people who haven't fulfilled their dreams because they over thought it, or they were too cautious, and were unwilling to make the leap of faith.;James Cameron;faith
It is part of my faith as a Muslim to try to help those who are suffering from poverty or economic or political injustice.;Cat Stevens;faith
I have no mystic faith in the people. I have in the individual.;E. M. Forster;faith
The infinite faith I have in people's ability to understand anything that makes sense has always been justified, finally, by their behavior.;Alice Walker;faith
As a people of faith, we know that prayer is a powerful instrument. And as one Nation under God, we know that many times our most powerful tool is prayer.;Nick Rahall;faith
If we were logical, the future would be bleak, indeed. But we are more than logical. We are human beings, and we have faith, and we have hope, and we can work.;Jacques Yves Cousteau;faith
The improver of natural knowledge absolutely refuses to acknowledge authority, as such. For him, skepticism is the highest of duties blind faith the one unpardonable sin.;Thomas Huxley;faith
Nothing which is true or beautiful or good makes complete sense in any immediate context of history therefore we must be saved by faith.;Reinhold Niebuhr;faith
