I am more and more convinced that our happiness or our unhappiness depends far more on the way we meet the events of life than on the nature of those events themselves.;Wilhelm von Humboldt;nature
Go forth under the open sky, and list To Nature's teachings.;William C. Bryant;nature
Human nature is such that monogamy is a really hard thing to achieve.;Sienna Miller;nature
Whatsoever is contrary to nature is contrary to reason, and whatsoever is contrary to reason is absurd.;Baruch Spinoza;nature
A committee is organic rather than mechanical in its nature: it is not a structure but a plant. It takes root and grows, it flowers, wilts, and dies, scattering the seed from which other committees will bloom in their turn.;C. Northcote Parkinson;nature
Nothing in the universe is contingent, but all things are conditioned to exist and operate in a particular manner by the necessity of the divine nature.;Baruch Spinoza;nature
Nature is something outside our body, but the mind is within us.;Bhumibol Adulyadej;nature
And of all illumination which human reason can give, none is comparable to the discovery of what we are, our nature, our obligations, what happiness we are capable of, and what are the means of attaining it.;Adam Weishaupt;nature
You want to put out a TV show? If you have the money to do it on your own, by yourself, and you have a TV network, you can do it by yourself. But the nature of the beast is, art needs finance. That's how this industry works. So until the Internet becomes our source of entertainment - and watch it, I believe it will - this is how things go.;Nathan Fillion;nature
The scientific observer of Nature is a kind of mystic seeker in the act of prayer.;Muhammad Iqbal;nature
Over-commercialization and its resulting restrictions and limitations can be very damaging and distorting to the inherent nature of the individual. I did not deliberately abandon my fans, nor did I deliberately abandon any responsibilities.;Lauryn Hill;nature
I wish that all of nature's magnificence, the emotion of the land, the living energy of place could be photographed.;Annie Leibovitz;nature
I can tell you for sure: people who are at their peak right now will not sustain that. You can't. It's against the law of nature.;Bryan Cranston;nature
Compared to America or Europe, God isn't a big part of our lives here. I don't know anyone here who goes to church when he's had a rough divorce or is going through depression. We go out into nature instead.;Bjork;nature
Don't be afraid in nature: one must be bold, at the risk of having been deceived and making mistakes.;Camille Pissarro;nature
To bare our souls is all we ask, to give all we have to life and the beings surrounding us. Here the nature spirits are intense and we appreciate them, make offerings to them - these nature spirits who call us here - sealing our fate with each other, celebrating our love.;Alex Grey;nature
A civilized nation can have no enemies, and one cannot draw a line across a map, a line that doesn't even exist in nature and say that the ugly enemy lives on the one side, and good friends live on the other.;Thor Heyerdahl;nature
Nothing in human nature is so God-like as the disposition to do good to our fellow-creatures.;Samuel Richardson;nature
Nothing. We're all friends and friendly. So when the cameras go down, depending on the mood or the nature of the material we're dealing with, there's usually a kind of a prevailing light attitude that's floating around.;Richard Dean Anderson;nature
One of the greatest pains to human nature is the pain of a new idea.;Walter Bagehot;nature
I never sort of thought of myself as a comedy writer, by nature.;Lena Dunham;nature
Custom is second nature.;Augustine of Hippo;nature
I attribute the quarrelsome nature of the Middle Ages young men entirely to the want of the soothing weed.;Jerome K. Jerome;nature
I'm a typical middle child. I'm the mediator. The one that makes everything OK, puts their own needs aside to make sure everybody's happy. It's hard to change your nature, even with years and years of therapy.;Jennifer Jason Leigh;nature
Ninety percent of the students take the 'preferred lender.' Why? Because that's the nature of the relationship. You trust the school. The school is in a position of authority.;Andrew Cuomo;nature
The Republican form of government is the highest form of government: but because of this it requires the highest type of human nature, a type nowhere at present existing.;Herbert Spencer;nature
The attitude that nature is chaotic and that the artist puts order into it is a very absurd point of view, I think. All that we can hope for is to put some order into ourselves.;Willem de Kooning;nature
English majors understand human nature better than economists do.;Jane Smiley;nature
Close elections tend to break toward the challenger because undecided voters - having held out so long against the incumbent - are by nature looking for change.;Ron Fournier;nature
Is human nature basically good or evil? No economist can embark upon his profession without considering this question, and yet they all seem to. And they all seem to think human nature is basically good, or they wouldn't be surprised by the effects of deregulation.;Jane Smiley;nature
People have always wanted to be recognized, and that's human nature. But people used to want to be recognized for their accomplishments, and now they simply want to be visible.;Diablo Cody;nature
There can never be such a thing as a free market, because it is human nature to cheat, monopolize, and buy off others so as to corner the market.;Jane Smiley;nature
We can't blame children for occupying themselves with Facebook rather than playing in the mud. Our society doesn't put a priority on connecting with nature. In fact, too often we tell them it's dirty and dangerous.;David Suzuki;nature
Human nature doesn't include all human beings. There are human beings who are indifferent to politics, religion, virtually anything.;Conor Cruise O'Brien;nature
As parents, grandparents, uncles and aunts we need to start getting out into nature with the young people in our lives. Families play a key role in getting kids outside.;David Suzuki;nature
I think it is in collaboration that the nature of art is revealed.;Steve Lacy;nature
I've always regarded nature as the clothing of God.;Alan Hovhaness;nature
Nature never said to me: Do not be poor still less did she say: Be rich her cry to me was always: Be independent.;Nicolas Chamfort;nature
While a case can be made for intelligent design, I can't figure out why some Christians are so thrilled about that possibility. First of all, it doesn't prove there's a God. If anything, intelligent design lends support to some form of pantheism that defines God as immanent within nature.;Tony Campolo;nature
There is no doubt that religion had already waned under the onslaught of the Enlightenment, but it was Freud who provided the radically new understanding of human nature that made any religious explanation of the whats and whys of our personhood seem naive.;Tony Campolo;nature
The Ukrainian community is tight-knit by nature.;Vera Farmiga;nature
Women, by their nature, are not exceptional chess players: they are not great fighters.;Garry Kasparov;nature
The structure of life I have described in buildings - the structure which I believe to be objective - is deeply and inextricably connected with the human person, and with the innermost nature of human feeling.;Christopher Alexander;nature
Listen, if there's one sure-fire rule that I have learned in this business, it's that I don't know anything about human nature.;Francis Ford Coppola;nature
I realise that in this undertaking I place myself in a certain opposition to views widely held concerning the mathematical infinite and to opinions frequently defended on the nature of numbers.;Georg Cantor;nature
The skull is nature's sculpture.;David Bailey;nature
Anyone who has obeyed nature by transmitting a piece of gossip experiences the explosive relief that accompanies the satisfying of a primary need.;Primo Levi;nature
Self-preservation, nature's first great law, all the creatures, except man, doth awe.;Andrew Marvell;nature
The highest purpose is to have no purpose at all. This puts one in accord with nature, in her manner of operation.;John Cage;nature
It is hard, I submit, to loathe bloodshed, including war, more than I do, but it is still harder to exceed my loathing of the very nature of totalitarian states in which massacre is only an administrative detail.;Vladimir Nabokov;nature
A lawn is nature under totalitarian rule.;Michael Pollan;nature
Hidden nature is secret God.;Sri Aurobindo;nature
If you are cast in a different mould to the majority, it is no merit of yours: Nature did it.;Charlotte Bronte;nature
To make a love story, you need a couple of young people, but to reflect on the nature of love, you're better off with old ones. That is a fact of life and literature - and of the novel ever since it fell in love with love in the 18th century.;James Buchan;nature
It is human nature to instinctively rebel at obscurity or ordinariness.;Taylor Caldwell;nature
The exposed nature of life in the public square affects leaders' attitudes toward risk - and failure.;Dee Dee Myers;nature
Nature isn't positive in that way. It doesn't aim itself at you. It's not being unkind to you.;David Attenborough;nature
Abstraction is real, probably more real than nature.;Josef Albers;nature
Most of us really aren't horribly unique. There are 6 billion of us. Put 'em all in one room and very few would stand out as individuals. So maybe we ought to think of worth in terms of our ability to get along as a part of nature, rather than being the lords over nature.;Herbert Simon;nature
We lament the speed of our society and the lack of depth and the nature of disposable information.;David Ogden Stiers;nature
Such is the audacity of man, that he hath learned to counterfeit Nature, yea, and is so bold as to challenge her in her work.;Pliny the Elder;nature
Faith is not a notion, but a real strong essential hunger, an attracting or magnetic desire of Christ, which as it proceeds from a seed of the divine nature in us, so it attracts and unites with its like.;William Law;nature
I'm very comfortable with the nature of life and death, and that we come to an end. What's most difficult to imagine is that those dreams and early yearnings and desires of childhood and adolescence will also disappear. But who knows? Maybe you become part of the eternal whatever.;Hugh Hefner;nature
The gifts of nature are infinite in their variety, and mind differs from mind almost as much as body from body.;Quintilian;nature
I don't think I'll ever be able to stay in one place for more than a year or two. It's not in my nature.;Ricky Williams;nature
Government is, by its very nature, a destroyer of liberties the Obama administration, specifically, is promising to interfere with the economy and the health care system so profoundly that Washington will soon have us all in chains.;Thomas Frank;nature
Compassion is a call, a demand of nature, to relieve the unhappy as hunger is a natural call for food.;Joseph Butler;nature
The idea is that there is a kind of memory in nature. Each kind of thing has a collective memory. So, take a squirrel living in New York now. That squirrel is being influenced by all past squirrels.;Rupert Sheldrake;nature
Nature chooses who will be transgender individuals don't choose this.;Mercedes Ruehl;nature
Learn from me, if not by my precepts, then by my example, how dangerous is the pursuit of knowledge and how much happier is that man who believes his native town to be the world than he who aspires to be greater than his nature will allow.;Mary Wollstonecraft;nature
If you can't be in awe of Mother Nature, there's something wrong with you.;Alex Trebek;nature
The nature of the global business environment guarantees that no matter how hard we work to create a stable and healthy organisation, our organisation will continue to experience dramatic changes far beyond our control.;Margaret J. Wheatley;nature
There is an urgent need for a radical revision of our current concepts of the nature of consciousness and its relationship to matter and the brain.;Stanislav Grof;nature
Quantum computation is... a distinctively new way of harnessing nature... It will be the first technology that allows useful tasks to be performed in collaboration between parallel universes.;David Deutsch;nature
Here take back the stuff that I am, nature, knead it back into the dough of being, make of me a bush, a cloud, whatever you will, even a man, only no longer make me me.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;nature
Many artists and scholars have pointed out that ultimately art depends on human nature.;Steven Pinker;nature
The noble simplicity in the works of nature only too often originates in the noble shortsightedness of him who observes it.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;nature
Nature is not only all that is visible to the eye... it also includes the inner pictures of the soul.;Edvard Munch;nature
For neither life nor nature cares if justice is ever done or not.;Patricia Highsmith;nature
A beautiful lady is an accident of nature. A beautiful old lady is a work of art.;Louis Nizer;nature
Although believers by nature, are far from God, and children of wrath, even as others, yet it is amazing to think how nigh they are brought to him again by the blood of Jesus Christ.;George Whitefield;nature
I don't understand the notion that modern farming is anything do to with nature. It's a pretty gross interference with nature.;Peter Singer;nature
Art is about expressing the true nature of the human spirit in whatever way one wishes to express it. If it is honest, it is beautiful. If it is not honest, it is obvious.;Corin Nemec;nature
Resistance is feasible even for those who are not heroes by nature, and it is an obligation, I believe, for those who fear the consequences and detest the reality of the attempt to impose American hegemony.;Noam Chomsky;nature
Beauty is nature's brag, and must be shown in courts, at feasts, and high solemnities, where most may wonder at the workmanship.;John Milton;nature
Nature abhors a vacuum.;Francois Rabelais;nature
I think most artists create out of despair. The very nature of creation is not a performing glory on the outside, it's a painful, difficult search within.;Louise Berliawsky Nevelson;nature
I can find God in nature, in animals, in birds and the environment.;Pat Buckley;nature
But theater, because of its nature, both text, images, multimedia effects, has a wider base of communication with an audience. That's why I call it the most social of the various art forms.;Wole Soyinka;nature
Love of man for woman - love of woman for man. That's the nature, the meaning, the best of life itself.;Zane Grey;nature
There's a kind of dynamic quality about theater and that dynamic quality expresses itself in relation to, first of all, the environment in which it's being staged then the audience, the nature of the audience, the quality of the audience.;Wole Soyinka;nature
Whenever I get fed up with life I love to go wandering in nature.;Andrea Arnold;nature
Human nature is above all things lazy.;Harriet Beecher Stowe;nature
We coin concepts and we use them to analyse and explain nature and society. But we seem to forget, midway, that these concepts are our own constructs and start equating them with reality.;Abdolkarim Soroush;nature
Growing hemp as nature designed it is vital to our urgent need to reduce greenhouse gases and ensure the survival of our planet.;Jack Herer;nature
The scientist does not study nature because it is useful he studies it because he delights in it, and he delights in it because it is beautiful.;Henri Poincare;nature
By nature, men love newfangledness.;Geoffrey Chaucer;nature
In the state of nature profit is the measure of right.;Thomas Hobbes;nature
I plead for conservation of human culture, which is much more fragile than nature herself. We needn't destroy other cultures with the force of our own.;Arthur Erickson;nature
