Civilization advances by extending the number of important operations which we can perform without thinking of them.;Alfred North Whitehead;technology
Cyberspace. A consensual hallucination experienced daily by billions of legitimate operators, in every nation, by children being taught mathematical concepts.;William Gibson;technology
If it keeps up, man will atrophy all his limbs but the push-button finger.;Frank Lloyd Wright;technology
For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for Nature cannot be fooled.;Richard P. Feynman;technology
The Internet treats censorship as a malfunction and routes around it.;John Perry Barlow;technology
Technology is a gift of God. After the gift of life it is perhaps the greatest of God's gifts. It is the mother of civilizations, of arts and of sciences.;Freeman Dyson;technology
What the country needs are a few labor-making inventions.;Arnold H. Glasow;technology
The newest computer can merely compound, at speed, the oldest problem in the relations between human beings, and in the end the communicator will be confronted with the old problem, of what to say and how to say it.;Edward R. Murrow;technology
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons.;R. Buckminster Fuller;technology
Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.;Fred Allen;technology
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.;B. F. Skinner;technology
Champagne, if you are seeking the truth, is better than a lie detector. It encourages a man to be expansive, even reckless, while lie detectors are only a challenge to tell lies successfully.;Graham Greene;technology
Technology is making gestures precise and brutal, and with them men.;Theodor Adorno;technology
It is questionable if all the mechanical inventions yet made have lightened the day's toil of any human being.;John Stuart Mill;technology
I just invent, then wait until man comes around to needing what I've invented.;R. Buckminster Fuller;technology
Technology is so much fun but we can drown in our technology. The fog of information can drive out knowledge.;Daniel J. Boorstin;technology
The internet is a great way to get on the net.;Bob Dole;technology
The protean nature of the computer is such that it can act like a machine or like a language to be shaped and exploited.;Alan Kay;technology
For my confirmation, I didn't get a watch and my first pair of long pants, like most Lutheran boys. I got a telescope. My mother thought it would make the best gift.;Wernher von Braun;technology
Microsoft isn't evil, they just make really crappy operating systems.;Linus Torvalds;technology
If we continue to develop our technology without wisdom or prudence, our servant may prove to be our executioner.;Omar N. Bradley;technology
There are three roads to ruin women, gambling and technicians. The most pleasant is with women, the quickest is with gambling, but the surest is with technicians.;Georges Pompidou;technology
Our technological powers increase, but the side effects and potential hazards also escalate.;Alvin Toffler;technology
People are stunned to hear that one company has data files on 185 million Americans.;Ralph Nader;technology
Defect-free software does not exist.;Wietse Venema;technology
Congress will pass a law restricting public comment on the Internet to individuals who have spent a minimum of one hour actually accomplishing a specific task while on line.;Andy Grove;technology
Building technical systems involves a lot of hard work and specialized knowledge: languages and protocols, coding and debugging, testing and refactoring.;Jesse James Garrett;technology
Doing linear scans over an associative array is like trying to club someone to death with a loaded Uzi.;Larry Wall;technology
Real programmers can write assembly code in any language.;Larry Wall;technology
You affect the world by what you browse.;Tim Berners-Lee;technology
In software systems it is often the early bird that makes the worm.;Alan Perlis;technology
The Internet is a telephone system that's gotten uppity.;Clifford Stoll;technology
Technology has to be invented or adopted.;Jared Diamond;technology
Building one space station for everyone was and is insane: we should have built a dozen.;Larry Niven;technology
What new technology does is create new opportunities to do a job that customers want done.;Tim O'Reilly;technology
We are the children of a technological age. We have found streamlined ways of doing much of our routine work. Printing is no longer the only way of reproducing books. Reading them, however, has not changed.;Lawrence Clark Powell;technology
Tweeting is like sending out cool telegrams to your friends once a week.;Tom Hanks;technology
The Linux philosophy is 'Laugh in the face of danger'. Oops. Wrong One. 'Do it yourself'. Yes, that's it.;Linus Torvalds;technology
It may not always be profitable at first for businesses to be online, but it is certainly going to be unprofitable not to be online.;Esther Dyson;technology
It's impossible to move, to live, to operate at any level without leaving traces, bits, seemingly meaningless fragments of personal information.;William Gibson;technology
Just as we could have rode into the sunset, along came the Internet, and it tripled the significance of the PC.;Andy Grove;technology
Technology... is a queer thing. It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other.;Carrie P. Snow;technology
I think complexity is mostly sort of crummy stuff that is there because it's too expensive to change the interface.;Jaron Lanier;technology
Style used to be an interaction between the human soul and tools that were limiting. In the digital era, it will have to come from the soul alone.;Jaron Lanier;technology
I want people to use Perl. I want to be a positive ingredient of the world and make my American history. So, whatever it takes to give away my software and get it used, that's great.;Larry Wall;technology
Sites need to be able to interact in one single, universal space.;Tim Berners-Lee;technology
The Web as I envisaged it, we have not seen it yet. The future is still so much bigger than the past.;Tim Berners-Lee;technology
I have an almost religious zeal... not for technology per se, but for the Internet which is for me, the nervous system of mother Earth, which I see as a living creature, linking up.;Dan Millman;technology
The telephone is a 100-year-old technology. It's time for a change. Charging for phone calls is something you did last century.;Niklas Zennstrom;technology
I think it is inevitable that people program poorly. Training will not substantially help matters. We have to learn to live with it.;Alan Perlis;technology
Technology is the knack of so arranging the world that we don't have to experience it.;Max Frisch;technology
We will create a civilization of the Mind in Cyberspace. May it be more humane and fair than the world your governments have made before.;John Perry Barlow;technology
Relying on the government to protect your privacy is like asking a peeping tom to install your window blinds.;John Perry Barlow;technology
The 'Net is a waste of time, and that's exactly what's right about it.;William Gibson;technology
Leaders have to act more quickly today. The pressure comes much faster.;Andy Grove;technology
What's sort of interesting about the whole public relations disaster that is the Net, in some ways, is that the fundamentals are really good.;Meg Whitman;technology
We're still in the first minutes of the first day of the Internet revolution.;Scott Cook;technology
Microsoft is engaging in unlawful predatory practices that go well beyond the scope of fair competition.;Orrin Hatch;technology
The system of nature, of which man is a part, tends to be self-balancing, self-adjusting, self-cleansing. Not so with technology.;E. F. Schumacher;technology
Gates is the ultimate programming machine. He believes everything can be defined, examined, reduced to essentials, and rearranged into a logical sequence that will achieve a particular goal.;Stewart Alsop;technology
I used to think that cyberspace was fifty years away. What I thought was fifty years away, was only ten years away. And what I thought was ten years away... it was already here. I just wasn't aware of it yet.;Bruce Sterling;technology
We need a data network that can easily carry voice, instead of what we have today, a voice network struggling to carry data.;Reed Hundt;technology
I think people have a vague sense that the television system is changing.;Michael K. Powell;technology
The Internet is so big, so powerful and pointless that for some people it is a complete substitute for life.;Andrew Brown;technology
It is only when they go wrong that machines remind you how powerful they are.;Clive James;technology
The only thing that I'd rather own than Windows is English, because then I could charge you two hundred and forty-nine dollars for the right to speak it.;Scott McNealy;technology
The most important and urgent problems of the technology of today are no longer the satisfactions of the primary needs or of archetypal wishes, but the reparation of the evils and damages by the technology of yesterday.;Dennis Gabor;technology
The research rat of the future allows experimentation without manipulation of the real world. This is the cutting edge of modeling technology.;John Spencer;technology
While the rest of the world has been improving technology, Ghana has been improving the quality of man's humanity to man.;Maya Angelou;technology
We have also arranged things so that almost no one understands science and technology. This is a prescription for disaster. We might get away with it for a while, but sooner or later this combustible mixture of ignorance and power is going to blow up in our faces.;Carl Sagan;technology
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them.;Steve Jobs;technology
We live in a society exquisitely dependent on science and technology, in which hardly anyone knows anything about science and technology.;Carl Sagan;technology
If GM had kept up with technology like the computer industry has, we would all be driving $25 cars that got 1,000 MPG.;Bill Gates;technology
Information technology and business are becoming inextricably interwoven. I don't think anybody can talk meaningfully about one without the talking about the other.;Bill Gates;technology
I'm sorry, it's true. Having children really changes your view on these things. We're born, we live for a brief instant, and we die. It's been happening for a long time. Technology is not changing it much - if at all.;Steve Jobs;technology
I think it's brought the world a lot closer together, and will continue to do that. There are downsides to everything there are unintended consequences to everything. The most corrosive piece of technology that I've ever seen is called television - but then, again, television, at its best, is magnificent.;Steve Jobs;technology
I've always wanted to own and control the primary technology in everything we do.;Steve Jobs;technology
It's not a faith in technology. It's faith in people.;Steve Jobs;technology
The over-all point is that new technology will not necessarily replace old technology, but it will date it. By definition. Eventually, it will replace it. But it's like people who had black-and-white TVs when color came out. They eventually decided whether or not the new technology was worth the investment.;Steve Jobs;technology
So let's not use a stylus. We're going to use the best pointing device in the world. We're going to use a pointing device that we're all born with - born with ten of them. We're going to use our fingers. We're going to touch this with our fingers. And we have invented a new technology called multi-touch, which is phenomenal. It works like magic.;Steve Jobs;technology
With our technology, with objects, literally three people in a garage can blow away what 200 people at Microsoft can do. Literally can blow it away. Corporate America has a need that is so huge and can save them so much money, or make them so much money, or cost them so much money if they miss it, that they are going to fuel the object revolution.;Steve Jobs;technology
Why are we, as a nation so obsessed with foreign things? Is it a legacy of our colonial years? We want foreign television sets. We want foreign shirts. We want foreign technology. Why this obsession with everything imported?;Abdul Kalam;technology
Capitalist production, therefore, develops technology, and the combining together of various processes into a social whole, only by sapping the original sources of all wealth - the soil and the labourer.;Karl Marx;technology
The advance of technology is based on making it fit in so that you don't really even notice it, so it's part of everyday life.;Bill Gates;technology
If future generations are to remember us more with gratitude than sorrow, we must achieve more than just the miracles of technology. We must also leave them a glimpse of the world as it was created, not just as it looked when we got through with it.;Lyndon B. Johnson;technology
We humans are an extremely important manifestation of the replication bomb, because it is through us - through our brains, our symbolic culture and our technology - that the explosion may proceed to the next stage and reverberate through deep space.;Richard Dawkins;technology
The new information technology... Internet and e-mail... have practically eliminated the physical costs of communications.;Peter Drucker;technology
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology accepts blacks in the top ten percent of students, but at MIT this puts them in the bottom ten percent of the class.;Thomas Sowell;technology
Technology is destructive only in the hands of people who do not realize that they are one and the same process as the universe.;Alan Watts;technology
Technology has advanced more in the last thirty years than in the previous two thousand. The exponential increase in advancement will only continue. Anthropological Commentary The opposite of a trivial truth is false the opposite of a great truth is also true.;Niels Bohr;technology
The medium is the message. This is merely to say that the personal and social consequences of any medium - that is, of any extension of ourselves - result from the new scale that is introduced into our affairs by each extension of ourselves, or by any new technology.;Marshall McLuhan;technology
The humanists' replacement for religion: work really hard and somehow you'll either save yourself or you'll be immortal. Of course, that's a total joke, and our progress is nothing. There may be progress in technology but there's no ethical progress whatsoever.;David Bowie;technology
I think we are living in selfish times. I'm the first one to say that I'm the most selfish. We live in the so-called 'first world,' and we may be first in a lot of things like technology, but we are behind in empathy.;Javier Bardem;technology
Everything is fraught with danger. I love technology and I love science. It's just always all in the way you use it. So there's no - you can't really blame anything on the technology. It's just the way people use it, and it always has been.;Steve Martin;technology
What troubles me is the Internet and the electronic technology revolution. Shyness is fueled in part by so many people spending huge amounts of time alone, isolated on e-mail, in chat rooms, which reduces their face-to-face contact with other people.;Philip Zimbardo;technology
Piecemeal social engineering resembles physical engineering in regarding the ends as beyond the province of technology.;Karl Popper;technology
I've always felt that technology can be used to our benefit and should be used to our benefit.;Deepak Chopra;technology
To make a rock'n'roll record, technology is the least important thing.;Keith Richards;technology
Technology favors horrible people.;Doug Coupland;technology
