Faith is personal if it's to be real.;Bear Grylls;faith
My faith isn't very churchy, it's a pretty personal, intimate thing and has been a huge source of strength in moments of life and death.;Bear Grylls;faith
Christianity is not about religion. It's about faith, about being held, about being forgiven. It's about finding joy and finding home.;Bear Grylls;faith
And Jesus, the heart of the Christian faith is the wildest, most radical guy you'd ever come across.;Bear Grylls;faith
My faith is an important part of my life and over the years I've learnt that it takes a proud man to say he doesn't need anything. It has been a quiet strength and a backbone through a lot of difficult times.;Bear Grylls;faith
True fans of the Constitution, like true fans of the national pastime, acknowledge the critical role of human judgment in making tough calls. We don't expect flawless interpretation. We expect good faith. We demand honesty.;Eric Liu;faith
'The Purpose-Driven Life' is not just a mega-bestselling work of Christian faith it is the thing that every voter, secular or not, yearns for.;Eric Liu;faith
If faith produce no works, I see That faith is not a living tree. Thus faith and works together grow, No separate life they never can know. They're soul and body, hand and heart, What God hath joined, let no man part.;Hannah More;faith
Christ does not save us by acting a parable of divine love he acts the parable of divine love by saving us. That is the Christian faith.;Austin Farrer;faith
I never search for a reason why - I have faith in the Lord's purpose.;Willie Stargell;faith
Since I was an atheist for many years and came to believe in God through my studies in science, it frustrated me to see students and parents who viewed faith and science as enemies.;John Clayton;faith
I'm about as big a star as the Baha'i faith has got, which is pretty pathetic.;Rainn Wilson;faith
There were periods of my life when a lot of people didn't believe in me. I still had faith in myself. I really had to ask myself life questions. Where do I see myself in five years? Create a ladder for yourself, and walk up the steps. Climb that ladder.;Fergie;faith
The best way is to say that as a Christian for me the essence of Christian faith is that you treat others as if you wish to be treated.;Mike Huckabee;faith
All of my children are ideologically and politically in sync with me, they all have authentic Christian faith. It's something I'm very grateful for.;Mike Huckabee;faith
I have very little faith that I'll ever find someone. I've had some bad luck and I've made some bad choices - not in men, but in how I've chosen to deal with relationships.;Selma Blair;faith
In the spiritual body moreover, man appears such as he is with respect to love and faith, for everyone in the spiritual world is the effigy of his own love, not only as to the face and the body, but also as to the speech and the actions.;Emanuel Swedenborg;faith
Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door.;George Edward Moore;faith
The investigator should have a robust faith - and yet not believe.;Claude Bernard;faith
I am not a great theologian. I know there is a theological concept called invincible ignorance in which a strong enough faith binds you to any facts to the contrary.;Barney Frank;faith
Purity is not imposed upon us as though it were a kind of punishment, it is one of those mysterious but obvious conditions of that supernatural knowledge of ourselves in the Divine, which we speak of as faith. Impurity does not destroy this knowledge, it slays our need for it.;Georges Bernanos;faith
My faith means everything to me. God and I talk constantly.;Sherri Shepherd;faith
As a Christian, there is no other part of the New Right ideology that concerns me more than its self-serving misuse of religious faith.;Mark Hatfield;faith
As a world view, Darwinism cannot of course be refuted, since Faith is, always has been, and always will be, stronger than facts.;Francis Parker Yockey;faith
Film is an illusion. Fame is ephemeral. Faith and family are what endure.;Emilio Estevez;faith
We're very open and outspoken about our faith and our beliefs. We also talk about our doubts, our moments of insecurities. We talk about it all day, how we're inspired by God. We recognize little miracles every day, and that's how we're raising our daughter.;Boris Kodjoe;faith
I guess my religious faith sustained me more than anything else. Family is also very important. If I didn't have children, it would have been too difficult. Even if you are strong, you still need people who would support you all the way.;Corazon Aquino;faith
When you put your total faith in God, no matter what happens, to a person who's a true believer, if you die, you know you're going to heaven to be with God.;Jim Bakker;faith
By concentrating on what is good in people, by appealing to their idealism and their sense of justice, and by asking them to put their faith in the future, socialists put themselves at a severe disadvantage.;Ian Mcewan;faith
You work on things and you have such faith in them while you're making them that everything feels special - in a way.;Guy Pearce;faith
I am politically pro-choice, but personally pro-life. I have my faith but refuse to force it on the world at large - especially this world, so brutal and unjust. I cannot make these wrenching personal life and death decisions for others - nor do I believe they should be made by a church run by childless men.;Julianna Baggott;faith
Doing films in Latin America is like an act of faith. I mean, you really have to believe in what you're doing because if not, you feel like it's a waste of time because you might as well be doing something that at least pays you the rent.;Gael Garcia Bernal;faith
When did we begin to lose faith in our ability to effect change?;Wynton Marsalis;faith
Education is extremely important to the Hispanic community, as well as faith, and certainly working hard.;Luis Fortuno;faith
You just kind of have faith. If that sounds kind of mystical, it's because I really don't know how it works, but I trust that it does. I try to write the way I read, in order to find out what happens next.;Richard Russo;faith
Well, I think that Catholicism's basic foundation of faith is personal conscience. I think it's between you and God, not you and the Church.;Martin Sheen;faith
Your faith in yourself is all you will ever have. Don't let anyone take it away from you, ever.;Holly Marie Combs;faith
I'm a Christian. I go to church when I can. I was raised Baptist. I went to a Lutheran school. I'm a nondenominational practicing Christian. I have a lot of faith.;Brittany Murphy;faith
My daddy, Rev. A. D. King, my granddaddy, Martin Luther King, Senior - we are a family of faith, hope and love.;Alveda King;faith
We're reclaiming America and restoring honor. I believe we do that with faith, with hope, with charity, and honoring our brothers and our sisters as we honor each other.;Alveda King;faith
I had very supportive parents that made the way for me, even at a time when there were very few women - no women, really maybe two or three women - and very few, fewer than that, African-American women heading in this direction, so there were very few people to look up to. You just had to have faith.;Leah Ward Sears;faith
I'm a believer in belief. Faith is something that works - it causes people to do things, it has results. It's an intangible, indefinable, very real thing. And it moves people, sometimes to atrocity. And sometimes to survival.;Tommy Lee Jones;faith
I realized that my truest passion was for helping people change through faith in a higher power. That meant, for me, belonging to the church. Using my abilities to bring Christian doctrine to a postmodern world.;James McGreevey;faith
First, I prepare. Then I have faith.;Joe Namath;faith
I'd be lying if I said I had confidence in every choice I've made, that I have faith in every film I do on every shot.;Ethan Hawke;faith
I'm a private guy, and you don't want to be out there preaching to people. But faith leads you in the decisions you make. You don't always pick the right path, but it's there in your conscience.;Tim McGraw;faith
A large psychic void is left by a loss of faith. So many Catholics have tried so many things to replace it.;Phil Donahue;faith
President Obama and his radical feminist enforcers have had it in for Catholic medical providers from the get-go. It's about time all people of faith fought back against this unprecedented encroachment on religious liberty. First, they came for the Catholics. Who's next?;Michelle Malkin;faith
I had faith in the concept and the theory that all Americans are endowed with the right to a fair trial and I would be fairly judged and fairly tried.;Wesley Snipes;faith
The past is a source of knowledge, and the future is a source of hope. Love of the past implies faith in the future.;Stephen Ambrose;faith
Courage is sometimes frail as hope is frail: a fragile shoot between two stones that grows brave toward the sun though warmth and brightness fail, striving and faith the only strength it knows.;Frances Rodman;faith
Faith, culture, structure and guidance are good things.;Bethenny Frankel;faith
I have never lost my faith in God.;Maureen O'Hara;faith
I think the Moslem faith teaches hate.;Jerry Falwell;faith
The public has lost faith in the ability of Social Security and Medicare to provide for old age. They've lost faith in the banking system and in conventional medical insurance.;Ron Chernow;faith
The Great Inflation of the 1970s destroyed faith in paper assets, because if you held a bond, suddenly the bond was worth much less money than it was before.;Ron Chernow;faith
In a democracy, dissent is an act of faith.;J. William Fulbright;faith
I just have faith. It's just there. It's not any big deal.;Ernie Harwell;faith
I have a great faith in God and Jesus.;Ernie Harwell;faith
I have great faith that Heaven's there and I'll see my brothers and my mom and dad when I get there.;Ernie Harwell;faith
Let it ever be remembered that genuine faith in Christ will ever be productive of good works for this faith worketh by love, as the apostle says, and love to God always produces obedience to his holy laws.;Adam Clarke;faith
I don't have too much faith in destiny, or an afterlife. This is it.;Robin Gibb;faith
Stand straight, walk proud, have a little faith.;Garth Brooks;faith
Is a faith without action a sincere faith?;Jean Racine;faith
Having a clear faith, based on the creed of the church is often labeled today as fundamentalism. Whereas relativism, which is letting oneself be tossed and swept along by every wind of teaching, look like the only attitude acceptable to today's standards.;Joseph Ratzinger;faith
The conversion of agnostic High Tories to the Anglican church is always rather suspect. It seems too pat and predictable, too clearly a matter of politics rather than faith.;Terry Eagleton;faith
Dawkins considers that all faith is blind faith, and that Christian and Muslim children are brought up to believe unquestioningly. Not even the dim-witted clerics who knocked me about at grammar school thought that.;Terry Eagleton;faith
My faith inspires me so much. It is the very reason that I run. I feel that my running is completely a gift from God and it is my responsibility to use it to glorify him.;Allyson Felix;faith
My faith doesn't go over real well in Hollywood.;Jim Caviezel;faith
Once you're successful with a certain kind of music, it's hard not to have faith in it as a means to stay successful.;Roberta Flack;faith
I have great faith in the intelligence of the American viewer and reader to put two and two together and come up with four.;Jim Lehrer;faith
Faith gives you an inner strength and a sense of balance and perspective in life.;Gregory Peck;faith
Our faith is stronger than death, our philosophy is firmer than flesh, and the spread of the Kingdom of God upon the earth is more sublime and more compelling.;Dorothy Day;faith
The only thing that stands between a man and what he wants from life is often merely the will to try it and the faith to believe that it is possible.;David Viscott;faith
Oklahomans value our children and our seniors. Oklahomans value traditions of faith. Oklahomans value our heroes, our veterans. Oklahomans value innovation and the creative arts.;Brad Henry;faith
A quest for knowledge is not a war with faith spirituality is not usually an infelicitous amalgam of superstition and philistinism and moral relativism, taken outside midfield, leads inexorably both to heresy and to secular wickedness, which are often identical.;Conrad Black;faith
The balance between faith and reason is for the determination of each individual, and of the people as a whole, not of unauthorized government officials uttering impious humbug as they arbitrarily try to define that balance.;Conrad Black;faith
Science has sometimes been said to be opposed to faith, and inconsistent with it. But all science, in fact, rests on a basis of faith, for it assumes the permanence and uniformity of natural laws - a thing which can never be demonstrated.;Tryon Edwards;faith
You know, this is a war of ideology, a war of thoughts and of faith. And we need people to really stand for faith and trust, not hope and change.;Sharron Angle;faith
Risk means everything from being honest about your faith, to moving, to quitting a job that's paying you a fortune but it's not what's in your heart. Risking things is one of the biggest fears we have.;John Tesh;faith
I'm just glad that my community has faith and confidence in me.;Charles Rangel;faith
The enemies of the Christian religion and the Law of God confuse law with faith.;Randall Terry;faith
Faith is a kind of winged intellect. The great workmen of history have been men who believed like giants.;Charles Henry Parkhurst;faith
I do believe that belief is the most powerful thing we have in this world. So, if we believe in something enough. And we have faith, we can make it a reality. That is basically the basis of my entire career and my entire life.;Corey Feldman;faith
I have come to the conclusion that while a candidate's faith matters, what's most important is how he or she applies that faith.;Gary Bauer;faith
The question Americans should ask is not whether a candidate is affiliated with a particular faith but rather whether that candidate's faith makes it more likely he or she will support policies that align with their values.;Gary Bauer;faith
It's important to ask candidates about their beliefs, in part because politicians frequently exploit religious faith - often with the idea that voters will be more likely to unthinkingly accept certain political positions so long as they arise from religious belief.;Gary Bauer;faith
For the record, I believe elected officials should talk about faith. Our founders believed the moral principles of faith were indispensable to our nation's survival. The Declaration of Independence mentions God four times.;Gary Bauer;faith
Republican values - strong families, faith, personal responsibility and freedom, among others - are not unique to specific subsets of the electorate. They are universal values, and it is Republicans' job to remind Americans of that fact.;Gary Bauer;faith
All are free to believe or not believe all are free to practice a faith or not. But those who believe must be free to speak of and act on their belief.;Jeff Miller;faith
Are you gonna fuel your faith or fuel your fear? I'm all about fueling my faith, especially when it's hard to do so.;Carrie-Anne Moss;faith
I am prejudiced in favor of him who, without impudence, can ask boldly. He has faith in humanity, and faith in himself. No one who is not accustomed to giving grandly can ask nobly and with boldness.;Johann Kaspar Lavater;faith
Catholicism played such a huge part in my life, I would not have survived without my faith.;Samantha Morton;faith
Was the real Jesus of history one and the same as the Christ of faith whom we read about in the New Testament and worship in the church? Was Jesus really raised from the dead? Is he really the divine Lord of lords?;John Clayton;faith
The substance of faith is a hope in the unseen.;Ron Suskind;faith
I think that my preaching style and many of my ideas and ideals about faith are based in both Pentecostal and Baptist background.;T. D. Jakes;faith
The unutterable violence of the Holocaust shook our confidence in the possibility of telling any story of faith at all.;Timothy Radcliffe;faith
Tyler Perry's brand is faith, family and this whole thing that I've built, while my company, 34th Street Films, is like Disney's Touchstone. We can do anything. People don't know what to expect from me yet.;Tyler Perry;faith
Our religion does not discriminate according to color, sex or anything else. What counts is piety and faith.;King Hussein I;faith
