Most of us women like men, you know it's just that we find them a constant disappointment.;Clare Short;men
Men think highly of those who rise rapidly in the world whereas nothing rises quicker than dust, straw, and feathers.;Lord Byron;men
A great city is that which has the greatest men and women.;Walt Whitman;men
If women are supposed to be less rational and more emotional at the beginning of our menstrual cycle when the female hormone is at its lowest level, then why isn't it logical to say that, in those few days, women behave the most like the way men behave all month long?;Gloria Steinem;men
Space and light and order. Those are the things that men need just as much as they need bread or a place to sleep.;Le Corbusier;men
Men seldom, or rather never for a length of time and deliberately, rebel against anything that does not deserve rebelling against.;Thomas Carlyle;men
It was the men I deceived the most that I loved the most.;Marguerite Duras;men
If you do not wish a man to do a thing, you had better get him to talk about it for the more men talk, the more likely they are to do nothing else.;Thomas Carlyle;men
The new pope knows that his task is to make the light of Christ shine before men and women of world - not his own light, but that of Christ.;Pope Benedict XVI;men
I heard the old, old, men say 'all that's beautiful drifts away, like the waters.';William Butler Yeats;men
A little group of willful men, representing no opinion but their own, have rendered the great government of the United States helpless and contemptible.;Woodrow Wilson;men
The real use of gunpowder is to make all men tall.;Thomas Carlyle;men
These people are very unskilled in arms... with 50 men they could all be subjected and made to do all that one wished.;Christopher Columbus;men
It were a real increase of human happiness, could all young men from the age of nineteen be covered under barrels, or rendered otherwise invisible and there left to follow their lawful studies and callings, till they emerged, sadder and wiser, at the age of twenty-five.;Thomas Carlyle;men
A lawyer with his briefcase can steal more than a hundred men with guns.;Mario Puzo;men
If you have men who will only come if they know there is a good road, I don't want them. I want men who will come if there is no road at all.;David Livingstone;men
Landlords, like all other men, love to reap where they never sowed.;Karl Marx;men
I mean, honestly, we have to be clear that the life for many Afghan women is not that much different than it was a hundred years ago, 200 years ago. The country has lived with so much violence and conflict that many people, men and women, just want it to be over.;Hillary Clinton;men
Memorial Day this year is especially important as we are reminded almost daily of the great sacrifices that the men and women of the Armed Services make to defend our way of life.;Robin Hayes;men
I'm not denyin' the women are foolish. God Almighty made 'em to match the men.;George Eliot;men
The breakdown of the black community, in order to maintain slavery, began with the breakdown of the black family. Men and women were not legally allowed to get married because you couldn't have that kind of love. It might get in the way of the economics of slavery. Your children could be taken from you and literally sold down the river.;Kerry Washington;men
Do not put such unlimited power into the hands of husbands. Remember all men would be tyrants if they could.;Abigail Adams;men
Dawn: When men of reason go to bed.;Ambrose Bierce;men
Men are strong so long as they represent a strong idea they become powerless when they oppose it.;Sigmund Freud;men
All men are not created equal but should be treated as though they were under the law.;Andy Rooney;men
Happy is he who still loves something he loved in the nursery: He has not been broken in two by time he is not two men, but one, and he has saved not only his soul but his life.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;men
Aristotle could have avoided the mistake of thinking that women have fewer teeth than men, by the simple device of asking Mrs. Aristotle to keep her mouth open while he counted.;Bertrand Russell;men
The history of free men is never really written by chance but by choice their choice!;Dwight D. Eisenhower;men
Sometimes the first duty of intelligent men is the restatement of the obvious.;George Orwell;men
Men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage - they've experienced pain and bought jewelry.;Rita Rudner;men
It's absolutely stupid that we live without an ozone layer. We have men, we've got rockets, we've got saran wrap - fix it!;Lewis Black;men
Men do less than they ought, unless they do all that they can.;Thomas Carlyle;men
The latest research has revealed that women have a higher IQ than men.;A. N. Wilson;men
There is a great discovery still to be made in literature, that of paying literary men by the quantity they do not write.;Thomas Carlyle;men
To reform a world, to reform a nation, no wise man will undertake and all but foolish men know, that the only solid, though a far slower reformation, is what each begins and perfects on himself.;Thomas Carlyle;men
No sadder proof can be given by a man of his own littleness than disbelief in great men.;Thomas Carlyle;men
As long as men are free to ask what they must, free to say what they think, free to think what they will, freedom can never be lost and science can never regress.;Marcel Proust;men
My weaknesses have always been food and men - in that order.;Dolly Parton;men
It is from a weakness and smallness of mind that men are opinionated and we are very loath to believe what we are not able to comprehend.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;men
All sorts of computer errors are now turning up. You'd be surprised to know the number of doctors who claim they are treating pregnant men.;Isaac Asimov;men
Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away.;Sophocles;men
If all men knew what others say of them, there would not be four friends in the world.;Blaise Pascal;men
As men are not able to fight against death, misery, ignorance, they have taken it into their heads, in order to be happy, not to think of them at all.;Blaise Pascal;men
The most dangerous criminal now is the entirely lawless modern philosopher. Compared to him, burglars and bigamists are essentially moral men.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;men
All men and women have an equal need for love. When these needs are not fulfilled it is easy to have our feelings hurt, for which we blame our partner.;John Gray;men
I do not consider it an insult, but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic. I do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure - that is all that agnosticism means.;Clarence Darrow;men
I like being a woman, even in a man's world. After all, men can't wear dresses, but we can wear the pants.;Whitney Houston;men
When women hold off from marrying men, we call it independence. When men hold off from marrying women, we call it fear of commitment.;Warren Farrell;men
The sensitivity of men to small matters, and their indifference to great ones, indicates a strange inversion.;Blaise Pascal;men
Brave men are all vertebrates they have their softness on the surface and their toughness in the middle.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;men
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;men
It is only when men begin to worship that they begin to grow.;Calvin Coolidge;men
With reasonable men, I will reason with humane men I will plead but to tyrants I will give no quarter, nor waste arguments where they will certainly be lost.;William Lloyd Garrison;men
Women want mediocre men, and men are working to be as mediocre as possible.;Margaret Mead;men
Men are governed by lines of intellect - women: by curves of emotion.;James Joyce;men
The highest prize in a world of men is the most beautiful woman available on your arm and living there in her heart loyal to you.;Norman Mailer;men
What a curious phenomenon it is that you can get men to die for the liberty of the world who will not make the little sacrifice that is needed to free themselves from their own individual bondage.;Bruce Barton;men
Men become civilized, not in proportion to their willingness to believe, but in proportion to their readiness to doubt.;Ambrose Bierce;men
Men feel that cruelty to the poor is a kind of cruelty to animals. They never feel that it is an injustice to equals nay it is treachery to comrades.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;men
Fable is more historical than fact, because fact tells us about one man and fable tells us about a million men.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;men
All men commend patience, although few are willing to practice it.;Thomas a Kempis;men
Republicans are men of narrow vision, who are afraid of the future.;Jimmy Carter;men
Death, so called, is a thing which makes men weep, And yet a third of life is passed in sleep.;Lord Byron;men
Because wherever I am today, I still owe it to God and I owe it to two men - the Honorable Elijah Muhammad and Malcolm X and of course, two very special women, my mother and my wife.;Louis Farrakhan;men
A great many men's gratitude is nothing but a secret desire to hook in more valuable kindnesses hereafter.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;men
What is grand is necessarily obscure to weak men. That which can be made explicit to the idiot is not worth my care.;William Blake;men
When I look upon seamen, men of science and philosophers, man is the wisest of all beings when I look upon priests and prophets nothing is as contemptible as man.;Diogenes;men
The planter, the farmer, the mechanic, and the laborer... form the great body of the people of the United States, they are the bone and sinew of the country men who love liberty and desire nothing but equal rights and equal laws.;Andrew Jackson;men
Men often pass from love to ambition, but they seldom come back again from ambition to love.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;men
History has taught us over and over again that freedom is not free. When push comes to shove, the ultimate protectors of freedom and liberty are the brave men and women in our armed forces. Throughout our history, they've answered the call in bravery and sacrifice.;Tim Pawlenty;men
As soon as men decide that all means are permitted to fight an evil, then their good becomes indistinguishable from the evil that they set out to destroy.;Christopher Dawson;men
It might be pardonable to refuse to defend some men, but to defend them negligently is nothing short of criminal.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;men
When I was a boy, the Sioux owned the world. The sun rose and set on their land they sent ten thousand men to battle. Where are the warriors today? Who slew them? Where are our lands? Who owns them?;Sitting Bull;men
Men would live exceedingly quiet if these two words, mine and thine, were taken away.;Anaxagoras;men
Grown men can learn from very little children for the hearts of little children are pure. Therefore, the Great Spirit may show to them many things which older people miss.;Black Elk;men
Two things control men's nature, instinct and experience.;Blaise Pascal;men
Older men declare war. But it is the youth that must fight and die.;Herbert Hoover;men
Great things are done when men and mountains meet.;William Blake;men
Men are not great or small because of their material possessions. They are great or small because of what they are.;James Cash Penney;men
It is easier to lead men to combat, stirring up their passion, than to restrain them and direct them toward the patient labors of peace.;Andre Gide;men
Men despise religion. They hate it and are afraid it may be true.;Blaise Pascal;men
Decisiveness is a characteristic of high-performing men and women. Almost any decision is better than no decision at all.;Brian Tracy;men
There is no better proof of a man's being truly good than his desiring to be constantly under the observation of good men.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;men
A family is a unit composed not only of children but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold.;Ogden Nash;men
It is not in the nature of politics that the best men should be elected. The best men do not want to govern their fellowmen.;George MacDonald;men
All soldiers who serve their country and put their lives at risk need to know that if something happens to them, their families will be well taken care of. That's the bond we have with our military men and women and their families.;Jeff Sessions;men
We need men with moral courage to speak and write their real thoughts, and to stand by their convictions, even to the very death.;Robert Green Ingersoll;men
Live as brave men and if fortune is adverse, front its blows with brave hearts.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;men
I get along with guys most of my friends are guys. It's easier to trust men sometimes. I only have a few close girlfriends that I trust.;Paris Hilton;men
I was surrounded by strong women so it had never even occurred to me that women were anything other than equal to men.;David Bailey;men
A good boss makes his men realize they have more ability than they think they have so that they consistently do better work than they thought they could.;Charles Erwin Wilson;men
Although I do wrong, I do not the wrongs that I am charged with doing the wrong that I do is through the frailty of human nature, like other men. No man lives without fault.;Joseph Smith, Jr.;men
The happiness and misery of men depend no less on temper than fortune.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;men
I'm done with men... I'm going to be alone. I have no luck with relationships. I don't think I'm made for marriage.;Halle Berry;men
Most people know no other way of judging men's worth but by the vogue they are in, or the fortunes they have met with.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;men
A silent man is easily reputed wise. A man who suffers none to see him in the common jostle and undress of life, easily gathers round him a mysterious veil of unknown sanctity, and men honor him for a saint. The unknown is always wonderful.;Frederick William Robertson;men
Violence and arms can never resolve the problems of men.;Pope John Paul II;men
Men always talk about the most important things to perfect strangers. In the perfect stranger we perceive man himself the image of a God is not disguised by resemblances to an uncle or doubts of wisdom of a mustache.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;men
It is difficult for a woman to define her feelings in language which is chiefly made by men to express theirs.;Thomas Hardy;men
