It would be my guess that Madonna is not a very happy woman. From my own experience, having gone through persona changes like that, that kind of clawing need to be the center of attention is not a pleasant place to be.;David Bowie;experience
The great living experience for every man is his adventure into the woman. The man embraces in the woman all that is not himself, and from that one resultant, from that embrace, comes every new action.;David Herbert Lawrence;experience
High school is such a shared experience in North American culture.;Doug Coupland;experience
Imagine a judicial nominee said 'my experience as a white man makes me better than a Latina woman.' Wouldn't they have to withdraw? New racism is no better than old racism.;Newt Gingrich;experience
The experience of life consists of the experience which the spirit has of itself in matter and as matter, in mind and as mind, in emotion, as emotion, etc.;Franz Kafka;experience
But it's a journey and the sad thing is you only learn from experience, so as much as someone can tell you things, you have to go out there and make your own mistakes in order to learn.;Emma Watson;experience
Of two pleasures, if there be one which all or almost all who have experience of both give a decided preference, irrespective of any feeling of moral obligation to prefer it, that is the more desirable pleasure.;John Stuart Mill;experience
My friends, whoever has had experience of evils knows how whenever a flood of ills comes upon mortals, a man fears everything but whenever a divine force cheers on our voyage, then we believe that the same fate will always blow fair.;Aeschylus;experience
I think I'm basically the same guy I always was. Maybe I've learned, through experience, to rein in some of the anger and temper they say redheads normally have.;Willie Nelson;experience
Such happiness as life is capable of comes from the full participation of all our powers in the endeavor to wrest from each changing situations of experience its own full and unique meaning.;John Dewey;experience
War is delightful to those who have had no experience of it.;Desiderius Erasmus;experience
I never intended for the Monster Ball to be a religious experience, it just became one.;Lady Gaga;experience
I'm not one aspect of the human experience - none of us is.;Jennifer Aniston;experience
Common sense is the measure of the possible it is composed of experience and prevision it is calculation applied to life.;Henri Frederic Amiel;experience
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience.;Miguel de Cervantes;experience
Experience teaches us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the government's purposes are beneficent.;Louis D. Brandeis;experience
The wisdom of the wise and the experience of the ages is preserved into perpetuity by a nation's proverbs, fables, folk sayings and quotations.;William Feather;experience
Talking with you is sort of the conversational equivalent of an out of body experience.;Bill Watterson;experience
If you do build a great experience, customers tell each other about that. Word of mouth is very powerful.;Jeff Bezos;experience
If I could sell 500 million records every time, it would be great. But I've also had the luxury experience of having it when I was a teenager, in a very kind of model version of it.;Alanis Morissette;experience
A little reflection will show us that every belief, even the simplest and most fundamental, goes beyond experience when regarded as a guide to our actions.;William Kingdon Clifford;experience
This has been a learning experience for me. I also thought that privacy was something we were granted in the Constitution. I have learned from this when in fact the word privacy does not appear in the Constitution.;Bill Maher;experience
I sought my father in the world of the black musician, because it contained wisdom, experience, sadness and loneliness. I was not ever interested in the music of boys. From my youngest years, I was interested in the music of men.;Eric Clapton;experience
The trouble with learning from experience is that you never graduate.;Doug Larson;experience
The experience of democracy is like the experience of life itself-always changing, infinite in its variety, sometimes turbulent and all the more valuable for having been tested by adversity.;Jimmy Carter;experience
I got to experience soccer at the highest level at a young age I decided I wanted to be part of that for as long as possible.;Mia Hamm;experience
There is science, logic, reason there is thought verified by experience. And then there is California.;Edward Abbey;experience
The key to education is the experience of beauty.;Friedrich Schiller;experience
The greatest gift is a passion for reading. It is cheap, it consoles, it distracts, it excites, it gives you knowledge of the world and experience of a wide kind. It is a moral illumination.;Elizabeth Hardwick;experience
Experience is like a comb that life gives you when you are bald.;Navjot Singh Sidhu;experience
Sure, I suffered a lot. But it's not like the end of the world and it's not who I am. I lead quite a pleasant life and I'm able to divorce a perceived reality from my actual experience of life.;Ben Affleck;experience
I've never felt like I was in the cookie business. I've always been in a feel good feeling business. My job is to sell joy. My job is to sell happiness. My job is to sell an experience.;Debbi Fields;experience
Not to transmit an experience is to betray it.;Elie Wiesel;experience
Normally, I love to go to the movies and when I see a character portrayed by different actors at different ages, it kind of pops a little bit for me. It brings me out of the movie experience. Now we have the technology to cure that.;Jeff Bridges;experience
I just hope that theaters remain. I think there's something very wonderful about getting into a dark room with a bunch of people. There's something cool about that. Brings us all together in one room where we can experience all those emotions.;Jeff Bridges;experience
Piano playing is a dying art. I love the fact that I can be one guy with one instrument evoking an emotional and musical experience.;Jon Bon Jovi;experience
Life is the only real counselor wisdom unfiltered through personal experience does not become a part of the moral tissue.;Edith Wharton;experience
We went with the St. Lawrence Experience, which is run by Joe Babbitt, who is a close friend now. We went out there for 10 days and we had the best week of our lives, and we've been going back since. We've been back three times now.;Tom Felton;experience
Working with big actors and realising that they were just normal people who've got an incredible talent was just a great experience.;Tom Felton;experience
Creativity comes from looking for the unexpected and stepping outside your own experience.;Masaru Ibuka;experience
It has been my experience that if we make the effort to listen to people when we meet them, and work to get to know them a little, it is then easy to find something likeable in practically anyone.;Bryant H. McGill;experience
The great book for you is the book that has the most to say to you at the moment when you are reading. I do not mean the book that is most instructive, but the book that feeds your spirit. And that depends on your age, your experience, your psychological and spiritual need.;Robertson Davies;experience
We are different, in essence, from other men. If you want to win something, run 100 meters. If you want to experience something, run a marathon.;Emil Zatopek;experience
Parents of recovered children, and I've met hundreds, all share the same experience of doubters and deniers telling us our child must have never even had autism or that the recovery was simply nature's course. We all know better, and frankly we're too busy helping other parents to really care.;Jenny McCarthy;experience
Literature transmits incontrovertible condensed experience... from generation to generation. In this way literature becomes the living memory of a nation.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;experience
I don't care how smart a kid you are. The only way you learn what's not right is from experience.;Cameron Diaz;experience
I find, by experience, that the mind and the body are more than married, for they are most intimately united and when one suffers, the other sympathizes.;Lord Chesterfield;experience
Motherhood has completely changed me. It's just about like the most completely humbling experience that I've ever had. I think that it puts you in your place because it really forces you to address the issues that you claim to believe in and if you can't stand up to those principles when you're raising a child, forget it.;Diane Keaton;experience
There should be a sympathy with freedom, a desire to give it scope, founded not upon visionary ideas, but upon the long experience of many generations within the shores of this happy isle, that in freedom you lay the firmest foundations both of loyalty and order.;William E. Gladstone;experience
Poets are the only people to whom love is not only a crucial, but an indispensable experience, which entitles them to mistake it for a universal one.;Hannah Arendt;experience
In George Bush you get experience, and with me you get - The Future!;Dan Quayle;experience
In those days a concert was a personal experience. I wanted to be as close as possible to the audience, and of course big stadiums didn't enable you to do that. It wasn't my style.;Cat Stevens;experience
Any film, or to me any creative endeavour, no matter who you're working with, is, in many cases, a wonderful experience.;Martin Scorsese;experience
Very often I've known people who wouldn't say a word to each other, but they'd go to see movies together and experience life that way.;Martin Scorsese;experience
Working with HBO was an opportunity to experience creative freedom and 'long-form development' that filmmakers didn't have a chance to do before the emergence of shows like 'The Sopranos.';Martin Scorsese;experience
Women love working together. That's my experience anyway.;Shirley MacLaine;experience
The amount of meetings I've been in - people would be shocked. But that's how you gain experience, how you can gain knowledge, being in meetings and participating. You learn and grow.;Tiger Woods;experience
Surfing soothes me, it's always been a kind of Zen experience for me. The ocean is so magnificent, peaceful, and awesome. The rest of the world disappears for me when I'm on a wave.;Paul Walker;experience
We are increasingly likely to find ourselves in places with background music. No composers have thought to write for these modern spaces, which represent 30% of our musical experience.;Brian Eno;experience
Sometimes you recognize that there is a category of human experience that has not been identified but everyone knows about it. That is when I find a term to describe it.;Brian Eno;experience
But inner experience is only one source of human knowledge.;Muhammad Iqbal;experience
Our wisdom comes from our experience, and our experience comes from our foolishness.;Sacha Guitry;experience
We can not continue to allow this over reliance on government to replace the cornerstone institution that has made the American experience possible.;Marco Rubio;experience
There are pros and cons of experience. A con is that you can't look at the business with a fresh pair of eyes and as objectively as if you were a new CEO. Fire yourself on a Friday night and come in on Monday morning as if a search firm put you there as a turn-around leader. Can you be objective and make the bold change?;Andrea Jung;experience
It is very easy to make clear what you want a film to say, but I did not wish to engage in overt propaganda, even for the right cause. I wanted to create an experience through the films, something where people could have the freedom of their own response to them.;Godfrey Reggio;experience
I would love to work in America. I wouldn't love to live there, but I'd love to experience working there.;Daniel Radcliffe;experience
I had one relative who passed away but fortunately none others. So my sort of experience of it is quite limited, thankfully.;Daniel Radcliffe;experience
I have such happy memories of performing in a choir and I don't think I'd have got where I am today without all that experience. So my advice to young singers is to either join your school or church's choir or find one in your local area. Choral music at any level teaches you so much about musicianship and blending your voice.;Katherine Jenkins;experience
As the leader of twelve apostles, even Jesus had more executive experience than Obama.;Ann Coulter;experience
Values are principles and ideas that bring meaning to the seemingly mundane experience of life. A meaningful life that ultimately brings happiness and pride requires you to respond to temptations as well as challenges with honor, dignity, and courage.;Laura Schlessinger;experience
If we didn't want to upset anyone, we would make films about sewing, but even that could be dangerous. But I think finally, in a film, it is how the balance is and the feelings are. But I think there has to be those contrasts and strong things within a film for the total experience.;David Lynch;experience
All I know is that history repeats itself and people are going to want to experience the world. But I know then they are going to have a better appreciation for what is here in Maine.;John Baldacci;experience
The simple act of saying 'thank you' is a demonstration of gratitude in response to an experience that was meaningful to a customer or citizen.;Simon Mainwaring;experience
I was so emotional. Choked up. I could hardly talk all day. I'll be cleaning out my trailer and saying goodbye soon, realizing what a wonderful experience this has been.;Dennis Franz;experience
Experience has taught me how important it is to just keep going, focusing on running fast and relaxed. Eventually it passes and the flow returns. It's part of racing.;Frank Shorter;experience
People of art should never get married and have children, because it's a selfish experience.;Mikhail Baryshnikov;experience
If you will call your troubles experiences, and remember that every experience develops some latent force within you, you will grow vigorous and happy, however adverse your circumstances may seem to be.;John Heywood;experience
You are about to have your first experience with a Greek lunch. I will kill you if you pretend to like it.;Jackie Kennedy;experience
Before people complain of the obscurity of modern poetry, they should first examine their consciences and ask themselves with how many people and on how many occasions they have genuinely and profoundly shared some experience with another.;W. H. Auden;experience
The character and history of each child may be a new and poetic experience to the parent, if he will let it.;Margaret Fuller;experience
I grew up like a neglected weed - ignorant of liberty, having no experience of it.;Harriet Tubman;experience
I would wish for any one of my colleagues to have the experience of working with Martin Scorsese once in their lifetime.;Daniel Day-Lewis;experience
It's my experience that you really can't lose when you try the truth.;Sharon Stone;experience
How do people relate to movies now, when they're on portable devices or streaming them? It's not as much about going to the movies. That experience has changed.;Keanu Reeves;experience
I had no expectations about fatherhood, really, but it's definitely a journey I'm glad to be taking. Number one, it's a great learning experience. When my mother told me it's a 24/7 job, she wasn't kidding.;Christopher Meloni;experience
Going to a party, for me, is as much a learning experience as, you know, sitting in a lecture.;Natalie Portman;experience
In our society, daily experience teaches the individual to want and need a never-ending supply of new toys and drugs.;Christopher Lasch;experience
A moment's insight is sometimes worth a life's experience.;Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.;experience
If someone is making a judgment when they don't have firsthand experience, it's intolerant. How can you make a judgment on something you don't know about?;Beck;experience
What is sure is that technological change is accelerating in all directions and, like children playing in a fountain, consumers are reveling in the experience.;Simon Mainwaring;experience
Corporate America cannot afford to remain silent or passive about the downward spiral we are undergoing. It cannot turn a blind eye to how difficult the experience of life is for so many of their customers.;Simon Mainwaring;experience
Ultimately, it's possible that social media platforms will be designed as templates that the users themselves customize in terms of the best way to express their community and experience of life, and brands will have to simply follow suit.;Simon Mainwaring;experience
How much do you as a consumer value a positive experience with a brand or its customer service department? How willing are you to share that with your friends? How inclined are you to let that person know that you're interaction with them was positive?;Simon Mainwaring;experience
Never, for the sake of peace and quiet, deny your own experience or convictions.;Dag Hammarskjold;experience
I've learned through experience that life is never that bad. The secret is just paying attention to how you feel and not letting anyone else dictate what in your heart you know is right.;Dana Plato;experience
Ends and purposes, whether they exist as conscious or subconscious tendencies, form the wrap and woof of our conscious experience.;Muhammad Iqbal;experience
The immediacy of mystic experience simply means that we know God just as we know other objects. God is not a mathematical entity or a system of concepts mutually related to one another and having no reference to experience.;Muhammad Iqbal;experience
I go by instinct - I don't worry about experience.;Barbra Streisand;experience
In my experience lust only ever leads to misery. All that suspicion and jealousy and anguish it unleashes. I don't want those things in my life.;Chrissie Hynde;experience
