I came all this way for a reason. Today is the day of salvation. Trust Jesus to save you. Then be sincere as God knows a pretender.;Kirk Cameron;trust
I guess as long as people think of me for different ages, I'll trust their opinion. I remember noticing one year that Michelle Monaghan played 34 and 19, so I've kind of clung to that as my justification that I can be Jake Gyllenhaal's wife and a freshman in college in the same year.;Anna Kendrick;trust
As an alcoholic, you have no appreciation for your wife or your children's feelings, but I'm making up for that now. I'm winning my children's trust back.;Maurice Gibb;trust
Don't trust the heart, it wants your blood.;Stanislaw Lec;trust
I love actors, both my parents were actors, and the work with actors is the most enjoyable part of making a film. It's important that they feel protected and are confident they won't be betrayed. When you create that atmosphere of trust, it's in the bag - the actors will do everything to satisfy you.;Michael Haneke;trust
Not everyone is lucky enough to be given space and trust.;Vanessa Paradis;trust
The greatest way for people to experience a comedy is to go in not knowing anything about it. But because of marketing, it's impossible. Marketing meaning that in order to get people to come you can't just go, 'Hey, there's a great movie - we're not going to show you anything from it but trust us!';Paul Feig;trust
Because I'm always away, coming home to a clean house means a lot to me. Trust me, I've lived with a lot of roommates, and straight guys are just kids who don't pick up after themselves.;Kellan Lutz;trust
Find people who think like you and stick with them. Make only music you are passionate about. Work only with people you like and trust. Don't sign anything.;Steve Albini;trust
Love and trust and justice, concern for the poor, that's being pushed to the margins, and you can see it.;Cornel West;trust
It's just an unhealthy way to approach something, trying to outdo your last thing. You've gotta trust evolution, you've gotta trust that the bar is moving, that you don't need to force the bar. It'll just happen.;Johnny Knoxville;trust
Put more trust in nobility of character than in an oath.;Solon;trust
This book is about physics and its about physics and its relationship with mathematics and how they seem to be intimately related and to what extent can you explore this relationship and trust it.;Roger Penrose;trust
I have such trust complexes. I'm close to, like, two people.;Taylor Momsen;trust
You desire that which exceeds my humble powers, but I trust in the compassion and mercy of the All-powerful God.;Saint Stephen;trust
I feel I do my best work when it's all there on the page, and I feel that the character is very vivid as I read the script and I'm not having to create stuff and trying to cobble together something. If I have to do that, then I don't entirely trust what I'm doing.;Guy Pearce;trust
I tend not to trust people who live in very tidy houses. I know that on the surface there is nothing wrong with a person being well-ordered and disciplined. Nothing, except that it leaves the impression of that person having lived in the confines of a stark institution which, although he or she has long since left, remains within.;Jack Dee;trust
There's a beauty in being part of a band, when there's equality and trust.;Scott Weiland;trust
I understand the damage the expenses crisis has done to Parliament, and the paramount importance of restoring trust in our politics.;George Osborne;trust
No matter how old we become, we can still call them 'Holy Mother' and 'Father' and put a child-like trust in them.;Desmond Morris;trust
You just kind of have faith. If that sounds kind of mystical, it's because I really don't know how it works, but I trust that it does. I try to write the way I read, in order to find out what happens next.;Richard Russo;trust
For me it's always about first impressions. I trust my instincts. I love to prepare if it's something that requires training. But I don't like to prepare the psychology too much. I enjoy the psychology of the character but I work better from a first impression.;Billy Zane;trust
I was in television drama, which is a first cousin to the movies, and I trust myself to make the right decisions.;Lee Child;trust
God does not require you to follow His leadings on blind trust. Behold the evidence of an invisible intelligence pervading everything, even your own mind and body.;Raymond Holliwell;trust
If the players don't trust the coach, it is a problem, and vice versa.;Bill Parcells;trust
Being a teen can be tough. Just try to surround yourself with really good friends that really have your back, and also be a really good friend to those who really care about you. If you're not sure about certain things, talk to your friends that you trust and your family.;Victoria Justice;trust
My dad was a ham, too. He could sell those women anything. Of all his sons, I was the only one he could trust to sell as well as he could. I was proud of that.;Paul Lynde;trust
Do not trust people. They are capable of greatness.;Stanislaw Lem;trust
We've not had one Republican president in 34 years balance the budget. You can't trust right-wing Republicans with your money. You ought to hire somebody who has balanced a budget. I'm much more conservative with money than George Bush is.;Howard Dean;trust
Not one Republican president has balanced the budget in 34 years. You can not trust Republicans with your money.;Howard Dean;trust
Don't trust anyone who has been in school for the past 24 consecutive years.;Craig Bruce;trust
And basically, the sense of the 'Pledge to America' is this: Republicans understand when we were in charge, we got fired in '06. We spent too much money. We defied the trust that the people had put in us. And we know that there is a better way.;Eric Cantor;trust
Some of their best songs don't have bridges and choruses. So that made me think I should trust my instincts. My songs were okay, I figured. I didn't need to change anything.;Lucinda Williams;trust
People are rapidly losing hope and trust. They believe their government has been captured by special interests and no longer cares about them, and they are right.;Marcy Kaptur;trust
Every president has to live with the result of what Lyndon Johnson did with Vietnam, when he lost the trust of the American people in the presidency.;Robert Caro;trust
There used to be this feeling under Eisenhower and Kennedy and Roosevelt and Truman that government was a solution. Trust in the presidency fell precipitously under Johnson - real lows. And it's never come back. It's a trend that, if you're liberal, is really discouraging.;Robert Caro;trust
I learned something from that. If someone asks me something that I really don't want to do, I say no. I have to trust that. And I'm not afraid to talk money.;Diana Ross;trust
Trust me, if I were gay I'd be getting more action than I'm getting now.;Ryan Seacrest;trust
If we want to truly regain the public's trust, we can provide greater accountability and transparency with a simple step. Let's start by communicating to our constituents about the votes we take.;Melissa Bean;trust
You know, this is a war of ideology, a war of thoughts and of faith. And we need people to really stand for faith and trust, not hope and change.;Sharron Angle;trust
More and more political analysts and weak-kneed politicians are advising the historically pro-life Republican Party to abandon its pro-life stance for political gain. My first response is that if you cannot trust a party on the value of defending human life, how can you trust it on issues like marginal tax rates?;Gary Bauer;trust
As time goes by, I realize that I do trust the wind. And I often write my songs for myself.;David Friedman;trust
You can't trust code that you did not totally create yourself.;Ken Thompson;trust
Trust him not with your secrets, who, when left alone in your room, turns over your papers.;Johann Kaspar Lavater;trust
Some directors cast you because they trust you to do the performance - but then they forget to direct you.;Samantha Morton;trust
One is that you have to take time, lots of time, to let an idea grow from within. The second is that when you sign on to something, there will be issues of trust, deep trust, the way the members of a string quartet have to trust one another.;Yo-Yo Ma;trust
I don't think it's true that blondes have more fun... Trust me, it is not true!;Mila Kunis;trust
There is something at work that's bigger than us. It's about having a trust in life and being at peace that things are happening the way they should. You do what you do as well as you can do it, and then you don't worry or agonize about the outcome.;Sherilyn Fenn;trust
Trust cannot be commanded and yet it is also correct that the only one who earns trust is the one who is prepared to grant trust.;Gustav Heinemann;trust
The only ones I trust really are my Mum and Dad and those who are closest to me.;Katie Price;trust
The hardest thing is that you can't trust people now. You just can't.;Kevin Pietersen;trust
It's not fun facing a ball going 97 mph, trust me.;Kevin Pietersen;trust
It takes years for me to trust I know that about myself. A lot of it is because I am so private, and so reluctant to make myself vulnerable.;Michelle Pfeiffer;trust
We have to compete in a universe of 200 networks, so we have to carve out our own niche, and to me, that niche is just basic shoe-leather journalism with some good journalists at the helm you can trust as presenters.;Walter Isaacson;trust
It's not my job to try and alter the director's style - he's in charge, and I'll always give him my trust.;Ewan McGregor;trust
Here in the United States, our profession is much maligned, people simply don't trust or like journalists anymore and that's sad.;Christiane Amanpour;trust
The slogan was 'Don't trust anyone over thirty'. Sixty years later the slogan became, 'Don't trust anyone over ninety'.;John McCarthy;trust
When you are a character actor they trust you will go in and give them a full character and leave.;Vincent D'Onofrio;trust
It's time to stop the raid on the Social Security trust fund and start allowing Americans to invest their Social Security taxes in personal savings accounts.;Mike Pence;trust
I wish my parents hadn't made me feel that how I looked was linked to how much they loved me. But I do also see how hard it must be to see your child pile on the pounds and trust they'll find their own way back to a healthy weight.;Arabella Weir;trust
I believe in singularity in relationships because you've got to have trust on both sides.;Thomas Haden Church;trust
The first sentence of every novel should be: Trust me, this will take time but there is order here, very faint, very human. Meander if you want to get to town.;Michael Ondaatje;trust
You can't trust very many people.;George Best;trust
Your every voter, as surely as your chief magistrate, exercises a public trust.;Grover Cleveland;trust
It's interesting, because I tend to trust a man with big ears.;Mo Rocca;trust
I also learned to be more confident, to trust my instincts more.;Lindsey Buckingham;trust
Government is an unnecessary evil. Human beings, when accustomed to taking responsibility for their own behavior, can cooperate on a basis of mutual trust and helpfulness.;Fred Woodworth;trust
When I'm on stage, it's a little world I've created where I'm sort of the thing, so I have total control over everything that happens. When we're improvising, I'm with someone I totally trust. I know things are going to work out. I don't have those guarantees in life. There are no consequences on stage.;Colin Mochrie;trust
And as I've gotten deeper into the process of making films and television and such, I think I have more trust in the fact that you really never know what you're going to find after the twenty-fifth take.;Matthew Fox;trust
We've outsourced our memories to digital devices, and the result is that we no longer trust our memories. We see every small forgotten thing as evidence that they're failing us.;Joshua Foer;trust
Each of us has an inner dream that we can unfold if we will just have the courage to admit what it is. And the faith to trust our own admission. The admitting is often very difficult.;Julia Cameron;trust
When there's writing that you really trust, it's very freeing as an artist.;Matt LeBlanc;trust
The way I look at it, everything is a trade. You acquire some money, so then you've got no financial burdens, but everyone wants your money and so who can you trust? Or you've got no money and you can trust anyone, but then you've got the worry to pay bills. Which is worse?;Matt LeBlanc;trust
Now I can do no more. We must trust to the Great Disposer of all events and the justice of our cause. I thank God for this opportunity of doing my duty.;Horatio Nelson;trust
I look for people who're passionate, dedicated to the text, and in whom I trust completely.;Greta Scacchi;trust
On the stage, you alone hold the key, and on the night you have to trust that the director has inspired you enough to take the material and run with it.;Greta Scacchi;trust
People don't trust private health insurance companies for all the right reasons.;Bernie Sanders;trust
But trust me, if I lived in the '80s, I would definitely be the one going to the record stores.;Julianne Hough;trust
I'm not really much of a shopper. I have to say that I'd definitely prefer good sex. What makes good sex? Oh my god. I think you need to feel free and you have to really trust the other person. And you have to have that strange, mysterious chemical connection.;Kristin Davis;trust
We have been given the trust and goodwill of New Zealanders. I do not take that trust for granted, and I never will.;John Key;trust
Bronagh looks after the kids and without her the family would disintegrate... there are some things you can't discuss with anyone other than your wife. There has to be a strong bond of trust.;John Key;trust
America is a country ready to be taken, in fact, longing to be taken by political leaders ready to restore democracy and trust to the political process.;Arianna Huffington;trust
When you play a concerto with a small orchestra, you don't feel it is as important as Carnegie Hall. You try to work out all the little problems. Once that's all done, trust comes in.;Itzhak Perlman;trust
Evolution is unobservable. It's based on blind faith in a few dry bones and on unreliable dating systems in which the gullible trust. Kids should be allowed to make up their own minds about this issue, and not be censored to 'one side is all we will let you hear.';Ray Comfort;trust
None of us and none of the Arabs trust Israel.;Bashar al-Assad;trust
What you say about this world I do not quite agree with I think it a very good world, and only requires a person to be reasonable in his expectations, and not to trust too much to others.;William John Wills;trust
I trust the time is coming, when the occupation of an instructor to children will be deemed the most honorable of human employment.;Angelina Grimke;trust
I believe the main solution is to gain the trust of Europe and America and to remove their concerns over the peaceful nature of our nuclear industry and to assure them that there will never be a diversion to military use.;Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani;trust
As contagion of sickness makes sickness, contagion of trust can make trust.;Marianne Moore;trust
I had no idea of the size of my bank account as a teen, and I didn't care to know. That was my mom's job, I figured that I would just find out when I turned 18. If you can't trust your mom, then who can you trust?;Anna Chlumsky;trust
Trust me, I play the game for the fans, my family and myself.;David Ortiz;trust
A global democracy works only when countries trust one another.;Armstrong Williams;trust
Liberty, as it is conceived by current opinion, has nothing inherent about it it is a sort of gift or trust bestowed on the individual by the state pending good behavior.;Mary McCarthy;trust
It's not that I don't believe in miracles, but I never quite trust that they're real.;Mariel Hemingway;trust
My interactions with Sorkin were agonisingly weird. He is by far the weirdest person I have ever met. I had dinner with him and a few hours before I got an e-mail from his assistant saying, 'Sean, this does not need to be a long conversation. Aaron is only going to use it to win your trust.';Sean Parker;trust
All I can hope to do is instill great morality in my son and trust him along the way. The music he listens to or how he chooses to wear his hair doesn't define his moral compass, and if he wants to listen to country music and wear a cowboy hat too, that's fine.;Mark Hoppus;trust
I was going through a little bit of turbulence in my career. And so, it's funny how turbulence itself will make you hold onto something for security. And so the only thing I knew is trust in the Lord and lean not unto your own heart, in all thy ways acknowledge him and he shall direct thy path.;Emmitt Smith;trust
As a former football player who has carried a football more than 4,000 times, trust me, I did not go into ballroom dancing with my body being 100 percent, with no aches or pains or ailments coming with me. When you're dancing, you're doing stuff that your body's not used to, and so you start to aggravate those old injuries.;Emmitt Smith;trust
Never trust a man who speaks well of everybody.;John Churton Collins;trust
