Change, like sunshine, can be a friend or a foe, a blessing or a curse, a dawn or a dusk.;William Arthur Ward;change
Relentless, repetitive self talk is what changes our self-image.;Denis Waitley;change
Just when I think I have learned the way to live, life changes.;Hugh Prather;change
When it becomes more difficult to suffer than to change... you will change.;Robert Anthony;change
There are two kinds of fools: those who can't change their opinions and those who won't.;Josh Billings;change
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.;Denis Waitley;change
The first step toward change is awareness. The second step is acceptance.;Nathaniel Branden;change
Change is inevitable. Change is constant.;Benjamin Disraeli;change
All I want to do is change the world.;W. Clement Stone;change
Change is the only constant. Hanging on is the only sin.;Denise McCluggage;change
Things alter for the worse spontaneously, if they be not altered for the better designedly.;Francis Bacon;change
Future shock is the shattering stress and disorientation that we induce in individuals by subjecting them to too much change in too short a time.;Alvin Toffler;change
In a progressive country change is constant change is inevitable.;Benjamin Disraeli;change
You're only as young as the last time you changed your mind.;Timothy Leary;change
In times of rapid change, experience could be your worst enemy.;J. Paul Getty;change
Opinions are made to be changed - or how is truth to be got at?;Lord Byron;change
If you want to change attitudes, start with a change in behavior.;William Glasser;change
The foolish and the dead alone never change their opinions.;James Russell Lowell;change
Anyone who thinks there's safety in numbers hasn't looked at the stock market pages.;Irene Peter;change
We live in a moment of history where change is so speeded up that we begin to see the present only when it is already disappearing.;R. D. Laing;change
Christians are supposed not merely to endure change, nor even to profit by it, but to cause it.;Harry Emerson Fosdick;change
Change alone is unchanging.;Heraclitus;change
To change what you get you must change who you are.;Vernon Howard;change
Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.;Irene Peter;change
When you are through changing, you are through.;Bruce Barton;change
The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it.;Flannery O'Connor;change
Since we cannot change reality, let us change the eyes which see reality.;Nikos Kazantzakis;change
The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress.;Charles Kettering;change
All things must change to something new, to something strange.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;change
A lot of people get impatient with the pace of change.;James Levine;change
The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow.;Rupert Murdoch;change
The thing that lies at the foundation of positive change, the way I see it, is service to a fellow human being.;Lech Walesa;change
Change is inevitable. Change for the better is a full-time job.;Adlai E. Stevenson;change
When you jump for joy, beware that no one moves the ground from beneath your feet.;Stanislaw Lec;change
People change and forget to tell each other.;Lillian Hellman;change
True change takes place in the imagination.;Thomas Moore;change
To change a habit, make a conscious decision, then act out the new behavior.;Maxwell Maltz;change
I don't know if you can change things, but it's a drop in the ocean.;Julie Walters;change
If you want to change the culture, you will have to start by changing the organization.;Mary Douglas;change
Change is such hard work.;Billy Crystal;change
What we call progress is the exchange of one nuisance for another nuisance.;Havelock Ellis;change
If you feel like it's difficult to change, you will probably have a harder time succeeding.;Andrea Jung;change
The more things change, the more they are the same.;Alphonse Karr;change
The main dangers in this life are the people who want to change everything... or nothing.;Nancy Astor;change
Change is not only likely, it's inevitable.;Barbara Sher;change
Could we change our attitude, we should not only see life differently, but life itself would come to be different.;Katherine Mansfield;change
Change occurs in direct proportion to dissatisfaction, but dissatisfaction never changes.;Douglas Horton;change
We emphasize that we believe in change because we were born of it, we have lived by it, we prospered and grew great by it. So the status quo has never been our god, and we ask no one else to bow down before it.;Carl T. Rowan;change
The world changes in direct proportion to the number of people willing to be honest about their lives.;Armistead Maupin;change
If you can change three lives in 10, three lives in a hundred, that's got to be good, hasn't it?;Ian Botham;change
Perfection is immutable. But for things imperfect, change is the way to perfect them.;Owen Feltham;change
As with anything creative, change is inevitable.;Enya;change
I try to contrast life today is full of contrast... We have to change.;Gianni Versace;change
Everything in life that we really accept undergoes a change.;Katherine Mansfield;change
I shall not change my course because those who assume to be better than I desire it.;Victoria Woodhull;change
Weep not that the world changes - did it keep a stable, changeless state, it were cause indeed to weep.;William C. Bryant;change
People want change but not too much change. Finding that balance is tricky for every politician.;Eleanor Clift;change
Our fathers valued change for the sake of its results we value it in the act.;Alice Meynell;change
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.;John F. Kennedy;change
Change your thoughts and you change your world.;Norman Vincent Peale;change
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.;Nelson Mandela;change
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.;Michael Jordan;change
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.;Plutarch;change
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.;Harriet Tubman;change
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.;Albert Einstein;change
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.;Simone de Beauvoir;change
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.;Jimmy Dean;change
The pessimist complains about the wind the optimist expects it to change the realist adjusts the sails.;William Arthur Ward;change
When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future.;Bernard Meltzer;change
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world indeed, it's the only thing that ever has.;Margaret Mead;change
I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod my shadow does that much better.;Plutarch;change
It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent that survives. It is the one that is the most adaptable to change.;Charles Darwin;change
We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change.;Katharine Hepburn;change
You change your life by changing your heart.;Max Lucado;change
There are three constants in life... change, choice and principles.;Stephen Covey;change
The Chinese government wants me to say that for many centuries Tibet has been part of China. Even if I make that statement, many people would just laugh. And my statement will not change past history. History is history.;Dalai Lama;change
If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to. If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve.;Lao Tzu;change
You can change your world by changing your words... Remember, death and life are in the power of the tongue.;Joel Osteen;change
It behooves every man who values liberty of conscience for himself, to resist invasions of it in the case of others: or their case may, by change of circumstances, become his own.;Thomas Jefferson;change
Chinese people themselves, they really want change.;Dalai Lama;change
I am invariably late for appointments - sometimes as much as two hours. I've tried to change my ways but the things that make me late are too strong, and too pleasing.;Marilyn Monroe;change
For time and the world do not stand still. Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or the present are certain to miss the future.;John F. Kennedy;change
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.;George Bernard Shaw;change
You must take personal responsibility. You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself. That is something you have charge of.;Jim Rohn;change
Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays.;Soren Kierkegaard;change
No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new.;Steve Jobs;change
It takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new. But there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful. There is more security in the adventurous and exciting, for in movement there is life, and in change there is power.;Alan Cohen;change
Find joy in everything you choose to do. Every job, relationship, home... it's your responsibility to love it, or change it.;Chuck Palahniuk;change
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.;Jim Rohn;change
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.;Richard Bach;change
The need for change bulldozed a road down the center of my mind.;Maya Angelou;change
I believe that you control your destiny, that you can be what you want to be. You can also stop and say, 'No, I won't do it, I won't behave his way anymore. I'm lonely and I need people around me, maybe I have to change my methods of behaving,' and then you do it.;Leo Buscaglia;change
The spirit of democracy is not a mechanical thing to be adjusted by abolition of forms. It requires change of heart.;Mahatma Gandhi;change
I have noticed even people who claim everything is predestined, and that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.;Stephen Hawking;change
Usually when people are sad, they don't do anything. They just cry over their condition. But when they get angry, they bring about a change.;James Russell Lowell;change
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.;Stephen Hawking;change
You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.;Brian Tracy;change
You can't move so fast that you try to change the mores faster than people can accept it. That doesn't mean you do nothing, but it means that you do the things that need to be done according to priority.;Eleanor Roosevelt;change
The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn and change.;Carl Rogers;change
