Country music in the mid-'90s was a big influence on my career, and I played all the songs that are referenced in ''94' back in my club days. Joe Diffie was rocking a sick mullet, and he was hotter than ever... just putting out monster hit after monster hit. It totally takes me back to those days, and it makes me smile every time I hear it.;Jason Aldean;smile
I think I've always had a certain amount of skepticism of this whole 'shut up and smile' theory. I haven't ever swallowed that pill so easily, although I tried.;Amber Heard;smile
The bat is gone, but the smile remains.;Willie Stargell;smile
Well, there's nothing more touching than putting a smile on a kid's face when you can.;Emma Roberts;smile
And History will smile to think that this is the species for which Socrates and Jesus Christ died.;Julien Benda;smile
The coolest part about seeing a girl wear something comfortable is the smile that you can just feel coming through from inside her.;Kellan Lutz;smile
I had ordered long legs, but they never arrived. My eyes are weird too, one is gray and the other is green. I have a crooked smile and my nose looks like a ski slope. No, I would not win a Miss contest.;Jane Seymour;smile
I never get tired of smiling. I'm just the kind of guy who likes to smile.;Jason Ritter;smile
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.;Nhat Hanh;smile
I am trying to inspire people to just take control of their oral health, because if we don't take care of our oral health, it affects so many different aspects of our lives. If your smile and mouth is not together, it affects your relationship, your self-esteem, your health.;Sherri Shepherd;smile
I never laugh or smile when I am writing. When I come home for lunch after writing all morning, my wife says I look like I just came home from a funeral. This is not bragging. This is an illness.;Carl Hiaasen;smile
You see, with me, when I'm nervous, I smile and laugh.;Paula Radcliffe;smile
I'm a very outgoing person. I'm always happy, I'm one of those people who are always smiling. If somebody described me to somebody else, they'd say the kid with the curly hair with the big smile on his face. I get along with everybody.;Corbin Bleu;smile
My mother-in-law speaks not a word of English. I speak not a word of Tajiki. So I smile at her ingratiatingly and she fixes me with a beady eye.;Wilbur Smith;smile
A beautiful person is someone who stays true to themselves and their spirit someone who is self-confident and can make you smile.;Helena Christensen;smile
One of the most important responsibilities in the Christian life is to care about others, smile at them, and be a friend to the friendless.;James Dobson;smile
I've never missed a gig yet. Music makes people happy, and that's why I go on doing it - I like to see everybody smile.;Buddy Guy;smile
There's no damn business like show business - you have to smile to keep from throwing up.;Billie Holiday;smile
I just want to show the fans my big smile and play the game that I love.;Yani Tseng;smile
I like to smile. I smile even when I'm nervous since it calms me down and shows my friendliness.;Yani Tseng;smile
In masks outrageous and austere, The years go by in single file But none has merited my fear, And none has quite escaped my smile.;Elinor Wylie;smile
Nothing beats a great smile.;Karl Urban;smile
When Whitney Houston died, I felt great sadness. My sadness, of course, was about our collective loss - when you listened to this nightingale sing, your body would drop into a chair, your head would tilt up, a small smile would creep across your face, and inside you knew that there was a higher power somewhere: gifted, beautiful, spiritual.;James Belushi;smile
It is clear I was never the Pretty Girl. I had my two front teeth knocked out when I was 10 and didn't fix them until I was 19. I have a crooked smile and a nose that looks like it's been broken 12 times but never has been. My nose was always red, so people called me Rudolph. My whole face is off-center.;Ellen Barkin;smile
I feel like a little kid who just walked into a candy store. I think that's something to smile about.;Brandon Boyd;smile
Young women from a very young age are taught that life will be easier if you can just turn on the charming smile and say very little and be complacent and docile and sweet.;Amber Heard;smile
Whereas I used to get depressed or neurotic or dwell on things, I see my son's bright eyes and smile in the morning, and suddenly, I don't feel like I'm depressed anymore. There's nothing to be depressed about when you've got that.;Corey Feldman;smile
Many people say I smile more in Africa than in Sweden.;Henning Mankell;smile
I just sing the stuff that makes me smile, makes me feel like I didn't sell myself out.;Patti LaBelle;smile
Most smiles are started by another smile.;Frank A. Clark;smile
We're teaching our kids that attributes as vague and relatively meaningless as a toothy smile or a fine head of hair make a fine statement about a person.;Neil Cavuto;smile
You know, there's nothing like seeing the smile on my kids' faces. Laughing together. Playing. It's the best.;Mark Wahlberg;smile
The Viennese wash everything. Where else in the world does the government hire public servants to wash public telephone booths and the glass over traffic lights? Every time I see someone doing these things, I smile like a child.;Jonathan Carroll;smile
I suffered from post-natal depression after Rowan was born. I had a healthy, beautiful baby girl and I couldn't look at her. I couldn't hold her, smile at her. All I wanted was to disappear and die.;Brooke Shields;smile
Bob Dylan has always sealed his decisions with the unexplainable. His motives for withholding the release of the magnificent 'Basement Tapes' will be as forever obscure as Brian Wilson's reasons for the destruction of the tapes for 'Smile.';Jon Landau;smile
I get very nervous whenever I think about it. I've never done a serious play, and I have such awe of the woman - she's really my only idol. It's going to be a big stretch - certain people come out on stage and your face muscles automatically tense and you get ready to smile.;Judy Holliday;smile
If the Starbucks secret is a smile when you get your latte... ours is that the Web site adapts to the individual's taste.;Reed Hastings;smile
When you're walking down the street, or you're at a restaurant, someone catches your eye because they have their own look. It goes way beyond what they're wearing - into their mannerisms, the way they smile, or just the way they hold themselves.;Mary-Kate Olsen;smile
They gave each other a smile with a future in it.;Ring Lardner;smile
It takes both courage and talent to stand up in front of fellow human beings and make them crack a smile, and at the same time keep it clean.;Ray Comfort;smile
You're never fully dressed without a smile.;Martin Charnin;smile
Playing hard to get is not the way to win me over. I'm definitely more for the girl who can smile and laugh all the time and just have a good time!;Taylor Lautner;smile
I get really frustrated if people don't smile.;Sophie Ellis-Bextor;smile
I hoped I could make people smile and laugh and have a good time.;Carson Kressley;smile
Jessica Simpson is the youth ambassador for Operation Smile, and an episode of The Apprentice featured a team managing a charity concert she put on. Donald Trump came on stage and pledged a donation.;Roma Downey;smile
I love a man with a great sense of humor and who is intelligent - a man who has a great smile. He has to make me laugh. I like a man who is very ambitious and driven and who has a good heart and makes me feel safe. I like a man who is very strong and independent and confident - that is very sexy - but at the same time, he's very kind to people.;Nicole Scherzinger;smile
Right now, I'm following the Buddhist principle: Smile as abuse is hurled your way and this too shall pass.;Aishwarya Rai;smile
No, I like to wear as least amount of makeup as I can during my everyday life because I'm just all about keeping my skin healthy and hydrated and I love to laugh and have a great time and smile - that's when I feel the most pretty so I just want to make sure that I stay happy.;Lily Collins;smile
I retire with a smile on my face, in good health, and ready to spend autumns at my kids' games instead of my own. I'm excited to start the next chapter of my life.;Drew Bledsoe;smile
For me, I think the Lord wanted me to win to put a smile on Chinese people's faces.;Michael Chang;smile
I watched Gene Kelly for his smile, for his energy. Vittorio Gassman for his movement. Clark Gable for his mustache. And I watched Lassie who was happy as a dog.;Jean Dujardin;smile
My first experiences of academic friendship made me smile in after years when I looked back on them. But my circle of acquaintances had gradually grown so large that it was only natural new friendships should grow out of it.;Georg Brandes;smile
People always say golfers don't smile. But there is so much psychology in golf so we have to be a bit robotic.;Lee Westwood;smile
I'd much rather have sat there and just been a fly on the wall, instead of having to smile at people. I'd rather have been a waitress. Just gone round and stared at people.;Jennifer Saunders;smile
May Heaven be propitious, and smile on the cause of my country.;Zebulon Pike;smile
I know virtually no one of my age who can remember a hug, or a smile from their father, or a 'Let's go play football.';Peter Mullan;smile
I always said that if I could just find a guy who could chop wood and had a nice smile, it wouldn't bother me if he was a thug or an aristocrat, as long as he was a good guy. And I've ended up with an educated thug.;Sade Adu;smile
Nothing you wear is more important than your smile.;Connie Stevens;smile
Virtue is not photogenic. What is it to be a nice guy? To be nothing, that's what. A big fat zero with a smile for everybody.;Kirk Douglas;smile
But I am convinced that those Jews who stand aside today with a malicious smile and with their hands in their trousers' pockets will also want to dwell in our beautiful home.;Theodor Herzl;smile
The smile of God is victory.;John Greenleaf Whittier;smile
I like to smile when its natural. I'm not mad or anything. That's my style.;Jesse McCartney;smile
I travel around the world, experiencing every language, every religion... some places where there's just no reason to smile, because their lives are so difficult.;Lionel Richie;smile
And I like the look on people's faces when I say I'm doing this movie called Pride and Prejudice and they kind of smile, and then I say I'm in a movie called Doom and they kind of do a double take and try and put the two things together. And they never quite manage to.;Rosamund Pike;smile
If I went to them all dressed up and flashed a nice smile for the cameras it would probably be easier for me to get work. But I just can't tolerate it.;Charlie Hunnam;smile
A simple compliment goes a really long way - for a guy to just come over and say, 'You have great hair' or 'I really like your dress,' and then just smile and walk away. That's a great move, because he's sort of putting himself out there by doing that, but it won't lead to any embarrassment if the girl isn't interested.;Stacy Keibler;smile
The same people who smile in my face would be the same ones to talk behind my back.;Timbaland;smile
When I see these young girls who are dreaming the dream that I'm living, it's very very exciting and it puts a big smile on my face.;Sue Wicks;smile
I love a good laugh as well, I think that's so important in life, which is probably why I've dabbled in comedy writing as well as horror. I think if you can make someone laugh or smile it's the most special thing in the world.;Paul Kane;smile
You get somebody to crack a smile, that's a beautiful thing.;Tracy Morgan;smile
The essence of life is the smile of round female bottoms, under the shadow of cosmic boredom.;Guy de Maupassant;smile
His smile is like the silver plate on a coffin.;John Philpot Curran;smile
We sometimes laugh from ear to ear, but it would be impossible for a smile to be wider than the distance between our eyes.;Malcolm De Chazal;smile
We have such a long, familiar history with Peter Falk. The minute his mug is on that screen people smile.;Paul Reiser;smile
Southerners smile more than other Americans.;John Shelton Reed;smile
We tried to set up a company that patterned ourselves after Southwest in all the fun, the spirit, the great people, the smile, the efficiency side of it, but we've added some extras that people aren't used to finding on Southwest.;David Neeleman;smile
I think people are sick and tired of all the abuse songs, and drug addiction, we want to bring to world a big fat smile.;Steve Brown;smile
Sometimes Queens' music is dark, but somehow it's ok to deliver it with a smile on your face because thing's are still going to kick in.;Joshua Homme;smile
My big running discovery was around Stanley Park in Vancouver. Miss it. That's a six-mile loop. Now I smile when I get four miles done. Age is a beast.;Michael Weatherly;smile
I think ultimately I make people happy: Whether I'm doing the stage show, giving somebody a makeover, or designing clothing, the end goal is to make people smile.;Carson Kressley;smile
I think Operation Smile is in more than 22 countries, mostly Third World. It just happened that my schedule opened up at the time they were heading to Vietnam.;Roma Downey;smile
I sat in at every club in New York City, jamming with musicians, because it felt right - and because it felt right and we were having fun - the people dancing and sipping their drinks in the clubs felt it too and it made them smile.;Ray Conniff;smile
We never respect those who amuse us, however we may smile at their comic powers.;Marguerite Gardiner;smile
When you see that many people with a smile on their face, then you must be doing something right.;Greg Norman;smile
She felt like a chess player who, by the clever handling of his pieces, sees the game taking the course intended. Her eyes were bright and tender with a smile as they glanced up into his and her lips looked hungry for the kiss which they invited.;Kate Chopin;smile
If you force yourself to smile, within a couple minutes, you feel happy.;Dean Norris;smile
Arnold Palmer has what I call an 'Eisenhower smile'. Those two men, they'd smile and their whole faces would look so pleasant it was like they were smiling all over.;Byron Nelson;smile
I smile so much at the theater my face hurts when I leave.;Heather Matarazzo;smile
Even if you're unhappy, just pretend that you're happy. Eventually, your smile will be contagious to yourself. I had to learn that. I used to think, 'I'm being fake,' but you know what? Better to be fake and happy than real and miserable.;Evangeline Lilly;smile
While you're improvising, you may come up with something which will break him up. As soon as that smile comes out, you know that, hey, we're having fun.;Shelley Berman;smile
People ask me to smile for the camera, but somehow it always comes out gloomy.;Stephen Rea;smile
I've told several writers this, and, again, I get back to it, but if you want to make God smile, tell him your plans.;Vin Scully;smile
When I see myself on film it makes me smile, I mean making a good living doing what I enjoy is soo much fun. I just hope that everyone has the chance to enjoy life like I do.;Adrienne Barbeau;smile
I don't really remember a time younger than 5 years old that I didn't have skates on because all I can remember is every day, tying up my skates and a big smile on my face, excited to go on the ice.;Michelle Kwan;smile
I can sing and dance. I can smile - a lot.;Chris Colfer;smile
The greatest self is a peaceful smile, that always sees the world smiling back.;Bryant McGill;smile
I wake up each and every day with a smile on my face knowing I get to do something musically.;Two Chainz;smile
I've never wanted anybody to like me because I had long hair or short hair, or that they liked the way I dressed or they liked the way I dressed or they liked the way I smile.;David Allan Coe;smile
I'm positive and I smile a lot, and I'm kind of a banana, but serious work just seems to find me, so I'm not going to argue with it.;Mireille Enos;smile
