In view of the fact that God limited the intelligence of man, it seems unfair that He did not also limit his stupidity.;Konrad Adenauer;god
Lo! The poor Indian, whose untutored mind sees God in clouds, or hears him in the wind.;Alexander Pope;god
God did not intend religion to be an exercise club.;Naguib Mahfouz;god
I read the book of Job last night, I don't think God comes out well in it.;Virginia Woolf;god
God's gifts put man's best dreams to shame.;Elizabeth Barrett Browning;god
Do not look down upon any Muslim, for even the most inferior believer is great in the eyes of God.;Abu Bakr;god
What does God the Father look like? Although I've never seen Him, I believe - as with the Holy Spirit - He looks like Jesus looked on earth.;Benny Hinn;god
To judge between good or bad, between successful and unsuccessful would take the eye of a God.;Anton Chekhov;god
Even Kings and emperors with heaps of wealth and vast dominion cannot compare with an ant filled with the love of God.;Guru Nanak;god
An infinite God can give all of Himself to each of His children. He does not distribute Himself that each may have a part, but to each one He gives all of Himself as fully as if there were no others.;Aiden Wilson Tozer;god
I want to love all the children of God - Christian, Jew, Moslem, Hindu, Buddhist - everyone. I want to love gay Christians and straight Christians.;Anne Rice;god
Like the old soldier of the ballad, I now close my military career and just fade away, an old soldier who tried to do his duty as God gave him the light to see that duty. Goodbye.;Douglas MacArthur;god
I am not trying to change the world. I am just offering my gift that God gave me, and if somebody is moved by it, that's beautiful.;Lenny Kravitz;god
God Almighty never intended that the devil should triumph over the Church. He never intended that the saloons should walk rough-shod over Christianity.;Billy Sunday;god
Growing up, if I hadn't had sports, I don't know where I'd be. God only knows what street corners I'd have been standing on and God only knows what I'd have been doing, but instead I played hockey and went to school and stayed out of trouble.;Bobby Orr;god
I have so many things to work on, and so many ways that I fail. But that's what grace is all about. and I constantly wake up every morning trying to get better, trying to improve, trying to walk closer to God.;Tim Tebow;god
Well, we can't say any more than we can say there is no god, there is no afterlife. We can only say there is no persuasive evidence for or argument for it.;Christopher Hitchens;god
I am God's vessel. But my greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live.;Kanye West;god
It is our best work that God wants, not the dregs of our exhaustion. I think he must prefer quality to quantity.;George MacDonald;god
Well, I'll put it this way: you can certainly say belief in God makes people behave worse. That can be proved beyond a doubt.;Christopher Hitchens;god
A dog barks when his master is attacked. I would be a coward if I saw that God's truth is attacked and yet would remain silent.;Pearl S. Buck;god
In life, you have people that love to party. That's me. People that love God. That's me. People that love sex. That's me. People that love people. That's me. And people that make mistakes.That's me also.;R. Kelly;god
When you believe in God, you've got to believe in the all-powerful God. He's not just God, He's the all-powerful God and He has total control over everyone's life. The Devil, on the other hand, is a real character that's trying his hardest to tear your life apart.;Alice Cooper;god
To fall in love is to create a religion that has a fallible god.;Jorge Luis Borges;god
As told in Friendship with God, if we simply decided to believe and act as if first, we're all one, and second, life is eternal, it would render virtually everything we've done all our lives pointless.;Neale Donald Walsch;god
Trust in God - she will provide.;Emmeline Pankhurst;god
But this will not do, God will certainly punish you for stealing and for being unfaithful.;Jupiter Hammon;god
Money is neither my god nor my devil. It is a form of energy that tends to make us more of who we already are, whether it's greedy or loving.;Dan Millman;god
He who builds a masjid in the way of Allah, God will build a house for him in the paradise.;Abu Bakr;god
I look upon life as a gift from God. I did nothing to earn it. Now that the time is coming to give it back, I have no right to complain.;Joyce Cary;god
I was blessed with certain gifts and talents and God gave them to me to be the best person I can be and to have a positive impact on other people.;Bryan Clay;god
Happiness is brief. It will not stay. God batters at its sails.;Euripides;god
In these times, God's people must trust him for rest of body and soul.;David Wilkerson;god
God hates violence. He has ordained that all men fairly possess their property, not seize it.;Euripides;god
Motherhood is priced Of God, at price no man may dare To lessen or misunderstand.;Helen Hunt Jackson;god
I believe that the people, instead of pretty lies, should be told the truth, no matter how ugly it may be. What can we do, destiny hasn't been kind to us but, with the help of God, we will prevail.;Alija Izetbegovic;god
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.;Alan Perlis;god
When we learn from experience, the scars of sin can lead us to restoration and a renewed intimacy with God.;Charles Stanley;god
Pray in your family daily, that yours may be in the number of the families who call upon God.;Christopher Love;god
Nature is my manifestation of God. I go to nature every day for inspiration in the day's work. I follow in building the principles which nature has used in its domain.;Frank Lloyd Wright;god
I don't really know why I care so much. I just have something inside me that tells me that there is a problem, and I have got to do something about it. I think that is what I would call the God in me.;Wangari Maathai;god
Isn't it amazing that we are all made in God's image, and yet there is so much diversity among his people?;Desmond Tutu;god
God's most lordly gift to man is decency of mind.;Aeschylus;god
Whenever a man makes haste, God too hastens with him.;Aeschylus;god
You know, God gave me a gift to do other things besides play the game of basketball.;LeBron James;god
A Boss in Heaven is the best excuse for a boss on earth, therefore If God did exist, he would have to be abolished.;Mikhail Bakunin;god
Slave to no sect, who takes no private road, But looks through Nature up to Nature's God.;Alexander Pope;god
Know then thyself, presume not God to scan The proper study of mankind is man.;Alexander Pope;god
I still have a spiritual base and a spiritual foundation. And my conversation with God is very open-ended. I pray for humility, honestly, because it's very easy to be caught up in this world.;Katy Perry;god
A god who let us prove his existence would be an idol.;Dietrich Bonhoeffer;god
When did I realize I was God? Well, I was praying and I suddenly realized I was talking to myself.;Peter O'Toole;god
It's always nice when you do something and it's well received as opposed to the other way which God knows happens to everybody. When the good times come around, you take a deep breath, appreciate it, but not take it too seriously.;Laura Linney;god
If you have not chosen the Kingdom of God first, it will in the end make no difference what you have chosen instead.;William Law;god
Every day I feel is a blessing from God. And I consider it a new beginning. Yeah, everything is beautiful.;Prince;god
Technology is a gift of God. After the gift of life it is perhaps the greatest of God's gifts. It is the mother of civilizations, of arts and of sciences.;Freeman Dyson;god
All the lessons of history in four sentences: Whom the gods would destroy, they first make mad with power. The mills of God grind slowly, but they grind exceedingly small. The bee fertilizes the flower it robs. When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.;Charles A. Beard;god
Chance is perhaps the pseudonym of God when he did not want to sign.;Anatole France;god
That the saints may enjoy their beatitude and the grace of God more abundantly they are permitted to see the punishment of the damned in hell.;Thomas Aquinas;god
More are the names of God and infinite are the forms through which He may be approached. In whatever name and form you worship Him, through them you will realise Him.;Ramakrishna;god
If the Lord says to give more than you think you are able to give, know that He will provide for you. Whether things are sailing smoothly or the bottom has dropped out, He is always trustworthy. You can count on Almighty God to keep His everlasting Word.;Charles Stanley;god
Courage, not compromise, brings the smile of God's approval.;Thomas S. Monson;god
I do not need the idea of God to explain the world I live in.;Salman Rushdie;god
Whatever crushes individuality is despotism, by whatever name it may be called and whether it professes to be enforcing the will of God or the injunctions of men.;John Stuart Mill;god
God gives me the children's ministry heart and patience. This is what He wants. It's awesome. I don't know where He's gonna take it - but God is building this thing.;Willie Aames;god
Every year we celebrate the holy season of Advent, O God. Every year we pray those beautiful prayers of longing and waiting, and sing those lovely songs of hope and promise.;Karl Rahner;god
If one could conclude as to the nature of the Creator from a study of his creation it would appear that God has a special fondness for stars and beetles.;John B. S. Haldane;god
Jail didn't make me find God, He's always been there. They can lock me up, but my spirit and my love can never be confined to prison walls.;Lil Wayne;god
He must pull out his own eyes, and see no creature, before he can say, he sees no God He must be no man, and quench his reasonable soul, before he can say to himself, there is no God.;John Donne;god
Religion, to me, is a bureaucracy between man and God that I don't need.;Bill Maher;god
My dear brothers, take note of this: Everyone should be quick to listen, slow to speak and slow to become angry, for man's anger does not bring about the righteous life that God desires.;Beverly Sills;god
Charity. To love human beings in so far as they are nothing. That is to love them as God does.;Simone Weil;god
Not a single time have we gotten a right from Congress or from the President. We get them from God.;Glenn Beck;god
I'm not really religious but very spiritual. I give money to this company that manufactures hearing aids on a regular basis. More people should really hear me sing. I have a gift from God.;Christina Aguilera;god
As a people of faith, we know that prayer is a powerful instrument. And as one Nation under God, we know that many times our most powerful tool is prayer.;Nick Rahall;god
From a religious point of view, if God had thought homosexuality is a sin, he would not have created gay people.;Howard Dean;god
You can't fake it when you're alone with God, you know.;Jim Bakker;god
I wanted to be a teacher. I love children, so I wanted to deal with children. Then I wanted to be a veterinarian. But by the age of ten or eleven, when I opened my mouth and said, 'Oh, God, what's this?' I kind of knew teaching and being a veterinarian were gonna have to wait.;Whitney Houston;god
The artist must be in his work as God is in creation, invisible and all-powerful one must sense him everywhere but never see him.;Gustave Flaubert;god
God bears with the wicked, but not forever.;Miguel de Cervantes;god
We must return to nature and nature's god.;Luther Burbank;god
The moment someone chooses to trust in Jesus Christ, his sins are wiped away, and he is adopted into God's family. That individual is set apart as a child of God, with a sacred purpose.;Charles Stanley;god
In feature films the director is God in documentary films God is the director.;Alfred Hitchcock;god
I'm a survivor of life. I try to give the glory to God and appreciate what's happening to me.;Mike Epps;god
I am thankful, of course, for the prize and thankful to God for each story, each idea, each word, each day.;Isaac Bashevis Singer;god
O that unbelievers would learn of faithful Abraham, and believe whatever is revealed from God, though they cannot fully comprehend it! Abraham knew God commanded him to offer up his son, and therefore believed, notwithstanding carnal reasoning might suggest may objections.;George Whitefield;god
You cannot do anything without God.It's a profound and elemental truth. Not, you cannot do most things without God. You will not be able to do anything that you want, truly, in fulfillment, without God.;Marco Rubio;god
Our founders got it right when they wrote in the Declaration of Independence that our rights come from nature and nature's God, not from government.;Paul Ryan;god
I don't believe in God, but I'm afraid of Him.;Gabriel Garcia Marquez;god
God is definitely out of the closet.;Marianne Williamson;god
I will do my best. That is all I can do. I ask for your help - and God's.;Lyndon B. Johnson;god
Bondage is of the mind freedom too is of the mind. If you say 'I am a free soul. I am a son of God who can bind me' free you shall be.;Ramakrishna;god
There are two good rules which ought to be written on every heart - never to believe anything bad about anybody unless you positively know it to be true never to tell even that unless you feel that it is absolutely necessary, and that God is listening.;Henry Van Dyke;god
If God did not intend for us to eat animals, then why did he make them out of meat?;John Cleese;god
Sooner or later, man has always had to decide whether he worships his own power or the power of God.;Arnold J. Toynbee;god
If you expect the blessings of God, be kind to His people.;Abu Bakr;god
In almost everything that touches our everyday life on earth, God is pleased when we're pleased. He wills that we be as free as birds to soar and sing our maker's praise without anxiety.;Aiden Wilson Tozer;god
On the field I'm trying to play for the glory of God but then also I'm trying to give everything I have and win and compete. And so I think more than just winning or losing, I think He cares about where our hearts are when we're playing.;Tim Tebow;god
No government ought to be without censors and where the press is free, no one ever will. Chance is the pseudonym of God when he did not want to sign.;Anatole France;god
Thank God we're living in a country where the sky's the limit, the stores are open late and you can shop in bed thanks to television.;Joan Rivers;god
