Our patience will achieve more than our force.;Edmund Burke;patience
Genius is eternal patience.;Michelangelo;patience
Good character is not formed in a week or a month. It is created little by little, day by day. Protracted and patient effort is needed to develop good character.;Heraclitus;patience
I'm extraordinarily patient provided I get my own way in the end.;Margaret Thatcher;patience
Endurance is patience concentrated.;Thomas Carlyle;patience
Patience is necessary, and one cannot reap immediately where one has sown.;Soren Kierkegaard;patience
The key to everything is patience. You get the chicken by hatching the egg, not by smashing it.;Arnold H. Glasow;patience
Patience, n. A minor form of dispair, disguised as a virtue.;Ambrose Bierce;patience
I am not a perfect servant. I am a public servant doing my best against the odds. As I develop and serve, be patient. God is not finished with me yet.;Jesse Jackson;patience
Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty.;John Ruskin;patience
Patience has its limits. Take it too far, and it's cowardice.;George Jackson;patience
Humility is attentive patience.;Simone Weil;patience
Who ever is out of patience is out of possession of their soul.;Francis Bacon;patience
Heaven grant us patience with a man in love.;Rudyard Kipling;patience
As for goals, I don't set myself those anymore. I'm not one of these 'I must have achieved this and that by next year' kind of writers. I take things as they come and find that patience and persistence tend to win out in the end.;Paul Kane;patience
All commend patience, but none can endure to suffer.;Thomas Fuller;patience
Patience and Diligence, like faith, remove mountains.;William Penn;patience
Patience is the art of hoping.;Luc de Clapiers;patience
There is something good in all seeming failures. You are not to see that now. Time will reveal it. Be patient.;Sivananda;patience
The practice of patience toward one another, the overlooking of one another's defects, and the bearing of one another's burdens is the most elementary condition of all human and social activity in the family, in the professions, and in society.;Lawrence G. Lovasik;patience
Lack of pep is often mistaken for patience.;Kin Hubbard;patience
Patience is the support of weakness impatience the ruin of strength.;Charles Caleb Colton;patience
Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.;Plautus;patience
If I have done the public any service, it is due to my patient thought.;Isaac Newton;patience
All men commend patience, although few are willing to practice it.;Thomas a Kempis;patience
If you would know strength and patience, welcome the company of trees.;Hal Borland;patience
Fortune knocks but once, but misfortune has much more patience.;Laurence J. Peter;patience
Bear patiently with a rival.;Ovid;patience
Beware the fury of a patient man.;John Dryden;patience
Let him that hath no power of patience retire within himself, though even there he will have to put up with himself.;Baltasar Gracian;patience
Patience is the most necessary quality for business, many a man would rather you heard his story than grant his request.;Lord Chesterfield;patience
God gives me the children's ministry heart and patience. This is what He wants. It's awesome. I don't know where He's gonna take it - but God is building this thing.;Willie Aames;patience
Hope is patience with the lamp lit.;Tertullian;patience
There is no road too long to the man who advances deliberately and without undue haste there are no honors too distant to the man who prepares himself for them with patience.;Jean de la Bruyere;patience
A healthy male adult bore consumes each year one and a half times his own weight in other people's patience.;John Updike;patience
He who rides the sea of the Nile must have sails woven of patience.;William Golding;patience
Patience, that blending of moral courage with physical timidity.;Thomas Hardy;patience
Good ideas are not adopted automatically. They must be driven into practice with courageous patience.;Hyman Rickover;patience
Everyone ought to bear patiently the results of his own conduct.;Phaedrus;patience
You must first have a lot of patience to learn to have patience.;Stanislaw Lec;patience
Never a tear bedims the eye that time and patience will not dry.;Bret Harte;patience
Patience, the beggar's virtue, shall find no harbor here.;Philip Massinger;patience
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation.;Moliere;patience
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.;Harriet Tubman;patience
The keys to patience are acceptance and faith. Accept things as they are, and look realistically at the world around you. Have faith in yourself and in the direction you have chosen.;Ralph Marston;patience
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;patience
If patience is worth anything, it must endure to the end of time. And a living faith will last in the midst of the blackest storm.;Mahatma Gandhi;patience
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.;Lao Tzu;patience
Patience and time do more than strength or passion.;Jean de La Fontaine;patience
The marvel of all history is the patience with which men and women submit to burdens unnecessarily laid upon them by their governments.;George Washington;patience
He that can have patience can have what he will.;Benjamin Franklin;patience
No, I will be the pattern of all patience I will say nothing.;William Shakespeare;patience
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace.;Victor Hugo;patience
Beware of him that is slow to anger for when it is long coming, it is the stronger when it comes, and the longer kept. Abused patience turns to fury.;Francis Quarles;patience
Patience is the companion of wisdom.;Saint Augustine;patience
It is strange that the years teach us patience that the shorter our time, the greater our capacity for waiting.;Elizabeth Taylor;patience
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.;Leo Tolstoy;patience
I learned patience, perseverance, and dedication. Now I really know myself, and I know my voice. It's a voice of pain and victory.;Anthony Hamilton;patience
I do not have much patience with a thing of beauty that must be explained to be understood. If it does need additional interpretation by someone other than the creator, then I question whether it has fulfilled its purpose.;Charlie Chaplin;patience
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.;John Quincy Adams;patience
Alcohol gives you infinite patience for stupidity.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;patience
And I love that even in the toughest moments, when we're all sweating it - when we're worried that the bill won't pass, and it seems like all is lost - Barack never lets himself get distracted by the chatter and the noise. Just like his grandmother, he just keeps getting up and moving forward... with patience and wisdom, and courage and grace.;Michelle Obama;patience
Faith is not simply a patience that passively suffers until the storm is past. Rather, it is a spirit that bears things - with resignations, yes, but above all, with blazing, serene hope.;Corazon Aquino;patience
Meekness: Uncommon patience in planning a revenge that is worth while.;Ambrose Bierce;patience
The days of our lives, for all of us, are numbered. We know that. And yes, there are certainly times when we aren't able to muster as much strength and patience as we would like. It's called being human.;Elizabeth Edwards;patience
I do not believe that sheer suffering teaches. If suffering alone taught, all the world would be wise, since everyone suffers. To suffering must be added mourning, understanding, patience, love, openness and the willingness to remain vulnerable.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;patience
When traveling with someone, take large does of patience and tolerance with your morning coffee.;Helen Hayes;patience
Patience is the ability to idle your motor when you feel like stripping your gears.;Barbara Johnson;patience
We have no patience with other people's vanity because it is offensive to our own.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;patience
There are three secrets to managing. The first secret is have patience. The second is be patient. And the third most important secret is patience.;Chuck Tanner;patience
To bear with patience wrongs done to oneself is a mark of perfection, but to bear with patience wrongs done to someone else is a mark of imperfection and even of actual sin.;Thomas Aquinas;patience
A garden is a grand teacher. It teaches patience and careful watchfulness it teaches industry and thrift above all it teaches entire trust.;Gertrude Jekyll;patience
Endurance is the crowning quality, And patience all the passion of great hearts.;James Russell Lowell;patience
It takes patience to appreciate domestic bliss volatile spirits prefer unhappiness.;George Santayana;patience
Knowing trees, I understand the meaning of patience. Knowing grass, I can appreciate persistence.;Hal Borland;patience
Everything that slows us down and forces patience, everything that sets us back into the slow circles of nature, is a help. Gardening is an instrument of grace.;May Sarton;patience
Patience and tenacity are worth more than twice their weight of cleverness.;Thomas Huxley;patience
I grow plants for many reasons: to please my eye or to please my soul, to challenge the elements or to challenge my patience, for novelty or for nostalgia, but mostly for the joy in seeing them grow.;David Hobson;patience
The Scriptures contain many stories of people who waited years or even decades before the Lord's promises came to pass. What modern believers can learn from the patience of biblical saints like Abraham, Joseph, David, and Paul is that waiting upon the Lord has eternal rewards.;Charles Stanley;patience
Clearly older women and especially older women who have led an active life or elder women who successfully maneuver through their own family life have so much to teach us about sharing, patience, and wisdom.;Alice Walker;patience
I'd like to be more patient! I just want everything now. I've tried to meditate, but it's really hard for me to stay still. I'd like to try to force myself to do it, because everybody says how wonderful meditation is for you, but I can't shut my mind up. So patience and learning is the key.;Ellen DeGeneres;patience
I have not the smarts or patience for political office.;Henry Rollins;patience
Affliction is the wholesome soil of virtue, where patience, honor, sweet humility, and calm fortitude, take root and strongly flourish.;David Mallet;patience
I think you can judge from somebody's actions a kind of a stability and sense of purpose perhaps created by strong religious roots. I mean, there's a certain patience, a certain discipline, I think, that religion helps you achieve.;George W. Bush;patience
As anyone who has ever been around a cat for any length of time well knows, cats have enormous patience with the limitations of the human kind.;Cleveland Amory;patience
Patience is the art of concealing your impatience.;Guy Kawasaki;patience
Patience has its limits, take it too far and it's cowardice.;Holbrook Jackson;patience
With love and patience, nothing is impossible.;Daisaku Ikeda;patience
When I was 20, I thought I was 30 - but I was so far from it. When you're young, you want everything to happen now. As you mature, you can look back and see all the great things you achieved with time and patience.;Elisha Cuthbert;patience
You can learn many things from children. How much patience you have, for instance.;Franklin P. Jones;patience
Teach us, O Lord, the disciplines of patience, for to wait is often harder than to work.;Peter Marshall;patience
I have declared that patience is never more than patient. I too have declared, that I who am not patient am patient.;Gertrude Stein;patience
It is impossible to practice parliamentary politics without having patience, decency, politeness and courtesy.;Khaleda Zia;patience
I have all the patience in the world about Sirens. For me it's not a Grateful Dead project, it's a Me project.;Jerry Garcia;patience
The principle part of faith is patience.;George MacDonald;patience
Hopelessness has surprised me with patience.;Margaret J. Wheatley;patience
Find patience in the breath of life.;Ryunosuke Satoro;patience
The greatest power is often simple patience.;E. Joseph Cossman;patience
How can a society that exists on instant mashed potatoes, packaged cake mixes, frozen dinners, and instant cameras teach patience to its young?;Paul Sweeney;patience
