We forget that what matters begins with the imagination.;Terry Brooks;imagination
I want to kick-start your imagination and let you discover the places it can take you.;Terry Brooks;imagination
Imagination is as good as many voyages - and how much cheaper!;George William Curtis;imagination
I've never taken any issue off the table for lack of suitability. Only for lack of imagination.;Garry Trudeau;imagination
They seem much rarer now, those auteur films that come out of a director's imagination and are elliptical and hermetic. All those films that got me into independent cinema when I was watching it seem thin on the ground.;Toby Jones;imagination
I always wanted to ride a dragon myself, so I decided to do this for a year in my imagination.;Cornelia Funke;imagination
Just about this time, when in imagination I was so great a warrior, I had good use in real life for more strength, as I was no longer taken to school by the nurse, but instead had myself to protect my brother, two years my junior.;Georg Brandes;imagination
I hope that I'm sexy in a different kind of way than I think that a lot of girls are right now. I think a lot of girls in the public eye, especially musical artists, are just kind of objectified a little bit and wearing super-skimpy outfits and leaving nothing to the imagination.;Emmy Rossum;imagination
Only in your imagination can you revise.;Fay Wray;imagination
It's a great excuse and luxury, having a job and blaming it for your inability to do your own art. When you don't have to work, you are left with the horror of facing your own lack of imagination and your own emptiness. A devastating possibility when finally time is your own.;Julian Schnabel;imagination
The peculiar fascination which the South held over my imagination and my limited capital decided me in favor of Atlanta University so about the last of September I bade farewell to the friends and scenes of my boyhood and boarded a train for the South.;James Weldon Johnson;imagination
But I'm never gonna get to a point in my life where what it costs to shoot a movie is going to determine what it is. The limits of my imagination is the only thing that's gonna stop me.;Abel Ferrara;imagination
You have to just go with your imagination, where your instinct takes you.;Peter Mullan;imagination
Death is the tyrant of the imagination.;Barry Cornwall;imagination
Well, the fact is that one imagination is critically important, and if you have had your imagination stimulated by what is basically a variety of subjects, you are much more amenable to accepting, to understanding and interacting with the realities of the world.;Ashley Judd;imagination
I'll confess right here that I secretly wish I'd have drawn a strip about a little boy with a fake tiger, going for adventures throughout the universe in spaceships of his imagination.;Berkeley Breathed;imagination
Fairy tales opened up a door into my imagination - they don't conform to the reality that's around you as a child. I started reading when I was three and read everything, but I wanted to be an actress.;Kate Atkinson;imagination
Busted is not the ideal band I'd like to be in by any stretch of the imagination.;Charlie Simpson;imagination
Charles Laughton, who's a great hero of mine, only ever made one film and it happens to be one of the great films ever, which is 'The Night of the Hunter.' It's full of his kind of imagination and creation and how you do things and just in the way he used the studio, I just thought it was a fantastical way of using the studio.;Brian Cox;imagination
I think I'm an actor because I have very strong imagination and empathy. I never studied acting, but those two qualities are exactly the qualities that make for an activist.;Susan Sarandon;imagination
The moment of inspiration can come from memory, or language, or the imagination, or experience - anything that makes an impression forcibly enough for language to form.;Carol Ann Duffy;imagination
President Reagan was a leader at a time when the American people most needed leadership. He outlined a vision that captured the imagination of the free world, a vision that toppled the Communist empire and freed countless millions.;Dennis Hastert;imagination
So much of what we do as artists is a combination of personal experience and imagination, and how that all creeps into your work is not so linear.;Diana Krall;imagination
I've never really had a problem with the imagination level of an audience. They're always smarter and savvier than any studio exec will give them credit for.;James Van Der Beek;imagination
It is not enough to know your craft - you have to have feeling. Science is all very well, but for us imagination is worth far more.;Edouard Manet;imagination
I have deliberately left Sylvester and Julia's appearances to the reader's imagination.;Mary Wesley;imagination
Imagination which comes into play in falling in love is different from any other. Certainly in my case, and I've fallen in love all my life, one imagines the person to be as you want them to be. They frequently turn out to be someone different, for better or worse.;Mary Wesley;imagination
My life has been a gift up to this point, and I've been blessed beyond my wildest imagination. And wherever this ride takes me is where I'm going.;Sean Hannity;imagination
A place makes a deep impression on you when you're young. It lives with you. It's like your childhood. It fertilises the imagination.;Richard Eyre;imagination
For some reason I can't explain, artist and musicians tend to look younger than our age. Being in music, you need this youthful sense of discovery and wonder for what you're doing and keep your imagination open. That's a youthful way of looking at life and I think that reflects in how you age.;Joshua Bell;imagination
On 'Into The Wild' I spent months risking my life and on 'Speed Racer' I spent 60 days acting in front of a green screen. No danger to my physical self, but I sure had to use my imagination.;Emile Hirsch;imagination
We also maintain - again with perfect truth - that mystery is more than half of beauty, the element of strangeness that stirs the senses through the imagination.;Richard Le Gallienne;imagination
Then there was Clark Ashton Smith, who wrote for Weird Tales and who had a wild imagination. He wasn't a very talented writer, but his imagination was wonderful.;Jack Vance;imagination
The thing about imagination is that by the very act of putting it down, there must be some truth in one's own imagination.;Dennis Potter;imagination
I mean, the most important thing to me is imagination.;Rob Walton;imagination
You'd have to have one hell of an imagination to completely make up a story, but historians are very anal about what they think should be portrayed on screen. Thankfully they don't make movies we do.;Dougray Scott;imagination
They are imaginary characters. But perhaps not solely the products of my imagination, since there are some aspects of the characters that relate to my own experience of a wide variety of people.;Margaret Mahy;imagination
I didn't really hear any other music other than what my dad was working on until I was 12. My recollection of hearing other music was that I liked some things that I heard but I always thought, 'Where's the rest of it?' It didn't have the same amount of detail or instrumentation or imagination in the arrangements.;Dweezil Zappa;imagination
The costume that I wear on the show is a little snug and doesn't leave a whole lot to the imagination. I don't have a problem with it because of the way this character's been written.;Jeri Ryan;imagination
Imagination needs to be fed.;Barbara Januszkiewicz;imagination
The artist must bow to the monster of his own imagination.;Richard Wright;imagination
I've studied a technique called the Sanford Miesner technique, that teaches you how to focus. It's mainly about daydreaming. And the technique's really about imaginary circumstances. Using your imagination to sort of daydream about stuff. It makes you emotional in a scene.;Sam Rockwell;imagination
In my imagination yes, I remember, when I was six years old, I was conducting all this concert in my house. But now it's real.;Gustavo Dudamel;imagination
My true function within a society which embraces all of us is to continue an age-old tradition. This tradition is to create images from the depths of the imagination and to give them form, whether visual, intellectual or musical.;Michael Tippett;imagination
Shakespeare fascinated me. He hardly ever left the country. His imagination was worldwide though reading.;Michael Tippett;imagination
I'm a better coach now than when I joined Celtic. The longer you stay in any job, the better you become. If you lose your drive, your enthusiasm, your imagination, that experience is no good.;Gordon Strachan;imagination
There is no connection between the political ideas of our educated class and the deep places of the imagination.;Lionel Trilling;imagination
Poetry is that art which selects and arranges the symbols of thought in such a manner as to excite the imagination the most powerfully and delightfully.;William C. Bryant;imagination
Sooner or later you must move down an unknown road that leads beyond the range of the imagination, and the only certainty is that the trip has to be made.;Bruce Catton;imagination
I've always had an active imagination.;Rickie Lee Jones;imagination
The Grateful Dead, they're my best friends. Their message of hope, peace, love, teamwork, creativity, imagination, celebration, the dance, the vision, the purpose, the passion all of the things I believe in makes me the luckiest Deadhead in the world.;Bill Walton;imagination
Well, I think that - I think leadership's always been about two main things: imagination and courage.;Paul Keating;imagination
Our fears are an amazing gift of the imagination... a way of glimpsing what might be the future when there's still time to influence how that future will play out.;Karen Thompson Walker;imagination
What does it mean to be Catholic and not a Catholic? I feel adrift, homeless. My Catholic imagination allows me to see the soul as a lit breath, seeking the divine. It persists.;Julianna Baggott;imagination
Our imaginations are strong as children. Sometimes they get shoved aside, these imaginations. They get dusty and mildewed with age. The imagination is a muscle that has to be put to use or it shrivels.;Julianna Baggott;imagination
You never quite know what's going to strike your imagination, or something that won't going to leave you alone, not going to leave alone, and this was one for me.;Peter Shaffer;imagination
To think the world therefore a general Bedlam, or place of madmen, and oneself a physician, is the most necessary point of present wisdom: an important imagination, and the way to happiness.;Thomas Traherne;imagination
In many cases your imagination is much more effective than what can be shown. It primes you to know something is about to happen - the anticipation and anxiety is worse than what ends up happening.;Oren Peli;imagination
To think, and to feel, constitute the two grand divisions of men of genius - the men of reasoning and the men of imagination.;Isaac D'Israeli;imagination
The way that a handful of corporations in Los Angeles dictate how our stories are told creates a real poverty of imagination and it's a big problem.;Alex Cox;imagination
It will take some time before a politician will capture the imagination of the American people and have the vision and understanding to do what is necessary for a better future for the people of America and the world.;David Korten;imagination
Writing poetry is the hard manual labor of the imagination.;Ishmael Reed;imagination
The human mind evolved always in the company of the human body, and of the animal body before it was human. The intricate connections of mind and body must exceed our imagination, as from our point of view we are peculiarly prevented from observing them.;John Desmond Bernal;imagination
War, except in self-defense, is a failure of moral imagination.;Bill Moyers;imagination
Some of my high school teachers did remind me that I had an excellent imagination when it came to making up excuses.;David E. Kelley;imagination
He brought imagination to the story of the Creation.;Harvey Keitel;imagination
Let me just say that to imagine racism does not exist is imagination. And to imagine that it does not create its own set of problems is true imagination. So let's not imagine that racism is gone, extinguished, because it's not. We are seeing this in the top levels of the political arena, and we are seeing it very, very plainly.;Phylicia Rashad;imagination
What's in front of you is a whole world of experiences beyond your imagination. Put yourself, and your growth and development, first.;Phylicia Rashad;imagination
Even the highest forms of sacrificial worship present much that is repulsive to modern ideas, and in particular it requires an effort to reconcile our imagination to the bloody ritual which is prominent in almost every religion which has a strong sense of sin.;William Robertson Smith;imagination
Woman is the sun, an extraordinary creature, one that makes the imagination gallop.;Marcello Mastroianni;imagination
Many Nobel Prizes are awaiting good research to understand and explain the many mysteries of our bodies, such as the basic mechanism of memory or imagination.;John Cameron;imagination
The really great writers are people like Emily Bronte who sit in a room and write out of their limited experience and unlimited imagination.;James A. Michener;imagination
Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luck, a good physique, and not too much imagination.;Christopher Isherwood;imagination
While F.D.R. once told Americans that we have nothing to fear but fear itself, Mr. Ashcroft is delighted to play the part of Fear Itself, an assignment in which he lets his imagination run riot.;Frank Rich;imagination
I love our shared island, our shared Ireland and its core decency. I love it for its imagination and its celebration of the endless possibilities for our people.;Michael D. Higgins;imagination
Every view, and every object I studied attentively, by viewing them again and again on every side, for I was anxious to make a lasting impression of it on my imagination.;Karl Philipp Moritz;imagination
Technology, like art, is a soaring exercise of the human imagination.;Daniel Bell;imagination
Much that we read of Russia is imagination and desire only.;Agnes Smedley;imagination
Cooking with kids is not just about ingredients, recipes, and cooking. It's about harnessing imagination, empowerment, and creativity.;Guy Fieri;imagination
Ideas seem to come from everywhere - my life, everything I see, hear, and read, and most of all, from my imagination. I have a lot of imagination.;Judy Blume;imagination
Although I do not have a family, I have eyes, ears and imagination, and know, as most people know, that the importance of one's children is paramount.;Lara St. John;imagination
To put down an ideogram of a table so that people will recognize it as a table is not the work of a painter, but to sense it for a moment as a magic carpet with a leg hanging down at each corner is the beginning of a painter's imagination.;Frank Auerbach;imagination
Obviously the facts are never just coming at you but are incorporated by an imagination that is formed by your previous experience. Memories of the past are not memories of facts but memories of your imaginings of the facts.;Philip Roth;imagination
Suffering, it turns out, demands profound imagination. A new future has to be conjured up because the old future isn't there anymore.;Rob Bell;imagination
Writing gives me the opportunity to explore ideas, play with language, solve problems, use my imagination, and draw on my own childhood.;Jack Prelutsky;imagination
Then I decided to draw from and on my own imagination, and everything came out perfect.;Jack Prelutsky;imagination
The openness of rural Nebraska certainly influenced me. That openness, in a way, fosters the imagination. But growing up, Lincoln wasn't a small town. It was a college town. It had record stores and was a liberal place.;Matthew Sweet;imagination
A disaster where marble has been substituted for imagination.;Ada Louise Huxtable;imagination
No matter how mistaken Communist ideas may be, the experience and knowledge gained by trying them out have given a tremendous impetus to thought and imagination.;Anne Sullivan Macy;imagination
Now it is quite clear to me that there are no solid spheres in the heavens, and those that have been devised by the authors to save the appearances, exist only in the imagination.;Tycho Brahe;imagination
The question is how to bring a work of imagination out of one language that was just as taken-for-granted by the persons who used it as our language is by ourselves. Nothing strange about it.;Robert Fitzgerald;imagination
It's definitely true that there are a lot of the devices we used on 'Star Trek,' that came out the imagination of the writers, and the creators that are actually in the world today.;LeVar Burton;imagination
Reading a hard copy book, and reading a book on an iPad are slightly different experiences. What they both have in common though is that you must engage your imagination in the process.;LeVar Burton;imagination
In the beginning, we had a great deal of freedom, and Jerry wrote completely out of his imagination - very, very freely. We even had no editorial supervision to speak of, because they were in such a rush to get the thing in before deadline. But later on we were restricted.;Joe Shuster;imagination
In this drawing we just let our imagination run wild. We visualized Superman toys, games, and a radio show - that was before TV - and Superman movies. We even visualized Superman billboards. And it's all come true.;Joe Shuster;imagination
'Avatar' is the greatest, most comprehensive collection of movie cliches ever assembled, but it's put together in a brand new way with a new technology, and tremendous imagination, making it a true epic and a kind of a milestone.;Joe Dante;imagination
Painting and sculpture are very archaic forms. It's the only thing left in our industrial society where an individual alone can make something with not just his own hands, but brains, imagination, heart maybe.;Philip Guston;imagination
I feel very warm towards Mum and Dad for giving us the independence they did. My childhood, and the fact we didn't have a TV, gave me a boundless imagination.;Dido Armstrong;imagination
That neither our thoughts, nor passions, nor ideas formed by the imagination, exist without the mind, is what every body will allow.;George Berkeley;imagination
