Poetry does not consist of words alone there must be sentiment and fancy, combination and arrangement.;Samuel Prout;poetry
I'd always loved poetry and I'd always loved writing music and composing music, but I hadn't thought of putting the two together until around that time.;Bruce Cockburn;poetry
In rap music, even though the element of poetry is very strong, so is the element of the drum, the implication of the dance. Without the beat, its commercial value would certainly be more tenuous.;Archie Shepp;poetry
The trouble with us in America isn't that the poetry of life has turned to prose, but that it has turned to advertising copy.;Louis Kronenberger;poetry
It all has to do with art - writing, painting, things I've done for a long time but just never had enough time to pursue. I have poetry - things that are designed for songs, but they're always poems first.;Jason Newsted;poetry
The poetry and transgression that was so much of surrealism's anarchic force has been recruited into mainstream culture. It has been made commonplace by television and magazine merchandising, by computer games and Internet visuals, by film and MTV, by the fashion shoot.;Graham Joyce;poetry
I've got a book of poetry by the bed, one of these big collections that goes back to the Greeks and Romans.;Martin C. Smith;poetry
Lapped in poetry, wrapped in the picturesque, armed with logical sentences and inalienable words.;Anatole Broyard;poetry
Poetry is a totally different art than film.;Stan Brakhage;poetry
Music is more emotional than prose, more revolutionary than poetry. I'm not saying I've got the answers, just a of questions that I don't hear other artists asking.;Malcolm Wilson;poetry
That poetry survived in its formal agencies finally, and that prose survived to get something said.;Robert Creeley;poetry
I do actually dabble in a bit of poetry! And I'm yet to pen a script, but it is something that I've been telling myself I want to do.;Luke Treadaway;poetry
I love to write poetry.;Shayne Ward;poetry
I have epiphanies all the time, because I'm always thinking. I'm a thinker. I'm always writing poetry, I'm always coming to conclusions.;Chrisette Michele;poetry
The higher Greek poetry did not make up fictitious plots its business was to express the heroic saga, the myths.;Gilbert Murray;poetry
Poetry is man's rebellion against being what he is.;James Branch Cabell;poetry
We are looking to brands for poetry and for spirituality, because we're not getting those things from our communities or from each other.;Naomi Klein;poetry
I'd never really been content with just churning out these slim volumes every three or four years. I've always tried to think of poetry as an active ingredient in the language rather than just something that appears between the covers of thin books.;Simon Armitage;poetry
People who read poetry, for example, like the feel, the heft and the smell of a book.;Simon Armitage;poetry
If you were going to choose a way of making your way in this world and a place to start from, you might not choose poetry and you might not choose Huddersfield.;Simon Armitage;poetry
The poetry of heroism appeals irresistibly to those who don't go to a war, and even more to those whom the war is making enormously wealthy. It's always so.;Louis-Ferdinand Celine;poetry
The arts generally have had to recognize Modernism - how should poetry escape?;John C. Ransom;poetry
And how can poetry stand up against its new conditions? Its position is perfectly precarious.;John C. Ransom;poetry
It is a happy thing that there is no royal road to poetry. The world should know by this time that one cannot reach Parnassus except by flying thither.;Gerard Manley Hopkins;poetry
I think that one possible definition of our modern culture is that it is one in which nine-tenths of our intellectuals can't read any poetry.;Randall Jarrell;poetry
The cliche is dead poetry.;Gerald Brenan;poetry
Probably induced by the asthma, I started reading and writing early on, my literary efforts from the age of about nine running chiefly to poetry and plays.;Patrick White;poetry
Fiction will always be my greatest love, with poetry close behind.;J. Courtney Sullivan;poetry
I read as much poetry as time allows and circumstance dictates: No heartache can pass without a little Dorothy Parker, no thunderstorm without W. H. Auden, no sleepless night without W. B. Yeats.;J. Courtney Sullivan;poetry
Reading poetry gives me a sense of calm, well-being, and love for humanity - the same stuff more flexible women get from yoga.;J. Courtney Sullivan;poetry
Publishing the lyric books, poetry or comics of other musicians I know. That's the thing I really want to break into!;Frank Iero;poetry
Short fiction is the medium I love the most, because it requires that I bring everything I've learned about poetry - the concision, the ability to say something as vividly as possible - but also the ability to create a narrative that, though lacking a novel's length, satisfies the reader.;Ron Rash;poetry
Let my life as Poet begin. I want the life of the Poet. I have labored for over twelve years, one thousand pages of prose. Now, I want the easiness of poetry. The brevity of the poem.;Maxine Hong Kingston;poetry
All the modern verse plays, they're terrible they're mostly about the poetry. It's more important that the play is first.;Denis Johnson;poetry
Poetry is a mixture of common sense, which not all have, with an uncommon sense, which very few have.;John Masefield;poetry
Since the printing press came into being, poetry has ceased to be the delight of the whole community of man it has become the amusement and delight of the few.;John Masefield;poetry
Poetry is innocent, not wise. It does not learn from experience, because each poetic experience is unique.;Karl Shapiro;poetry
Poetry proceeds from the totality of man, sense, imagination, intellect, love, desire, instinct, blood and spirit together.;Jacques Maritain;poetry
And inasmuch as the bridge is a symbol of all such poetry as I am interested in writing it is my present fancy that a year from now I'll be more contented working in an office than ever before.;Hart Crane;poetry
To a poet the mere making of a poem can seem to solve the problem of truth, but only a problem of art is solved in poetry.;Laura Riding;poetry
The end of poetry is not to create a physical condition which shall give pleasure to the mind... The end of poetry is not an after-effect, not a pleasurable memory of itself, but an immediate, constant and even unpleasant insistence upon itself.;Laura Riding;poetry
Poetry brings all possible experience to the same degree: a degree in the consciousness beyond which the consciousness itself cannot go.;Laura Riding;poetry
No art form points like poetry to this originality of language as to its essential and abiding concern.;Thomas Harrison;poetry
Society's dark hull drifts further and further away. It is this place - the place of our separation, our distinction - that much of his poetry occupies.;Tomas Transtromer;poetry
Poetry says the things that I can't say. I read a lot, but I never write it.;Trevor McDonald;poetry
Conversation may be compared to a lyre with seven chords - philosophy, art, poetry, love, scandal, and the weather.;Anna Jameson;poetry
Poetry is one of the few nasty childhood habits I've managed to grow out of.;Tom Holt;poetry
I despair of ever writing excellent poetry.;Isaac Rosenberg;poetry
I will not leave a corner of my consciousness covered up, but saturate myself with the strange and extraordinary new conditions of this life, and it will all refine itself into poetry later on.;Isaac Rosenberg;poetry
Nobody ever told me what to read, or ever put poetry in my way.;Isaac Rosenberg;poetry
If I do a poetry reading I want people to walk out and say they feel better for having been there - not because you've done a comedy performance but because you're talking about your father dying or having young children, things that touch your soul.;Roger McGough;poetry
Whereas with poetry no one has to show anybody really, and you don't have to tell anyone you're doing it.;Roger McGough;poetry
What she did was to open our eyes to details of country life such as teaching us names of wild flowers and getting us to draw and paint and learn poetry.;Laurie Lee;poetry
Well, if this is poetry, I'm certainly never going to write any myself.;James Schuyler;poetry
Poetry had far better imply things than preach them directly... in the open pulpit her voice grows hoarse and fails.;F. L. Lucas;poetry
Prior to Wordsworth, humor was an essential part of poetry. I mean, they don't call them Shakespeare comedies for nothing.;William Collins;poetry
I think that the job of poetry, its political job, is to refresh the idea of justice, which is going dead in us all the time.;Robert Hass;poetry
All I knew about Ethiopia was from a few records that I like, as well as what I read about the famine. But you get there and it's another world. It's filled with art and music and poetry and intellectuals and writers - all kinds of people.;Flea;poetry
But poetry is a way of language, it is not its subject or its maker's background or interests or hobbies or fixations. It is nearer to utterance than history.;Thomas Lynch;poetry
Some Marines made fun of the fact that I had done plays and studied poetry, but then I won the award for physical training.;David Hunt;poetry
One of the things I've always liked about my husband is he's very good at lots of stuff. He was an English teacher when I met him. He wrote poetry and played the guitar. As time went on, he decided to go into economics, so he's very analytical and mathematical in addition to his artsy side.;Ally Condie;poetry
I see architecture not as Gropius did, as a moral venture, as truth, but as invention, in the same way that poetry or music or painting is invention.;Michael Graves;poetry
Well, I like to write poetry. I'm a published poet.;Misha Collins;poetry
Well I guess the plan was to write poetry and publish books and make a living from writing poetry. That was a pretty ambitious plan I guess.;Robert Adamson;poetry
Well - I started writing - probably in the early 60s and by say '65-'66 I had read most of the poetry that had been published - certainly in the 20 years prior to that.;Robert Adamson;poetry
There's one of my new poems actually - is a good example of where my poetry has ended up. My earlier river poetry was more like a cross between Shelley and Dylan Thomas.;Robert Adamson;poetry
I was kind of an outcast in school 'cause I always kept to myself and was writing poetry and then going on tour with my brother band all the time, so kids didn't know what to make of me.;Christina Perri;poetry
I wish you would read a little poetry sometimes. Your ignorance cramps my conversation.;Anthony Hope;poetry
I used to joke that if acting didn't work out, poetry was my commonsense fallback.;Merritt Wever;poetry
Literature is a state of culture, poetry is a state of grace, before and after culture.;Juan Ramon Jimenez;poetry
Poetry's always dead, you know? You don't realize how good poetry is until 15 years later.;Richard Hell;poetry
Clarity, clarity, surely clarity is the most beautiful thing in the world, A limited, limiting clarity I have not and never did have any motive of poetry But to achieve clarity.;George Oppen;poetry
The first question at that time in poetry was simply the question of honesty, of sincerity.;George Oppen;poetry
Freedom is poetry, taking liberties with words, breaking the rules of normal speech, violating common sense. Freedom is violence.;Norman O. Brown;poetry
Stadium rock and commercial rock are the opposite of what poetry needs. An audience of around 200 is ideal for poetry.;Adrian Mitchell;poetry
I use rock and jazz and blues rhythms because I love that music. I hope my poetry has a relationship with good-time rock'n roll.;Adrian Mitchell;poetry
Reality only reveals itself when it is illuminated by a ray of poetry.;Georges Braque;poetry
Well, I write a lot of poetry - that's where it usually all starts. I definitely want to show you guys sides of me - love, loss, heartbreak - all of that good stuff!;Tristan Wilds;poetry
Too many people in the modern world view poetry as a luxury, not a necessity like petrol. But to me it's the oil of life.;John Betjeman;poetry
For poetry there exists neither large countries nor small. Its domain is in the heart of all men.;Giorgos Seferis;poetry
The urge to write poetry is like having an itch. When the itch becomes annoying enough, you scratch it.;Robert Penn Warren;poetry
My father had wanted to name me for Dylan Thomas. He had seen him speak on one of those drunken poetry tours he did.;Dylan Walsh;poetry
I found that it wasn't so oddball to like music and poetry and visual arts, they're kindred spirits.;J. Carter Brown;poetry
I think it was T.S. Eliot who talked about good poetry being felt before it's understood. I believe that. There are some bands where I love their lyrics but I don't have a clue what they're on about.;Marcus Mumford;poetry
I don't think Auden liked my poetry very much, he's very Anglican.;Stevie Smith;poetry
All poetry has to do is to make a strong communication. All the poet has to do is listen. The poet is not an important fellow. There will also be another poet.;Stevie Smith;poetry
Religion is no more possible without prayer than poetry without language, or music without atmosphere.;James Martineau;poetry
There's not a good poet I know who has not at the beck and call of his memory a vast quantity of poetry that composes his mental library.;Anthony Hecht;poetry
What is poetry which does not save nations or people?;Czeslaw Milosz;poetry
Theater and poetry were what helped people stay alive and want to go on living.;Vanessa Redgrave;poetry
I started off in England and very few people knew I was Australian. I mean, the clues were in the poems, but they didn't read them very carefully, and so for years and years I was considered completely part of the English poetry scene.;Peter Porter;poetry
Poetry is of so subtle a spirit, that in the pouring out of one language into another it will evaporate.;John Denham;poetry
Don't call my lyrics poetry. It's an insult to real poets.;Bernie Taupin;poetry
You don't go after poetry, you take what comes. Maybe the gods do it through me but I certainly do a hell of a lot of the work.;Phyllis Gotlieb;poetry
This career essentially chased me down while I was on the spoken-word scene in New York. I kept hearing that my delivery of my poetry - which was very personal and cathartic at the time- was very moving to folks. People thought that I was an actress because of my delivery, when I was just dropping into the work and really pouring out my soul.;Sonja Sohn;poetry
As I got older, I really got into Tupac's poetry, his books and just learning about his life and what he was into.;Jhene Aiko;poetry
Let me read you some of my poetry. My poetry just takes me to another level.;Rick Fox;poetry
Great poetry is always written by somebody straining to go beyond what he can do.;Stephen Spender;poetry
The mystic purchases a moment of exhilaration with a lifetime of confusion and the confusion is infectious and destructive. It is confusing and destructive to try and explain anything in terms of anything else, poetry in terms of psychology.;Basil Bunting;poetry
