Men and women who have served in harm's way experience higher rates of divorce and suicide. Many battle the debilitating effects and stigma associated with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder.;Ron Wyden;experience
No matter how close to personal experience a story might be, inevitably you are going to get to a part that isn't yours and, actually, whether it happened or not becomes irrelevant. It is all about choosing the right words.;Roddy Doyle;experience
The bullied straight kid goes home to a shoulder to cry on and support and can talk freely about his experience at school and why he's being bullied. I couldn't go home and open up to my parents.;Dan Savage;experience
When you go to the movies with your whole family, it's a different experience. For some reason, it's something that you're all doing together and you take away something special in that.;Vin Diesel;experience
Making an album should be an honest experience. It shouldn't be about trying to gauge where popular music is today it should be about artistic expression and putting down what you want to put down.;Scott Weiland;experience
My life path has been a blessing and a great learning experience. Skateboarding is my passion and I don't see that changing. When I'm not skating, I love to surf. I'm open to the new experiences and opportunities.;Ryan Sheckler;experience
However it is debased or misinterpreted, love is a redemptive feature. To focus on one individual so that their desires become superior to yours is a very cleansing experience.;Jeanette Winterson;experience
All of the legal defense funds out there, they're looking for people out there with court of appeals experience, because court of appeals is where policy is made. And I know, I know this is on tape and I should never say that because we don't make law, I know. I know.;Sonia Sotomayor;experience
Fun is to experience things you would not have been able to experience in any other setting.;Mike Krzyzewski;experience
I have this horrible sense of humor where I think discomfort is funny - partly because I experience discomfort a lot, and it's a way of laughing at it and getting a release.;Joaquin Phoenix;experience
I was emotionally and physically punched in the stomach. This is not a place where you go and deliver the lines and then you come back. It's kind of a life-changing experience. But it can't get better than this for any actor - this is like an opera.;Javier Bardem;experience
No characters in 'Stay Close,' including the leads, are black and white. I want them to be grey. I think that makes for a much more interesting reading experience, something that will stay with you a little bit longer.;Harlan Coben;experience
Fatigue is what we experience, but it is what a match is to an atomic bomb.;Laura Hillenbrand;experience
I have relationships with people I'm working with, based on our combined interest. It doesn't make the relationship any less sincere, but it does give it a focus that may not last beyond the experience.;Harrison Ford;experience
If we could only snap the fetters of the body that bind the feet of the soul, we shall experience a great joy. Then we shall not be miserable because of the body's sufferings. We shall become free.;Vinoba Bhave;experience
You have to experience life, make observations, and ask questions.;Mos Def;experience
Everybody's got one killer story. It doesn't take talent to tell that story, it just takes experience.;Kevin Smith;experience
Any place that anyone can learn something useful from someone with experience is an educational institution.;Al Capp;experience
We need creativity in order to break free from the temporary structures that have been set up by a particular sequence of experience.;Edward de Bono;experience
A great deal has been written in recent years about the purported lack of motivation in the children of the Negro ghettos. Little in my experience supports this, yet the phrase has been repeated endlessly, and the blame in almost all cases is placed somewhere outside the classroom.;Jonathan Kozol;experience
Though 'Fire and Rain' is very personal, for other people it resonates as a sort of commonly held experience... And that's what happens with me. I write things for personal reasons, and then in some cases it... can be a shared experience.;James Taylor;experience
I know there are people who don't like their audience or like the experience of being recognized or celebrated, but my audience has been very good - they don't bother me and when they do contact me it's usually on the nicest possible terms.;James Taylor;experience
Performing is a profound experience, at least for me. It's not as if I sit down and play 'Fire and Rain' by myself, just to hear it again. But to offer it up... the energy that it somehow summons live takes me right back, and I do get a reconnection to the emotions.;James Taylor;experience
Performing is a profound experience, at least for me.;James Taylor;experience
I've told people who have just started to make a film that the one thing you might experience is this feeling that everybody is conspiring against you, because you're not necessarily able to tell what's real and what's not.;Gus Van Sant;experience
The American experience influenced my understanding of individuality, basic human rights, freedom of expression and the rights and responsibilities of citizens.;Ai Weiwei;experience
My own experience is that a certain kind of genius among students is best brought out in bed.;Allen Ginsberg;experience
To the artist is sometimes granted a sudden, transient insight which serves in this matter for experience. A flash, and where previously the brain held a dead fact, the soul grasps a living truth! At moments we are all artists.;Arnold Bennett;experience
Anything that's different from your own realm of experience as a human being, whether it's driving a car or a boat, or using guns, anything that separates you from yourself and leads you more towards this character's existence is a big help.;Colin Farrell;experience
I remember when I took Quentin Tarantino with me to a very private screening of the documentary 'Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired,' which shows some of the legal irregularities of his case. I was involved by the film, and it was an amazing experience to see people weep at the end of it.;Harvey Weinstein;experience
What is truth? Truth doesn't really exist. Who is going to judge whether my experience of an incident is more valid than yours? No one can be trusted to be the judge of that.;Tracey Emin;experience
America is an idea. And it's the solemn responsibility of each 'temporary' president to protect and nurture that noblest of all ideas - with integrity. This man, Mitt Romney, has shown - not through his experience, but through his actions and words - that he is unqualified to carry out that responsibility.;Jennifer Granholm;experience
I absolutely believe in the power of tithing and giving back. My own experience about all the blessings I've had in my life is that the more I give away, the more that comes back. That is the way life works, and that is the way energy works.;Ken Blanchard;experience
Every day is a new experience and I take it as it comes.;Zac Efron;experience
Reading a book is like re-writing it for yourself. You bring to a novel, anything you read, all your experience of the world. You bring your history and you read it in your own terms.;Angela Carter;experience
Some of us are interested in directors, but really the vast majority of us are interested in actors. You experience the films through the actors, so they're all locked into your imagination in some kind of layer of fantasy or hatred or wherever they settle into your imagination.;Danny Boyle;experience
I don't want people to sit there and objectively watch the film. I want them to experience it as something that's under their skin, so you try to make the films really tactile.;Danny Boyle;experience
You experience the films through the actors, so they're all locked into your imagination in some kind of layer of fantasy or hatred or wherever they settle into your imagination.;Danny Boyle;experience
I think it's easy for people to assume that fame is equal to glory, but it can be a very isolating experience.;Sophia Bush;experience
Orlando's a really cool guy. They hired him for 'Lord of the Rings' out of drama school. He's very new at this still and doesn't have a lot of experience. So we were in this together and we've tried to help each other out. We felt very equal which was good.;Diane Kruger;experience
I have three goddaughters - I'm not sure why they trust me, because I have no experience with children - but I try.;Diane Kruger;experience
I left Jamaica for a while, because as an artist I need to experience different things, see the world, have different energies. Living in one place is not good for me.;Ziggy Marley;experience
I always considered myself as a character actor. I always try to be versatile to show different sides of human experience.;Robert Duvall;experience
I think I can make an entirely new game experience, and if I can't do it, some other game designer will.;Shigeru Miyamoto;experience
I don't think as a creator that I could create an experience that truly feels interactive if you don't have something to hold in your hand, if you don't have something like force feedback that you can feel from the controller.;Shigeru Miyamoto;experience
Games have grown and developed from this limited in-the-box experience to something that's everywhere now. Interactive content is all around us, networked, ready. This is something I've been hoping for throughout my career.;Shigeru Miyamoto;experience
The spectacles of experience through them you will see clearly a second time.;Henrik Ibsen;experience
I'm a very passionate believer in the unity of knowledge. There is one world of reality - one world of our experience that we're seeking to describe.;John Polkinghorne;experience
Bottom up thinkers try to start from experience and move from experience to understanding. They don't start with certain general principles they think beforehand are likely to be true they just hope to find out what reality is like.;John Polkinghorne;experience
When I'm home on a break, I lock myself in my room and play guitar. After two or three hours, I start getting into this total meditation. It's a feeling few people experience, and that's usually when I come up with weird stuff. It just flows. I can't force myself. I don't sit down and say I've got to practice.;Eddie Van Halen;experience
A lot of people fear death because they think that so overwhelming an experience has to be painful, but I've seen quite a few deaths, and, with one exception, I've never known anyone to undergo anything like agony. That's amazing when you think about it. I mean, how complicated the mechanism is that's being taken apart.;Lewis Thomas;experience
But beginners to the World Economics Forum have to understand there is no single Davos experience, and there is no single Davos community either. There are numerous tribes who interact only at a minimal level.;Evan Davis;experience
It's always an interesting experience for a politician to be heard in silence, I have to say.;Theresa May;experience
It's a very small and select slice of all the people who have ever been born. I believe we've come back during this time, those of us who are here now, specifically to experience it. And to cause a 'quickening of the spirit.';Neale Donald Walsch;experience
I wanted to experience New York, to look up and see buildings.;Haile Gebrselassie;experience
A rare experience of a moment at daybreak, when something in nature seems to reveal all consciousness, cannot be explained at noon. Yet it is part of the day's unity.;Charles Ives;experience
I think I have a tendency to look at things subjectively rather than objectively when I reflect on my experience.;Ricky Williams;experience
Age should not have its face lifted, but it should rather teach the world to admire wrinkles as the etchings of experience and the firm line of character.;Clarence Day;experience
Age is only a number, a cipher for the records. A man can't retire his experience. He must use it. Experience achieves more with less energy and time.;Bernard Baruch;experience
Women artists need to break barriers in order for women's experience to be valuable.;Liz Phair;experience
I think generally I'm kind of interested in subjective experience, what goes on inside someone's head, that being all they really know of the world.;Charlie Kaufman;experience
The wisdom and experience of older people is a resource of inestimable worth. Recognizing and treasuring the contributions of older people is essential to the long-term flourishing of any society.;Daisaku Ikeda;experience
A commitment to human rights cannot be fostered simply through the transmission of knowledge. Action and experience play a crucial role in the learning process.;Daisaku Ikeda;experience
Writing a novel is a terrible experience, during which the hair often falls out and the teeth decay.;Flannery O'Connor;experience
Lord of the Rings was my first experience making movies and at the time, I had no ideas how movies were done. I thought that's the way they're done, so in a way, I had nothing to compare it to.;Orlando Bloom;experience
I'm not particularly precious about the theatrical experience any more.;Edward Norton;experience
A lot of why I do something is just the novelty of the experience.;Edward Norton;experience
Every experience feeds an actor, and I've learned that depression is all around us.;Bryan Cranston;experience
I want to be able to experience everything. I want to experience being a husband, experience being a father, experience, maybe, hopefully, someday being a grandfather, and all those things. I want that experience. When I die, I want to be exhausted.;Bryan Cranston;experience
All experience is subjective.;Gregory Bateson;experience
We have that illusion that we are 'deciding' what to make a character do, in order to 'convey our message' or something like that. But, at least in my experience, you are often more like a river-rafting guide who's been paid a bonus to purposely steer your clients into the roughest possible water.;George Saunders;experience
If you haven't read you don't have the voice. The lack of voice eliminates experience.;George Saunders;experience
Although our inattention can contribute to our lack of total well-being, we also have the power to choose positive behaviors and responses. In that choice we change our every experience of life!;Greg Anderson;experience
I'm very accepting with my age. It's like notches on your belt: experience, wisdom, and a different kind of beauty. There comes a day when you've become comfortable in your skin.;Zoe Saldana;experience
A statesman wants courage and a statesman wants vision but believe me, after six months' experience, he wants first, second, third and all the time - patience.;Stanley Baldwin;experience
Through the years of experience I have found that air offers less resistance than dirt.;Jack Nicklaus;experience
You have to trust your kids. They have to experience life, and you just hope you've provided them a foundation for what's right and what isn't.;Jack Nicklaus;experience
I had great faith in Irish actors, that they'd be hip to the whole theatre thing, and they are. I had no illusions of coming over here as some kind of big shot. It's been a learning experience for me too.;Christopher Meloni;experience
You can live your whole life in your brain and not experience what's around you. You go crazy that way.;Fiona Apple;experience
No matter how vital experience might be while you lived it, no sooner was it ended and dead than it became as lifeless as the piles of dry dust in a school history book.;Ellen Glasgow;experience
Doesn't all experience crumble in the end to mere literary material?;Ellen Glasgow;experience
I started off on stage because it was the only work I could get. I haven't been back for 11 years. I think any stage experience is good experience, as far as being an actor is concerned.;Tim Roth;experience
No one ever pretended that shopping for anything is a rational experience. If it were, would there be Fluffernutter? Laceless sneakers? Porkpie hats? Would the Chia Pet even exist?;Jeffrey Kluger;experience
My own life has in some ways been a decades-long tour of the sibling experience. I have full sibs, I have half-sibs, and for a time I had step-sibs.;Jeffrey Kluger;experience
There are a lot of obstacles in the way of our understanding animal intelligence - not the least being that we can't even agree whether nonhuman species are conscious. We accept that chimps and dolphins experience awareness we like to think dogs and cats do. But what about mice and newts? What about a fly? Is anything going on there at all?;Jeffrey Kluger;experience
As with real reading, the ability to comprehend subtlety and complexity comes only with time and a lot of experience. If you don't adequately acquire those skills, moving out into the real world of real people can actually become quite scary.;Jeffrey Kluger;experience
Bringing an end to the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians may help the young Arab generation to realise their aspirations. Israel is more than willing to offer our experience in building a modern economy in spite of limited resources to the whole region.;Shimon Peres;experience
I like directors who have worked as actors. They know the experience.;Gabrielle Union;experience
Yes, I've listened to just a few audiobooks - but hope to listen to more. I've wanted to investigate how my own books sound in this format and find the experience of listening, and not reading, quite fascinating.;Joyce Carol Oates;experience
There's no wrong way to experience a film.;Vera Farmiga;experience
I wouldn't say I'm a very original thinker, but if I have a good experience with something, I'll want to take it further or adapt it in some way.;Gwyneth Paltrow;experience
For me, titles are either a natural two-second experience or stressful enough to give you an ulcer. If they don't pop out perfect on the first try, they can be really hard to repair. Or, worse, if the author thinks they pop out perfect, but the publishing house does not agree, it's difficult to shift gears. And then? Then you go insane.;Sloane Crosley;experience
Stories have always been the things that entertain me and make me feel happy and sad and move me and give me the experience of being able to live many lives in one lifetime. It's the best thing about being alive.;Michael Sheen;experience
If you're out there stressing on your pro day, then you're not going to perform well, so I plan on having a little fun. Play a little music while we're out there throwing the football, have everybody tapping their toes and bobbing their head and just go out there and make the most of the experience.;Robert Griffin III;experience
I find increasingly that the more extreme are the things going on in your life, the more cultural reference points fail you. More mythical reference points actually help, and you realise that's what myths are for. It's for human beings to process their experience in extremis.;Michael Sheen;experience
I think being a parent is the most challenging thing you do. That's why we're here. It's at the heart of what it is to be a human being. It's the ultimate experience because it questions everything about who you are. But it's difficult.;Michael Sheen;experience
If one area I felt it was a tough election was I couldn't see my young son and I couldn't see my wife a lot, but apart from that for her also it was an experience.;Imran Khan;experience
In fact the experience at Oxford has really helped me later in life.;Imran Khan;experience
I was quite able at the insignificant work I did in MI6, but absolutely dysfunctional in my domestic life. I had no experience of fatherhood. I had no example of marital bliss or the family unit.;John le Carre;experience
