So when bands work with me and it's 10 o'clock, usually you'd have to be getting out of the studio, we could go on until 2 in the morning cause it's my place!;Billy Sherwood;morning
Internet marketing entrepreneurs have truly opened my eyes to just how important a quick turnaround time can be. Often times, an interview they conduct with me today is online by the next morning. The interviewee is then able to start making money less than 24 hours after the initial interview.;Marc Ostrofsky;morning
One's age should be tranquil, as childhood should be playful. Hard work at either extremity of life seems out of place. At midday the sun may burn, and men labor under it but the morning and evening should be alike calm and cheerful.;Thomas Arnold;morning
You feel a little older in the morning. By noon I feel about 55.;Bob Dole;morning
When I wrote the song, I had the sea near Bombay in mind. We stayed at a hotel by the sea, and the fishermen come up at five in the morning and they were all chanting. And we went on the beach and we got chased by a mad dog - big as a donkey.;Ray Davies;morning
Well physically preparing for the role, definitely and then continuing to stay physically fit throughout filming, getting up, 4.00 4.30 in the morning.;Brandon Routh;morning
I got into shape because I took kick-boxing lessons every day to prepare for a fight scene with Taylor Lautner. I really wanted to lie down and eat Chinese food, but I kick-boxed every morning and ran. If someone was filming you with your kit off, you'd do the same thing.;Jason Isaacs;morning
He would use amphetamines to stay awake because he would have late night maneuvers that would go way into the early morning hours and he was given pills to stay up for the long hours.;Priscilla Presley;morning
Because my parents, growing up, they worked hard. Everyone in my family woke up early in the morning. I used to see my mother and my father go off to work, and come back and, no matter what, they had time for the kids.;Herschel Walker;morning
In the morning, I reach for the sports page.;Lisa Guerrero;morning
On my morning run, I listen to sports talk radio.;Lisa Guerrero;morning
I can't record in the morning because I sound like Barry White.;Toni Braxton;morning
Bagel in the morning is the ultimate breakfast for me they're just good.;Lee DeWyze;morning
I can write all the way through the morning, when my mind is clear, and there are no distractions.;Karen Thompson Walker;morning
I was half asleep lying there writing this lyric in my head at about 3:30 in the morning. I woke Steve up with this idea and then we went into the living room where there was a little upright piano and finished the song. I wonder where that piano is now?;Jim Capaldi;morning
Men and women were declared equal one morning and everybody could divorce each other by postcard.;Kate Millett;morning
I had a friend whose family had dinner together. The mother would tuck you in at night and make breakfast in the morning. They even had a spare bike for a friend. It just seemed so amazing to me.;Moon Unit Zappa;morning
Over the last four years, I've made a habit of coming into my office in the morning and just getting to work.;Seth Green;morning
Your enjoyment of the world is never right, till every morning you awake in Heaven: see yourself in your Father's palace and look upon the skies, the earth, and the air as celestial joys: having such a reverend esteem of all, as if you were among the angels.;Thomas Traherne;morning
Just this morning, out of a large memory for songs, and having been obsessed by them since childhood, suddenly, at the age of 84, I thought of a song I hadn't thought of in over 50 years. It came into my head unbidden.;Tom Glazer;morning
My poor vision gives me a soft-focus morning. For the first half hour, I kind of wander through my house, and everything is a blur. I put my contacts in when I'm ready to deal with the world.;Carrie Ann Inaba;morning
We all deal with issues of time. The first thing you do in the morning is look at the clock to see what time it is.;Jeremy Piven;morning
I got up one Christmas morning and we didn't have nothing to eat. We didn't have an apple, we didn't have an orange, we didn't have a cake, we didn't have nothing.;Muddy Waters;morning
And now the momentous day, a day to be forever remembered in the annals of the country, arrived. Early in the morning on the 1st of July the conflict began.;Edward Everett;morning
Holiday? Is like, what? I'm a hyperactive girl, so it may be boring for me to be on the beach doing nothing. I just need to find a place for three weeks and work but sleep in the morning, maybe write a little bit, have a glass of red wine. That's my perfect holiday.;Melanie Laurent;morning
I certainly don't sit around in the morning making pancakes listening to Whitehouse or anything.;Thurston Moore;morning
Among the New Hollanders whom we were thus engaged with, there was one who by his appearance and carriage, as well in the morning as this afternoon, seemed to be the chief of them, and a kind of prince or captain among them.;William Dampier;morning
We have this morning dropped anchor, just off Williamstown.;William John Wills;morning
It's interesting to wake up at 3 in the morning by someone saying they're a reporter and they want to know how you feel. I felt fine, but I said, 'Well, why do you ask?';Saul Perlmutter;morning
The first one, obviously, was walking into my office at eight o'clock in the morning on Wednesday, and being told there was a telephone call saying that there was an incident at Three Mile Island, and that it had shut down and that beyond that we didn't know.;William Scranton;morning
Another very strong image from the first day was giving my initial press conference in the morning - going down and finding out that everything I had said, the essence of what I had said, was wrong.;William Scranton;morning
What I had said in the morning was that this is what we know has happened, but there has been no significant off-site release. Only to find out moments later that, in fact, there had been an off-site release. I still haven't gotten over that.;William Scranton;morning
I was scheduled to give my first official press conference that morning anyway, 'cause I was chairman of the Governors Energy Council and I was making a press conference with regard to energy policy.;William Scranton;morning
And at ten, or whatever time, in the morning we had the press conference, what we knew is there had been an incident at Three Mile Island, that it was shut down, that there was water that had escaped but it was contained.;William Scranton;morning
I have got up at truly deplorable hours in the morning to confront Vancouver's Jack Webster on television because I have been told that is the place to get exposure for ideas.;Barbara Amiel;morning
The morning after my high-school graduation found me up early job hunting. The dream of college I put on the back burner.;Martha Reeves;morning
I went to dance classes from 9 in the morning until 1, then to school from 3 to 10 at night, always under the threat that if I failed a single course I could forget about dancing.;Victoria Abril;morning
When you have to get into the character each morning, give it your voice, your face, it was torture.;Victoria Abril;morning
I'll get up in the morning while they've all got hangovers and run my 5 miles. But the women who do run are usually 10 years younger than me and they're really obsessed about running. That's all they do. They're really boring.;Trisha Goddard;morning
Nothing is better than waking up in the morning and being excited to go into work.;Caprice Bourret;morning
Pharmaceutical companies are enjoying unprecedented profits and access with this Administration. Yet the Republicans' prescription drug plan for seniors has been a colossal failure, and over 43 million Americans wake up every morning without health insurance.;Jim Clyburn;morning
From 7 in the morning to 11 at night, I was reading. I don't think one can find any other time in one's life to be left alone so much to read in peace like that.;Mohsen Makhmalbaf;morning
It really means a lot that I won the gold medal - but I woke up the next morning expecting to feel different. I felt the same.;Dan O'Brien;morning
I often write either really early in the morning, or really late at night.;Tracy Chapman;morning
Do I believe in arbitration? I do. But not in arbitration between the lion and the lamb, in which the lamb is in the morning found inside the lion.;Samuel Gompers;morning
I feel a lot healthier when I'm having sex. Physically. I feel all these jitters when I wake up in the morning. Just energy jitters. I take vitamins, I work out every day. When I'm having sex, I don't have that.;Alyssa Milano;morning
I took prenatal yoga three times a week, including the morning I went into labor. It helped me stay comfortable.;Alyssa Milano;morning
I write in the morning from about eight till noon, and sometimes again a bit in the afternoon. In the morning I start off by going over what I had done the previous day, which my wife has happily typed up for me.;Gene Hackman;morning
To this day, I hate walnuts and I hate onions because on weekends when the walnuts and onions were in season, we were out there first thing in the morning and out there until the sun went down topping onions or picking walnuts.;Scott Brooks;morning
If I'm coming in at 4:00 in the morning and my kids have been in bed since 8:00, 9:00, that's not setting a good example. The responsibility that I have kids inside my household has made me realize now that I have to be an example.;Gary Sheffield;morning
I had no occasion for an apron on that morning.;Lizzie Andrew Borden;morning
In New York, I like it when you can get bagels at 3 in the morning.;Shepard Smith;morning
I sit down at my desk pretty early in the morning and write all day until about 4 or 5 p.m.;Jeannette Walls;morning
My wife gets pampered pretty well. She's had me trained since she was pregnant, when I started making her oatmeal with fresh berries every morning.;Michael Weatherly;morning
My host at Richmond, yesterday morning, could not sufficiently express his surprise that I intended to venture to walk as far as Oxford, and still farther. He however was so kind as to send his son, a clever little boy, to show me the road leading to Windsor.;Karl Philipp Moritz;morning
Another challenge? Getting up at 6:30 in the morning to go act. It's not fun acting that early in the morning or acting at 4 A.M in the middle of the night or in the morning when you're really tired. That's a challenge. What a luxurious problem to have.;George Eads;morning
If I can bring joy into the world, if I can get people to stop thinking about their pain for a moment, or the fact the tomorrow morning they're going to get up and tell their boss off... then I'll be successful.;Bobby McFerrin;morning
And the greeter is what sets the tone for this company and I've been on TV a little bit this morning.;Lee Scott;morning
I loved to read, and I think any child who loves to read will read anything, including the back of the cereal box, which I did every morning.;Judy Blume;morning
What I remember when I started to write was how I couldn't wait to get up in the morning to get to my characters.;Judy Blume;morning
I am on my way to Ghana tomorrow morning and you just need to know that this Administration is very focused on doing all we can to promote economic development in this part of the world, in Africa, throughout Africa, North Africa and sub-Saharan Africa.;Donald Evans;morning
Sometimes I lose a whole morning waiting on journalists and other people who look for me. But I always find some time for reading, talking to my friends and feeling what is happening in this world.;Oscar Niemeyer;morning
We were making new ones the second year. We were in syndication the second year. So we were on Saturday nights, prime time, every morning, and then they put it on Sunday evenings too. So it was all over the place.;Gavin MacLeod;morning
My joking answer to this question is that I leave a bowl of milk out on the back porch every night for the Idea Fairy. In the morning, the milk is gone and there's a brand-new shiny idea by the bowl.;Sarah Zettel;morning
Not in the mornings, I'm always so tired in the morning.;Ed O'Brien;morning
I live in Los Angeles, which is the second most polluted city in the world, and I wake up in the morning to dirt all over my window.;Ryan Tedder;morning
I'm going to get up every morning at 6:30 to work out. Then, when I've kept with it all week, I give myself something I really want, like a new handbag or a piece of jewelry I'm coveting.;Molly Sims;morning
We remained at our encampment of this day until the morning of the 7th, when we descended ten miles lower down and encamped on a spot of ground where several thousand Indians had wintered during the past season.;William Henry Ashley;morning
Marilyn Monroe was no fun to work with. She would report to work around 5:00 in the evening. You've been in make-up since 8:30 in the morning waiting for her.;Tony Randall;morning
Getting out of bed in the morning is an act of false confidence.;Jules Feiffer;morning
You get up about 2-3 o'clock in the morning and get through about 7 or 8 and 12 hours later you start all over. That's the worst kind of work a person can do. You have to do these two shifts to get one day.;Buck Owens;morning
One morning I woke up and was plunged into psychological shock. I had forgotten I was free.;Jack Henry Abbott;morning
I love Adele, I want her to be my best friend. She could come to the U.S., live with me and sing to me every morning.;Amber Riley;morning
I get up at sunrise. I'm a Buddhist, so I chant in the morning. My wife and I sit and have coffee together, but then it's list-making time. I have carpentry projects. We have roads we keep in repair. It's not back-breaking, but it's certainly aerobic and mildly strenuous.;Patrick Duffy;morning
I am a night painter, so when I come into the studio the next morning the delirium is over.;Philip Guston;morning
Cut your morning devotions into your personal grooming. You would not go out to work with a dirty face. Why start the day with the face of your soul unwashed?;Robert A. Cook;morning
I get up at 4:30 in the morning, seven days a week, no matter where I am in the world.;Bob Iger;morning
I actually think the whole concept of retirement is a bit stupid, so yes, I do want to do something else. There is this strange thing that just because chronologically on a Friday night you have reached a certain age... with all that experience, how can it be that on a Monday morning, you are useless?;Stuart Rose;morning
I write early in the morning, usually after reading portions of at least half a dozen newspapers on the web.;Alan Dean Foster;morning
Your home should be your home. People shouldn't be allowed to use whatever crazy lenses they use to catch you waking up in the morning.;Sarah Chalke;morning
And at five o'clock in the morning we left to drive to Old Tucson, and I sat with my mouth open in the van. I was stunned by the beauty of that country.;Erika Slezak;morning
Upon awakening in the morning, I wondered if the proceedings of the night before had been a dream. It was hard to believe that I was the world's heavyweight champion.;Gene Tunney;morning
This morning of the small snow I count the blessings, the leak in the faucet which makes of the sink time, the drop of the water on water.;Charles Olson;morning
The reporting I did was mostly entertainment or lifestyle. I took a very different approach than most reporters. I approached it more casually than you would think a reporter would. Now I'm a morning radio personality, and radio is really casual.;Eleanor Mondale;morning
Early on the next morning we reached Kansas, about five hundred miles from the mouth of the Missouri.;Francis Parkman;morning
Four men are missing R., Sorel and two emigrants. They set out this morning after buffalo, and have not yet made their appearance whether killed or lost, we cannot tell.;Francis Parkman;morning
I remember being at school during morning meeting and looking around at everybody, 350 kids, saying a prayer. We're all very young and no one knows what it means, and I remember feeling strange that people were just repeating words that they didn't understand. I refused to participate. For some reason I always rejected it, but respectfully.;Sean Durkin;morning
People have accused me of being in favor of globalization. This is equivalent to accusing me of being in favor of the sun rising in the morning.;Clare Short;morning
I remember lying down for a nap one day at about 4:00 and walking up at 11:00 the next morning.;April Winchell;morning
I would also like to act, once in a while, but not get up every morning at 5:30 or six o'clock and pound into the studio and get home at 7:30 or eight o'clock at night, or act over and over and over every night on Broadway, either.;Jackie Cooper;morning
If you can miss getting up in the morning and running into a wall, I miss playing football. I'll never be a frustrated athlete.;Brian Bosworth;morning
I like everything perfect. Everything has to be neat. My sister is 5, and she's more messy than I am. I make my bed every morning, everything's perfect. My shoes are all arranged. It's sad. I'm a little like Ray, a little bit.;Dakota Fanning;morning
It says something about this new global economy that USA Today now reports every morning on the day's events in Asian markets.;Lawrence Summers;morning
I had been found in a mud puddle at 4:30 in the morning.;Lance Loud;morning
I shall begin my march for Camp tomorrow morning. It was not in my power to move until I could procure shoes for the troops almost barefoot.;Anthony Wayne;morning
My wife and I just prefer Seattle. It's a beautiful city. Great setting. You open your front door in the morning and the air smells like pine and the sea, as opposed to bus exhaust.;Ron Reagan;morning
He had written my mother once that he wanted her to be the first thing he saw every morning and the last thing he ever saw. And that's how it turned out.;Ron Reagan;morning
The school-boy doesn't force himself to learn his vocabularies and rules altogether at night, but knows that be must impress them again in the morning.;Hermann Ebbinghaus;morning
I can't stop being in parades. I just love dancing on floats that move really slowly on the city streets in the early morning.;Chris Kattan;morning
