I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.;Bill Cosby;failure
You build on failure. You use it as a stepping stone. Close the door on the past. You don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it. You don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space.;Johnny Cash;failure
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.;Dale Carnegie;failure
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.;Henry Ford;failure
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.;Buddha;failure
Leadership is solving problems. The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them. They have either lost confidence that you can help or concluded you do not care. Either case is a failure of leadership.;Colin Powell;failure
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.;Colin Powell;failure
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.;George Burns;failure
Failure is success if we learn from it.;Malcolm Forbes;failure
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.;George Edward Woodberry;failure
Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes a reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results.;William James;failure
It has always seemed strange to me... the things we admire in men, kindness and generosity, openness, honesty, understanding and feeling, are the concomitants of failure in our system. And those traits we detest, sharpness, greed, acquisitiveness, meanness, egotism and self-interest, are the traits of success. And while men admire the quality of the first they love the produce of the second.;John Steinbeck;failure
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.;Elbert Hubbard;failure
Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure.;Confucius;failure
The fact that we are here today to debate raising America's debt limit is a sign of leadership failure. America has a debt problem and a failure of leadership. Americans deserve better. I, therefore, intend to oppose the effort to increase America's debt.;Barack Obama;failure
Like success, failure is many things to many people. With Positive Mental Attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again.;W. Clement Stone;failure
A man who has never made a woman angry is a failure in life.;Christopher Morley;failure
As kids we're not taught how to deal with success we're taught how to deal with failure. If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. If at first you succeed, then what?;Charlie Sheen;failure
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.;Og Mandino;failure
People in their handlings of affairs often fail when they are about to succeed. If one remains as careful at the end as he was at the beginning, there will be no failure.;Lao Tzu;failure
Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.;Oprah Winfrey;failure
Socialism in general has a record of failure so blatant that only an intellectual could ignore or evade it.;Thomas Sowell;failure
Once you start a working on something, don't be afraid of failure and don't abandon it. People who work sincerely are the happiest.;Chanakya;failure
Never fret for an only son, the idea of failure will never occur to him.;George Bernard Shaw;failure
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.;Napoleon Hill;failure
Failure is the key to success each mistake teaches us something.;Morihei Ueshiba;failure
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.;Charlie Chaplin;failure
My reputation grows with every failure.;George Bernard Shaw;failure
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts.;John Wooden;failure
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in the experience.;Elbert Hubbard;failure
Optimism is a kind of heart stimulant - the digitalis of failure.;Elbert Hubbard;failure
Failure is simply a few errors in judgment, repeated every day.;Jim Rohn;failure
The line between failure and success is so fine that we scarcely know when we pass it: so fine that we are often on the line and do not know it.;Elbert Hubbard;failure
The majority of men meet with failure because of their lack of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail.;Napoleon Hill;failure
In America, there's a failure to appreciate Europe's leading role in the world.;Barack Obama;failure
No man ever achieved worth-while success who did not, at one time or other, find himself with at least one foot hanging well over the brink of failure.;Napoleon Hill;failure
Tragedy in life normally comes with betrayal and compromise, and trading on your integrity and not having dignity in life. That's really where failure comes.;Tom Cochrane;failure
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.;Robert H. Schuller;failure
The Bush Administration's failure to be consistently involved in helping Israel achieve peace with the Palestinians has been both wrong for our friendship with Israel, as well as badly damaging to our standing in the Arab world.;Barack Obama;failure
Why should anybody be interested in some old man who was a failure?;Ernest Hemingway;failure
So while I will never minimize the costs involved in military action, I am convinced that a failure to act in Libya would have carried a far greater price for America.;Barack Obama;failure
The theory seems to be that as long as a man is a failure he is one of God's children, but that as soon as he succeeds he is taken over by the Devil.;H. L. Mencken;failure
Failure comes only when we forget our ideals and objectives and principles.;Jawaharlal Nehru;failure
There's always failure. And there's always disappointment. And there's always loss. But the secret is learning from the loss, and realizing that none of those holes are vacuums.;Michael J. Fox;failure
You must accept that you might fail then, if you do your best and still don't win, at least you can be satisfied that you've tried. If you don't accept failure as a possibility, you don't set high goals, you don't branch out, you don't try - you don't take the risk.;Rosalynn Carter;failure
The guns and the bombs, the rockets and the warships, are all symbols of human failure.;Lyndon B. Johnson;failure
I hate failure and that divorce was a Number One failure in my eyes. It was the worst period of my life. Neither Desi nor I have been the same since, physically or mentally.;Lucille Ball;failure
In all our deeds, the proper value and respect for time determines success or failure.;Malcolm X;failure
A person who doubts himself is like a man who would enlist in the ranks of his enemies and bear arms agains himself. He makes his failure certain by himself being the first person to be convinced of it.;Ambrose Bierce;failure
A man can get discouraged many times but he is not a failure until he begins to blame somebody else and stops trying.;John Burroughs;failure
There is but one cause of human failure. And that is man's lack of faith in his true Self.;William James;failure
If those committed to the quest fail, they will be forgiven. When lost, they will find another way. The moral imperative of humanism is the endeavor alone, whether successful or not, provided the effort is honorable and failure memorable.;E. O. Wilson;failure
There can be no failure to a man who has not lost his courage, his character, his self respect, or his self-confidence. He is still a King.;Orison Swett Marden;failure
Every great work, every big accomplishment, has been brought into manifestation through holding to the vision, and often just before the big achievement, comes apparent failure and discouragement.;Florence Scovel Shinn;failure
Fear stifles our thinking and actions. It creates indecisiveness that results in stagnation. I have known talented people who procrastinate indefinitely rather than risk failure. Lost opportunities cause erosion of confidence, and the downward spiral begins.;Charles Stanley;failure
There is no failure except in no longer trying. There is no defeat except from within, no really insurmountable barrier save our own inherent weakness of purpose.;Kin Hubbard;failure
Sound character provides the power with which a person may ride the emergencies of life instead of being overwhelmed by them. Failure is... the highway to success.;Og Mandino;failure
Failure is not an option. Everyone has to succeed.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;failure
Destiny: A tyrant's authority for crime and a fool's excuse for failure.;Ambrose Bierce;failure
Forget about the consequences of failure. Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success.;Denis Waitley;failure
Laziness is a secret ingredient that goes into failure. But it's only kept a secret from the person who fails.;Robert Half;failure
No man is a failure who is enjoying life.;William Feather;failure
While it is important for people to see your promise you must also remember that hope is the keeper of both happiness and disappointment, the father of both progress and failure.;Bryant H. McGill;failure
If there exists no possibility of failure, then victory is meaningless.;Robert H. Schuller;failure
I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate.;George Burns;failure
No man can be a failure if he thinks he's a success If he thinks he is a winner, then he is.;Robert W. Service;failure
Failure is not our only punishment for laziness there is also the success of others.;Jules Renard;failure
The failure of national economic policy is costing us more than jobs it has begun to weaken that uniquely American spirit of risk-taking, large ambition, and optimism about the future. We must rally them now to bold departures that rebuild our national morale as well as our material prosperity.;Mitch Daniels;failure
Why do I talk about the benefits of failure? Simply because failure meant a stripping away of the inessential. I stopped pretending to myself that I was anything other than what I was, and began to direct all my energy into finishing the only work that mattered to me.;J. K. Rowling;failure
I'm proof against that word failure. I've seen behind it. The only failure a man ought to fear is failure of cleaving to the purpose he sees to be best.;George Eliot;failure
All human actions are equivalent and all are on principle doomed to failure.;Jean-Paul Sartre;failure
Ideology, politics and journalism, which luxuriate in failure, are impotent in the face of hope and joy.;P. J. O'Rourke;failure
Not failure, but low aim, is crime.;James Russell Lowell;failure
In Torch Song, I did that character almost non-stop from 1978 until I made the movie in 1987. Then I had some failure, which also colors how you react to doing other things.;Harvey Fierstein;failure
The idea of capitalism is not just success but also the failure that allows success to happen.;P. J. O'Rourke;failure
Creative risk taking is essential to success in any goal where the stakes are high. Thoughtless risks are destructive, of course, but perhaps even more wasteful is thoughtless caution which prompts inaction and promotes failure to seize opportunity.;Gary Ryan Blair;failure
They talk about the failure of socialism but where is the success of capitalism in Africa, Asia and Latin America?;Fidel Castro;failure
Don't fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of a life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.;Louis E. Boone;failure
There are only really a few stories to tell in the end, and betrayal and the failure of love is one of those good stories to tell.;Sean Lennon;failure
To begin to think with purpose, is to enter the ranks of those strong ones who only recognize failure as one of the pathways to attainment.;James Allen;failure
Failure is a great teacher, and I think when you make mistakes and you recover from them and you treat them as valuable learning experiences, then you've got something to share.;Steve Harvey;failure
My fault, my failure, is not in the passions I have, but in my lack of control of them.;Jack Kerouac;failure
Failure is instructive. The person who really thinks learns quite as much from his failures as from his successes.;John Dewey;failure
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.;Walter Scott;failure
You may have a fresh start any moment you choose, for this thing that we call 'failure' is not the falling down, but the staying down.;Mary Pickford;failure
My dad encouraged us to fail. Growing up, he would ask us what we failed at that week. If we didn't have something, he would be disappointed. It changed my mindset at an early age that failure is not the outcome, failure is not trying. Don't be afraid to fail.;Sara Blakely;failure
He who risks and fails can be forgiven. He who never risks and never fails is a failure in his whole being.;Paul Tillich;failure
Big companies are like marching bands. Even if half the band is playing random notes, it still sounds kind of like music. The concealment of failure is built into them.;Doug Coupland;failure
A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough.;Christian Nestell Bovee;failure
One of the reasons people stop learning is that they become less and less willing to risk failure.;John W. Gardner;failure
My father was not a failure. After all, he was the father of a president of the United States.;Harry S. Truman;failure
Greatly begin. Though thou have time, but for a line, be that sublime. Not failure, but low aim is crime.;James Russell Lowell;failure
Mohammed was not an apparent failure. He was a dazzling success, politically as well as spiritually, and Islam went from strength to strength to strength.;Karen Armstrong;failure
No experience is a cause of success or failure. We do not suffer from the shock of our experiences, so-called trauma - but we make out of them just what suits our purposes.;Alfred Adler;failure
The freedom to fail is vital if you're going to succeed. Most successful people fail from time to time, and it is a measure of their strength that failure merely propels them into some new attempt at success.;Michael Korda;failure
No matter how vast, how total, the failure of man here on earth, the work of man will be resumed elsewhere. War leaders talk of resuming operations on this front and that, but man's front embraces the whole universe.;Henry Miller;failure
I have a lack of fear, whereas in the past the fear of failure was a powerful motivator. Anyway, I have great expectations for the future, but I just don't know if I'm the monarch of all I survey.;Sylvester Stallone;failure
War remains the decisive human failure.;John Kenneth Galbraith;failure
Failure is only postponed success as long as courage 'coaches' ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.;Herbert Kaufman;failure
