Sadly, embryonic stem cell research is completely legal in this country and has been going on at universities and research facilities for years.;Mike Pence;science
Scientists worldwide agree that the reduction needed to stabilize the climate is actually more like 80 percent.;Donella Meadows;science
Polygraph tests are 20th-century witchcraft.;Sam Ervin;science
Anthropology was the science that gave her the platform from which she surveyed, scolded and beamed at the world.;Jane Howard;science
Half of the modern drugs could well be thrown out of the window, except that the birds might eat them.;Martin Henry Fischer;science
Leave the atom alone.;E. Y. Harburg;science
Whenever anyone says, 'theoretically,' they really mean, 'not really.';Dave Parnas;science
There was no 'before' the beginning of our universe, because once upon a time there was no time.;John D. Barrow;science
Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.;Albert Einstein;science
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science.;Albert Einstein;science
To raise new questions, new possibilities, to regard old problems from a new angle, requires creative imagination and marks real advance in science.;Albert Einstein;science
Science is a wonderful thing if one does not have to earn one's living at it.;Albert Einstein;science
The grand aim of all science is to cover the greatest number of empirical facts by logical deduction from the smallest number of hypotheses or axioms.;Albert Einstein;science
Most of the fundamental ideas of science are essentially simple, and may, as a rule, be expressed in a language comprehensible to everyone.;Albert Einstein;science
The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking.;Albert Einstein;science
The man of science is a poor philosopher.;Albert Einstein;science
It stands to the everlasting credit of science that by acting on the human mind it has overcome man's insecurity before himself and before nature.;Albert Einstein;science
Science may have found a cure for most evils but it has found no remedy for the worst of them all - the apathy of human beings.;Helen Keller;science
Success is a science if you have the conditions, you get the result.;Oscar Wilde;science
A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and art into pedantry. Hence University education.;George Bernard Shaw;science
Romance should never begin with sentiment. It should begin with science and end with a settlement.;Oscar Wilde;science
Let both sides seek to invoke the wonders of science instead of its terrors. Together let us explore the stars, conquer the deserts, eradicate disease, tap the ocean depths, and encourage the arts and commerce.;John F. Kennedy;science
Science has not yet taught us if madness is or is not the sublimity of the intelligence.;Edgar Allan Poe;science
Every known fact in natural science was divined by the presentiment of somebody, before it was actually verified.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;science
We have also arranged things so that almost no one understands science and technology. This is a prescription for disaster. We might get away with it for a while, but sooner or later this combustible mixture of ignorance and power is going to blow up in our faces.;Carl Sagan;science
I'm concentrating on staying healthy, having peace, being happy, remembering what is important, taking in nature and animals, spending time reading, trying to understand the universe, where science and the spiritual meet.;Joan Jett;science
If civilization is to survive, we must cultivate the science of human relationships - the ability of all peoples, of all kinds, to live together, in the same world at peace.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;science
Therefore, the good of man must be the end of the science of politics.;Aristotle;science
We live in a society exquisitely dependent on science and technology, in which hardly anyone knows anything about science and technology.;Carl Sagan;science
Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, and not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.;Charles Darwin;science
Art is the beautiful way of doing things. Science is the effective way of doing things. Business is the economic way of doing things.;Elbert Hubbard;science
Imagination is the key to my lyrics. The rest is painted with a little science fiction.;Jimi Hendrix;science
The church saves sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture.;Elbert Hubbard;science
There will one day spring from the brain of science a machine or force so fearful in its potentialities, so absolutely terrifying, that even man, the fighter, who will dare torture and death in order to inflict torture and death, will be appalled, and so abandon war forever.;Thomas A. Edison;science
Democracy is the art and science of running the circus from the monkey cage.;H. L. Mencken;science
Germany has reduced savagery to a science, and this great war for the victorious peace of justice must go on until the German cancer is cut clean out of the world body.;Theodore Roosevelt;science
Science can purify religion from error and superstition. Religion can purify science from idolatry and false absolutes.;Pope John Paul II;science
The greatest advances of civilization, whether in architecture or painting, in science and literature, in industry or agriculture, have never come from centralized government.;Milton Friedman;science
Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences.;Plato;science
Science is nothing but perception.;Plato;science
Part of the reason that our politics seems so tough right now and facts and science and argument does not seem to be winning the day all the time is because we're hardwired not to always think clearly when we're scared. And the country's scared.;Barack Obama;science
He who possesses art and science has religion he who does not possess them, needs religion.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;science
English is necessary as at present original works of science are in English. I believe that in two decades times original works of science will start coming out in our languages. Then we can move over like the Japanese.;Abdul Kalam;science
The whole history of science has been the gradual realization that events do not happen in an arbitrary manner, but that they reflect a certain underlying order, which may or may not be divinely inspired.;Stephen Hawking;science
There is no way that writers can be tamed and rendered civilized or even cured. The only solution known to science is to provide the patient with an isolation room, where he can endure the acute stages in private and where food can be poked in to him with a stick.;Robert A. Heinlein;science
Individual science fiction stories may seem as trivial as ever to the blinder critics and philosophers of today - but the core of science fiction, its essence has become crucial to our salvation if we are to be saved at all.;Isaac Asimov;science
Skeptical scrutiny is the means, in both science and religion, by which deep thoughts can be winnowed from deep nonsense.;Carl Sagan;science
Science arose from poetry... when times change the two can meet again on a higher level as friends.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;science
The credit of advancing science has always been due to individuals and never to the age.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;science
The difference between science and the fuzzy subjects is that science requires reasoning while those other subjects merely require scholarship.;Robert A. Heinlein;science
One could write a history of science in reverse by assembling the solemn pronouncements of highest authority about what could not be done and could never happen.;Robert A. Heinlein;science
He who would do good to another must do it in Minute Particulars: general Good is the plea of the scoundrel, hypocrite, and flatterer, for Art and Science cannot exist but in minutely organized Particulars.;William Blake;science
I am often amazed at how much more capability and enthusiasm for science there is among elementary school youngsters than among college students.;Carl Sagan;science
If we long to believe that the stars rise and set for us, that we are the reason there is a Universe, does science do us a disservice in deflating our conceits?;Carl Sagan;science
Religion is something left over from the infancy of our intelligence, it will fade away as we adopt reason and science as our guidelines.;Bertrand Russell;science
When I die, I'm leaving my body to science fiction.;Steven Wright;science
Science is what you know, philosophy is what you don't know.;Bertrand Russell;science
It has become almost a cliche to remark that nobody boasts of ignorance of literature, but it is socially acceptable to boast ignorance of science and proudly claim incompetence in mathematics.;Richard Dawkins;science
Science has explained nothing the more we know the more fantastic the world becomes and the profounder the surrounding darkness.;Aldous Huxley;science
I have seen firsthand that agricultural science has enormous potential to increase the yields of small farmers and lift them out of hunger and poverty.;Bill Gates;science
Every science has for its basis a system of principles as fixed and unalterable as those by which the universe is regulated and governed. Man cannot make principles he can only discover them.;Thomas Paine;science
Theology is a science of mind applied to God.;Henry Ward Beecher;science
False facts are highly injurious to the progress of science, for they often endure long but false views, if supported by some evidence, do little harm, for every one takes a salutary pleasure in proving their falseness.;Charles Darwin;science
The capacity to be puzzled is the premise of all creation, be it in art or in science.;Erich Fromm;science
Specialized meaninglessness has come to be regarded, in certain circles, as a kind of hallmark of true science.;Aldous Huxley;science
We want to answer this classical question, who am I? So I think that most of our works are for art, or whatever we do, including science or religion, tried to answer that question.;Paulo Coelho;science
The god whom science recognizes must be a God of universal laws exclusively, a God who does a wholesale, not a retail business. He cannot accommodate his processes to the convenience of individuals.;William James;science
Man lives for science as well as bread.;William James;science
Shun no toil to make yourself remarkable by some talent or other yet do not devote yourself to one branch exclusively. Strive to get clear notions about all. Give up no science entirely for science is but one.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;science
Science fiction is any idea that occurs in the head and doesn't exist yet, but soon will, and will change everything for everybody, and nothing will ever be the same again. As soon as you have an idea that changes some small part of the world you are writing science fiction. It is always the art of the possible, never the impossible.;Ray Bradbury;science
The fundamental concept in social science is Power, in the same sense in which Energy is the fundamental concept in physics.;Bertrand Russell;science
The march of science and technology does not imply growing intellectual complexity in the lives of most people. It often means the opposite.;Thomas Sowell;science
We've arranged a civilization in which most crucial elements profoundly depend on science and technology.;Carl Sagan;science
I do not believe in God his existence has been disproved by Science. But in the concentration camp, I learned to believe in men.;Jean-Paul Sartre;science
Science is global. Einstein's equation, E=mc2, has to reach everywhere. Science is a beautiful gift to humanity, we should not distort it. Science does not differentiate between multiple races.;Abdul Kalam;science
Life is not an exact science, it is an art.;Samuel Butler;science
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.;Immanuel Kant;science
Time travel used to be thought of as just science fiction, but Einstein's general theory of relativity allows for the possibility that we could warp space-time so much that you could go off in a rocket and return before you set out.;Stephen Hawking;science
The product of mental labor - science - always stands far below its value, because the labor-time necessary to reproduce it has no relation at all to the labor-time required for its original production.;Karl Marx;science
Science must have originated in the feeling that something was wrong.;Thomas Carlyle;science
This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.;Thomas Carlyle;science
As long as men are free to ask what they must, free to say what they think, free to think what they will, freedom can never be lost and science can never regress.;Marcel Proust;science
Almost everything that distinguishes the modern world from earlier centuries is attributable to science, which achieved its most spectacular triumphs in the seventeenth century.;Bertrand Russell;science
Art is the tree of life. Science is the tree of death.;William Blake;science
Natural science will in time incorporate into itself the science of man, just as the science of man will incorporate into itself natural science: there will be one science.;Karl Marx;science
Science in the modern world has many uses its chief use, however, is to provide long words to cover the errors of the rich.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;science
I am one of those scientists who feels that it is no longer enough just to get on and do science. We have to devote a significant proportion of our time and resources to defending it from deliberate attack from organised ignorance.;Richard Dawkins;science
Vanity of science. Knowledge of physical science will not console me for ignorance of morality in time of affliction, but knowledge of morality will always console me for ignorance of physical science.;Blaise Pascal;science
The enlightenment is under threat. So is reason. So is truth. So is science, especially in the schools of America.;Richard Dawkins;science
It vexes me when they would constrain science by the authority of the Scriptures, and yet do not consider themselves bound to answer reason and experiment.;Galileo Galilei;science
The usual approach of science of constructing a mathematical model cannot answer the questions of why there should be a universe for the model to describe. Why does the universe go to all the bother of existing?;Stephen Hawking;science
In questions of science, the authority of a thousand is not worth the humble reasoning of a single individual.;Galileo Galilei;science
Science has not yet mastered prophecy. We predict too much for the next year and yet far too little for the next 10.;Neil Armstrong;science
Science is always discovering odd scraps of magical wisdom and making a tremendous fuss about its cleverness.;Aleister Crowley;science
The foundation of empire is art and science. Remove them or degrade them, and the empire is no more. Empire follows art and not vice versa as Englishmen suppose.;William Blake;science
Politics is a science. You can demonstrate that you are right and that others are wrong.;Jean-Paul Sartre;science
The pursuit of science leads only to the insoluble.;Benjamin Disraeli;science
Science is properly more scrupulous than dogma. Dogma gives a charter to mistake, but the very breath of science is a contest with mistake, and must keep the conscience alive.;George Eliot;science
Science is not only a disciple of reason but, also, one of romance and passion.;Stephen Hawking;science
