Japanese food makes me feel particularly good.;David Mitchell;food
I was always the new kid in school, I'm the kid from a broken family, I'm the kid who had no dad showing up at the father-son stuff, I'm the kid that was using food stamps at the grocery store.;Dave Mustaine;food
When service members are discharged, we should express our gratitude for their profound personal sacrifice, not hand them a bill for their hospital food.;Barbara Boxer;food
I love doing demonstrations. I think to be a great chef you have to be a great teacher. I love doing classes with people who love food and enjoy food, bringing them all around one table so to speak.;Michael Symon;food
Recipes are important but only to a point. What's more important than recipes is how we think about food, and a good cookbook should open up a new way of doing just that.;Michael Symon;food
Go to the grocery store and buy better things. Buy quality, buy organic, buy natural, go to the farmers market. Immediately that's going to increase the quality of the food you make.;Michael Symon;food
I don't think any other holiday embraces the food of the Midwest quite like Thanksgiving. There's roasted meat and mashed potatoes. But being here is also about heritage. Cleveland is really a giant melting pot - not only is my family a melting pot, but so is the city.;Michael Symon;food
My goal in 'Live to Cook' is to make great food more approachable for home cooks.;Michael Symon;food
I don't do yoga. I bite the hella outta my nails. I smoke, I eat all the wrong food, I don't exercise.;Lisa Marie Presley;food
For some Chicago expats, food is the medicine that blunts the pain of separation.;Mary Schmich;food
The best way to lose weight is to close your mouth - something very difficult for a politician. Or watch your food - just watch it, don't eat it.;Ed Koch;food
It was my Uncle George who discovered that alcohol was a food well in advance of modern medical thought.;P. G. Wodehouse;food
I love England, especially the food. There's nothing I like more than a lovely bowl of pasta.;Naomi Campbell;food
A fly cannot go in unless it stops somewhere therefore weapons, fuel, food, money will not go to Afghanistan unless the neighbors of Afghanistan are working, are cooperating, either being themselves the origin or the transit.;Lakhdar Brahimi;food
Queuing tips for fans: wrap up and bring food!;Niall Horan;food
I think the most wonderful thing in the world is another chef. I'm always excited about learning new things about food.;Paul Prudhomme;food
Creole is New Orleans city food. Communities were created by the people who wanted to stay and not go back to Spain or France.;Paul Prudhomme;food
Another nice thing was that I would type out letters home for the admiral's stewards. They would then feed me the same food the admiral ate.;Jack Adams;food
I've always felt that sexuality is a really slippery thing. In this day and age, it tends to get categorized and labeled, and I think labels are for food. Canned food.;Michael Stipe;food
I'm reading a lot of different books, but I always think I have to switch it up a little bit. It's like food - everything in moderation, same with my books, same with my reading. You read books that are good for you and you learn a lot of stuff, then you read 'Fifty Shades of Grey,' which is like candy.;Shay Mitchell;food
I can't deliver lines, but I can talk about food all night long.;Tom Colicchio;food
Hunger is a political issue, and there are several things politically that are keeping people hungry - not funding food stamps adequately, not funding school lunches adequately. So there is a political solution to the problem of hunger.;Tom Colicchio;food
You can buy a box of low-fat macaroni and cheese made with powdered nonsense. I'm not worried if I'm using four different cheeses and it's high in fat. It's real food. That's what's more important.;Tom Colicchio;food
I think steak is the ultimate comfort food, and if you're going out for one, that isn't the time to scrimp on calories or quality.;Tom Colicchio;food
You have to know the classics if you want to cook modern food.;Tom Colicchio;food
In New York, I'll walk down the street and someone will say, 'Nice show,' and that's it. If I'm at a food festival, it's open season.;Tom Colicchio;food
As a chef, I had started working with groups like Share Our Strength and various local food banks in New York, raising money for hunger-related issues. And not only me, but the entire restaurant industry has been very focused on this issue.;Tom Colicchio;food
There's the issue of hunger, and there's an issue of if you're going to cut out food programs. We should be focusing on healthy food. Right now, fruits and vegetables are very expensive. So what can we do on the policy side to bring the cost of fruits and vegetables down?;Tom Colicchio;food
A couple of months ago, I was down in Florida for the Food and Wine Festival. And this journalist grabbed me and said, 'How does it feel to be a TV guy? You're no longer in the restaurant business.' And I laughed. I asked him, 'How long do you think it takes me to do a season?' He said, 'Well, 200 days.' And I was like, '200 days? Try 20!';Tom Colicchio;food
Asian food is very easy to like because it hits your mouth very differently than European food does. In European food, there may be two things to hit - maybe sweet and salty, maybe salty-savory, but Asian kind of works around, plus you have that distinct flavor that's usually working in Asian food.;Tom Colicchio;food
We are not really privy to all that crazy stuff that goes on in the show. I go to work, eat, and talk about food. The wild things happen when we aren't around. I expected Top Chef to last three or four seasons and we are now shooting season ten.;Tom Colicchio;food
We're adults. We're the ones who should teach the kids what's good to eat. I don't think the government should ever regulate what we eat at home, but we're feeding them in school with tax dollars. Quite frankly, if my tax dollars are being spent to feed kids, I'd rather feed them better food.;Tom Colicchio;food
I travel around and hear from so many kids. Their parents say they were always very picky but they watch the show and they want to try stuff. The show is entertainment, but I think it has done so much for the public perception of what food can be.;Tom Colicchio;food
There's a food revolution going on throughout the country. And it doesn't matter if you're down south, up north in Maine, if you're out west in Portland or Seattle.;Tom Colicchio;food
Everything is just better in California - the wine, the food, fruits and vegetables, the comforts of living. Even the instrumentalists are generous and curious. Everything is wonderful.;Beth Anderson;food
But it's really hard to eat good when you're traveling because you see fast food and you want to go to this restaurant and that restaurant.;Nicole Polizzi;food
But Australia faces additional regional and global challenges also crucial to our nation's future - climate change, questions of energy and food security, the rise of China and the rise of India. And we need a strong system of global and regional relationships and institutions to underpin stability.;Kevin Rudd;food
You feel better when you're eating food that retains nutritional value.;Amber Heard;food
In the States, you can buy Chinese food. In Beijing you can buy hamburger. It's very close. Now I feel the world become a big family, like a really big family. You have many neighbors. Not like before, two countries are far away.;Jet Li;food
The less you do to beautiful food, the better it's going to taste. You don't need to mess with it all the time.;Gail Simmons;food
Patience is the secret to good food.;Gail Simmons;food
I'm tempted by everything. My husband makes fun of me because every day it's a new food that I love. I have a weakness for butterscotch pudding, ice cream in any flavor and dark chocolate, although that's one thing I do keep in my house - 70% dark chocolate.;Gail Simmons;food
Like baseball, food will never go out of style we will always need to eat and we will always find it entertaining. I think of food TV this way - all the fun and none of the calories.;Gail Simmons;food
There's not a single chef I know of that does not think about the politics of the food they're serving.;Gail Simmons;food
I had decided I wanted to write about food, and I knew the only way to do that is to speak with authority, which meant learning the language and knowing what that experience is like.;Gail Simmons;food
It's better to get the nutrients for healthy skin from food, not supplements. Salmon, walnuts, blueberries, spinach... lots of my favorite foods happen to be amazing for skin too.;Gail Simmons;food
There are days when I literally have to eat 17 plates of food - it's intense. It's about moderation. You just need a few bites to get the gist of a dish.;Gail Simmons;food
Find combinations of flavors you love and buy the best quality ingredients you can afford. Your food is only going to be as good as the sum of its parts, like anything else.;Gail Simmons;food
Fast sex, like fast food, is cheap, but it doesn't nourish the body - or the soul.;Suzanne Fields;food
To me, food is as much about the moment, the occasion, the location and the company as it is about the taste.;Heston Blumenthal;food
I was born in the '60s and grew up in the '70s - not exactly the best decade for food in British history. It was horrendous. It was a time when, as a nation, we excelled in art and music and acting and photography and fashion - all creative skills... all apart from cooking.;Heston Blumenthal;food
You think about some of the most memorable meals you've ever had the food will be good but it will often be about locating a mental memory and taste is inexorably linked to all the other senses and memory, so ultimately it is all about taste.;Heston Blumenthal;food
It's easy for people in an air-conditioned room to continue with the policies of destruction of Mother Earth. We need instead to put ourselves in the shoes of families in Bolivia and worldwide that lack water and food and suffer misery and hunger.;Evo Morales;food
When I came to the Food Network, I didn't want to do a cooking show. I told Kathleen Finch for nine months I didn't want to do a cooking show, I wanted to do a home-and-garden show.;Sandra Lee;food
I'm not sure that some of the food purists are in touch with what really goes on in American households.;Sandra Lee;food
It's really easy to figure out why I love what I love, the holidays and food. I know the difference between having them and not having them.;Sandra Lee;food
I'm the only girl on The Food Network who grills - I have two bestselling grilling books. I try to really focus on what men and women can do outside together out on the grill. I think it's really fun to have men and women out there together, having fun, working and enjoying themselves.;Sandra Lee;food
I like doing food as a focal point on my table. It is not like going out and buying flowers or candles, which are expensive.;Sandra Lee;food
We have reduced sales tax on food. Now we want it eliminated.;Joe Manchin;food
Woe to us if we get our satisfaction from the food in the kitchen and the TV in the den and the sex in the bedroom with an occasional tribute to the cement blocks in the basement!;John Piper;food
You can't escape the taste of the food you had as a child. In times of stress, what do you dream about? Your mother's clam chowder. It's security, comfort. It brings you home.;Jacques Pepin;food
I say: If you don't know how to cook, I'm sure you have at least one friend who knows how to cook. Well, call that friend and say, 'Can I come next time and can I bring some food and can I come an hour or two hours ahead and watch you and help you?';Jacques Pepin;food
When I pair food and wine, I start with the food. If I have a beautiful roasted bird, I might choose a Cabernet or Pinot Noir, or maybe a Syrah, depending on the sauce and what is in my cellar.;Jacques Pepin;food
I taped my first series for PBS in 1982 at WJCT-TV in Jacksonville, Florida. The show, called 'Everyday Cooking with Jacques Pepin,' was about saving time and money in the kitchen - and it was a celebration of simple and unpretentious food.;Jacques Pepin;food
When I wrote 'Fast Food My Way' in 2004, I hoped that my friends would prepare my recipes. Now, more people cook from that book than any other I've written in the past 30 years.;Jacques Pepin;food
This June, I'll travel once again to the Food and Wine Magazine Classic in Aspen, Colorado. For many years, my dear friend Julia Child and I have teamed up to teach classes together at the event for the past seven years, my daughter, Claudine, has been my cooking partner on stage.;Jacques Pepin;food
The agony of my feelings allowed me no respite no incident occurred from which my rage and misery could not extract its food.;Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley;food
Somewhere near you, somebody right now is trying to help the indigent and poor - providing food, shelter, clothing or simple kindness.;Tony Snow;food
When it becomes hard for me not to eat bad food, I try to think about what I have to do and what is ahead of me and what I want to achieve.;Sally Pearson;food
Anorexia, you starve yourself. Bulimia, you binge and purge. You eat huge amounts of food until you're sick and then you throw up. And anorexia, you just deny yourself. It's about control.;Tracey Gold;food
Acceptable food rots while we are chased from bins behind restaurants, chased from sleeping on the street, chased from relieving ourselves unless we pay for food or gas, until finally we are so hungry, sleepless, smelly, constipated and beaten-down that we simply die of lack of will to live.;Jane Siberry;food
Yet food is something that is taken for granted by most world leaders despite the fact that more than half of the population of the world is hungry.;Norman Borlaug;food
Almost certainly, however, the first essential component of social justice is adequate food for all mankind.;Norman Borlaug;food
Entrepreneurs always pitch their idea as 'the X of Y', so this is going to be 'the Microsoft of food.' And yet disruptive innovations usually don't have that character. Most of the time, if something seems like a good idea, it probably isn't.;Eric Ries;food
Men can absent themselves from real life for their art more easily. Women are anchored into the quotidian business of getting food on the table, making sure everybody's socks match, the soccer gear is ready. I admire idealists, but they're usually enabled by someone who holds the tether on their balloon, who pays the bills and sweeps up after them.;Geraldine Brooks;food
Especially for me, growing up in such a small town in the middle of nowhere, the desire to be away was incredible. I wanted to see new lands, meet new people from the city, and meet people that were in much less fortunate situations than I was, so that I could be more appreciative of my present. At least I had food on the table.;Garrett Hedlund;food
I used to work a lot on food issues and every time somebody predicted that production would be inadequate they got egg on their face a year or two later.;Susan George;food
I'm not a Luddite, but I'm outside more than I'm on my computer. We have a micro-farm - it's a step up from a garden. We have a pretty extensive vineyard. We grow about 60 percent of our own food, make our own wine, have chickens for eggs.;Emilio Estevez;food
I probably grow half my food. It's a good way to keep perspective.;Emilio Estevez;food
I've been very lucky in the characters I've chosen. Up until last year I was a nobody. I did jobs I booked because I needed to put food in my mouth.;Kristen Bell;food
When women earn the money for the family, everyone in the family benefits. We also know that when women have an income, everyone wins because women dedicate 90% of the income to health, education, to food security, to the children, to the family, or to the community, so when women have an income, everybody wins.;Michelle Bachelet;food
We simply can no longer afford to deny the full potential of one half of the population. The world needs to tap into the talent and wisdom of women. Whether the issue is food security, economic recovery, health, or peace and security, the participation of women is needed now more than ever.;Michelle Bachelet;food
Yeah, well, food is always a part of everything.;Lisa Loeb;food
It makes sense that we came up with our public school system during the Industrial Revolution because it's like everybody is a factory worker, eating their terrible food and going back to the room where you're silent and listening to an idiot. That's an epitomizing idea, getting called 'Nothing' for your whole high school experience.;Ezra Miller;food
Doing things like playing music, something that's so natural and basic to human function, running around in nature, eating delicious food. These things are intrinsic in basic, primordial to human beings, so that's sort of a way to return to a blank canvas, allowing my true personality to return.;Ezra Miller;food
Hash browns are my favorite breakfast food.;Rachel Bilson;food
I normally don't eat junk food.;Martin Yan;food
I don't like to waste anything. Any food left over from the night before is always eaten the next day.;Martin Yan;food
As long as the food is well prepared and not overdone, I think it tastes good. It doesn't matter if it's Chinese, Japanese, anything.;Martin Yan;food
I used to get criticized for putting food in novels.;Jim Harrison;food
I loved everything about Spain - the people, the language, and the food!;Karlie Kloss;food
My quest these days is to find my long lost inner child, but I'm afraid if I do, I'll end up with food in my hair and way too in love with the cats.;Kenny Loggins;food
Urban conservationists may feel entitled to be unconcerned about food production because they are not farmers. But they can't be let off so easily, for they are all farming by proxy.;Wendell Berry;food
I buy food and gasoline - that's it.;Kat Dennings;food
I always knew the importance of it, since I was three or four years old my mother used to feed me wine and water. I grew up with wine as liquid food.;Robert Mondavi;food
If you go back to the Greeks and Romans, they talk about all three - wine, food, and art - as a way of enhancing life.;Robert Mondavi;food
When I hosted the dinner I served fast food hamburgers. It had nothing to do with black, white, purple, yellow, green race. it had nothing to do with Tiger or his family or his golf game.;Fuzzy Zoeller;food
As a freelance writer, I'd be asked to become an expert for various magazines on any subject, whether food or wine or history or the life span of veterinarians. I was completely unschooled in any of these things.;John Hodgman;food
Music is my No. 1 passion. If you made me choose between music and food, it's definitely music.;Trisha Yearwood;food
