Fires can't be made with dead embers, nor can enthusiasm be stirred by spiritless men. Enthusiasm in our daily work lightens effort and turns even labor into pleasant tasks.;James A. Baldwin;work
In action a great heart is the chief qualification. In work, a great head.;Arthur Schopenhauer;work
To say that a work of art is good, but incomprehensible to the majority of men, is the same as saying of some kind of food that it is very good but that most people can't eat it.;Leo Tolstoy;work
Anybody who has been seriously engaged in scientific work of any kind realizes that over the entrance to the gates of the temple of science are written the words: 'Ye must have faith.';Max Planck;work
If children understand that beliefs should be substantiated with evidence, as opposed to tradition, authority, revelation or faith, they will automatically work out for themselves that they are atheists.;Richard Dawkins;work
Behold a worthy sight, to which the God, turning his attention to his own work, may direct his gaze. Behold an equal thing, worthy of a God, a brave man matched in conflict with evil fortune.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;work
To make democracy work, we must be a notion of participants, not simply observers. One who does not vote has no right to complain.;Louis L'Amour;work
You don't have to turn on the TV set. You don't have to work on the Internet. It's up to you.;Ray Bradbury;work
Oh, give us the man who sings at his work.;Thomas Carlyle;work
Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.;Carl Jung;work
Why does a woman work ten years to change a man's habits and then complain that he's not the man she married?;Barbra Streisand;work
All great art is the work of the whole living creature, body and soul, and chiefly of the soul.;John Ruskin;work
Nothing is void of God, his work is everywhere his full of himself.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;work
The last thing one discovers in composing a work is what to put first.;T. S. Eliot;work
The better a work is, the more it attracts criticism it is like the fleas who rush to jump on white linens.;Gustave Flaubert;work
I do not suppose I shall be remembered for anything. But I don't think about my work in those terms. It is just as vulgar to work for the sake of posterity as to work for the sake of money.;Orson Welles;work
Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art.;Stanislaw Lec;work
Never despair, but if you do, work on in despair.;Edmund Burke;work
Character is the indelible mark that determines the only true value of all people and all their work.;Orison Swett Marden;work
The United States strongly condemns the illegal disclosure of classified information. It puts people's lives in danger, threatens our national security, and undermines our efforts to work with other countries to solve shared problems.;Hillary Clinton;work
The only happiness a brave person ever troubles themselves in asking about, is happiness enough to get their work done.;Thomas Carlyle;work
There is a computer disease that anybody who works with computers knows about. It's a very serious disease and it interferes completely with the work. The trouble with computers is that you 'play' with them!;Richard P. Feynman;work
People who have time on their hands will inevitably waste the time of people who have work to do.;Thomas Sowell;work
Company cultures are like country cultures. Never try to change one. Try, instead, to work with what you've got.;Peter Drucker;work
Actors work and slave and it is the color of your hair that can determine your fate in the end.;Helen Hayes;work
Be prepared, work hard, and hope for a little luck. Recognize that the harder you work and the better prepared you are, the more luck you might have.;Ed Bradley;work
But I work harder now because I have so much more exposure. And actually the harder you work as a writer, the better you get at it. It's like anything else. It's a muscle you have to exercise. I write more now than ever.;Ron White;work
Have regular hours for work and play make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.;Louisa May Alcott;work
I used to work in a funeral home to feel good about myself, just the fact that I was breathing.;Chuck Palahniuk;work
The productivity of work is not the responsibility of the worker but of the manager.;Peter Drucker;work
Those people who develop the ability to continuously acquire new and better forms of knowledge that they can apply to their work and to their lives will be the movers and shakers in our society for the indefinite future.;Brian Tracy;work
If in our daily life we can smile, if we can be peaceful and happy, not only we, but everyone will profit from it. This is the most basic kind of peace work.;Nhat Hanh;work
As much as I would love to be a person that goes to parties and has a couple of drinks and has a nice time, that doesn't work for me. I'd just rather sit at home and read, or go out to dinner with someone, or talk to someone I love, or talk to somebody that makes me laugh.;Daniel Radcliffe;work
Musicians can run this state better than politicians. We won't get a lot done in the mornings, but we'll work late and be honest.;Kinky Friedman;work
Progressive art can assist people to learn not only about the objective forces at work in the society in which they live, but also about the intensely social character of their interior lives. Ultimately, it can propel people toward social emancipation.;Salvador Dali;work
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work.;H. L. Hunt;work
When you are in any contest, you should work as if there were - to the very last minute - a chance to lose it. This is battle, this is politics, this is anything.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;work
A work can become modern only if it is first postmodern. Postmodernism thus understood is not modernism at its end but in the nascent state, and this state is constant.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;work
Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. It's the best part of the day.;George Allen, Sr.;work
Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active.;Leonardo da Vinci;work
What the world really needs is more love and less paper work.;Pearl Bailey;work
A little less complaint and whining, and a little more dogged work and manly striving, would do us more credit than a thousand civil rights bills.;W. E. B. Du Bois;work
A race is a work of art that people can look at and be affected in as many ways they're capable of understanding.;Steve Prefontaine;work
Establishing lasting peace is the work of education all politics can do is keep us out of war.;Maria Montessori;work
If you're working for a good company and you're happy there, and you're being compensated accordingly, and your work satisfies you, you should stay there.;Robert Kiyosaki;work
Every man's work, whether it be literature, or music or pictures or architecture or anything else, is always a portrait of himself.;Samuel Butler;work
Every reader finds himself. The writer's work is merely a kind of optical instrument that makes it possible for the reader to discern what, without this book, he would perhaps never have seen in himself.;Marcel Proust;work
Being forced to work, and forced to do your best, will breed in you temperance and self-control, diligence and strength of will, cheerfulness and content, and a hundred virtues which the idle will never know.;Charles Kingsley;work
In order to excel, you must be completely dedicated to your chosen sport. You must also be prepared to work hard and be willing to accept constructive criticism. Without one-hundred percent dedication, you won't be able to do this.;Willie Mays;work
The quality of your work, in the long run, is the deciding factor on how much your services are valued by the world.;Orison Swett Marden;work
What a book a devil's chaplain might write on the clumsy, wasteful, blundering, low, and horribly cruel work of nature!;Charles Darwin;work
A good boss makes his men realize they have more ability than they think they have so that they consistently do better work than they thought they could.;Charles Erwin Wilson;work
The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself.;Anna Quindlen;work
When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it.;W. Clement Stone;work
A treatment method or an educational method that will work for one child may not work for another child. The one common denominator for all of the young children is that early intervention does work, and it seems to improve the prognosis.;Temple Grandin;work
You have not found your place until all your faculties are roused, and your whole nature consents and approves of the work you are doing.;Orison Swett Marden;work
A poet's work is to name the unnameable, to point at frauds, to take sides, start arguments, shape the world, and stop it going to sleep.;Salman Rushdie;work
Obviously, I come from one background, and the people that design fitness equipment have been doing it for years and years, and they know what works and doesn't work.;Lance Armstrong;work
To work hard, to live hard, to die hard, and then go to hell after all would be too damn hard.;Carl Sandburg;work
When work is a pleasure, life is a joy! When work is a duty, life is slavery.;Maxim Gorky;work
God continues to work miracles in my life.;Willie Aames;work
The black market was a way of getting around government controls. It was a way of enabling the free market to work. It was a way of opening up, enabling people.;Milton Friedman;work
A person however learned and qualified in his life's work in whom gratitude is absent, is devoid of that beauty of character which makes personality fragrant.;Hazrat Inayat Khan;work
I've got a theory that if you give 100% all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end.;Larry Bird;work
I wanted to be a doctor that I might be able to work without having to talk because for years I had been giving myself out in words.;Albert Schweitzer;work
Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it.;Stephen Hawking;work
So much of what we call management consists in making it difficult for people to work.;Peter Drucker;work
Healthy people are those who live in healthy homes on a healthy diet in an environment equally fit for birth, growth work, healing, and dying... Healthy people need no bureaucratic interference to mate, give birth, share the human condition and die.;Ivan Illich;work
To live well is to work well, to show a good activity.;Thomas Aquinas;work
Rest when you're weary. Refresh and renew yourself, your body, your mind, your spirit. Then get back to work.;Ralph Marston;work
Do not wait the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.;George Herbert;work
I looked on child rearing not only as a work of love and duty but as a profession that was fully as interesting and challenging as any honorable profession in the world and one that demanded the best that I could bring to it.;Rose Kennedy;work
The least of the work of learning is done in the classroom.;Thomas Merton;work
There's a lot of bitterness, there's a lot of anger out there. We all have to work hard to heal those wounds.;Allen Boyd;work
I like Cinderella, I really do. She has a good work ethic. I appreciate a good, hard-working gal. And she likes shoes. The fairy tale is all about the shoe at the end, and I'm a big shoe girl.;Amy Adams;work
Winners have the ability to step back from the canvas of their lives like an artist gaining perspective. They make their lives a work of art - an individual masterpiece.;Denis Waitley;work
Never follow somebody else's path it doesn't work the same way twice for anyone... the path follows you and rolls up behind you as you walk, forcing the next person to find their own way.;J. Michael Straczynski;work
Many believe - and I believe - that I have been designated for this work by God. In spite of my old age, I do not want to give it up I work out of love for God and I put all my hope in Him.;Michelangelo;work
Though nature be ever so generous, yet can she not make a hero alone. Fortune must contribute her part too and till both concur, the work cannot be perfected.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;work
Slaves are generally expected to sing as well as to work.;Frederick Douglass;work
One must work and dare if one really wants to live.;Vincent Van Gogh;work
Winners take time to relish their work, knowing that scaling the mountain is what makes the view from the top so exhilarating.;Denis Waitley;work
It ain't easy to break out of a mold, but if you do your work, people will ultimately see what you're capable of. Too often, people find it easier to make assumptions and stick with what they believe. They put you in a place and it makes their job easier. The good people constantly search for something different.;Christopher Meloni;work
I think the best thing I can do is to be a distraction. A husband lives and breathes his work all day long. If he comes home to more table thumping, how can the poor man ever relax?;Jackie Kennedy;work
We are at our very best, and we are happiest, when we are fully engaged in work we enjoy on the journey toward the goal we've established for ourselves. It gives meaning to our time off and comfort to our sleep. It makes everything else in life so wonderful, so worthwhile.;Earl Nightingale;work
What are people going to do? Fire me? I've been fired before. Not book me? I've been out of work before. I don't care.;Joan Rivers;work
Creative people don't behave very well generally. If you're looking for examples of good relationships in show business, you're gonna be depressed real fast. I don't have time for anything else right now but work and my daughter. She's my first priority.;Jim Carrey;work
I burned out on AIDS and did no AIDS work for a couple of years. I was so angry that people were still getting this disease that nobody can give you - you have to go out and get it!;Harvey Fierstein;work
It is not wealth one asks for, but just enough to preserve one's dignity, to work unhampered, to be generous, frank and independent.;W. Somerset Maugham;work
I think I should be active politically. Because I look upon myself as a politician. That's not a dirty work you know. Some people think that there are something wrong with politicians. Of course, something wrong with some politicians.;Aung San Suu Kyi;work
All great and beautiful work has come of first gazing without shrinking into the darkness.;John Ruskin;work
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.;Emile Zola;work
The conventional definition of management is getting work done through people, but real management is developing people through work.;Agha Hasan Abedi;work
Look I eat really well and I work out, but I also indulge when I want to. I don't starve myself in an extremist way. You're not taking away my coffee or my dairy or my glass of wine because I'd be devastated.;Jennifer Aniston;work
The important work of moving the world forward does not wait to be done by perfect men.;George Eliot;work
The way to work with a bully is to take the ball and go home. First time, every time. When there's no ball, there's no game. Bullies hate that. So they'll either behave so they can play with you or they'll go bully someone else.;Seth Godin;work
I am totally against the idea that a Muslim woman should not have the same opportunities as a Muslim man to learn, to open up, to work, help shape the future. To close Islam down to a sexist approach is totally intolerable and ridiculous. It's not Islam.;King Hussein I;work
One can not be an American by going about saying that one is an American. It is necessary to feel America, like America, love America and then work.;Georgia O'Keeffe;work
Treat a work of art like a prince. Let it speak to you first.;Arthur Schopenhauer;work
