I can't change overnight into a serious literary author. You can't compare apples to oranges. William Faulkner was a great literary genius. I am not.;John Grisham;change
I have to try and change the landscape, whatever it is.;Robert Plant;change
It is more rewarding to watch money change the world than watch it accumulate.;Gloria Steinem;change
We don't change what we are, we change what we think what we are.;Eric Butterworth;change
As you grow older, you change.;Martin Scorsese;change
In order to effect great change, we need to look at how we can help those in our own communities as well as globally.;Christina Aguilera;change
Someday perhaps change will occur when times are ready for it instead of always when it is too late. Someday change will be accepted as life itself.;Shirley MacLaine;change
I just find the evangelical church too, well, restrictive. But the School of Practical Philosophy is nonconfrontational. We believe there are many forms of Scripture. What is true is true and will never change, whether it's in the Bible or in Shakespeare. It's about oneness.;Hugh Jackman;change
If you asked an 18-year-old what they want to do with their life, and the options are 'Transformers' or Lars von Trier, he's probably shipping out for 'Transformers.' If you ask a 26-year-old what he wants to do, 'Transformers' or Lars von Trier, he'd probably pick Lars von Trier. So, my sensibilities are changing as I change.;Shia LaBeouf;change
If you're unhappy, you should change what you're doing.;Marc Andreessen;change
There's no sense in going to a tournament if you don't believe that you can win it. And that is the belief I have always had. And that is not going to change.;Tiger Woods;change
I take sounds and change them into words.;Brian Eno;change
I think having a child can really change you if you're open to it.;Tori Amos;change
I don't think you can work on feelings in politics, apart from anything else, political change can come very unexpectedly, sometimes overnight when you least expect it.;Aung San Suu Kyi;change
I came to poetry through the urgent need to denounce injustice, exploitation, humiliation. I know that's not enough to change the world. But to remain silent would have been a kind of intolerable complicity.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;change
Life has got a habit of not standing hitched. You got to ride it like you find it. You got to change with it. If a day goes by that don't change some of your old notions for new ones, that is just about like trying to milk a dead cow.;Woody Guthrie;change
It's a huge change for your body. You don't even want to look in the mirror after you've had a baby, because your stomach is just hanging there like a Shar-Pei.;Cindy Crawford;change
I'm very comfortable with how I look. I always have been. I think I look pretty good. There's nothing I want to change. I'm pretty happy with what I've got.;Avril Lavigne;change
Hope and Change has become Divide and Conquer.;Marco Rubio;change
There are pros and cons of experience. A con is that you can't look at the business with a fresh pair of eyes and as objectively as if you were a new CEO. Fire yourself on a Friday night and come in on Monday morning as if a search firm put you there as a turn-around leader. Can you be objective and make the bold change?;Andrea Jung;change
Which goes to show you, you can make all the laws you want, but you cannot change people's ways. If you must change them, you have to understand that it will take a long time.;Miriam Makeba;change
Those people in New York are not gonna change me none.;Elvis Presley;change
I spent a lot of my life holding back my cries, and I want to change that because it's not good for me.;Shania Twain;change
The difference between a movie star and a movie actor is this - a movie star will say, 'How can I change the script to suit me?' and a movie actor will say. 'How can I change me to suit the script?';Michael Caine;change
Well, what was called the blessed hope of the Bible is that one day Jesus Christ would come back again, start a whole new era, that this world order that we know it would change into something that would be wonderful that we'd call the millennium.;Pat Robertson;change
You will never change your life until you change something you do daily.;Mike Murdock;change
If you've ever made change in the offering plate, you might be a redneck.;Jeff Foxworthy;change
The new dynamics between brands and consumers, driven by social media, are proving to be a powerful impetus for change.;Simon Mainwaring;change
The world does not need tourists who ride by in a bus clucking their tongues. The world as it is needs those who will love it enough to change it, with what they have, where they are.;Robert Fulghum;change
I think sometimes when children grow up, their parents grow up. Mine grew up with me. We coexist. I don't try to change them anymore, and I don't think they try to change me. We agree to disagree.;Katy Perry;change
I love what I do, and when I don't love what I do, I'll make a change.;Katy Perry;change
I've always been ambitious since I was nine years old and that was never going to change.;Katy Perry;change
I think sometimes when children grow up, their parents grow up. Mine grew up with me. We coexist. I don't try to change them anymore, and I don't think they try to change me.;Katy Perry;change
People don't change their behavior unless it makes a difference for them to do so.;Sharon Stone;change
We have to do more than just elect a new President if we truly want to change this country.;Dan Quayle;change
Logic will never change emotion or perception.;Edward de Bono;change
And Seaman, just like a falling oak, manages to change direction.;John Motson;change
Certainly, travel is more than the seeing of sights it is a change that goes on, deep and permanent, in the ideas of living.;Miriam Beard;change
You don't change the course of history by turning the faces of portraits to the wall.;Jawaharlal Nehru;change
The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come.;Dante Alighieri;change
Let us take things as we find them: let us not attempt to distort them into what they are not... We cannot make facts. All our wishing cannot change them. We must use them.;John Henry Newman;change
Customs and convictions change respectable people are the last to know, or to admit, the change, and the ones most offended by fresh reflections of the facts in the mirror of art.;John Updike;change
My goal was never to just create a company. A lot of people misinterpret that, as if I don't care about revenue or profit or any of those things. But what not being just a company means to me is not being just that - building something that actually makes a really big change in the world.;Mark Zuckerberg;change
It is time to change our policy of appeasement toward the Palestinians, to strengthen our ties with the nation of Israel.;Rick Perry;change
Our nation is being led astray by ungodly judges, mayors and governors, who are given to change, defying the Constitution and substituting their own wicked agendas.;David Wilkerson;change
For the last 20 years of my life, I've had the mantra to do amazing parts with amazing people in amazing projects, so I'm attracted to good story, writing and character and good people. That's what I'm always searching for and I don't think that's ever going to change.;John Hawkes;change
Making money is not gonna change anything about what I am, except I won't answer the door.;Abel Ferrara;change
I just think that sometimes we hang onto people or relationships long after they've ceased to be of any use to either of you. I'm always meeting new people, and my list of friends seems to change quite a bit.;John Cleese;change
The only change is that baseball has turned Paige from a second class citizen to a second class immortal.;Satchel Paige;change
The idea of the sacred is quite simply one of the most conservative notions in any culture, because it seeks to turn other ideas - uncertainty, progress, change - into crimes.;Salman Rushdie;change
Cubism was an attack on the perspective that had been known and used for 500 years. It was the first big, big change. It confused people: they said, 'Things don't look like that!';David Hockney;change
Economically, it's more expensive to make movies. I hope digital movies change that.;Ang Lee;change
I didn't want to go out and change anything. I just wanted to make the music that was part of my background, which was rock and blues and hip-hop.;Kid Rock;change
I love to watch times change!;Karl Lagerfeld;change
It's best to leap into something you know you love. You might change your mind later, but that is the privilege of youth.;Charles Kuralt;change
I hope to bring much more attention to important issues and change for issues and practices that are harming animals.;Kesha;change
Effectively, change is almost impossible without industry-wide collaboration, cooperation and consensus.;Simon Mainwaring;change
What is sure is that technological change is accelerating in all directions and, like children playing in a fountain, consumers are reveling in the experience.;Simon Mainwaring;change
The question remains: which brands will commit to creating a private sector pillar of social change, and which will become casualties of their own outdated thinking?;Simon Mainwaring;change
The creative destruction that social media is currently unleashing will change more than technology or the leader board of the Fortune 100. It is driving a qualitative shift in the nature of relationships between brands and their customers.;Simon Mainwaring;change
It is time for corporate America to become 'the third pillar' of social change in our society, complementing the first two pillars of government and philanthropy. We need the entire private sector to begin committing itself not just to making profits, but to fulfilling higher and larger purposes by contributing to building a better world.;Simon Mainwaring;change
When people align around shared political, social, economic or environmental values, and take collective action, thinking and behavior that compromises the lives of millions of people around the world can truly change.;Simon Mainwaring;change
Brands must empower their community to be change agents in their own right. To that end, they need to take on a mentoring role. This means the brand provides the tools, techniques and strategies for their customers to become more effective marketers in achieving their own goals.;Simon Mainwaring;change
With the never-ending stream of new social technologies, apps and platforms rolling out every day, its easy to get lost in the minutiae of social media. Yet for there to be effective change, especially within large, top-down, hierarchical institutions, a company must have an over-arching understanding of the new role it has to play.;Simon Mainwaring;change
And it's absolutely true that male sexual behaviour and female responses to male demands change a lot when they start communicating - and the levels of the communication that I've seen on the ground in very, very poor areas are so high and I think why don't we have that here?;Emma Thompson;change
I have always been aware that you have to get people listening before you can change their minds. Any artist's big fear is being ignored, so if you get debate, that's great.;Damien Hirst;change
We think that democracy can change a lot of things, but we're being fooled, because democracy is not the election. We've been taught that democracy is having elections. And it isn't. Elections are the most horrendous aspect of democracy. It's the most mundane, trivial, disappointing, dirty aspect.;Gael Garcia Bernal;change
Before 'Schindler's List,' I wouldn't have believed movies had a lot of power for social change.;Liam Neeson;change
The best thing about acting is that I get to lose myself in another character and actually get paid for it... It's a great outlet. I'm not really sure who I am - it seems I change every day.;Leonardo DiCaprio;change
I believe that history has shape, order, and meaning that exceptional men, as much as economic forces, produce change and that passe abstractions like beauty, nobility, and greatness have a shifting but continuing validity.;Camille Paglia;change
I respect the astute and rigorously unsentimental David Horowitz as one of America's most original and courageous political analysts. He has the true 1960s spirit - audacious and irreverent, yet passionately engaged and committed to social change.;Camille Paglia;change
The '80s made up for all the abuse I took during the '70s. I outlived all my critics. By the time I retired, everybody saw me as a venerable institution. Things do change.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;change
I think change is possible, but only for individuals who were never truly gay in the first place and who have a strong personal motivation to recover their heterosexuality.;Marilyn vos Savant;change
When you lead change, sometimes you get arrows in your back. I mean, that's just the way the real world is.;Carly Fiorina;change
An apology might help, but you can change your life without one.;Robin Quivers;change
When he was born, I looked at my little boy and felt an unconditional love I never knew was inside me. As he grew, and I watched him stagger about, squeak his first words, and turn into a beautiful little boy, that feeling did not change.;Tony Parsons;change
Even if I know I shall never change the masses, never transform anything permanent, all I ask is that the good things also have their place, their refuge.;Richard Wagner;change
Mental illness is the last frontier. The gay thing is part of everyday life now on a show like 'Modern Family,' but mental illness is still full of stigma. Maybe it is time for that to change.;Eric McCormack;change
I love street style, seeing how girls wear pieces and how their pair accessories with their outfit. How they pair shoes with a bag and go to day to night and change things up.;Maria Sharapova;change
The only change I can really see is that I don't have to shop for pants in stores anymore.;Larry David;change
Obviously comedic styles do change.;Larry David;change
Sometimes I have these fantasies of just moving to a foreign country and coming back with a full head of hair. Or not even come back! Make a new life there with hair... Change my name, just see what happens.;Larry David;change
Anyone who's lost someone to cancer will say this, that you have to struggle to try to remember the person before the diagnosis happened, because they really do change - as anyone would change.;Mindy Kaling;change
We are volcanoes. When we women offer our experience as our truth, as human truth, all the maps change. There are new mountains.;Ursula K. Le Guin;change
Change is vital, improvement the logical form of change.;James Cash Penney;change
Rather than saying, 'My checking account is a wreck,' change it to 'I will learn how to track my spending and balance my checkbook.';Suze Orman;change
I mean, if you didn't get it or if you didn't feel like you enjoyed it, sometimes that experience can change.;Keanu Reeves;change
It took me so many years to move out. I'm definitely a bit of a Peter Pan, reluctant to grow up. It all seemed really nice at home-why change it? Part of me would prefer not to have any responsibility whatsoever.;Helena Bonham Carter;change
I have to struggle to change people's perceptions of me. I grew very frustrated with the perception that I'm this shy, retiring, inhibited aristocratic creature when I'm absolutely not like that at all. I think I'm much more outgoing and exuberant than my image.;Helena Bonham Carter;change
To some extent, Seattle remains a frontier metropolis, a place where people can experiment with their lives, and change and grow and make things happen.;Tom Robbins;change
I change my mind so much I need two boyfriends and a girlfriend.;Pink;change
Don't manage - lead change before you have to.;Jack Welch;change
Probably the most visible example of unintended consequences, is what happens every time humans try to change the natural ecology of a place.;Margaret J. Wheatley;change
Everything will change. The only question is growing up or decaying.;Nikki Giovanni;change
One good teacher in a lifetime may sometimes change a delinquent into a solid citizen.;Philip Wylie;change
A technical solution may be defined as one that requires a change only in the techniques of the natural sciences, demanding little or nothing in the way of change in human values or ideas of morality.;Garrett Hardin;change
You put high heels on and you change.;Manolo Blahnik;change
I mean, language fascinates me anyway, and different words have different energies and you can change the whole drive of a sentence.;Alan Rickman;change
The art of living does not consist in preserving and clinging to a particular mode of happiness, but in allowing happiness to change its form without being disappointed by the change happiness, like a child, must be allowed to grow up.;Charles Morgan;change
