As an actress, it's part of your job to be able to imagine just about anything - even if it's not within your personal experience.;Rachel Weisz;experience
If you search and search and stop searching, then ultimately you'll find what you need. It is the experience of living.;Marion Cotillard;experience
Writing a story or a novel is one way of discovering sequence in experience, of stumbling upon cause and effect in the happenings of a writer's own life.;Eudora Welty;experience
I learn from experience.;Alan Dershowitz;experience
It's always good to get a smaller tournament under your belt so that by the time you get to the Slams, you have a lot of experience.;Serena Williams;experience
There's no experience like on-the-job training.;Hank Azaria;experience
I started thinking about joy. Everything in our society is so purposeful. Let's bring joy back to the experience.;Sara Blakely;experience
When I was 27 years old, I organized legal aid clinics to help low-income seniors. It was a life-altering experience.;Ron Wyden;experience
Yes, all my songs come from personal experience and relationships.;Rick Springfield;experience
The essence of a role-playing game is that it is a group, cooperative experience.;Gary Gygax;experience
I think newspapers shouldn't try to compete directly with the Web, and should do what they can do better, which may be long-form journalism and using photos and art, and making connections with large-form graphics and really enhancing the tactile experience of paper.;Dave Eggers;experience
Well, my background is journalism. I don't have any creative-writing experience except for one class I took as a sophomore in college.;Dave Eggers;experience
Religion points to that area of human experience where in one way or another man comes upon mystery as a summons to pilgrimage.;Frederick Buechner;experience
Do I ever think Gossip will be really massive in America? No, I don't think it'll happen - and that's fine. It's kind of nice because I get to experience everything at once. I get to come home and it not be weird, like in Paris or something. It is nice to be completely anonymous.;Beth Ditto;experience
Great art - or good art - is when you look at it, experience it and it stays in your mind. I don't think conceptual art and traditional art are all that different.;Damien Hirst;experience
These are tough times and under this Tory-led government many people in Manchester are suffering and getting left behind. If elected I will use all my energy, skills, experience and knowledge to stand up for our communities and get things done for the better.;Lucy Powell;experience
I guess my experience with some stuff is kind of abstract.;Joaquin Phoenix;experience
For me, I'd rather have an intense experience than not.;Joaquin Phoenix;experience
Boredom is the dream bird that hatches the egg of experience. A rustling in the leaves drives him away.;Walter Benjamin;experience
I wouldn't go up on a stage now if you paid a thousand dollars for one minute of acting. It's a nasty experience. You're up there all by yourself. You're so damn exposed.;Elia Kazan;experience
I was never afraid of failure after that because, I think, coming that close to death you get kissed. With the years, the actual experience of course fades, but the flavor of it doesn't. I just had a real sense of what choice do I have but to live fully?;Debra Winger;experience
My parents had an experience of life that is as opposite to mine as you can imagine.;Jane Pauley;experience
It's wonderful to be in love. And it's definitely wonderful to cuddle and have sex and get to experience life with somebody. But it's OK if you don't find him and you're 24. You can find it someday.;Leighton Meester;experience
No matter what his position or experience in life, there is in everyone more latent than developed ability far more unused than used power.;James Cash Penney;experience
I felt alienated by the experience and decided to stay away from corporate employment.;Lee Child;experience
The printed page conveys information and commitment, and requires active involvement. Television conveys emotion and experience, and it's very limited in what it can do logically. It's an existential experience - there and then gone.;Bill Moyers;experience
None of us feels the true love of God till we realize how wicked we are. But you can't teach people that - they have to learn by experience.;Dorothy L. Sayers;experience
I enjoy writing but I much prefer the experience of having written.;Fareed Zakaria;experience
The fact that I am a writer comes from the experience of being cut away from my roots and living in Venezuela, where I couldn't find a place for myself, for years and years.;Isabel Allende;experience
People were being so mean as a result of my ability - a gift, really. So I think that's what makes me fight harder to provide an option to aspiring kids or artists. I wouldn't want anyone to go through what I went through... to see a little girl or a little dancer experience such unnecessary rejection.;Laurieann Gibson;experience
I have the ordinary experience of being anonymous when I'm in an airplane talking to air-traffic control, and they don't know who they're talking to. I have a lot of common experiences.;Harrison Ford;experience
To me, the job of the artist is to provide a useful and intelligent vocabulary for the world to be able to articulate feelings they experience everyday, and otherwise wouldn't have the means to express in a meaningful and useful way.;Mos Def;experience
Making movies is a very different experience in a lot of ways. It's difficult when you're used to owning the copyright and having a landlord's possessory rights - I rent my plays to the companies that do them and, if I'm upset, I can pull the play. But the only two directors I've worked with are pretty great.;Tony Kushner;experience
Acting can be a narrow and isolated experience, because you only examine your particular part.;Damian Lewis;experience
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it.;Jane Smiley;experience
That's one of the benefits of working on big budget films. You work with people who have a lot of experience and you get to learn a lot.;Liev Schreiber;experience
I was an only child. I've known only children. From this experience, I do believe that the children should outnumber the parents.;Jane Smiley;experience
Film is such a bizarre vehicle for acting. It's such a bizarre experience. I don't think you ever really get familiar with it. If you do get familiar with it, you're probably not that good anymore.;Liev Schreiber;experience
When a novel has 200,000 words, then it is possible for the reader to experience 200,000 delights, and to turn back to the first page of the book and experience them all over again, perhaps more intensely.;Jane Smiley;experience
I definitely feel more complete than before. There's a void you have when you don't feel you've found the other part of who you are, so I'm in a different place now and that's nice to experience.;Mariah Carey;experience
I think it's really, really important to mix it up as an actor, to try to get as much kind of varied experience as you can, not only for your own personal growth as an actor but for the audience to keep them guessing about what you're going to do.;Liev Schreiber;experience
I'm a method writer. In order to write about the emotion, I have to experience it. I get physically tired and exhausted, devoting hours and hours and hours to it.;Sherman Alexie;experience
You can't dodge them all. I got hammered plenty of times through the years. But you just get up and keep playing. I can tell you from experience, though. Sometimes it hurts like hell.;Terry Bradshaw;experience
It is often difficult to watch yourself onscreen, especially 60-feet high. As an actor, it is an uncomfortable experience.;Chris Hemsworth;experience
I've learned through experience of playing different characters, some of whom were jerks, that when you play a character who is pretentious or obnoxious, in any way, it's important to knock them down a peg.;Jonah Hill;experience
I have a mess in my head sometimes, and there's something very satisfying about putting it into words. Certainly it's not something that you're in charge of, necessarily, but writing about it, putting it into your words, can be a very powerful experience.;Carrie Fisher;experience
A city building, you experience when you walk a suburban building, you experience when you drive.;Helmut Jahn;experience
My worst hair experience was when I was trying to relax my hair and my grandmother did it. It went all straight and I looked like a black Bee Gee.;Jamie Foxx;experience
Actually, music gave me the support when I needed it. I would never have gone to college unless I'd gotten a piano scholarship. And now I'm so glad I got to learn to play the cello, which is a different experience, you're flexing a different muscle, but it's beautiful because it is music.;Jamie Foxx;experience
I hate these platforms that are all over the place today they are all about grabbing attention. They are suburban! I never do a platform. Well, I did, in the 1970s, but that was a bad experience.;Manolo Blahnik;experience
There's full consensus in the military that women shouldn't be in person-to-person combat. I don't know if we have enough experience to know whether this is the right approach. But women can be elsewhere. We have mandatory military service in Chile. I pushed for women in all areas.;Michelle Bachelet;experience
Practical wisdom is only to be learned in the school of experience. Precepts and instruction are useful so far as they go, but, without the discipline of real life, they remain of the nature of theory only.;Samuel Smiles;experience
Our subjective experience of time is highly variable. We all know that days can pass like weeks and months can feel like years, and that the opposite can be just as true: A month or year can zoom by in what feels like no time at all.;Joshua Foer;experience
The experience gathered from books, though often valuable, is but the nature of learning whereas the experience gained from actual life is one of the nature of wisdom.;Samuel Smiles;experience
Just as we accumulate memories of facts by integrating them into a network, we accumulate life experiences by integrating them into a web of other chronological memories. The denser the web, the denser the experience of time.;Joshua Foer;experience
Experience teaches us that we do not always receive the blessings we ask for in prayer.;Mary Baker Eddy;experience
My father respected and admired my mother and was a person who was always standing by my side, encouraging me to do more and believed in my capacity. So in that sense, my own experience was very good in becoming an empowered woman. From early on, I carried that strong message: 'You can do it.' So I never had any doubt that women can do a lot.;Michelle Bachelet;experience
Other people do not have to change for us to experience peace of mind.;Gerald Jampolsky;experience
I believe that being an actress or being involved in a movie has to be a life experience, otherwise why go for it? I have to change me, and I have to learn things, and I have to push me and my limits. By acting, I find a freedom inside of a prison in a way.;Juliette Binoche;experience
Like every aspect of cancer I've weathered thus far, today's experience was not at all demoralizing, expensive or humiliating. No, it was just plain fun.;April Winchell;experience
Life is full of change and uncertainty. We know this. We experience it on a daily basis.;Carre Otis;experience
I've had a fair amount of experience with snakes, and I find them to be pretty honest in terms of how you read their body language and emotions. They'll tell you when they're grumpy. They'll tell you when they're okay.;Dominic Monaghan;experience
Education is when you read the fine print. Experience is what you get if you don't.;Pete Seeger;experience
I had such a close relationship with my dog, and my dog so filled the need in my life to have children that I just wanted Cathy to have that experience.;Cathy Guisewite;experience
Baseball is a rookie, his experience no bigger than the lump in his throat as he begins fulfillment of his dream.;Ernie Harwell;experience
If the experience of science teaches anything, it's that the world is very strange and surprising. The many revolutions in science have certainly shown that.;John Polkinghorne;experience
The impulse to dream was slowly beaten out of me by experience. Now it surged up again and I hungered for books, new ways of looking and seeing.;Richard Wright;experience
I think theatre is by far the most rewarding experience for an actor. You get 4 weeks to rehearse your character and then at 7:30 pm you start acting and nobody stops you, acting with your entire soul.;Christopher Eccleston;experience
But in the back of my mind I've always looked to the biggest-scale Hollywood movies. Because to me the most satisfying experience is of watching a movie, if it's done really well. And so that aspiration is always it for me, if I have the opportunity to do it.;Christopher Nolan;experience
Man tells his aspiration in his God but in his demon he shows his depth of experience.;Margaret Fuller;experience
In my experience, it's all wonderful with girls until about 16. Around that time, boys kind of calm down and start focusing their testosterone. Girls get a little challenging, especially for fathers.;Tim Allen;experience
Whenever something happens that makes me laugh or if I remember something in the middle of the night that I want to share, I jot the experience down.;Tori Spelling;experience
My kids will grow up in a house knowing that it's perfectly normal for two men to be in love, it's perfectly normal for two women to be in love. My kids will grow up knowing it's all about love. It doesn't matter who you're with and everyone should have that experience.;Tori Spelling;experience
I'd like to work with Justin Bieber. He's talented and he's so young. I know what he's going through. I've lived what he's living through right now. Working with him would complete a circle of sorts for me. And he might find it a worthwhile experience himself.;Donny Osmond;experience
'Donny and Marie' was a great experience. I tried so hard to be a great talk show host but it's all about relaxing and enjoying it. Marie and I finally figured that out. I would have liked it to continue but I'm kind of glad it's over because of the phenomenal workload.;Donny Osmond;experience
I didn't go to high school, so I don't have a high school experience. I was home-schooled during high school.;Josh Hutcherson;experience
My faith experience, well, as you can imagine, you need a lot of faith to raise five boys.;Ann Romney;experience
It's been quite an experience, being conservative and living in the North East.;Ann Romney;experience
There can be nothing exclusive about substantial art. It comes directly out of the heart of the experience of life and thinking about life and living life.;Charles Ives;experience
I decided blacks should not have to experience the difficulties I had faced, so I decided to open a flying school and teach other black women to fly.;Bessie Coleman;experience
The only time I ever went hunting I remembered it as a grisly experience.;Gloria Swanson;experience
When you do find humor in trying times, one of the first and most important changes you experience is that you see your perplexing problems in a new way - you suddenly have a new perspective on them.;Allen Klein;experience
My Marine experience helped shape who I am now personally and professionally, and I am grateful for that on an almost daily basis.;Jim Lehrer;experience
A sense of freedom is something that, happily, comes with age and life experience.;Diane Keaton;experience
The act of writing... is the act of trying to understand why my opinion is what it is. And ultimately, I think that's the same experience the reader has when they pick up one of my books.;Jodi Picoult;experience
To pursue a so-called Third Way is foolish. We had our experience with this in the 1960s when we looked for a socialism with a human face. It did not work, and we must be explicit that we are not aiming for a more efficient version of a system that has failed.;Vaclav Klaus;experience
And I thought, when I have kids, that's the sort of well told, silly, and fun fairy tale that I would want to take them to. But it was an amazing experience. And I think Shrek is a real classic, a fairy tale classic.;Mike Myers;experience
I would love to be a father. I had a great father who taught me how gratifying that is. I'm not going to deny myself that. I think I'd be good at it. Everybody wants that experience. I definitely do.;Mike Myers;experience
You can never regret anything you do in life. You kind of have to learn the lesson from whatever the experience is and take it with you on your journey forward.;Aubrey O'Day;experience
When I go to my live shows it's often a multigenerational audience, a family bonding experience.;Al Yankovic;experience
Directing is a more pragmatic experience, where you have to deal with the restrictions of time and money that force you to make certain decisions you don't have to make when you're writing.;Charlie Kaufman;experience
When I'm writing, I'm trying to immerse myself in the chaos of an emotional experience, rather than separate myself from it and look back at it from a distance with clarity and tell it as a story. Because that's how life is lived, you know?;Charlie Kaufman;experience
I think you just assume that your memory is just sort of a video playback of your experience, but it's nothing like that at all. It's a complete refabrication of an event and a lot of it is made up, because you're filling in spaces.;Charlie Kaufman;experience
Reading the play at home, however fulfilling, can never be the vivacious experience that Shakespeare intended.;Arthur Smith;experience
Learning is a tunnel experience that makes us think more broadly.;Anna Deavere Smith;experience
In life there are no problems, that is, objective and external choices there is only the life which we do not resolve as a problem but which we live as an experience, whatever the final result may be.;Alberto Moravia;experience
Have you ever watched someone become American? Last week, at a national citizenship conference I organize, thirty immigrants from 17 countries swore an oath and became citizens of the United States. It was a stirring experience for the hundreds of people in the room.;Eric Liu;experience
People who run for president seriously and people who become president enter a bizarre secret society in which they have had an experience that none of us will ever have.;John Hodgman;experience
The most experience I had in the criminology field is playing a thug as an actor. That was my first paid job. The police academy at the college was paying people to reenact the calls that potential cops would get. So I got to play thugs and people who were unruly.;Jeremy Renner;experience
