I auditioned on my own. I tried to make a mark for myself without anybody's help, not even Mom's.;Kate Hudson;mom
Giving birth was easier than having a tattoo.;Nicole Appleton;mom
If my mom reads that I'm grammatically incorrect I'll have hell to pay.;Larisa Oleynik;mom
If you ever become a mother, can I have one of the puppies?;Charles Pierce;mom
I'd go to, like, six different schools in one year. We were on welfare, and my mom never ever worked.;Eminem;mom
We need somebody who's got the heart, the empathy, to recognize what it's like to be a young teenage mom, the empathy to understand what it's like to be poor or African-American or gay or disabled or old - and that's the criterion by which I'll be selecting my judges.;Barack Obama;mom
Dad needs to show an incredible amount of respect and humor and friendship toward his mate so the kids understand their parents are sexy, they're fun, they do things together, they're best friends. Kids learn by example. If I respect Mom, they're going to respect Mom.;Tim Allen;mom
Mom and Dad were married 64 years. And if you wondered what their secret was, you could have asked the local florist - because every day Dad gave Mom a rose, which he put on her bedside table. That's how she found out what happened on the day my father died - she went looking for him because that morning, there was no rose.;Mitt Romney;mom
My mom and dad gave their kids the greatest gift of all - the gift of unconditional love. They cared deeply about who we would be, and much less about what we would do.;Mitt Romney;mom
A guy is a lump like a doughnut. So, first you gotta get rid of all the stuff his mom did to him. And then you gotta get rid of all that macho crap that they pick up from beer commercials. And then there's my personal favorite, the male ego.;Roseanne Barr;mom
When my mom ran for the Senate, my dad was there for her every step of the way. I can still hear her saying in her beautiful voice, 'Why should women have any less say than men, about the great decisions facing our nation?';Mitt Romney;mom
Being a Hot Mom means being respected as a mom and a woman. And, the key to being a Hot Mom is having a sense of humor about yourself and all the crazy situations that arise.;Jami Gertz;mom
I believe this with all my heart: The greatest coach of all time in my eyes is my mom. She's instilled in me a toughness and a perseverance and just a never-quit mentality, and I thank her every day for providing me, for what she sacrificed her life for.;Scott Brooks;mom
My mom was such a strong character. I don't want to say she was like a man, but she was tough.;Lance Armstrong;mom
My mom and I have always been really close. She's always been the friend that was always there. There were times when, in middle school and junior high, I didn't have a lot of friends. But my mom was always my friend. Always.;Taylor Swift;mom
For everything I do, I think about a 6-year-old girl and her mom that I saw at my concert last night. I think about what those two individuals would think if I were at a club last night. I never want to be arrested, and I never want to get a DUI, those are my moral values.;Taylor Swift;mom
It was my 16th birthday - my mom and dad gave me my Goya classical guitar that day. I sat down, wrote this song, and I just knew that that was the only thing I could ever really do - write songs and sing them to people.;Stevie Nicks;mom
As a mom, I know it is my responsibility, and no one else's, to raise my kids. But we have to ask ourselves, what does it mean when so many parents are finding their best efforts undermined by an avalanche of advertisements aimed at our kids.;Michelle Obama;mom
One of the greatest titles in the world is parent, and one of the biggest blessings in the world is to have parents to call mom and dad.;Jim DeMint;mom
I love those hockey moms. You know what they say the difference between a hockey mom and a pit bull is? Lipstick.;Sarah Palin;mom
For me, already being part of a single parent household and knowing it was just me and my mom, you'd would wake up times and hope that the next day you'd be able to be alongside your mother because she was out trying to make sure that I was taken care of. But all I cared about was her being home.;LeBron James;mom
Don't let people disrespect you. My mom says don't open the door to the devil. Surround yourself with positive people.;Cuba Gooding, Jr.;mom
Having a child makes you realize the importance of life - narcissism goes out the window. Heaven on earth is looking at my little boy. The minute he was born, I knew if I never did anything other than being a mom, I'd be fine.;Jenny McCarthy;mom
My mom and I had the same vision, and we want the same things. We would always make a goal list every year.;Kim Kardashian;mom
I don't want to be perfect, but I do want to be a role model. My mom always tells me that imperfections equal beauty. All of us are imperfect.;Miley Cyrus;mom
When you are getting ready to become a mom, being in love with someone just isn't enough. You need to think about whether he would be a good parent and raise your children with similar beliefs.;Cindy Crawford;mom
My sisters and my mom, those people help me get through every single day.;Demi Lovato;mom
"I told my mom, 'I'm not buying another magazine until I can get past this thought of looking like the girl on the cover'. She said, ""Miley, you are the girl on the cover,' and I was, like, 'I know, but I don't feel like that girl every day.' You can't always feel perfect.";Miley Cyrus;mom
When love is gone, there's always justice. And when justice is gone, there's always force. And when force is gone, there's always Mom. Hi, Mom!;Laurie Anderson;mom
I love my mom. My mom loves me. We don't have an easy relationship. I don't think we ever will, but I'd rather have a complicated, misunderstood relationship than have no relationship at all.;Tori Spelling;mom
My mom never taught me to be waiting for some prince on a white horse to swipe me off my feet.;Tyra Banks;mom
I always wanted what Mom and Dad had.;Kim Kardashian;mom
My dad is still Christian Scientist. My mom's not, and I'm not. But I believe in God, and that there's a higher power and an intelligence that's bigger than us and that we can rely on. It's not just us, thinking we are the ones in control of everything. That idea gives me support.;Ellen DeGeneres;mom
My mom took me to see Carnal Knowledge and The Wild Bunch and all these kind of movies when I was a kid.;Quentin Tarantino;mom
People think I have courage. The courage in my family are my wife Pam, my three daughters, here, Nicole, Jamie, LeeAnn, my mom, who's right here too.;Jim Valvano;mom
When I was 5, some financial things happened, and I moved seven times in a year. We moved from apartment to apartment, sometimes living with friends. My mom would always say, 'Don't get comfortable, because we may not be here long.';LeBron James;mom
I can only hope to be 10 percent of the mom mine was to me. She encouraged me to be confident and enjoy life. That's what I want for my son.;Charlize Theron;mom
You know, I don't think any mother aims to be a single mom. I didn't wish for that, but it happened.;Charlize Theron;mom
My mom decorated with lots of antiques. I never liked it when I was a little girl - I wanted to live in a modern house. But now I love it.;Paris Hilton;mom
Looking back, I think I was always musical. My dad was very musical, and I think my mom was musical.;Paul McCartney;mom
It wasn't so long ago that I was a working mom myself. And I know that sometimes, much as we all hate to admit it, it's just easier to park the kids in front of the TV for a few hours, so we can pay the bills or do the laundry or just have some peace and quiet for a change.;Michelle Obama;mom
The person who has inspired me my whole life is my Mom, because she taught me commitment. She sacrificed.;Mike Krzyzewski;mom
My mom is always telling me it takes a long time to get to the top, but a short time to get to the bottom.;Miley Cyrus;mom
My mom and I are very close.;Lady Gaga;mom
My mom is the backbone not just of my family but of many families.;Shia LaBeouf;mom
I could get away with not taking care of myself as a bachelorette but as a mom I can't.;Alanis Morissette;mom
Mom was 50 when my Dad died. She got on a bus every weekday for years, and rode 40 miles each morning to Madison. She earned a new degree and learned new skills to start her small business. It wasn't just a new livelihood. It was a new life.;Paul Ryan;mom
And to this day, my Mom is my role model.;Paul Ryan;mom
A Romney-Ryan administration will protect and strengthen Medicare, for my Mom's generation, for my generation, and for my kids and yours.;Paul Ryan;mom
What makes me happy is just curling up in with my mom in her bed and watching a marathon of 'CSI' and 'Grey's Anatomy' episodes with pints of ice cream.;Taylor Swift;mom
I started cooking when I was about 10. I have memories like when I was 6 or 7 with my mom, and when I was 12 I started getting real serious about cooking.;Emeril Lagasse;mom
Studies show that children best flourish when one mom and one dad are there to raise them.;John Boehner;mom
I know I'm talented, but I wasn't put here to sing. I was put here to be a wife and a mom and look after my family. I love what I do, but it's not where it begins and ends.;Amy Winehouse;mom
My mom was tough.;Tiger Woods;mom
When I was really young, my mom enrolled me in dance classes.;Jeff Bridges;mom
I think my love of journalizing my life comes from my mom.;Jeff Bridges;mom
My mom wasn't a movie star.;Jeff Bridges;mom
I became a mom at 37 and having a child has been an emancipation for me.;Tori Amos;mom
My inspiration was my mom. She's a great cook, and she still cooks, and we still banter back and forth about cooking. Growing up in a mostly Portuguese community, food was important and the family table was extremely important. At a very young age I understood that.;Emeril Lagasse;mom
My parents were working class folks. My dad was a bartender for most of his life, my mom was a maid and a cashier and a stock clerk at WalMart. We were not people of financial means in terms of significant financial means. I always told them, 'I didn't always have what I wanted. I always had what I needed.' My parents always provided that.;Marco Rubio;mom
My dad was a bartender. My mom was a cashier, a maid and a stock clerk at K-Mart. They never made it big. They were never rich. And yet they were successful. Because just a few decades removed from hopelessness, they made possible for us all the things that had been impossible for them.;Marco Rubio;mom
My mom and I have always been very close. She is my best friend. She had to make a lot of sacrifices early on in my life to make sure I got to do what I wanted to do.;Norah Jones;mom
My mom brought me up to believe that my talent is a gift and a blessing.;Christina Aguilera;mom
Thankfully, I have my mom and a small group of close friends who are there for me 24/7 and whom I can trust and depend on.;Christina Aguilera;mom
I remember watching the Grammys and looking at the performances and crying to my mom, saying how much I wanted to be there.;Christina Aguilera;mom
I always wanted to be a mom.;Heidi Klum;mom
When I was younger, I had a perm, and it was really big. My mom was a hairdresser, so even my dad had a perm! I looked like a poodle, but it was cool at the time.;Heidi Klum;mom
I'm a lioness. I have four cubs. I'm a mom. I want to take care of my kids and protect them.;Heidi Klum;mom
My mom is at my house every day, and she nags me about everything, especially hygiene.;Shia LaBeouf;mom
I remember driving to North Carolina when I was a little girl in a snowstorm to get down to my mom's family in the Carolinas. There were chains on the car - it was the late sixties - and we were just singing in the car. Christmas carols.;Tori Amos;mom
When I was little, my mom tells me, I used to say things like, 'Mom do you hear the string section? Do you hear the string section?' And she would look at me and say, 'No honey, I don't know what you're talking about.';Tori Amos;mom
Being the only man in the household with my mom definitely helped me grow up fast.;LeBron James;mom
If I could get any animal it would be a dolphin. I want one so bad. Me and my mom went swimming with dolphins and I was like, 'How do we get one of those?' and she was like, 'You can't get a dolphin. What are you gonna do, like, put it in your pool?';Miley Cyrus;mom
I'm not a religious person. My mom was of Jewish blood and my dad was Protestant.;Daniel Radcliffe;mom
My dad believes in God, I think. I'm not sure if my mom does. I don't.;Daniel Radcliffe;mom
Fortunately, when you're a mom, the responsibility of caring for your child can keep you going.;Shania Twain;mom
My mom has made it possible for me to be who I am. Our family is everything. Her greatest skill was encouraging me to find my own person and own independence.;Charlize Theron;mom
I forgive my mom for being a psycho and my dad for being a loser.;Nikki Sixx;mom
It is a sad commentary of our times when our young must seek advice and counsel from 'Dear Abby' instead of going to Mom and Dad.;Abigail Van Buren;mom
I hear my friends and my mom tell me I'm special, but honestly, I still don't get it.;LeBron James;mom
My mom and I have always been there for each other. We had some tough times, but she was always there for me.;LeBron James;mom
I don't want to have kids for like 10 years. I still have a lot to do. I don't even know if I could handle a dog right now. I'm so not ready. Someday I'll be a mom but not until I'm in my 30s.;Avril Lavigne;mom
As a mom I know that raising children is the hardest job there is.;Hilary Rosen;mom
I consider my mom and all my sisters my friends.;Alexa Vega;mom
The best situation is being a single parent. The best part about is that you get time off, too, because the kids are with their mom, so it's the best of both worlds. There's a lot to be said for it.;Larry David;mom
My mom, Irmelin, taught me the value of life. Her own life was saved by my grandmother during World War II.;Leonardo DiCaprio;mom
I'm going to let people know that it's cool to have a child and be young and still be a good mom. It's really tough, but I'm doing it.;Brandy Norwood;mom
My mom, God rest her soul - she liked nicknames. In the womb she named me Skip. There was another black guy in Piedmont, W.Va., and his name was Skip. They called him Big Skip, and I was Little Skip.;Henry Louis Gates;mom
I feel like a good mom. I'm a strong woman now... Don't look down on me. Pray for me because I'm trying.;Fantasia Barrino;mom
And the greatest lesson that mom ever taught me though was this one. She told me there would be times in your life when you have to choose between being loved and being respected. Now she said to always pick being respected.;Chris Christie;mom
Being a mom has made me so tired. And so happy.;Tina Fey;mom
My father wasn't really involved and my mom is the light in my life.;Marion Jones;mom
The real estate agent had to go door-to-door in the apartment building we wanted to rent, asking if it was OK for this interracial family - my mom is white and I was a 1-year-old half-African kid - to live in the apartment building.;Tom Morello;mom
My dad never blew anything up, but he probably had friends who did. He and my mom have always preached that the pen is mightier than a Molotov cocktail.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;mom
I grabbed my mom and I went to the couch and I said, 'Mom I want to ask Jesus to come into my heart.' And I got on my knee and I asked Jesus to come into my heart, forgive me of my sins, and make me a child of God.;Tim Tebow;mom
My mom used to make everything. She had a great garden and composted and made everything from scratch - peanut butter, bread, jelly, everything. I don't know how she did it because all those things take time and love and labour. I only do half the stuff she does - but there's still time.;Julia Roberts;mom
I'm a mom, so I have to be comfortable. Jeans are a staple - I have way too many in my closet! It's warm in Florida, so I wear jeans and a tank top every day. I love my True Religions, my Rich and Skinny, and Citizens of Humanity. But I also love getting dressed up!;Candace Cameron Bure;mom
Mom spent the time that she was supposed to be a kid actully raising children, her younger brother and younger sister. She was tough as nails and did not suffer fools at all. And the truth was she could not afford to. She spoke the truth, bluntly, directly, and without much varnish. I am her son.;Chris Christie;mom
I didn't understand that I could sing until I was like 11 or 12. My mom heard me singing around the house and she said, What are you doing? You really can sing! So then I started going to school and singing to the girls.;Chris Brown;mom
