Mark Twain was a great traveler and he wrote three or four great travel books. I wouldn't say that I'm a travel novelist but rather a novelist who travels - and who uses travel as a background for finding stories of places.;Paul Theroux;travel
I never travel without my Stetson, but the more I wear it the more I realise that no one wears hats any more. When I was a kid everybody wore hats, especially in Texas, but I get off the plane in Dallas now and I'm the only guy with a hat. It's amazing.;Larry Hagman;travel
I am traveling less in order to be able to write more. I select my travel destinations according to their degree of usefulness to my work.;Jose Saramago;travel
Just to travel is rather boring, but to travel with a purpose is educational and exciting.;Sargent Shriver;travel
Occasionally I find a travel book that is both illuminating and entertaining, where vivid writing and research replace self-indulgence and sloppy prose.;Arthur Smith;travel
Don Quixote's 'Delusions' is an excellent read - far better than my own forthcoming travel book, 'Walking Backwards Across Tuscany.';Arthur Smith;travel
Travel books are, by and large, boring. They lodge uncomfortably between fact, fiction and autobiography.;Arthur Smith;travel
Could I say that the reason that I am here today, you know, from the mouth of the State Department itself, is: I should not be allowed to travel because I have struggled for years for the independence of the colonial peoples of Africa.;Paul Robeson;travel
I'm obsessed with Nicholas Sparks. I've literally read every single book, because every time I travel, at the airport, I always buy a new Nicholas Sparks book.;Emma Roberts;travel
You do not travel if you are afraid of the unknown, you travel for the unknown, that reveals you with yourself.;Ella Maillart;travel
My kids started school, so having a strong base in Melbourne has been a key priority. I'm not daunted by the travel. People say, 'It's so far to Australia,' and I say, 'You get on the plane, you eat well, you sleep, you wake up - and you're there.';Geoffrey Rush;travel
I was young. I was newly married. And I had worked like a dog. I just wanted to live and travel.;Sarah Michelle Gellar;travel
Some minds improve by travel, others, rather, resemble copper wire, or brass, which get the narrower by going farther.;Thomas Hood;travel
The idea of making access to safe abortions harder and more expensive and more difficult, having to travel across state lines - that puts women's health and lives in jeopardy, which is something I think no one wants.;Cynthia Nixon;travel
I would travel only by horse, if I had the choice.;Linda McCartney;travel
Each day as I travel through downtown Tucson, I am amazed at how quickly the most ancient of human behaviors have changed. For as long as there have been Homo sapiens - roughly 200,000 years - people have filled their lives principally with two activities: talking directly with other people, and doing physical things.;Andrew Weil;travel
Sometimes you want to go for a walk and you don't want to be watched. You just want to be anonymous and blend in. Especially when I travel, I feel that way, because I can't really go out and see a city the way other people can and I miss out on a lot.;Madonna Ciccone;travel
Whenever I think of the high salaries we are paid as film actors, I think it is for the travel, the time away, and any trouble you get into through being well known. It's not for the acting, that's for sure.;Bill Murray;travel
You never know when some small thing will lead to a big idea. Travel is very inspirational - but it's in the ordinary that I find my themes of love and work and family.;Adriana Trigiani;travel
I love to take risks, I love to travel, and I'm very outdoor-sy, so any girl who can pick up a football and throw a spiral will definitely catch my attention.;Kellan Lutz;travel
As far as 'Twilight' goes, I'm in love with my character. I'm in love with the whole series. I love doing the fan conventions around the world, I love to travel. So wherever it fits in, I'd love to continue doing that for the rest of my life. Just meeting the fans who made everything possible from around the world.;Kellan Lutz;travel
For 'Around the World in 80 Plates' we got to travel all over, having what was like a cross between a culinary competition and races. And in each country we had a chef Ambassador. We went to London, Barcelona, Bologna, Hong Kong, Thailand, Morocco... It was amazing.;Curtis Stone;travel
These days I travel so much it's hard to get into a routine. When I'm on the road, I tend to use hotel gyms. When I'm home in L.A., I like to hike and hit the surf. All in all, I try to keep a balanced diet and exercise routine, which has stood me in good stead to date.;Curtis Stone;travel
The kind of pace that you want to use in a Western - just to acknowledge the land in the distance that everyone has to travel, and the way things develop sort of slowly - it's almost the antithetical of what's currently going on in the movies, you know.;Lawrence Kasdan;travel
We take so many of our freedoms for granted nowadays - I can travel where I like, I can have a baby when I like, I can do any job I want - but I do think chivalry has been lost a little bit.;Dan Stevens;travel
The president felt that it was important to send an ordinary citizen to experience the excitement of space travel as a representative for all Americans.;Christa McAuliffe;travel
I think they need to get a more reliable way of watching television on the laptop. Because I travel so much, if I want to watch my favorite sports team it might not be showing in that place, so I want a reliable way to watch whatever I want to watch on my laptop.;John Legend;travel
Our career is a dream. I mean, we get to act, travel around the world, and meet cool people. What's not to love!;Mary-Kate Olsen;travel
Songs really are like a form of time travel because they really have moved forward in a bubble. Everyone who's connected with it, the studio's gone, the musicians are gone, and the only thing that's left is this recording which was only about a three-minute period maybe 70 years ago.;Tom Waits;travel
I'm living my dream right now. I get to make music, perform and travel.;Ville Valo;travel
I can create countries just as I can create the actions of my characters. That is why a lot of travel seems to me a waste of time.;Jerzy Kosinski;travel
For years, I had no time for exploratory travel.;Renee Fleming;travel
Having to travel so much plays havoc with your personal life.;Renee Fleming;travel
I associate going to an airport with work because I travel so much with my job. So when I have a few days free from work, I tend to stay at home.;Evelyn Glennie;travel
I am disabled, so I can't travel, and I have not been to any development meetings, but Gary and the others affiliated with the film keep me updated on everything.;Laura Hillenbrand;travel
Two great talkers will not travel far together.;George Borrow;travel
When I travel abroad, because I'm Columbian, I'm always one that they check twice and security and I'm the one that they open my bag and the one they pull to the side to check the visa.;Sofia Vergara;travel
If you travel to the States... they have a lot of different words than like what we use. For instance: they say 'elevator', we say 'lift' they say 'drapes', we say 'curtains' they say 'president', we say 'seriously deranged git.';Alexei Sayle;travel
What has happened to the good old-fashioned travel agent? I want to go to a really posh travel agent and have them organise everything for me. I don't want to do things on the Internet.;Jenny Eclair;travel
I just see too many people retire and say, 'I'm going to take off, travel, spend time with my family' and they are just miserable. They end up dying. People who work and stay active, and like what they are doing, live longer.;Terry Bradshaw;travel
As a person, I was born to give out my opinions. By giving out my opinions, I realize who I am. As long as I can communicate, I'm not so lonely. If I cannot travel, or do art, or have company, if they take away all my belongings, it doesn't matter at all.;Ai Weiwei;travel
I hate to travel with stuff.;Manolo Blahnik;travel
During the past few decades, modern technology, with radio, TV, air travel, and satellites, has woven a network of communication which puts each part of the world in to almost instant contact with all the other parts.;David Bohm;travel
The Queen Mary was the most civilized and luxurious way one could travel to America in the late 1930s.;Maureen O'Hara;travel
A lot of the players are not involved with any NHL team, so to play and travel around with the Oldtimers' it's a kind of gift that the players really appreciate.;Guy Lafleur;travel
When I was deputy chairman I could travel from Glasgow to Edinburgh without leaving Tory land. In a two-week period I covered every constituency in which we had an MP. There were 14. Now we have only one. We appear to have given up.;Jeffrey Archer;travel
That's the way both they and I travel sometimes. Pick road at random, and when it's time to pull over, you pull over and hope you can find a place to crash.;Jello Biafra;travel
Each and every one of the security measures we implement serves an important goal: providing safe and efficient air travel for the millions of people who rely on our aviation system every day.;Janet Napolitano;travel
By the time I'm 40, interplanetary travel will be common. Nobody will want to talk to me at that age, anyway.;Ace Frehley;travel
After I finished high school I went to Hong Kong and Thailand and spent some time there. Just to get that whole experience of being out of the bubble that I was in from high school in Vancouver, to be able to travel around and be on your own was an amazing experience.;Shay Mitchell;travel
What should I have known or written had I been a quiet, mercantile politician or a lord in waiting? A man must travel, and turmoil, or there is no existence.;George Byron;travel
I travel around and hear from so many kids. Their parents say they were always very picky but they watch the show and they want to try stuff. The show is entertainment, but I think it has done so much for the public perception of what food can be.;Tom Colicchio;travel
People aren't just paying more to fill their gas tanks or when they pay for their heating bills for their home they are paying more at the grocery store, on air travel and for many other daily expenses.;Dan Lipinski;travel
Local economies are suffering as people spend more on fuel and less on consumer goods and travel.;Dan Lipinski;travel
I'm sure we'll be Tweetin' up the Twitosphere as we travel around the world playing music.;Brandon Boyd;travel
Not only does travel give us a new system of reckoning, it also brings to the fore unknown aspects of our own self. Our consciousness being broadened and enriched, we shall judge ourselves more correctly.;Ella Maillart;travel
Shall we ever see the 10 million things of the universe simultaneously in order to be the all? I am convinced that to live is to travel towards the world's end.;Ella Maillart;travel
Travel can also be the spirit of adventure somewhat tamed, for those who desire to do something they are a bit afraid of.;Ella Maillart;travel
I want to take piano lessons, I want to study at university, I want to travel, I want to do other parts, make another movie.;Zach Braff;travel
The best way to travel abroad is to live with the locals.;Zach Braff;travel
Because I travel so much, I bring my workout clothes and shoes wherever I go. That way I can always do some exercise.;Gail Simmons;travel
For many years, it seemed as if nothing changed in Norway. You could leave the country for three months, travel the world, through coups d'etat, assassinations, famines, massacres and tsunamis, and come home to find that the only new thing in the newspapers was the crossword puzzle.;Jo Nesbo;travel
The world reveals itself to those who travel on foot.;Werner Herzog;travel
I travel without barely any luggage. Just a second set of underwear and binoculars and a map and a toothbrush.;Werner Herzog;travel
American movies are often very good at mining those great underlying myths that make films robustly travel across class, age, gender, culture.;Tom Hooper;travel
This June, I'll travel once again to the Food and Wine Magazine Classic in Aspen, Colorado. For many years, my dear friend Julia Child and I have teamed up to teach classes together at the event for the past seven years, my daughter, Claudine, has been my cooking partner on stage.;Jacques Pepin;travel
I wrote those poems for myself, as a way of being a soldier here in this country. I didn't know the poems would travel. I didn't go to Lebanon until two years ago, but people told me that many Arabs had memorized these poems and translated them into Arabic.;June Jordan;travel
Ours is the century of enforced travel of disappearances. The century of people helplessly seeing others, who were close to them, disappear over the horizon.;John Berger;travel
A careful inspection showed them that, even if they succeeded in righting it by themselves, the cart would travel no longer. The axles were in a hopeless state, and the missing wheel was shattered into pieces.;Kenneth Grahame;travel
But you can travel on for ten thousand miles, and still stay where you are.;Harry Chapin;travel
I remember telling my creative writing teacher that you never want to have a journal, because if you lose it, then someone's going to know all your secrets. And then she stopped using a journal, but I always write everything down... Anytime I travel, I try and fill up notepads.;Garrett Hedlund;travel
And what is liberty, whose very name makes the heart beat faster and shakes the world? Is it not the union of all liberties - liberty of conscience, of education, of association, of the press, of travel, or labor, or trade?;Frederic Bastiat;travel
I don't take any photographs. I travel a lot by myself, and I feel weird taking photos on my own.;Jamie Bell;travel
As an actor, I travel around a lot and live in a lot of hotels, and many times I've been in a town where the only entertainment to be had is what you find in the hotel bar or lobby.;Beau Bridges;travel
My ideal travel companions are my family.;Pharrell Williams;travel
I never subscribe to the stay-at-home policy. I'm not sick of the road or sick of eating in good restaurants around the country. I like to travel.;Levon Helm;travel
We're all dealt with the same hand here, so to speak. I feel like I've had it a lot better than most people. I've had the opportunity to travel and play music all my life.;Levon Helm;travel
There is a part of me that still wants to go out and grab a backpack and unplug - not take a cellphone or even a camera and just get out there and experience the world and travel. I have yet to do that, but someday I hope.;Emilio Estevez;travel
I got the chance to do things that I dreamed of when I was a kid: I got to travel around the world I had my own 'Goosebumps' attraction at Disney World I've been on TV and had three TV series.;R. L. Stine;travel
I didn't realize what an impact having a No. 1 single would have. It connects me with people of different ages, and I get to travel all over the world.;Lisa Loeb;travel
Through travel I first became aware of the outside world it was through travel that I found my own introspective way into becoming a part of it.;Eudora Welty;travel
After a lifetime of world travel I've been fascinated that those in the third world don't have the same perception of reality that we do.;Jim Harrison;travel
I like to travel by myself.;Carly Rae Jepsen;travel
I have gotten to travel the world and experience all these incredible things thanks to my career.;Karlie Kloss;travel
I travel all the time.;Guy Kawasaki;travel
There are those who travel and those who are going somewhere. They are different and yet they are the same. The success has this over his rivals: He knows where he is going.;Mark Caine;travel
My public image is so low-key, but I get to travel the world and still have an audience and it's really amazing. I don't take that for granted.;K. D. Lang;travel
Travel gives me the opportunity to walk through the sectors of cities where one can clearly see the passage of time.;Jerzy Kosinski;travel
I have several dogs and several cats who aren't really mine. In fact, they think that I am theirs. I'd like to have some goats and chickens, but I travel around too much.;Eric Stoltz;travel
You travel with the hope that something unexpected will happen. It has to do with enjoying being lost and figuring it out and the satisfaction. I always get a little disappointed when I know too well where I'm going, or when I've lived in a place so long that there's no chance I could possibly get lost.;Andrew Bird;travel
I am very excited to accept the role of Honorary Patron with Hope Air because of the national scope of the organization and the very real impact they have on Canadians who need to travel to healthcare.;Rick Mercer;travel
But today we become aware of other readings of the human experience very quickly because of the media and the speed with which people travel the planet.;Chaim Potok;travel
People say, what is she thinking? I'm thinking: fun cash travel.;Gail Porter;travel
The last couple relationships I had were long distance. It's not like I can make much of an effort to travel and see anybody. The guy had to do all the work, unfortunately.;Holly Madison;travel
Southern political personalities, like sweet corn, travel badly. They lose flavor with every hundred yards away from the patch. By the time they reach New York, they are like Golden Bantam that has been trucked up from Texas - stale and unprofitable. The consumer forgets that the corn tastes different where it grows.;A. J. Liebling;travel
I don't have the luxury of having a dog myself because I travel too much, but I love walking and cuddling somebody else's dog.;Ingrid Newkirk;travel
I would love to travel around the world working for a travel company taking students abroad on cultural immersion trips.;Karen Russell;travel
I come from a small town and I come from a background where we didn't have money to travel. I thought I'd have to join the military to get to Europe. So I'm thrilled to travel.;Chris Isaak;travel
I was always very determined and ambitious, and I knew I would do something that would let me travel and stuff, but I didn't know really know what I would do to get there.;Rachel Stevens;travel
