In a clean break from the Obama years, and frankly from the years before this president, we will keep federal spending at 20 percent of GDP, or less. That is enough. The choice is whether to put hard limits on economic growth, or hard limits on the size of government, and we choose to limit government.;Paul Ryan;government
I think its rather peculiar. It's not in keeping with our founding documents, our founding vision. But I'd guess you'd have to ask the Obama administration why they purged all this language from their platform. There sure is a lot of mention of government, so I guess I would put the onus on them to answer why they did all these purges of God.;Paul Ryan;government
I can't really criticize the Tea Party people, because I came into the White House pretty much on the same basis that they have become popular. That is dissatisfaction with the way things are going in Washington and disillusionment and disencouragement about the government.;Jimmy Carter;government
Say what you like about my bloody murderous government,' I says, 'but don't insult me poor bleedin' country.;Edward Abbey;government
To reduce deficit spending and our enormous debt, you reign in spending. You cut the budget. You don't take more from the private sector and grow government with it. And that's exactly what Obama has in mind with this expiration of Bush tax cuts proposal of his.;Sarah Palin;government
The less government interferes with private pursuits, the better for general prosperity.;Martin Van Buren;government
My actions constituted pure hacking that resulted in relatively trivial expenses for the companies involved, despite the government's false claims.;Kevin Mitnick;government
If there are men in this country big enough to own the government of the United States, they are going to own it.;Woodrow Wilson;government
The awakening of the people of China to the possibilities under free government is the most significant, if not the most momentous, event of our generation.;Woodrow Wilson;government
Every form of government tends to perish by excess of its basic principle.;Will Durant;government
I have a message from the Tea Party, a message that is loud and clear and does not mince words. We've come to take our government back.;Rand Paul;government
Government works less efficiently when it begins to grow out of control and takes on more and more of the responsibilities that belong to the citizens.;Jesse Ventura;government
It was settled by the Constitution, the laws, and the whole practice of the government that the entire executive power is vested in the President of the United States.;Andrew Jackson;government
That no government, so called, can reasonably be trusted, or reasonably be supposed to have honest purposes in view, any longer than it depends wholly upon voluntary support.;Lysander Spooner;government
The Bible must be considered as the great source of all the truth by which men are to be guided in government as well as in all social transactions.;Noah Webster;government
The weather is like the government, always in the wrong.;Jerome K. Jerome;government
But those who believe that what our people desire is big government are living in a state of delusion.;Marco Rubio;government
But America was founded on the principle that every person has God-given rights. That power belongs to the people. That government exists to protect our rights and serve our interests.That we shouldn't be trapped in the circumstances of our birth. That we should be free to go as far as our talents and work can take us.;Marco Rubio;government
Those outside of autism need to understand this is an epidemic and we need more government funding, insurance coverage and education reform.;Jenny McCarthy;government
The best form of government is that which is most likely to prevent the greatest sum of evil.;James Monroe;government
Somehow liberals have been unable to acquire from life what conservatives seem to be endowed with at birth: namely, a healthy skepticism of the powers of government agencies to do good.;Daniel Patrick Moynihan;government
Had the United States and the United Kingdom gone on alone to capture Baghdad, under the provisions of the Geneva and Hague conventions we would have been considered occupying powers and therefore would have been responsible for all the costs of maintaining or restoring government, education and other services for the people of Iraq.;Norman Schwarzkopf;government
As far as your personal goals are and what you actually want to do with your life, it should never have to do with the government. You should never depend on the government for your retirement, your financial security, for anything. If you do, you're screwed.;Drew Carey;government
Government is essentially immoral.;Herbert Spencer;government
When the three branches of government have failed to represent the citizenry and the mass of the media has failed to represent the citizenry, then the citizenry better represent the citizenry.;David Mamet;government
The Soviet government is the most realistic regime in the world - no ideals.;Golda Meir;government
Government is dysfunctional.;Michael Bloomberg;government
There's never been a nation like the United States, ever. It begins with the principles of our founding documents, principles that recognize that our rights come from God, not from our government.;Marco Rubio;government
The problem is that when government controls the economy, those who can influence government keep winning, and everybody else just stays the same.;Marco Rubio;government
You know that big government doesn't hurt big corporations. They've got the best lawyers and accountants in the world. You know who gets destroyed by big government? It's the little guys.;Marco Rubio;government
Unfortunately, President Obama's failed policies of new regulations, higher taxes, and Obamacare and his anti-business rhetoric have hit Hispanics especially hard. Big government really hurts those who are trying to make it.;Marco Rubio;government
Government is a contrivance of human wisdom to provide for human wants. People have the right to expect that these wants will be provided for by this wisdom.;Jimmy Carter;government
It's very difficult for the American people to believe that our government, one of the richest on Earth, is also one of the stingiest on Earth.;Jimmy Carter;government
Government is the great fiction, through which everybody endeavors to live at the expense of everybody else.;Frederic Bastiat;government
World War II was the last government program that really worked.;George Will;government
Communism is a hateful thing, and a menace to peace and organized government.;Grover Cleveland;government
As someone who worked hard for a Labour victory in the 90s, do I regret it? Not really. It was bound to happen. And it'll happen with the next government, and the one after it. Because all governments serve us. They serve the filth.;Stephen Fry;government
I decided I ought to pick a project that would not be controversial, that would not really cost the government a lot of money.;Barbara Bush;government
Government's role should be only to keep the playing field level, and to work hand in hand with business on issues such as employment. But beyond this, to as great an extent as possible, it should get the hell out of the way.;Jesse Ventura;government
We tried to have diplomas without learning, we tried to have jobs without work, we tried to have houses without savings, we tried to have government without responsibility.;Newt Gingrich;government
It is time we passed a balanced budget amendment and return this government to limited spending.;Newt Gingrich;government
The time has come to tell the truth about the corruption of the government employee unions in this country.;Newt Gingrich;government
Surely the President can agree with us, that theft from government is not good. I know it's bold. It's out on the edge. I know from a Chicago-Springfield background it's hard to fully grasp that honesty could be part of government.;Newt Gingrich;government
People should be free, people should be unencumbered by regulation as much as possible, that big government always goes corrupt and the truth shall always set you free.;Glenn Beck;government
Both my parents are English and came out to Australia in 1967. I was born the following year. My parents, and immigrants like them, were known as '&pound10 poms.' Back then, the Australian government was trying to get educated British people and Canadians - to be honest, educated white people - to come and live in Australia.;Hugh Jackman;government
Knowledge about the economy, ideas about capitalism and government, the future of the world and geopolitics were things I was never really interested in.;Shia LaBeouf;government
America needs jobs, smaller government, less spending and a president with the courage to offer more than yet another speech.;Rick Perry;government
In the rush to become all things to all people, the federal government has lost sight of its core responsibilities. As a result we're stuck in this frustrating paradox where Washington actually neglects things it's clearly supposed to be doing, while interfering in other areas where they are neither welcome nor authorized.;Rick Perry;government
In the government schools, which are referred to as public schools, Indian policy has been instituted there, and its a policy where they do not encourage, in fact, discourage, critical thinking and the creation of ideas and public education.;Russell Means;government
Of all tasks of government the most basic is to protect its citizens against violence.;John Foster Dulles;government
And you can't have a prosperous economy when the government is way overspending, raising tax rates, printing too much money, over regulating and restricting free trade. It just can't be done.;Arthur Laffer;government
In my view, the Christian religion is the most important and one of the first things in which all children, under a free government ought to be instructed.;Noah Webster;government
Leaders at the highest levels of our government are undertaking a deliberate and systematic effort to redefine our government, our economy and our country.;Marco Rubio;government
And here's the fact: the fact is it doesn't solve the problem. First of all, if you taxed these people at 100 percent, basically next year you said, 'Look, every penny you make next year the government's going to take it from you,' it still doesn't solve the debt.;Marco Rubio;government
I traveled the state of Florida for two years campaigning. I have never met a job creator who told me that they were waiting for the next tax increase before they started growing their business. I've never met a single job creator who's ever said to me I can't wait until government raises taxes again so I can go out and create a job.;Marco Rubio;government
We have a government that borrows $4 billion a day. We have a government that owes trillions of dollars in debt, half of that to foreigners, most of that to Chinese investors. I don't - that is extreme. Not only is it extreme. It's insane and it's unsustainable.;Marco Rubio;government
And I can tell you that history will back up what I'm about to say and that is that there is no government run by conservatives, Republicans, put whoever you want there, if you give government the opportunity to spend more money than it has, it will do it. It will do it every time.;Marco Rubio;government
We can not continue to allow this over reliance on government to replace the cornerstone institution that has made the American experience possible.;Marco Rubio;government
Of course there are critics who believe that no matter what we do, the Florida dream is over. They claim that we must accept the idea that inevitably our future is one of high taxes and big government.;Marco Rubio;government
Let's stop big government energy mandates like cap-and-trade, and instead trust the American innovator to make us energy independent.;Marco Rubio;government
Americans chose a limited government that exists to protect our rights, not to grant them.;Marco Rubio;government
Under this president, we have a government that has grown too big, too costly and now even more overbearing by forcing religious entities to abandon their beliefs.;Marco Rubio;government
I pinch myself because of the understanding that I've been blessed with a real rare opportunity that few Americans ever get - to serve their government and their people at this level.;Marco Rubio;government
We chose more freedom instead of more government. We chose the principles of our founding to solve the challenges of our time. We chose a special man to lead us in a special time. We chose Mitt Romney to lead our nation.;Marco Rubio;government
While democracy in the long run is the most stable form of government, in the short run, it is among the most fragile.;Madeleine Albright;government
But without a caring society, without each citizen voluntarily accepting the weight of responsibility, government is destined to grow even larger, taking more of your money, burrowing deeper into your lives.;Jeb Bush;government
And I don't think that government has a role in telling people how to live their lives. Maybe a minister does, maybe your belief in God does, maybe there's another set of moral codes, but I don't think government has a role.;Clarence Thomas;government
Secrecy, being an instrument of conspiracy, ought never to be the system of a regular government.;Jeremy Bentham;government
The Canadian government continues to say they will not help us if we go to war with Iraq. However, the prime minister of Canada said he'd like to help, but he's pretty sure that last time he checked, Canada had no army.;Conan O'Brien;government
I believe the American people have a genuine and justifiable fear of government intrusion in what they instinctively know is going to be an ever more intrusive world.;Joe Biden;government
Dishonesty in government is the business of every citizen. It is not enough to do your own job. There's no particular virtue in that. Democracy isn't a gift. It's a responsibility.;Dalton Trumbo;government
'Hello my name is the Republican Party and I got a problem. I'm addicted to spending and big government.' I'd like one of them just to stand up and say that.;Glenn Beck;government
If the jury have no right to judge of the justice of a law of the government, they plainly can do nothing to protect the people against the oppressions of the government for there are no oppressions which the government may not authorize by law.;Lysander Spooner;government
There is nothing inherently fair about equalizing incomes. If the government penalizes you for working harder than somebody else, that is unfair. If you save your money but retire with the same pension as a free-spending neighbor, that is also unfair.;Arthur C. Brooks;government
The office of government is not to confer happiness, but to give men the opportunity to work out happiness for themselves.;William Ellery Channing;government
Wherever magistrates were appointed from among those who complied with the injunctions of the laws, Socrates considered the government to be an aristocracy.;Xenophon;government
The Imperial German Government will not expect the Government of the United States to omit any word or any act necessary to the performance of its sacred duty of maintaining the rights of the United States and its citizens and of safeguarding their free exercise and enjoyment.;William Jennings Bryan;government
Good government is the outcome of private virtue.;John Jay Chapman;government
Our citizens are tired of big government raising their taxes and cooking up new ways to micromanage their lives, our citizens are tired of big government killing jobs with their do-gooder policies. In short the people are Fed Up!;Rick Perry;government
Conservatives are winning offices, and champions of big government are cleaning out their desks right now.;Rick Perry;government
America's greatness is not found in the size of its government. America's greatness resides in the hearts and the minds of the people.;Rick Perry;government
Morals are in all countries the result of legislation and government they are not African or Asian or European: they are good or bad.;Denis Diderot;government
Public confidence in the integrity of the Government is indispensable to faith in democracy and when we lose faith in the system, we have lost faith in everything we fight and spend for.;Adlai E. Stevenson;government
History proves that all dictatorships, all authoritarian forms of government are transient. Only democratic systems are not transient. Whatever the shortcomings, mankind has not devised anything superior.;Vladimir Putin;government
The government is not your salvation. The government is not your road to prosperity. Hard work, education will take you far beyond what any government program can ever promise.;Mia Love;government
Folks, this government isn't too big to fail, it's too big to succeed.;Sarah Palin;government
Every government must consider the security of the country. That is just part of the responsibilities of any government. But true security can only come out of unity within a country where there are so many ethnic nationalities.;Aung San Suu Kyi;government
All that a good government aims at... is to add no unnecessary and artificial aid to the force of its own unavoidable consequences, and to abstain from fortifying and accumulating social inequality as a means of increasing political inequalities.;James F. Cooper;government
There is something fundamentally unfair about a government that takes away so much of people's money, power, and personal control while telling them that life will be better as a result.;Steve Forbes;government
I would have been glad to have lived under my wood side, and to have kept a flock of sheep, rather than to have undertaken this government.;Oliver Cromwell;government
If I had been under ObamaCare, and a beaurocrat had been trying to tell me when I could get that CT scan, that would have delayed my treatment. I was able to get the treatment as fast as I could based upon my timetable, and not the government's timetable. That's what saved my life.;Herman Cain;government
I am often asked if, when I was secretary, I had problems with foreign men. That is not who I had problems with, because I arrived in a very large plane that said United States of America. I had more problems with the men in our own government.;Madeleine Albright;government
I wasn't a normal professor. I had worked in government. I hadn't written nine zillion books. I was a hands-on professor.;Madeleine Albright;government
The measure of a man is not how great his faith is, but how great his love is. We must not let government programs disconnect our souls from each other.;J. C. Watts;government
Every American, regardless of their background, has the right to live free of unwarranted government intrusion. Repealing the worst provisions of the Patriot Act will reign in this gross abuse of power and restore to everyone our basic Constitutional rights.;Pete Stark;government
The conservative movement today is like that tall ship with its proud captain: strong, accomplished but veering off course into the dangerous and uncharted waters of big government republicanism.;Mike Pence;government
It is unfortunate that Americans are no longer aware of what the constitution says and what their rights are. Because of that, we are often very passive about what happens when the government violates those rights.;James Bovard;government
The fundamental purpose of government is to protect its citizens.;Arlen Specter;government
The relationships that people have - that are sexual, psychological, emotional - these relationships are not open to supervision by parents, schools, churches, or government. Nobody has any right to intervene at all in any kind of relationship like that.;Madalyn Murray O'Hair;government
