The first responsibility of the Muslim is as teacher. That is his job, to teach. His first school, his first classroom is within the household. His first student is himself. He masters himself and then he begins to convey the knowledge that he has acquired to the family. The people who are closest to him.;H. Rap Brown;teacher
I should prefer to have a politician who regularly went to a massage parlour than one who promised a laptop computer for every teacher.;A. N. Wilson;teacher
The teacher must derive not only the capacity, but the desire, to observe natural phenomena. The teacher must understand and feel her position of observer: the activity must lie in the phenomenon.;Maria Montessori;teacher
I believe that the testing of the student's achievements in order to see if he meets some criterion held by the teacher, is directly contrary to the implications of therapy for significant learning.;Carl Rogers;teacher
To a teacher of languages there comes a time when the world is but a place of many words and man appears a mere talking animal not much more wonderful than a parrot.;Joseph Conrad;teacher
While teaching, I also worked undercover in the lower courts by saying I was a young law teacher wanting experience in criminal law. The judges were happy to assist me but what I learned was how corrupt the lower courts were. Judges were accepting money right in the courtroom.;Samuel Dash;teacher
Discussion in class, which means letting twenty young blockheads and two cocky neurotics discuss something that neither their teacher nor they know.;Vladimir Nabokov;teacher
Creative activity could be described as a type of learning process where teacher and pupil are located in the same individual.;Arthur Koestler;teacher
A Latin teacher told me I might make a good actress, and that stuck in my memory. I did some modeling, and Polanski gave me that small part.;Jacqueline Bisset;teacher
Teachers make a difference, and we would serve our students better by focusing on attracting and retaining the quality teachers by raising teacher pay.;Jeb Bush;teacher
Therefore, a person should first be changed by a teacher's instructions, and guided by principles of ritual. Only then can he observe the rules of courtesy and humility, obey the conventions and rules of society, and achieve order.;Xun Zi;teacher
Fear is not a good teacher. The lessons of fear are quickly forgotten.;Mary Catherine Bateson;teacher
Faulkner turned out to be a great teacher. When a student asked a question ineptly, he answered the question with what the student had really wanted to know.;Leslie Fiedler;teacher
In a Glasser Quality School there is no such thing as a closed book test. Students are told to get out their notes and open their books. There is no such thing as being forbidden to ask the teacher or another student for help.;William Glasser;teacher
Having been an educator for so many years I know that all a good teacher can do is set a context, raise questions or enter into a kind of a dialogic relationship with their students.;Godfrey Reggio;teacher
I had a heartbreaking experience when I was 9. I always wanted to be a guard. The most wonderful girl in the world was a guard. When I got polio and then went back to school, they made me a guard. A teacher took away my guard button.;Francis Ford Coppola;teacher
Adversity is a great teacher, but this teacher makes us pay dearly for its instruction and often the profit we derive, is not worth the price we paid.;Elizabeth Hardwick;teacher
A good teacher must know the rules a good pupil, the exceptions.;Martin H. Fischer;teacher
I think some parents now look at a youngster failing as the final thing. It's a process, and failure is part of the process. I would like it if the teacher and the parents would connect more. I think that used to be, but we're losing a little bit of that right now.;Mike Krzyzewski;teacher
I must have got my detailed, obsessive streak from my father, who was an English teacher, because my mother wasn't like me at all.;Barbra Streisand;teacher
What students lack in school is an intellectual relationship or conversation with the teacher.;William Glasser;teacher
In other words, if a teacher only teaches in one way, then they conclude that the kids who can't learn well that way don't have the ability, when, in fact, it may be that the way the teacher's teaching is not a particularly good match to the way those kids learn.;Robert Sternberg;teacher
I'm blessed with a good pair of ears. That's how I fooled my piano teacher. I'd watch his fingers and I'd listen to it, and I just kind of basically learned it by myself.;Eddie Van Halen;teacher
I never did very well in math - I could never seem to persuade the teacher that I hadn't meant my answers literally.;Calvin Trillin;teacher
I'd like to think I'm a great teacher.;Gordon Ramsay;teacher
There's many a bestseller that could have been prevented by a good teacher.;Flannery O'Connor;teacher
My happiest memory of childhood was my first birthday in reform school. This teacher took an interest in me. In fact, he gave me the first birthday presents I ever got: a box of Cracker Jacks and a can of ABC shoe polish.;Flip Wilson;teacher
I'm a freak, everything has to be totally flat when I play. Ed Will, my jazz teacher, set up everything completely flat, and then you'd tilt your snare drum away from you, so I do that too. So my snare tilts away from me.;Travis Barker;teacher
Every marriage tends to consist of an aristocrat and a peasant. Of a teacher and a learner.;John Updike;teacher
Benevolence alone will not make a teacher, nor will learning alone do it. The gift of teaching is a peculiar talent, and implies a need and a craving in the teacher himself.;John Jay Chapman;teacher
Events are the best teacher for us. You try to learn from people, there is always some bend to it.;Yoko Ono;teacher
My humanitarian work evolved from being with my family. My mom, my dad, they really set a great example for giving back. My mom was a nurse, my dad was a school teacher. But my mom did a lot of things for geriatrics and elderly people. She would do home visits for free.;Cat Cora;teacher
I am sure it is one's duty as a teacher to try to show boys that no opinions, no tastes, no emotions are worth much unless they are one's own. I suffered acutely as a boy from the lack of being shown this.;A. C. Benson;teacher
I was raised in New York City and raised in the New York City theater world. My father was a theater director and an acting teacher, and it was not uncommon for me to have long discussions about the method and what the various different processes were to finding a character and exploring character and realizing that character.;Vin Diesel;teacher
History is the only true teacher, the revolution the best school for the proletariat.;Rosa Luxemburg;teacher
My ambition in high school was to be a high school coach and teacher, and that's still what I do: teach.;Mike Krzyzewski;teacher
Tragedy is a hell of a teacher. It's much too strict, but it's a hell of a teacher.;Harlan Coben;teacher
Prior to being allowed to enter the profession, prospective teachers should be asked to talk with a group of friendly students for at least half an hour and be able to engage them in an interesting conversation about any subject the prospective teacher wants to talk about.;William Glasser;teacher
If we are to negotiate the coming years safely, we may need a new kind of leadership. To put it more precisely, we need the rediscovery of an ancient kind of leadership that has rarely been given the prominence it deserves. I mean the leader as teacher.;Jonathan Sacks;teacher
The contrasts between what is spent today to educate a child in the poorest New York City neighborhoods, where teacher salaries are often even lower than the city averages, and spending levels in the wealthiest suburban areas are daunting challenges to any hope New Yorkers might retain that even semblances of fairness still prevail.;Jonathan Kozol;teacher
My art teacher in junior high was a very out gay man and a mentor to me. He would tell us about Greenwich Village and show us the 'Village Voice' and describe his life, but it was all sort of subversive and below the radar.;Gus Van Sant;teacher
My art teacher in junior high was a very out gay man and a mentor to me.;Gus Van Sant;teacher
I've always remembered something Sanford Meisner, my acting teacher, told us. When you create a character, it's like making a chair, except instead of making someting out of wood, you make it out of yourself. That's the actor's craft - using yourself to create a character.;Robert Duvall;teacher
It is not easy to imagine how little interested a scientist usually is in the work of any other, with the possible exception of the teacher who backs him or the student who honors him.;Jean Rostand;teacher
I didn't read so much Japanese literature. Because my father was a teacher of Japanese literature, I just wanted to do something else.;Haruki Murakami;teacher
I really enjoyed hanging out with some of the teachers. This one chemistry teacher, she liked hanging out. I liked making explosives. We would stay after school and blow things up.;Maya Lin;teacher
Do I think it's OK to fight authority as long as you're only talking about the high school teacher? No.;John Mellencamp;teacher
My father was a swim teacher. We used to swim before school, swim after school.;Gordon Ramsay;teacher
They should regard me as what I am. I am a spiritual leader and teacher.;Louis Farrakhan;teacher
I think it goes back to my high school days. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A.;Kevin Mitnick;teacher
A good teacher is a determined person.;Gilbert Highet;teacher
He was the editor of our paper. He created the publishing house in Hebrew. He was - I wouldn't say the 'guru' - but really he was our teacher and a most respected man. I wrote for the paper of the youth movement.;Shimon Peres;teacher
Why not whip the teacher when the pupil misbehaves?;Diogenes of Sinope;teacher
As a teacher at Princeton, I'm surrounded by people who work hard so I just make good use of my time. And I don't really think of it as work - writing a novel, in one sense, is a problem-solving exercise.;Joyce Carol Oates;teacher
I'm like a really goofy home ec teacher.;Alton Brown;teacher
My mother is a special education teacher but also an artist, and my father an advertising executive. They are about as wacky as you can get without being alcoholics.;Sloane Crosley;teacher
Oh, stuff the critics. I don't care. Too many people are snooty about classical. Look, I wasn't brought up in a home where we listened to classical music. It was a singing teacher that thought it would be best for my voice. Then I moved into crossover. And if that makes the music accessible to more people, then great.;Katherine Jenkins;teacher
Everyone who remembers his own education remembers teachers, not methods and techniques. The teacher is the heart of the educational system.;Sidney Hook;teacher
My job requires me to put on a little dress and run around the streets of New York in heels. But I also had the financial means to hire a yoga teacher to come to my house while my sitter watched the newborn. For 95 percent of the world, that's not realistic.;Sarah Jessica Parker;teacher
I got picked on a lot, even by teachers too. I liked to listen to musicals and bake, and my homeroom teacher found out and mocked me in front of the whole class for baking.;Dan Savage;teacher
I can remember exactly where I sat when my teacher first read Roald Dahl's 'James and the Giant Peach'.;Dave Eggers;teacher
I have to be a teacher to my daughters.;Carnie Wilson;teacher
A few years back, when my style was 'punk grandma,' I picked up an amazing pair of sandals - orthopaedic ones, with really thick soles. I've given them away to a friend now, because these days my look is more '1980s substitute teacher gone wild.';Beth Ditto;teacher
My father was my main influence. He was a preacher, but he was also a history and political science teacher, and since he was my hero, I wanted to follow in his footsteps and become a teacher.;David Soul;teacher
The greatest teacher I know is the job itself.;James Cash Penney;teacher
I dropped out of high school when I was 16, after I had a huge argument with my English teacher over the meaning of the word 'existentialism.';Craig Ferguson;teacher
I basically started playing violin at the age of six. That lasted about three years because my previous teacher died and the second teacher didn't really know how to successfully get me going.;Miroslav Vitous;teacher
I would probably be a teacher if I weren't a comedian.;Brad Garrett;teacher
My brother's a teacher in Costa Rica and actually does a more important and significant job than I will ever do.;Dominic Monaghan;teacher
Last time I was in Jamaica I financed a teacher to teach in an orphanage.;Ziggy Marley;teacher
There are ways we can go do a better job of educating young moms and dads about the vital role they have as the child's first teacher. I think there are ways in which we can partner with local school districts and states to do a better job to provide nutrition options at school.;Tom Vilsack;teacher
Evil can be a teacher, if you look at the wisdom of its negative power.;Tom Brown, Jr.;teacher
I'd like to say I was smart enough to finish six grades in five years, but I think perhaps the teacher was just glad to get rid of me.;Alan Shepard;teacher
Once I understood Bach's music, I wanted to be a concert pianist. Bach made me dedicate my life to music, and it was that teacher who introduced me to his world.;Nina Simone;teacher
I've noticed that my resolutions involve me not doing stuff that I wasn't going to do anyway so here's something more positive. I'm going to retrain as a Latin teacher in a provincial public school.;Arthur Smith;teacher
Being a mother has been my greatest teacher and also the most self-sacrificing thing I've ever done.;Katey Sagal;teacher
I was a mimic when I was a child. I mimicked the teacher and made friends that way, actually. That was a very subversive activity, because I was a goody-goody who never got in trouble. But if I went off in the corner and mimicked the teacher, people loved it.;Anna Deavere Smith;teacher
My mom was a teacher - I have the greatest respect for the profession - we need great teachers - not poor or mediocre ones.;Condoleezza Rice;teacher
My mother was a public school teacher in Virginia, and we didn't have any money, we just survived on happiness, on being a happy family.;Dave Grohl;teacher
I claim Dickens as a mentor. He's my teacher. He's one of my driving forces.;Anne Rice;teacher
My physics teacher, Thomas Miner was particularly gifted. To this day, I remember how he introduced the subject of physics. He told us we were going to learn how to deal with very simple questions such as how a body falls due to the acceleration of gravity.;Steven Chu;teacher
It is worth while too to warn the teacher that undue severity in correcting faults is liable at times to discourage a boy's mind from effort.;Quintilian;teacher
Charming women can true converts make, We love the precepts for the teacher's sake.;George Farquhar;teacher
You know, a football coach is nothing more than a teacher. You teach them the same subject, and you have a group of new guys every year.;Darrell Royal;teacher
I kind of fell backwards into acting. I was studying to be a high school teacher. I look now and I understand completely, or actually barely, how much work it is to be a teacher. It's an incredible amount of work.;Nathan Fillion;teacher
I was attending the University of Alberta. I was going to be a high school teacher, like my parents. I failed - no, I didn't fail a class, I just barely passed. I really didn't try. It was Canadian history, through the plays of the time. My God, those were boring plays.;Nathan Fillion;teacher
The second, and I think this is the much more overt and I think it is the main cause, I have been increasingly demonstrating or trying to demonstrate that every possible stance a critic, a scholar, a teacher can take towards a poem is itself inevitably and necessarily poetic.;Harold Bloom;teacher
When I left Europe in 1987 I did so with the thought that my relevance as a composition teacher would benefit from a certain cool distance to certain tendencies I had been observing for several years with increasing disquiet.;Brian Ferneyhough;teacher
NASA was going to pick a public school teacher to go into space, observe and make a journal about the space flight, and I am a teacher who always dreamed of going up into space.;Christa McAuliffe;teacher
I used to write things for friends. There was this girl I had a crush on, and she had a teacher she didn't like at school. I had a real crush on her, so almost every day I would write her a little short story where she would kill him in a different way.;Stephen Colbert;teacher
There is no real teacher who in practice does not believe in the existence of the soul, or in a magic that acts on it through speech.;Allan Bloom;teacher
I think the British people are very, very attached to the idea that the health service is free at the point of use. But there is no reason why every doctor, nurse and teacher in this country has to be employed by the state.;George Osborne;teacher
In the fourth grade, my history teacher gave us a project: Why was the auto industry located in Detroit, Michigan? I didn't know I was going to be an economist, but I knew I was going to do something that was involved in answering questions like that one because I thought that was a fascinating question.;Mark Zandi;teacher
No voice teacher can be all things to all people. You have to gain information from whatever sources you can. You have to listen.;Renee Fleming;teacher
I remember a moment when the Prince went back to his old school, Grammar School in Melbourne, and slightly to his horror his old music teacher produced a cello.;Anthony Holden;teacher
A friend of mine said, no matter what I do I always look like an English teacher. She actually said, you still look like a Campbell's Soup kid.;Kate Clinton;teacher
I was sent to a nice Church of England girls' school and at that time, after university, a woman was expected to become a teacher, a nurse or a missionary - prior to marriage.;Kate Adie;teacher
I love doing demonstrations. I think to be a great chef you have to be a great teacher. I love doing classes with people who love food and enjoy food, bringing them all around one table so to speak.;Michael Symon;teacher
It's the teacher that makes the difference, not the classroom.;Michael Morpurgo;teacher
