I used my aviation contacts to open a travel agency. I used to book Caribbean flights.;Joseph Force Crater;travel
I always enjoyed politics. I worked at the White House recently, primarily for the First Lady. Because of my experience running my travel agency, I was in charge of the files she kept on the Travel Office.;Joseph Force Crater;travel
You travel across the country, you visit departments, you give talks, you talk about the work at your laboratory - what's going on, what the opportunities are there - you talk about your own research.;Frank Press;travel
As the President has indicated, my life has been a life of travel - for 60 years constantly moving over the wide world on journeys which first and last have taken me to 83 countries, and, what is more significant, to most of them again and again.;John Raleigh Mott;travel
To travel hopefully is better than to arrive.;James Jeans;travel
Now, therefore, the Directors of the company are hereby ordered to see that precautions are taken to make travel on said railroad perfectly safe by using a screw with at least twenty-four inches diameter.;Joshua A. Norton;travel
Sometimes I envy people who can be only half crazy, with one foot in the passion and one foot in the real world. But that's not me. I dive into the total crazy experience. That's the only way to travel.;Kiran Ahluwalia;travel
Wherever we go, across the Pacific or Atlantic, we meet, not similarity so much as 'the bizarre'. Things astonish us, when we travel, that surprise nobody else.;Miriam Beard;travel
We need affordable space travel to inspire our youth, to let them know that they can experience their dreams, can set significant goals and be in a position to lead all of us to future progress in exploration, discovery and fun. Thanks to the X Prize for the inspiration.;Burt Rutan;travel
Actually, I started to become an actress because I met someone who was just a friend and I found his life wonderful, I thought, Oh my god, you can travel, you're free, you can do what you want, you're the boss. And then I met an actor and I was in love with him.;Lea Seydoux;travel
I sometimes think that Thomas Cook should be numbered among the secular saints. He took travel from the privileged and gave it to the people.;Robert Runcie;travel
Travel, instead of broadening the mind, often merely lengthens the conversation.;Elizabeth Drew;travel
Too often travel, instead of broadening the mind, merely lengthens the conversation.;Elizabeth Drew;travel
The biggest kick I get is to communicate with those who are exiled from the game - in hospitals, homes, prisons - those who have seldom seen a game, who can't travel to a game, those who are blind.;Jack Buck;travel
Having my first number one single and being able to travel to places I've never been before has been amazing. The tour was also fantastic. There are so many things which I've experienced this year which I never even dreamed of.;Gareth Gates;travel
We must go beyond textbooks, go out into the bypaths and untrodden depths of the wilderness and travel and explore and tell the world the glories of our journey.;John Hope Franklin;travel
I hated the idea of a high school sweetheart. Growing up, oh my God, it just made me sick. I wanted to have a range of cool boyfriends. I wanted to travel around and date these interesting men. Then it just happened. You fall in love.;Charlotte Arnold;travel
A lot of people say that comedy doesn't travel well. I found it very accessible.;Mark Addy;travel
Traveling is my form of self-education. Every stream I fish now is not as good as it used to be. Traveling is my form of self-education. Every stream I fish now is not as good as it used to be. If you keep your eyes open as you travel around, you realize we are destroying this planet.;Yvon Chouinard;travel
I think space will be conquered through the mind rather than the clumsy medium of space travel.;Patrick Troughton;travel
I travel the world, and I'm happy to say that America is still the great melting pot - maybe a chunky stew rather than a melting pot at this point, but you know what I mean.;Philip Glass;travel
Soul travel can be a general expansion of awareness and knowingness or conscious experience of the heavenly worlds.;Bob Hayes;travel
Everything has been homogenized. Over time, with television and jet travel, everybody has blended together. Some of our wonderful charm has been lost.;Bruce Paltrow;travel
There's no need to travel further. The Los Angeles area is big enough for us.;Marvin Davis;travel
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.;William Shakespeare;trust
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth.;Bo Bennett;trust
The trust of the innocent is the liar's most useful tool.;Stephen King;trust
Learning to trust is one of life's most difficult tasks.;Isaac Watts;trust
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.;Golda Meir;trust
To be trusted is a greater compliment than being loved.;George MacDonald;trust
All I have seen teaches me to trust the creator for all I have not seen.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;trust
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.;Charles Spurgeon;trust
Someone who thinks the world is always cheating him is right. He is missing that wonderful feeling of trust in someone or something.;Eric Hoffer;trust
Never trust anyone who wants what you've got. Friend or no, envy is an overwhelming emotion.;Eubie Blake;trust
Trust is to human relationships what faith is to gospel living. It is the beginning place, the foundation upon which more can be built. Where trust is, love can flourish.;Barbara Smith;trust
I would rather trust a woman's instinct than a man's reason.;Stanley Baldwin;trust
The more you trust your intuition, the more empowered you become, the stronger you become, and the happier you become.;Gisele Bundchen;trust
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.;Joyce Brothers;trust
Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.;Corrie Ten Boom;trust
The most important lesson that I have learned is to trust God in every circumstance. Lots of times we go through different trials and following God's plan seems like it doesn't make any sense at all. God is always in control and he will never leave us.;Allyson Felix;trust
Trust yourself, then you will know how to live.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;trust
A man who trusts nobody is apt to be the kind of man nobody trusts.;Harold MacMillan;trust
You can't trust water: Even a straight stick turns crooked in it.;W. C. Fields;trust
Depend upon yourself. Make your judgement trustworthy by trusting it. You can develop good judgement as you do the muscles of your body - by judicious, daily exercise. To be known as a man of sound judgement will be much in your favor.;Grantland Rice;trust
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;trust
I always trust my gut reaction it's always right.;Kiana Tom;trust
When I get logical, and I don't trust my instincts - that's when I get in trouble.;Angelina Jolie;trust
I can trust my friends These people force me to examine myself, encourage me to grow.;Cher;trust
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else's.;Billy Wilder;trust
A half truth, like half a brick, is always more forcible as an argument than a whole one. It carries better.;Stephen Leacock;trust
I repeat... that all power is a trust that we are accountable for its exercise that from the people and for the people all springs, and all must exist.;Benjamin Disraeli;trust
Don't trust anyone over 30.;Pat Boone;trust
Trust in what you love, continue to do it, and it will take you where you need to go.;Natalie Goldberg;trust
The chief lesson I have learned in a long life is that the only way you can make a man trustworthy is to trust him and the surest way to make him untrustworthy is to distrust him.;Henry L. Stimson;trust
How can people trust the harvest, unless they see it sown?;Mary Renault;trust
Trust in yourself. Your perceptions are often far more accurate than you are willing to believe.;Claudia Black;trust
If we really want to be full and generous in spirit, we have no choice but to trust at some level.;Rita Dove;trust
Men are able to trust one another, knowing the exact degree of dishonesty they are entitled to expect.;Stephen Leacock;trust
You can't trust anybody with power.;Newt Gingrich;trust
Few delights can equal the presence of one whom we trust utterly.;George MacDonald;trust
Never trust a husband too far, nor a bachelor too near.;Helen Rowland;trust
Men trust their ears less than their eyes.;Herodotus;trust
Put your trust in the Lord and go ahead. Worry gets you no place.;Roy Acuff;trust
It's a delight to trust somebody so completely.;Jeff Goldblum;trust
Trust should be the basis for all our moral training.;Robert Baden-Powell;trust
Trust not too much to appearances.;Virgil;trust
I believe fundamental honesty is the keystone of business.;Harvey S. Firestone;trust
I have to trust what I do and then do it.;Ednita Nazario;trust
Trust no friend without faults, and love a woman, but no angel.;Doris Lessing;trust
Trust in God - she will provide.;Emmeline Pankhurst;trust
Trust yourself, you know more than you think you do.;Benjamin Spock;trust
Whoever has trusted a woman has trusted deceivers.;Hesiod;trust
You have got to discover you, what you do, and trust it.;Barbra Streisand;trust
I never trusted good-looking boys.;Frances McDormand;trust
In these times, God's people must trust him for rest of body and soul.;David Wilkerson;trust
Never trust sheep.;Ryan Stiles;trust
Trusting your individual uniqueness challenges you to lay yourself open.;James Broughton;trust
Do not trust your memory it is a net full of holes the most beautiful prizes slip through it.;Georges Duhamel;trust
Would you want to do business with a person who was 99% honest?;Sydney Madwed;trust
Who would not rather trust and be deceived?;Eliza Cook;trust
Trust everybody, but cut the cards.;Finley Peter Dunne;trust
Trust is a great force multiplier.;Tom Ridge;trust
Trust your ability!;Itzhak Perlman;trust
We must trust our own thinking. Trust where we're going. And get the job done.;Wilma Mankiller;trust
Again, you can't connect the dots looking forward you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.;Steve Jobs;trust
Never trust anyone completely but God. Love people, but put your full trust only in God.;Lawrence Welk;trust
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.;Ernest Hemingway;trust
The friend in my adversity I shall always cherish most. I can better trust those who helped to relieve the gloom of my dark hours than those who are so ready to enjoy with me the sunshine of my prosperity.;Ulysses S. Grant;trust
The best proof of love is trust.;Joyce Brothers;trust
You can't connect the dots looking forward you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.;Steve Jobs;trust
Trust, but verify.;Ronald Reagan;trust
When a man assumes a public trust he should consider himself a public property.;Thomas Jefferson;trust
The sadness of the women's movement is that they don't allow the necessity of love. See, I don't personally trust any revolution where love is not allowed.;Maya Angelou;trust
Me, I'm dishonest, and you can always trust a dishonest man to be dishonest. Honestly, it's the honest ones you have to watch out for.;Johnny Depp;trust
He who does not trust enough, Will not be trusted.;Lao Tzu;trust
Let every eye negotiate for itself and trust no agent.;William Shakespeare;trust
Trust men and they will be true to you treat them greatly and they will show themselves great.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;trust
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough.;Frank Crane;trust
To state the facts frankly is not to despair the future nor indict the past. The prudent heir takes careful inventory of his legacies and gives a faithful accounting to those whom he owes an obligation of trust.;John F. Kennedy;trust
