Of all the important relationships that Australia has with other countries, none has been more greatly transformed over the last 10 years than our relationship with China.;John Howard;relationship
I have always had a relationship with clothes.;Phillip Lim;relationship
The relationship with a live audience seems to me to count for more.;Cyril Cusack;relationship
Nick and Simon had come to a natural end of their working relationship with Warren, which obviously opened the door for a reunion of the original five.;Roger Andrew Taylor;relationship
I had my footballing heroes such as Bryan Robson and Diego Maradona but my dad was a rugby league star, and he was my real hero. But the relationship with my mum was rocky and we saw things that would affect any youngster.;Ryan Giggs;relationship
I think the most important foundation about any relationship is just being honest. You've got to. My wife and I are honest to a fault with each other, and we're best friends on top of it, so we're very fortunate.;Max Greenfield;relationship
There's nothing worse than walking around and talking about your failed relationship, all day, every day, for months on end.;Max Greenfield;relationship
But I was also a big mouth, I started to develop a troubled relationship with Harry Shorten.;Gil Kane;relationship
There is a positive and personal relationship between the Egyptian people and the Syrian people.;Mohammed Morsi;relationship
The PRC is the big brother in this relationship, and it has the capacity to be generous to Taiwan on this issue in a manner that might do much to defuse that issue internally in Taiwan.;William Kirby;relationship
If I'm in a relationship, I'm 1,000% in it. I love doing things for them and surprising them. And that's just something I thoroughly enjoy and it gives me a lot of pleasure. I just haven't found that right girl yet.;Josh Henderson;relationship
It was my first big relationship and it was just very abusive. I wouldn't give him the credit of naming him, if he ever reads this. But he was older, in the music business - or so he said.;Lisa Snowdon;relationship
I wasn't smart enough to read relationship books when I was coming up. I learned everything the hard way.;Michael Ealy;relationship
I'm the kind of guy who can't keep a plant alive for a week, let alone a relationship.;Jerry O'Connell;relationship
I was always in trouble from an early age. I had a fraught relationship with my parents, who were very traditional. Doing plays at school was a joyous release.;Naveen Andrews;relationship
I think it really makes a difference when you know the people that you're working with, when you develop a relationship.;Alexa Vega;relationship
I love my relationship with Coach Vermeil because it is one of the few genuine relationships that I have.;Dante Hall;relationship
I still like the relationship part of any story. You don't want your character to figure everything out and then at the end of the day, go home and eat soup from a can by herself.;Lisa Gardner;relationship
There's a really unique relationship between a single parent and their child. Marriages so easily break up. There's kind of this temporary deal about marriages. That's one of the things that makes it stressful, and that's something that's nonexistent in a parent-child relationship.;Jeremy Sisto;relationship
First play I ever did was 'Footloose.' I played the part of Willard when I was 16. I think I wore my drama teacher's jeans and her belt - that's how small I was. I know a lot of Willard's back story from the musical that's not explored in the film. Like he's got this whole relationship with his mama, and he sings this song 'Mama Says.';Miles Teller;relationship
Then, of course, there are those sad occasions when a poet or a writer has not grown, and one has to let them go because they're just not making headway. But we have a very clear personal relationship with the authors.;James Laughlin;relationship
There are numerous cases of that, where one of our writers discovers another writer whom he likes, and we then take that book on. So it's a very close relationship. We can do that because we're so small.;James Laughlin;relationship
Growing up training, I use to get up so early I would wave to the garbage men going by. So, I had this relationship with Blue Collar America and I really liked it. I felt that lots of those people looked forward to me winning.;Gerry Cooney;relationship
It was a good 15 or 20 years before anyone at Rand would be in the same room with me. They didn't want the question raised, 'What's your relationship with Daniel Ellsberg?' And not one of them wrote me a letter because they didn't want a letter of theirs to show up in my trash - which the FBI had been going through.;Daniel Ellsberg;relationship
A conversation goes sometimes into personal things and that's nicer. You look to each other and you have a different picture, you get into a relationship.;Maximilian Schell;relationship
I'm a hopeless romantic, and very much the person in a relationship to go: If things are going well, I'll buy the flowers, remember the dates of things, plan fun nights out.;Jennifer Love Hewitt;relationship
I think there are a lot more relationship scenes in my movies that people tend to overlook. A lot of scenes really feel real and are about the characters.;Jan de Bont;relationship
I was glad to hear of that determination as I detest the practice of cousins marrying or any marriage between persons in which there can be traced the most distant relationship. I go for the improvement instead of the deterioration of our race.;Ezra Cornell;relationship
EA SPORTS has a strong partnership with adidas and through this relationship they approached adidas about using some of their top players from around the world.;Claudio Reyna;relationship
I am very proud of this work because it is more about the meaning of the Easter Rising and its relationship to what this whole century has been about, people liberating themselves, freeing themselves.;Leon Uris;relationship
The closer and more confidential our relationship with someone, the less we are entitled to ask about what we are not voluntarily told.;Louis Kronenberger;relationship
I have never understood that. I come from a place where the press makes or breaks an actor and it is more of a teamwork relationship.;Michelle Trachtenberg;relationship
My sensei was a British karate champion named Brian Fitkin. He was my mentor and because I had a hard relationship with my dad, he became a father figure to me.;Dolph Lundgren;relationship
Comic timing... is how to have a relationship with the camera and deal with the camera without looking like you are.;Colleen Haskell;relationship
In a movie like this, the relationship between the two guys is crucial. It sinks or swims on how these two guys are together. I think we did a good job.;Eddie Murphy;relationship
I have a much wider, freer view about spirituality. I feel that people need to pursue it on their own, personally. You know, let it be theirs - a personal relationship with their soul, or their God, or with their church.;Peter Jurasik;relationship
Novel technologies and ideas that impinge on human biology and their perceived impact on human values have renewed strains in the relationship between science and society.;Paul Berg;relationship
I really have always wanted to be a parent, and when I hit 36 and had just ended a relationship, I remember thinking how much I still wanted it. But I thought I'd adopt.;Courtney Thorne Smith;relationship
We had a strong relationship with Walter Brown, and felt that he was the best owner in the league.;Bob Cousy;relationship
In the first Spider-Man, at the end of the movie, Peter Parker had to deny himself a relationship with a girl that he's in love with. The very next thing that happens is that he's swinging through the city.;John Dykstra;relationship
I think when you're trying to produce a relationship on screen that doesn't actually exist, perhaps sometimes there's a temptation to look at each other more, to touch each other more.;Paul Bettany;relationship
My relationship and the bond with the people in Montreal was kind of special and doesn't happen very often.;Saku Koivu;relationship
Every relationship probably has, at its inception, a hundred things that you could pick on and divert you from it, but the feeling is there. You figure out a way to make it work.;Bennett Miller;relationship
I was writing short films and I was going through this really, really, really terrible end of a relationship that I didn't want to be going through. It was too much for me to process and all of a sudden I had this idea for my first feature film and I knew right away I had to start writing it.;Evan Glodell;relationship
Contentment does not come from achievement. It comes from a relationship with the Lord.;Paul Henderson;relationship
But I have tried to go over it very carefully, not merely what the evidence is, but with psychoanalysts and psychologists, and I think we're just about all agreed that Lincoln and Speed did not have a homosexual relationship.;David Herbert Donald;relationship
It is not really our country so much is the problem, it's sort of the parasitic relationship that Canada, and France, and other countries have towards us.;Bob Corker;relationship
One of the beauties of 'The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo' is the very delicate and strange relationship between the two main characters.;Stellan Skarsgard;relationship
I'm receiving 300 to 500 letters every week from people telling me that God used my stories to save their marriage or to introduce them to Christ or to heal a relationship that had been broken.;Karen Kingsbury;relationship
I met Bill Clinton in 1977 while I was working as a news reporter for KARK-TV in Little Rock, Arkansas. Shortly after we met, we began a sexual relationship that lasted for twelve years.;Gennifer Flowers;relationship
On several occasions, I discussed with Bill Clinton the subject of inquiries by the media about our relationship. He told me to continue to deny our relationship, that if we would stick together, everything would be okay.;Gennifer Flowers;relationship
I think that Bill and Hillary Clinton have a very special relationship and I think in very many ways to them it's a very satisfying relationship. I think that it's a mutual respect with a goal of power to achieve, maintain power. And I think that they have been good partners in that.;Gennifer Flowers;relationship
I have never lied about my relationship with Bill Clinton. The only proven liar, at this point, and the only admitted liar, is Bill Clinton not Gennifer Flowers, not Kathleen Willey, not Paula Jones and not Monica Lewinsky, at this point. He is the only proven liar.;Gennifer Flowers;relationship
The people at the record company had asked me if I could write a song about my life, my relationship with God, and where I'm from. Well, I can't write a song on purpose, my songs come in a moment of inspiration or desperation.;Billy Ray Cyrus;relationship
I finally did work out a very good relationship with my father, but it was rough growing up. We had a lot of conflict, and I think it surfaced in many of my works.;Ira Levin;relationship
I really always expected to somebody to make me happy and I don't think you can really enter into a relationship until you are happy.;Dyan Cannon;relationship
I can't get a relationship to last longer than it takes to make copies of their tapes.;Margaret Smith;relationship
My relationship with 'Pollyanna' is a very personal one, because Pollyanna got me through my childhood.;Eleanor Porter;relationship
French Yemeni relations are strong and good, they are relations depending on friendship and cooperation my relationship with the president Chiraq are old and real.;Ali A. Saleh;relationship
Waterpolo is my life. Our relationship is that of predetermination I'll never be better at anything than waterpolo and that is why it is my duty to pursue this sport as long as I can, and to the best of my abilities.;Tibor Benedek;relationship
When I was growing up, we used to play basketball in a park that was never shoveled when it snowed. The basketball rims were never fixed. And we understood then that there was a relationship between public policy and our quality of life.;DeForest Soaries;relationship
India is a global power and an important partner with whom we are building an intense, broad and enduring relationship.;Pierre Pettigrew;relationship
My brother and I have too good a relationship to spoil it by working together.;Trevor Phillips;relationship
He didn't want to tell his son what to do, but told me to write the president a letter. I didn't name a country, but there are many countries we have a fragile relationship with.;George Herbert Walker;relationship
But John Landis wrote a good relationship which is really what the film's about. A very straightforward young woman who's very sure of herself and she meets a young man who needs some taking care of.;Jenny Agutter;relationship
My relationship to gravity is permanently altered.;Steven Jesse Bernstein;relationship
I know the Russian political elite has got used to the Ukraine suffering from an inferiority complex, but I want this to disappear from our relationship.;Yulia Tymoshenko;relationship
Afghanistan is going to be here a long time, and what's critical is that Afghanistan's relationship with its neighbors are, to the maximum extent they can be, constructive and operationally useful.;John R. Allen;relationship
There were many women around. We all had a relationship with each other that was very strong. And all of our minds kind of hooked up. We rejected the society. We rejected marriage because we didn't like what our parents had.;Lynette Fromme;relationship
In the past I would self destruct when it came to love - I was immature, throwing myself into things but now times have changed, I want a relationship where you understand the other person.;Elisabetta Canalis;relationship
There is a direct line relationship between what happened in Afghanistan in the work up to 11 September 2001 and what we're doing in Afghanistan today.;John R. Allen;relationship
I'd fallen in love with a woman but she broke up with me and I was devastated. Six months later, I went into a suicidal depression from the break-up of the relationship, but I resolved to not do what my friends had done. And so I reached out for help.;Aron Ralston;relationship
And across Afghanistan, every single day, Afghan soldiers, Afghan police and ISAF troops are serving shoulder-to-shoulder in some very difficult situations. And our engagement with them, our shoulder-to-shoulder relationship with them, our conduct of operations with them every single day defines the real relationship.;John R. Allen;relationship
I met Roy's father once... And I think that Roy's relationship with his father is still at the heart of what Roy does. But at the end of the day, he's trying to prove himself to a father he'll never really please.;Jim Lampley;relationship
There are tens of thousands of interactions every single day across Afghanistan between the Afghan troops and International Security Assistance Force. On most of those, every single day we continue to deepen and broaden the relationship we seek.;John R. Allen;relationship
With Hitchcock I had little relationship. I was called to replace Bernard Herrmann, his favorite composer, in Torn Curtain, after the bitter fight between them.;Maurice Jarre;relationship
There is one question that I don't think Gary Condit can answer, and that I think is why we all aimed at Gary Condit, besides the fact that he has a relationship.;Barbara Olson;relationship
It's just like any relationship, the more contained the environment, the more the good stuff appears and the more the bad stuff will reveal itself.;Bruce Greenwood;relationship
It was really important in my relationship with James Caan that I understood the relationship between the family and the father.;Jeanne Tripplehorn;relationship
I think I learned about the relationship between books and life from Margaret Mitchell.;Pat Conroy;relationship
I've been working on Barb for a while. I looked at her as a sort of every woman. She's incredibly strong she's incredibly generous. She's seemingly insane because she is in the situation of a polygamous relationship, but she had definite reasons to do it.;Jeanne Tripplehorn;relationship
I am looking for a character that connects to me on some level. It has to be about something, it has to have depth to it and it has to be about something. The story of the character and their relationship with the people and places around them appeal to me and are what I look for.;Richard Hatch;relationship
I would stay on, but 'General Hospital' honestly doesn't seem to want that relationship with this character at the moment. They want little short doses during sweeps periods.;Genie Francis;relationship
I feel like, in a lot of shows where the woman is in charge, the woman is this ball buster and the guy is sort of weak and spineless. And that's never been my experience in a relationship. I think it's much more interesting that the guy is the boss. And there are stakes.;Whitney Cummings;relationship
You know, I think that President Obama is a person who has a great relationship with a number of people. Colin Powell does, too. I think Colin Powell is a fine American, a great leader and sees things in President Obama that he agrees with. He's entitled to have his opinion.;Pete Sessions;relationship
In the different voice of women lies the truth of an ethic of care, the tie between relationship and responsibility, and the origins of aggression in the failure of connection.;Carol Gilligan;relationship
If you want to have a relationship, at some point you have to let yourself get caught. That's what I did. I got caught.;Alexandra Guarnaschelli;relationship
The relationship between press and politician - protected by the Constitution and designed to be happily adversarial - becomes sour, raw and confrontational.;Roger Mudd;relationship
My relationship with the journalists who covered the campaign was complicated. I often hid from the critical eye of their cameras and their omnipresent digital recorders, wary of the critique implicit in every captured moment. But I also grew to respect and understand their passion for their work, their love for the journey we were sharing.;Alexandra Kerry;relationship
We saw what happened in Jimmy Carter's administration. President Carter was a good man with the best of intentions. But he came to Washington without a good working relationship with Democratic members of Congress, which played a big part in his administration's problems.;Jim Hunt;relationship
I feel an intense intimacy with those who have this loathing interest in me. Further than this, I know what they mean, I sympathize with them, I understand them. There should be a name (as poetic as love) for this relationship between loather and loathed it is of the closest and more full of passion than incest.;Laura Riding;relationship
This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple the philosophy is kindness.;Dalai Lama;religion
I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ.;Mahatma Gandhi;religion
I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.;C. S. Lewis;religion
Aim at heaven and you will get earth thrown in. Aim at earth and you get neither.;C. S. Lewis;religion
I would rather live my life as if there is a God and die to find out there isn't, than live my life as if there isn't and die to find out there is.;Albert Camus;religion
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples my philosophy is kindness.;Dalai Lama;religion
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.;Buddha;religion
You cannot believe in God until you believe in yourself.;Swami Vivekananda;religion
