I tread in the footsteps of illustrious men... in receiving from the people the sacred trust confided to my illustrious predecessor.;Martin Van Buren;trust
If the Americans go in and overthrow Saddam Hussein and it's clean, he has nothing, I will apologize to the nation, and I will not trust the Bush administration again.;Bill O'Reilly;trust
It takes people a while to trust you.;Karl Malone;trust
Trust your instincts: they tend to see you right. By listening to them, at least you can sleep at night.;Sophie Ellis-Bextor;trust
One of the things I had to learn as a writer was to trust the act of writing. To put myself in the position of writing to find out what I was writing.;E. L. Doctorow;trust
I had this totally impossible dream of being an actress. Trust me, just because I'm lucky enough to be doing this doesn't make any of this less of a pipe dream. And nothing gets my juices flowing like a really great performance. To see someone on stage, I get really excited.;Olivia Thirlby;trust
But that citizen's perception was also at one with the truth in recognizing that the very brutality of the means by which the IRA were pursuing change was destructive of the trust upon which new possibilities would have to be based.;Seamus Heaney;trust
The essence of good government is trust.;Kathleen Sebelius;trust
Relationships in general make people a bit nervous. It's about trust. Do I trust you enough to go there?;Neil LaBute;trust
Central authority is bad. The bias should be for freedom. And without a central authority, there are lots of little authorities, and we learn which ones to trust.;John Stossel;trust
I built a series of supporters that had my back. I never abused that trust. You can't cry wolf. You have to solve most problems yourself.;Michael Arad;trust
If you're an original thinker, you are going get told 'no' a lot, and you have to be able to hear 'no' many times from the bankers and trust that at some point, someone is going to recognize that you are an artist and not a can of soda.;Nick Offerman;trust
Any agreement that you have isn't going to be based on North Korea's intentions or trust.;Mitchell Reiss;trust
These are very subtle things, of course, and I don't expect everyone to pick them up consciously, but I think that there is something there that you must be able to feel, there is an energy at work that I must trust my audience will be able to pick up at some level.;Atom Egoyan;trust
The hedonistic lifestyle is difficult to achieve when you're still carrying your own gear. Trust me that you don't feel glamorous with a 60-pound amp in your arms it's a lot less sexy than toting a vodka gimlet and impossible to do in heels.;Carrie Brownstein;trust
What we're doing now is we're saying that individual schools can spend the money on their own priorities, so that head teachers can decide what's truly important, because the big shift in approach on education that we're taking - which is different from what happened before - is that we trust teachers and we trust heads.;Michael Gove;trust
The big shift in approach on education that we are taking - which is different from what happened before - is that we trust teachers and we trust heads.;Michael Gove;trust
Fanatics do not have faith - they have belief. With faith you let go. You trust. Whereas with belief you cling.;Yann Martel;trust
My bulimia was my addiction. Hurting myself was my addiction... The music is what saved me. That's the only thing I can trust.;Nicole Scherzinger;trust
You can't just trust to luck you have to really listen to what that character is telling you.;Estelle Parsons;trust
The biggest lesson I learned from Vietnam is not to trust our own government statements. I had no idea until then that you could not rely on them.;J. William Fulbright;trust
You cannot trust 25 guys in a locker room to have the same respect and training as I do with a weapon. That I do understand. I've carried a gun for 10 years. I've carried them in the locker room, and nobody really knows about it. I know how to handle myself.;Luke Scott;trust
Like, you can find your dream, if you firmly believe. You have to have the innocence, and you have to have the daringness to trust.;Bai Ling;trust
Jim Bakker came along. He said, Jessica Hahn, listen. You're a virgin. As God as my witness. He said, We need a girl that we can trust.;Jessica Hahn;trust
I really like my doctors. Some of them I love. I trust them.;Nancy Grace;trust
I think that America will not trust a party to defend America that isn't willing to defend itself.;James Carville;trust
This thing is for the game of golf, yeah, but trust me, the Europeans don't have that mentality.;Payne Stewart;trust
What Clinton did with Lewinsky was despicable but was no threat to the nation. That he lied about it repeatedly and to the public is a reason for us to cease to trust him and for him to resign.;Donella Meadows;trust
I teach for the Book Trust, which promotes reading and writing with children.;Toby Jones;trust
If we can by any method establish a relation of mutual trust between the laborer and the employer, we shall lay the foundation stone of a structure that will endure for all time.;Mark Hanna;trust
I think it's a style of acting that you trust. You trust the instincts.;Jeff Daniels;trust
I had a career and I came to motherhood late and am not married and have never had such a trusting relationship with a man - and trust is where the real power of love comes from.;Diane Keaton;trust
The United States contributes to peace in both by serving as a buffer between and among regional powers that, while not preparing for armed conflict, do not fully trust one another.;Michael Mandelbaum;trust
We trust something in a grocery store and assume it's good. We don't learn about the most precious thing in life-the food we put in our body. Educate yourself!;Paul Prudhomme;trust
The chief internal enemies of any state are those public officials who betray the trust imposed upon them by the people.;Dalton Trumbo;trust
I find I like to work with a lot of the same actors, because I find that there's sort of shorthand there, and there is this unspoken trust, both ways. They trust me and I trust them. And I know what I'm going to get from them, to an extent. It's just fun, kind of creating this little family.;Todd Phillips;trust
Even now I can't trust life. It did too many awful things to me as a kid.;Clara Bow;trust
I trust, that your readers will not construe my words to mean, that I would not have gone to a 3 o'clock in the morning session, for the sake of defeating the Nebraska bill.;Gerrit Smith;trust
When you're told to go brief a United States senator on a covert operation, you go do it. And you trust the information isn't going to leak.;Oliver North;trust
We realized that the only persons we can truly trust in this world is each other and our families.;Marion Jones;trust
Trust the tale, not the teller.;David Knopfler;trust
What we have is North Korea still pursuing path to a nuclear weapon state. So the majority of people's trust in North Korea has gone down considerably.;Lee Myung-bak;trust
Americans have been given goals to achieve in Iraq, but not the standards by which to measure progress. And the only assurance Americans have been given that we can reach those goals is to trust the President and his Administration at their word.;Patrick J. Kennedy;trust
I love to be directed. They can trust me and go.;Jeff Goldblum;trust
And trust, yes, which is important, but that is what I aim towards. Now that is difficult for some people, and with that desire to get things as good as possible, I would say that I'm probably regarded as quite prickly to work with.;Jeremy Irons;trust
I currently use Ubuntu Linux, on a standalone laptop - it has no Internet connection. I occasionally carry flash memory drives between this machine and the Macs that I use for network surfing and graphics but I trust my family jewels only to Linux.;Donald Knuth;trust
What we've gone through in the last several years has caused some people to question 'Can we trust Microsoft?';Steve Ballmer;trust
Even where friendship is concerned, it takes me a long time to trust people.;Namie Amuro;trust
In my work you often get an abrupt shift in time, a jolt. But the emotional logic will take the reader on. I hope. I trust. After all, our memories do not work with any sequential logic.;Graham Swift;trust
Whoever places his trust into a system will soon be without a home. While you are building your third story, the two lower ones have already been dismantled.;Franz Grillparzer;trust
You never know really what anyone thinks about you - that's why all my closest friends are ones I've had since my schooling days when I was 5. And I surround myself with people who I trust and who know me.;Dominic Cooper;trust
What I've learned in these 11 years is you just got to stay focused and believe in yourself and trust your own ability and judgment.;Mark Cuban;trust
I just trust people and they sense everything's gonna be alright.;Gregory Corso;trust
If you succeed with your first dream, it helps. You know, people trust you, possibly, for the second one. They give you a chance to play out your second one.;James D. Watson;trust
One of our most noble political tasks is to open up trust.;Gustav Heinemann;trust
Disarmament requires trust.;Gustav Heinemann;trust
We believe. We believe in our destiny as a nation. We believe we have been called to do good, to spread the blessings of liberty and encourage the sense of trust upon which free societies depend.;Tony Snow;trust
And they like being able to turn on the television day in and day out to see someone that they know and they feel comfortable with and trust hopefully and respect even.;Katie Couric;trust
Bereavement is the sharpest challenge to our trust in God if faith can overcome this, there is no mountain which it cannot remove.;Dean Inge;trust
I can count on one hand how many people I trust.;Frances Bean Cobain;trust
The Minutemen were seen as more of an art thing than Black Flag, although I didn't see them that way. It confused people when we put out Saccharine Trust, too.;Greg Ginn;trust
The power to investigate is a great public trust.;Emanuel Celler;trust
You know, at the end of the day, the only thing you have is trust and honor in this world. That's all you have. All you have is your reputation built on trust and your personal honor. When you don't have that anymore, well, you know, there you go. Trust was broken.;George Tenet;trust
You see that's what I think is such a terrible, terrible betrayal, the trust that people have in government.;Ralph Steadman;trust
I trust that the president will try, just give it one more shot, some revolutionary way of not doing this, of bringing all those kids back home safely.;F. Murray Abraham;trust
I don't trust anybody who didn't inhale.;Peter Fonda;trust
No dance has ever turned out the way I thought it would, because I trust enough that I can start something with some ideas and then it takes itself somewhere.;Mark Morris;trust
I have a good team around me. I have people I trust around me. If I go the wrong way, they will yell at me. Just as they have in the past.;Bubba Watson;trust
Feeding is a very important ritual for me. I don't trust people who don't like to eat.;Gina Gershon;trust
The Christian must trust in a withdrawing God.;William Gurnall;trust
The president has undermined trust. No longer will the members of Congress be entitled to accept his veracity. Caveat emptor has become the word. Every member of Congress is on his or her own to determine the truth.;Bob Graham;trust
I am lucky to have advisers whom I trust.;Monica Seles;trust
Trust your gut instinct over spreadsheets. There are too many variables in the real world that you simply can't put into a spreadsheet. Spreadsheets spit out results from your inexact assumptions and give you a false sense of security. In most cases, your heart and gut are still your best guide.;Naveen Jain;trust
When you're a mom and you have three children, nothing bothers you. Trust me. Who cares what people say? I've got other things to deal with.;Faith Hill;trust
That's the hard part about sport: as men we haven't started to be in our prime, but as athletes we are old people. I needed support. I lost trust and did stupid things.;Boris Becker;trust
I hope and trust the infinite, the eternal, and merciful and loving God. I worship Him and feel no guilt in my heart before him for what I am going to do.;Alex Campbell;trust
I worked with creative people who were very demanding of me, and they helped me reach performances that I never could have gotten on my own without being pushed and having trust in them. And so I know the best way to get the best performance of an actor, and that's not to coddle them or to baby them. It's to help them it's to push them.;Ricky Schroder;trust
And when I retired, trust me, not only did Nolan Ryan, but the entire Ryan family had withdrawals from baseball. And it was tough.;Nolan Ryan;trust
You just have to trust your instincts and hope that if someone doesn't like your idea, you can prove them wrong in the final process. In the end, you can please some of the people some of the time, but that's about all you can do.;Bryan Singer;trust
In spite of the haze of speculation, it is still something of a shock to find myself here, coming to terms with an enormous trust placed in my hands and with the inevitable sense of inadequacy that goes with that.;Rowan Williams;trust
Institutions develop because people put a lot of trust in them, they meet real needs, they represent important aspirations, whether it's monasteries, media, or banks, people begin by trusting these institutions, and gradually the suspicion develops that actually they're working for themselves, not for the community.;Rowan Williams;trust
The Macau casinos have a wonderful business, it's taking in money from Chinese businessmen elsewhere who send it through junky companies to casinos to gamble. The growth continues and they have basically western managers and western accounting, so we trust the numbers a little bit more.;James Chanos;trust
But I don't have a very good track record with royalty. My dress fell off in front of Prince Charles at the Prince's Trust, so I'm just living up to my reputation.;Kate Bush;trust
This relationship is going to be built on trust.;Marla Maples;trust
We've got to trust the politicians with these decisions.;George Carey;trust
I don't trust the Bee Gee's because there's no way they could always be happy.;Jon Crosby;trust
I became much happier when I realized I shouldn't depend solely on my career for my sense of self. So I developed other interests and surrounded myself with a small group of friends I could trust.;Douglas Wood;trust
I went through a long period of time in that marriage when I didn't believe anything was my fault. I had to face what my part was, and only because of that difficult work was I able to trust a man again.;Connie Sellecca;trust
Better to trust the man who is frequently in error than the one who is never in doubt.;Eric Sevareid;trust
Various channels of dialogue must be kept open to build trust. I will meet North Korea's leader if it is needed to develop relations between the two Koreas.;Park Geun-hye;trust
I never found anyone who was good enough, who I could trust enough.;Christine Keeler;trust
Suicide is possible, but not probable hanging, I trust, is even more unlikely for I hope that, by the time I die, my countrymen will have become civilised enough to abolish capital punishment.;Laurence Housman;trust
Know that there is so much more to you than your body. It's not just about perfecting the steps you must trust your instincts to tell deep, emotional stories through the steps that you are performing.;Karen Kain;trust
I trust my instincts.;Billy Zane;trust
It's probably a bit of a power trip when you befriend somebody enough that they trust you to tell you things.;Josh Brolin;trust
I never practice before, I never work hours on a script. I just choose my characters and trust them, and after that, it's about the director taking your hand.;Melanie Laurent;trust
When I think it's good not to say the truth, I don't say anything. I don't like actors in general, they lie, they are liars, trust me.;Melanie Laurent;trust
He is still my father. He is still a person I know I could trust and he would never do anything against me. Once you're at the top, there are not many people like that. People always want something from you.;Martina Hingis;trust
We do not trust the goodwill of the U.S. They have cut the ties.;Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani;trust
