Italians know about human nature - they understand human nature perhaps better than anyone else does. They know that people are weak and greedy and lazy and dishonest and they just try to make the best of it to work around it.;Donna Leon;nature
A book is a fragile creature, it suffers the wear of time, it fears rodents, the elements and clumsy hands. so the librarian protects the books not only against mankind but also against nature and devotes his life to this war with the forces of oblivion.;Umberto Eco;nature
The addiction to sports, therefore, in a peculiar degree marks an arrested development in man's moral nature.;Thorstein Veblen;nature
Who would dare assign to art the sterile function of imitating nature?;Charles Baudelaire;nature
Nature is a temple in which living columns sometimes emit confused words. Man approaches it through forests of symbols, which observe him with familiar glances.;Charles Baudelaire;nature
To the artist there is never anything ugly in nature.;Auguste Rodin;nature
To any artist, worthy of the name, all in nature is beautiful, because his eyes, fearlessly accepting all exterior truth, read there, as in an open book, all the inner truth.;Auguste Rodin;nature
Those who seek to satisfy the mind of man by hampering it with ceremonies and music and affecting charity and devotion have lost their original nature.;Zhuangzi;nature
We trifle when we assign limits to our desires, since nature hath set none.;Christian Nestell Bovee;nature
If the sight of the blue skies fills you with joy, if a blade of grass springing up in the fields has power to move you, if the simple things of nature have a message that you understand, rejoice, for your soul is alive.;Eleonora Duse;nature
Happiness is dependent on self-discipline. We are the biggest obstacles to our own happiness. It is much easier to do battle with society and with others than to fight our own nature.;Dennis Prager;nature
People must help one another it is nature's law.;Jean de La Fontaine;nature
Limited in his nature, infinite in his desire, man is a fallen god who remembers heaven.;Alphonse de Lamartine;nature
Your body is the church where Nature asks to be reverenced.;Marquis de Sade;nature
The primary and most beautiful of Nature's qualities is motion, which agitates her at all times, but this motion is simply a perpetual consequence of crimes, she conserves it by means of crimes only.;Marquis de Sade;nature
The protean nature of the computer is such that it can act like a machine or like a language to be shaped and exploited.;Alan Kay;nature
I'll walk where my own nature would be leading: It vexes me to choose another guide.;Emily Bronte;nature
People who don't see their nature and imagine they can practice thoughtlessness all the time are lairs and fools.;Bodhidharma;nature
Becoming emancipated at 14, my life wasn't normal. I didn't have to go to school, so I didn't. I was rebellious by nature. I spent my 20s focusing on my company, Flower Films, and producing movies. Now that I'm almost 30, I would like to try other things in lie. I'm crazy about photography, and I want to take an art history class.;Drew Barrymore;nature
I thoroughly enjoy getting away from the game and going out fishing because it's so relaxing, so quiet and peaceful. I mean, there's no noise other than nature - and it's so different from what I do in a tournament situation that it just eases my mind.;Tiger Woods;nature
Whether we and our politicians know it or not, Nature is party to all our deals and decisions, and she has more votes, a longer memory, and a sterner sense of justice than we do.;Wendell Berry;nature
There's something in human nature, the trying-to-get-on-with-it quality of people, the struggle to maintain or keep the show going can be exhausting.;Greg Kinnear;nature
Physics does not change the nature of the world it studies, and no science of behavior can change the essential nature of man, even though both sciences yield technologies with a vast power to manipulate the subject matters.;Pope Paul VI;nature
Nature is commonplace. Imitation is more interesting.;Gertrude Stein;nature
An artist must possess Nature. He must identify himself with her rhythm, by efforts that will prepare the mastery which will later enable him to express himself in his own language.;Henri Matisse;nature
Human intelligence may not be the best trick nature has to offer.;Bryant H. McGill;nature
I consider it useless and tedious to represent what exists, because nothing that exists satisfies me. Nature is ugly, and I prefer the monsters of my fancy to what is positively trivial.;Charles Baudelaire;nature
We all dream. We dream vividly, depending on our nature. Our existence is beyond our explanation, whether we believe in God or we have religion or we're atheist.;Anthony Hopkins;nature
To find a Buddha all you have to do is see your nature.;Bodhidharma;nature
Art is contemplation. It is the pleasure of the mind which searches into nature and which there divines the spirit of which nature herself is animated.;Auguste Rodin;nature
Parents of recovered children, and I've met hundreds, all share the same experience of doubters and deniers telling us our child must have never even had autism or that the recovery was simply nature's course. We all know better, and frankly we're too busy helping other parents to really care.;Jenny McCarthy;nature
Our job is to represent the truth of human nature, whether you're playing a tender love story that's set in a coffee shop or whether you're in 'The Avengers,' which is set in a Manhattan which is exploding.;Tom Hiddleston;nature
Your basic person wants to talk about material culture, internet culture. I think about God, cats, nature.;Billy Corgan;nature
Man is a creative retrospection of nature upon itself.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;nature
He who does not become familiar with nature through love will never know her.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;nature
I think the destructive, vicious, negative nature of much of the news media makes it harder to govern this country, harder to attract decent people to run for public office.;Newt Gingrich;nature
There is a very remarkable inclination in human nature to bestow on external objects the same emotions which it observes in itself, and to find every where those ideas which are most present to it.;David Hume;nature
Nature, who for the perfect maintenance of the laws of her general equilibrium, has sometimes need of vices and sometimes of virtues, inspires now this impulse, now that one, in accordance with what she requires.;Marquis de Sade;nature
Part of making any endeavour is that each one has its own special problems. It's the nature of the process.;Martin Scorsese;nature
Nature is the art of God.;Dante Alighieri;nature
By nature I'm not a brooder.;Hugh Jackman;nature
I have two children and it's amazing how in tune they are with nature, with light, with smells, with time.;Hugh Jackman;nature
That's all about the natural order of things, the idea of nature protecting children but also children protecting nature.;Hugh Jackman;nature
I know I'm not known as method. By nature I'm not a brooder. What I continue to use is a mixture of the English school, which is traditionally outside-in, and the more American way of working from the inside out.;Hugh Jackman;nature
Chaos was the law of nature Order was the dream of man.;Henry Adams;nature
Nature is indifferent to the survival of the human species, including Americans.;Adlai E. Stevenson;nature
Nature is at work. Character and destiny are her handiwork. She gives us love and hate, jealousy and reverence. All that is ours is the power to choose which impulse we shall follow.;David Seabury;nature
Marriage is an institution fits in perfect harmony with the laws of nature whereas systems of slavery and segregation were designed to brutally oppress people and thereby violated the laws of nature.;Jack Kingston;nature
No tendency is quite so strong in human nature as the desire to lay down rules of conduct for other people.;William Howard Taft;nature
If you can kill animals, the same attitude can kill human beings. The mentality is the same which exploits nature and which creates wars.;Satish Kumar;nature
Living in Cambridge, with nature and everything, it's so clean.;Syd Barrett;nature
Nature never makes any blunders, when she makes a fool she means it.;Archibald Alexander;nature
Once you see your nature, sex is basically immaterial.;Bodhidharma;nature
Human beings are accustomed to think of intellect as the power of having and controlling ideas and of ability to learn as synonymous with ability to have ideas. But learning by having ideas is really one of the rare and isolated events in nature.;Edward Thorndike;nature
We are a people that have always celebrated other people's success so long as we always had the opportunity to meet that success ourselves. That is the American nature. That is the American character. That is one of the things that makes us different from the rest of the world. And I'm afraid we could lose that or are on the verge of losing that.;Marco Rubio;nature
It's not in our nature. Americans have never been a people that drive through a nice neighborhood and say, 'Oh, I hate the people who live in these nice houses.';Marco Rubio;nature
We all need to look into the dark side of our nature - that's where the energy is, the passion. People are afraid of that because it holds pieces of us we're busy denying.;Sue Grafton;nature
Nature makes boys and girls lovely to look upon so they can be tolerated until they acquire some sense.;William Lyon Phelps;nature
There is a great deal of human nature in man.;Charles Kingsley;nature
Loki in 'Thor' is the most incredible springboard into a sort of excavation of the darker aspects of human nature. So that was thrilling, coming back knowing that I'd built the boat and now I could set sail into choppier waters.;Tom Hiddleston;nature
While day by day the overzealous student stores up facts for future use, he who has learned to trust nature finds need for ever fewer external directions. He will discard formula after formula, until he reaches the conclusion: Let nature take its course.;Larry Bird;nature
Nature's great masterpiece, an elephant the only harmless great thing.;John Donne;nature
I am not going to claim that modern anarchism has any direct relation to Roman jurisprudence but I do claim that it has its basis in the laws of nature rather than in the state of nature.;Herbert Read;nature
What constitutes a real, live human being is more of a mystery than ever these days, and men each one of whom is a valuable, unique experiment on the part of nature are shot down wholesale.;Hermann Hesse;nature
That's the nature of women, not to love when we love them, and to love when we love them not.;Miguel de Cervantes;nature
This is a war universe. War all the time. That is its nature. There may be other universes based on all sorts of other principles, but ours seems to be based on war and games.;William Burroughs;nature
Man masters nature not by force but by understanding. This is why science has succeeded where magic failed: because it has looked for no spell to cast over nature.;Jacob Bronowski;nature
The nature of rumor is known to all.;Tertullian;nature
I like my home and I like the nature.;Billy Corgan;nature
Man is the miracle in nature. God Is the One Miracle to man.;Jean Ingelow;nature
God is each truly and exalted thing, therefore the individual himself to the highest degree. But are not nature and the world individuals?;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;nature
Humans have certain properties and characteristics which are intrinsic to them, just as every other organism does. That's human nature.;Noam Chomsky;nature
As I grew older, I realized that it was much better to insist on the genuine forms of nature, for simplicity is the greatest adornment of art.;Albrecht Durer;nature
Societies have always been shaped more by the nature of the media by which men communicate than by the content of the communication.;Marshall McLuhan;nature
Disease is the retribution of outraged Nature.;Hosea Ballou;nature
I believe it is in my nature to dance by virtue of the beat of my heart, the pulse of my blood and the music in my mind.;Robert Fulghum;nature
By its very nature the beautiful is isolated from everything else. From beauty no road leads to reality.;Hannah Arendt;nature
For all of nature's wonder and beauty, it is also hostile and unpredictable.;Liam Neeson;nature
Although I'm an atheist who believes only in great nature, I recognize the spiritual richness and grandeur of the Roman Catholicism in which I was raised.;Camille Paglia;nature
Philosophy would render us entirely Pyrrhonian, were not nature too strong for it.;David Hume;nature
Human Nature is the only science of man and yet has been hitherto the most neglected.;David Hume;nature
Be truthful, nature only sides with truth.;Adolf Loos;nature
The man who interprets Nature is always held in great honor.;Zora Neale Hurston;nature
When I was growing up, Dr. Seuss was really my favorite. There was something about the lyrical nature and the simplicity of his work that really hit me.;Tim Burton;nature
I did not want to be a tree, a flower or a wave. In a dancer's body, we as audience must see ourselves, not the imitated behavior of everyday actions, not the phenomenon of nature, not exotic creatures from another planet, but something of the miracle that is a human being.;Martha Graham;nature
When a man and a woman have an overwhelming passion for each other, it seems to me, in spite of such obstacles dividing them as parents or husband, that they belong to each other in the name of Nature, and are lovers by Divine right, in spite of human convention or the laws.;Nicolas Chamfort;nature
He who asks of life nothing but the improvement of his own nature... is less liable than anyone else to miss and waste life.;Henri Frederic Amiel;nature
The nature of God is a circle of which the center is everywhere and the circumference is nowhere.;Empedocles;nature
It is not human nature we should accuse but the despicable conventions that pervert it.;Denis Diderot;nature
Our observation of nature must be diligent, our reflection profound, and our experiments exact. We rarely see these three means combined and for this reason, creative geniuses are not common.;Denis Diderot;nature
Nature is neutral.;Adlai E. Stevenson;nature
Every formula which expresses a law of nature is a hymn of praise to God.;Maria Mitchell;nature
Ultimately, all human activities have as their goal the realization of happiness. Why, then, have we ended up producing the opposite result? Could the underlying cause be our failure to correctly understand the true nature of happiness?;Daisaku Ikeda;nature
I think it's a very firm part of human nature that if you surround yourself with like-minded people, you'll end up thinking more extreme versions of what you thought before.;Cass Sunstein;nature
Age is not measured by years. Nature does not equally distribute energy. Some people are born old and tired while others are going strong at seventy.;Dorothy Thompson;nature
Nature can do more than physicians.;Oliver Cromwell;nature
To me, the world's rather beautiful if you look at it. Especially nature.;David Hockney;nature
To enter by reason means to realize the essence through instruction and to believe that all living things share the same true nature, which isn't apparent because it's shrouded by sensation and delusion.;Bodhidharma;nature
Your nature is the Buddha.;Bodhidharma;nature
