Courtship is to marriage, as a very witty prologue to a very dull play.;William Congreve;marriage
The problem with marriage is that it ends every night after making love, and it must be rebuilt every morning before breakfast.;Gabriel Garcia Marquez;marriage
The secret of a successful marriage is not to be at home too much.;Colin Chapman;marriage
A liberated woman is one who has sex before marriage and a job after.;Gloria Steinem;marriage
Before marriage, a man declares that he would lay down his life to serve you after marriage, he won't even lay down his newspaper to talk to you.;Helen Rowland;marriage
Gay marriage is going to happen. It must.;Lady Gaga;marriage
We will see a breakdown of the family and family values if we decide to approve same-sex marriage, and if we decide to establish homosexuality as an acceptable alternative lifestyle with all the benefits that go with equating it with the heterosexual lifestyle.;Jerry Falwell;marriage
I believe a marriage is between a man and a woman.;George W. Bush;marriage
I'm done with men... I'm going to be alone. I have no luck with relationships. I don't think I'm made for marriage.;Halle Berry;marriage
Marriage is miserable unless you find the right person that is your soulmate and that takes a lot of looking.;Marvin Gaye;marriage
After a few years of marriage a man can look right at a woman without seeing her and a woman can see right through a man without looking at him.;Helen Rowland;marriage
Crucial to understanding federalism in modern day America is the concept of mobility, or 'the ability to vote with your feet.' If you don't support the death penalty and citizens packing a pistol - don't come to Texas. If you don't like medicinal marijuana and gay marriage, don't move to California.;Rick Perry;marriage
I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain and bought jewelry.;Rita Rudner;marriage
I did commit to myself that I would not jump back into being the workaholic that I can be before I gave myself an honest opportunity to create the marriage of my dreams and to create the beginning of the family of my dreams, and that took a hot second.;Alanis Morissette;marriage
I love the concept of togetherness and the entwinement of marriage.;William Shatner;marriage
Marriage is the tomb of love.;Giacomo Casanova;marriage
Marriage is the torment of one, the felicity of two, the strife and enmity of three.;Washington Irving;marriage
Always remember that the most important thing in a good marriage is not happiness, but stability.;Gabriel Garcia Marquez;marriage
I am against marriage, and I don't give a fig for society.;Brigitte Bardot;marriage
Feminism is dated? Yes, for privileged women like my daughter and all of us here today, but not for most of our sisters in the rest of the world who are still forced into premature marriage, prostitution, forced labor - they have children that they don't want or they cannot feed.;Isabel Allende;marriage
Sometimes I bust out and do things so permanent. Like tattoos and marriage.;Drew Barrymore;marriage
I have a terrific marriage, but unlike a lot of relationships where they ebb and flow, no matter what happens you fall deeper and deeper in love every day. It's kind of the best thing that can happen to you. It's thrilling.;Hugh Jackman;marriage
It takes a lot of work to put together a marriage, to put together a family and a home.;Elizabeth Edwards;marriage
They say marriage will change you but it didn't change me. Being in love changed me.;R. Kelly;marriage
Marriage is wonderful.;Jennifer Aniston;marriage
Marriage brings up all the things I pushed to the back burner - the fears, the mistrust, the doubts, the insecurities. It's like opening Pandora's box.;Jennifer Aniston;marriage
I've always been suspicious of TV, I've always found music and video to be an unhappy marriage.;Keith Richards;marriage
Art is a marriage of the conscious and the unconscious.;Jean Cocteau;marriage
I don't see any reason for marriage when there is divorce.;Catherine Deneuve;marriage
I didn't want to be one of those women who wake up at 63 years old and realize they've missed the window of opportunity for marriage and children.;Alanis Morissette;marriage
A good marriage is one which allows for change and growth in the individuals and in the way they express their love.;Pearl S. Buck;marriage
Mr. DeMille's theory of sexual difference was that marriage is an artificial state for women. The want to be taken, ruled, raped. That was his theory.;Hedy Lamarr;marriage
After about 20 years of marriage, I'm finally starting to scratch the surface of what women want. And I think the answer lies somewhere between conversation and chocolate.;Mel Gibson;marriage
Marriage has made me a lot happier and I'm deeply in love with my wife, and I thank God for her every day.;Harry Connick, Jr.;marriage
Marriage equality is about more than just marriage. It's about something greater. It's about acceptance.;Charlize Theron;marriage
Never stay in a bad marriage, and don't hang around with psycho coke fiends.;Joe Rogan;marriage
Marriage as an institution developed from rape as a practice. Rape, originally defined as abduction, became marriage by capture. Marriage meant the taking was to extend in time, to be not only use of but possession of, or ownership.;Andrea Dworkin;marriage
It had not occurred to me that marriage requires the same effort as a career. And unlike a career, marriage requires a joint effort.;Jessica Savitch;marriage
Sticking with a marriage. That's true grit, man.;Jeff Bridges;marriage
Adultery - which is the only grounds for divorce in New York - is not grounds for divorce in California. As a matter of fact, adultery in Southern California is grounds for marriage.;Allan Sherman;marriage
A key to keeping your husband is getting him to miss you. That keeps a marriage fresh.;Tori Amos;marriage
Woman, or more precisely put, perhaps, marriage, is the representative of life with which you are meant to come to terms.;Franz Kafka;marriage
Perhaps my problem in marriage-and it is the problem of many women-was to want both intimacy and independence. It is a difficult line to walk, yet both needs are important to a marriage.;Hedy Lamarr;marriage
The ceremony took six minutes. The marriage lasted about the same amount of time though we didn't get a divorce for almost a year.;Hedy Lamarr;marriage
I read somewhere that Mitt and I have a 'storybook marriage.' Well, in the storybooks I read, there were never long, long, rainy winter afternoons in a house with five boys screaming at once. And those storybooks never seemed to have chapters called MS or breast cancer.;Ann Romney;marriage
If we abandon marriage, we abandon the family.;Michael Enzi;marriage
I love John Irving's stuff. It's that marriage of comedy and tragedy. It's really terrific.;Jeff Bridges;marriage
I love marriage.;Jeff Bridges;marriage
I don't know how it is for women or for other guys, but when I was young and in my 20s, I had a fear of marriage.;Jeff Bridges;marriage
I was against gay marriage until I realized I didn't have to get one.;James Carville;marriage
What is marriage, is marriage protection or religion, is marriage renunciation or abundance, is marriage a stepping-stone or an end. What is marriage.;Gertrude Stein;marriage
But marriage goes in waves. You've got to be patient. People bail and give up on their marriages way too early. They just don't put the work and the effort into it. You've got to suck up your ego a lot of times, because that can be a big downfall.;Anna Benson;marriage
Inspirations never go in for long engagements they demand immediate marriage to action.;Brendan Francis;marriage
I firmly believe in marriage. It's a real important decision that takes a lot of dedication and time. If you're thinking about divorce. You shouldn't get married.;Seth Green;marriage
Now that virtually every career is an option for ambitious girls, it can no longer be considered regressive or reactionary to reintroduce discussion of marriage and motherhood to primary education. We certainly do not want to return to the simplistic duality of home economics classes for girls and wood shop for boys.;Camille Paglia;marriage
Love, the quest marriage, the conquest divorce, the inquest.;Helen Rowland;marriage
I have no difficulty with the recognition of civil unions for non-traditional relationships but I believe in law we should protect the traditional definition of marriage.;Stephen Harper;marriage
The facts are plain: Religious leaders who preside over marriage ceremonies must and will be guided by what they believe. If they do not wish to celebrate marriages for same-sex couples, that is their right. The Supreme Court says so. And the Charter says so.;Paul Martin;marriage
I come from divorce. I'm only doing marriage once. It's not a game for me.;Shia LaBeouf;marriage
The possibility of divorce renders both marriage partners stricter in their observance of the duties they owe to each other. Divorces help to improve morals and to increase the population.;Denis Diderot;marriage
I think even in a good marriage, especially if you stay together long enough, there are going to be events that happen.;Tori Amos;marriage
Marriage is not just spiritual communion, it is also remembering to take out the trash.;Joyce Brothers;marriage
In terms of my marriage, you know, falling in love with my husband was by far the best thing that's ever happened to me.;Caroline Kennedy;marriage
The most happy marriage I can picture or imagine to myself would be the union of a deaf man to a blind woman.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;marriage
Our marriage is grounded in the word of God. That's really it. God is the core of our marriage, and the foundation and the blueprint for it is how we live, and being open and honest and communicating, but ultimately doing what pleases God, and not in a selfish manner.;Candace Cameron Bure;marriage
We must have great respect for these people who also suffer and who want to find their own way of correct living. On the other hand, to create a legal form of a kind of homosexual marriage, in reality, does not help these people.;Joseph Ratzinger;marriage
During last night's debate, John Kerry and John Edwards were so friendly to each other some political experts think that they may end up running together. In fact Kerry and Edwards were so friendly, President Bush accused them of planning a gay marriage.;Conan O'Brien;marriage
The press is just not your friend when it comes to a marriage. That's why we didn't sell the pictures of our wedding, and we got offered millions of dollars for them, millions.;Katy Perry;marriage
I think of marriage as a garden. You have to tend to it. Respect it, take care of it, feed it. Make sure everyone is getting the right amount of, um, sunlight.;Mark Ruffalo;marriage
Marriage is the miracle that transforms a kiss from a pleasure into a duty.;Helen Rowland;marriage
Marriage is like twirling a baton, turning hand springs or eating with chopsticks. It looks easy until you try it.;Helen Rowland;marriage
Marriage is socialism among two people.;Barbara Ehrenreich;marriage
Have you ever heard of a good marriage growing in front of the cameras?;Brigitte Bardot;marriage
The sad truth is that the civil rights movement cannot be reborn until we identify the causes of black suffering, some of them self-inflicted. Why can't black leaders organize rallies around responsible sexuality, birth within marriage, parents reading to their children and students staying in school and doing homework?;Henry Louis Gates;marriage
I'll always be sad that my marriage ended.;Shania Twain;marriage
The mark of a good marriage is partnership and continuing to feel inspired by your spouse. I had that with Tao. But the end is not necessarily the tragedy. Staying in a relationship that is no longer working is the tragedy. Living unhappily - that's the tragedy.;Olivia Wilde;marriage
The cultural expectation should be if there's infidelity, the marriage is more important than fidelity.;Dan Savage;marriage
When you're a father in a marriage, you sort of become the mother's assistant. And you sort of get a list from her every day and you run down the list and it feels very much like a chore.;Louis C. K.;marriage
Marriage: a ceremony in which rings are put on the finger of the lady and through the nose of the gentleman.;Herbert Spencer;marriage
I don't understand what the big deal is with gay marriage. Get over it, people.;Kristin Chenoweth;marriage
In interviews I gave early on in my career, I was quoted as saying it was possible to have it all: a dynamic job, marriage, and children. In some respects, I was a social adolescent.;Jessica Savitch;marriage
Marriage is obsolete and a trap.;Catherine Deneuve;marriage
It was a perfect marriage. She didn't want to and he couldn't.;Spike Milligan;marriage
There is nothing wrong with your marriage if you're dealing with bills and kids and the broken garbage disposal and in-laws and work demands. That's a normal marriage.;Phil McGraw;marriage
I never had a policy about marriage. I got married very young in life and I always think in all relationships, I've always thought that it's counterproductive to have a theory on that.;Jack Nicholson;marriage
Divorce these days is a religious vow, as if the proper offspring of marriage.;Tertullian;marriage
I suffered, I really suffered, with all three of my husbands. And I tried damn hard with all three, starting each marriage certain that it was going to last until the end of my life. Yet none of them lasted more than a year or two.;Ava Gardner;marriage
After marriage, the other man's wife looks more beautiful.;Navjot Singh Sidhu;marriage
Marriage is really tough because you have to deal with feelings... and lawyers.;Richard Pryor;marriage
I believe in the institution of marriage, and I intend to keep trying till I get it right.;Richard Pryor;marriage
Marriage is this grand madness, and I think if people knew that, they would perhaps take it more seriously.;Bono;marriage
We must have great respect for these people who also suffer and who want to find their own way of correct living. On the other hand, to create a legal form of a kind of homosexual marriage, in reality, does not help these people.;Pope Benedict XVI;marriage
After a while in marriage, it doesn't work anymore. There is something missing, there is something wrong. There are few marriages that stay alive forever. We like something, and after a while, we hate what we used to love.;Monica Bellucci;marriage
Marriage? It's like asparagus eaten with vinaigrette or hollandaise, a matter of taste but of no importance.;Francoise Sagan;marriage
Love is more pleasant than marriage for the same reason that novels are more amusing than history.;Nicolas Chamfort;marriage
If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam.;Johnny Carson;marriage
Those who condemn gay marriage, yet are silent or indifferent to the breakdown of marriage and divorce, are, in my view, missing the real issue.;Malcolm Turnbull;marriage
I do not think that marriage is one of my talents. I've been much happier unmarried than married.;Doris Lessing;marriage
When the rose and the cross are united the alchemical marriage is complete and the drama ends. Then we wake from history and enter eternity.;Robert Anton Wilson;marriage
