A man reserves his true and deepest love not for the species of woman in whose company he finds himself electrified and enkindled, but for that one in whose company he may feel tenderly drowsy.;George Jean Nathan;love
I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love.;Mother Teresa;love
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.;Judy Garland;love
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.;Ingrid Bergman;love
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.;Mother Teresa;love
A flower cannot blossom without sunshine, and man cannot live without love.;Max Muller;love
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.;A. A. Milne;love
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.;Albert Einstein;love
Love begins at home, and it is not how much we do... but how much love we put in that action.;Mother Teresa;love
Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war love is a growing up.;James A. Baldwin;love
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?;Richard Bach;love
A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea.;Honore de Balzac;love
A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him.;Brendan Francis;love
Love is a force more formidable than any other. It is invisible - it cannot be seen or measured, yet it is powerful enough to transform you in a moment, and offer you more joy than any material possession could.;Barbara de Angelis;love
Time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is eternity.;Henry Van Dyke;love
Do all things with love.;Og Mandino;love
A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years.;Rupert Brooke;love
Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones, as the wind extinguishes candles and fans fires.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;love
I was born with an enormous need for affection, and a terrible need to give it.;Audrey Hepburn;love
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.;Plato;love
Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another.;Thomas Merton;love
Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.;Lucille Ball;love
We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving.;Friedrich Nietzsche;love
Love is a better teacher than duty.;Albert Einstein;love
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.;Samuel Lover;love
Love is always bestowed as a gift - freely, willingly and without expectation. We don't love to be loved we love to love.;Leo Buscaglia;love
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop.;H. L. Mencken;love
If you press me to say why I loved him, I can say no more than because he was he, and I was I.;Michel de Montaigne;love
The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread.;Mother Teresa;love
Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life.;Leo Buscaglia;love
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.;Audrey Hepburn;love
What we have once enjoyed we can never lose. All that we love deeply becomes a part of us.;Helen Keller;love
As soon go kindle fire with snow, as seek to quench the fire of love with words.;William Shakespeare;love
Faith makes all things possible... love makes all things easy.;Dwight L. Moody;love
Friendship often ends in love but love in friendship - never.;Charles Caleb Colton;love
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love.;Stendhal;love
Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings infinite distances continue, a wonderful living side by side can grow, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it possible for each to see the other whole against the sky.;Rainer Maria Rilke;love
The best proof of love is trust.;Joyce Brothers;love
A part of kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve.;Joseph Joubert;love
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.;Loretta Young;love
I like not only to be loved, but also to be told I am loved.;George Eliot;love
We loved with a love that was more than love.;Edgar Allan Poe;love
A pair of powerful spectacles has sometimes sufficed to cure a person in love.;Friedrich Nietzsche;love
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.;Khalil Gibran;love
A loving heart is the truest wisdom.;Charles Dickens;love
All my life, my heart has yearned for a thing I cannot name.;Andre Breton;love
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves.;Victor Hugo;love
Love can sometimes be magic. But magic can sometimes... just be an illusion.;Javan;love
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity.;George Bernard Shaw;love
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place.;Zora Neale Hurston;love
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.;Oscar Wilde;love
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.;Robert Frost;love
I can live without money, but I cannot live without love.;Judy Garland;love
Love is the flower you've got to let grow.;John Lennon;love
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;love
The hours I spend with you I look upon as sort of a perfumed garden, a dim twilight, and a fountain singing to it. You and you alone make me feel that I am alive. Other men it is said have seen angels, but I have seen thee and thou art enough.;George Edward Moore;love
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time.;Julie Andrews;love
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.;William Shakespeare;love
'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.;Alfred Lord Tennyson;love
Someday, after mastering the winds, the waves, the tides and gravity, we shall harness for God the energies of love, and then, for a second time in the history of the world, man will have discovered fire.;Pierre Teilhard de Chardin;love
Everything is clearer when you're in love.;John Lennon;love
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;love
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.;Tom Robbins;love
I was about half in love with her by the time we sat down. That's the thing about girls. Every time they do something pretty... you fall half in love with them, and then you never know where the hell you are.;J. D. Salinger;love
Who, being loved, is poor?;Oscar Wilde;love
Love is a game that two can play and both win.;Eva Gabor;love
For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love.;Carl Sagan;love
The one thing we can never get enough of is love. And the one thing we never give enough is love.;Henry Miller;love
Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;love
The giving of love is an education in itself.;Eleanor Roosevelt;love
All mankind love a lover.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;love
You will find as you look back upon your life that the moments when you have truly lived are the moments when you have done things in the spirit of love.;Henry Drummond;love
If you wish to be loved, show more of your faults than your virtues.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;love
Don't brood. Get on with living and loving. You don't have forever.;Leo Buscaglia;love
The moment you have in your heart this extraordinary thing called love and feel the depth, the delight, the ecstasy of it, you will discover that for you the world is transformed.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;love
It is sad not to love, but it is much sadder not to be able to love.;Miguel de Unamuno;love
Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart and the senses.;Lao Tzu;love
The art of love is largely the art of persistence.;Albert Ellis;love
Love is a friendship set to music.;Joseph Campbell;love
There is no remedy for love but to love more.;Henry David Thoreau;love
If you want to be loved, be lovable.;Ovid;love
Love is the beauty of the soul.;Saint Augustine;love
Love possesses not nor will it be possessed, for love is sufficient unto love.;Khalil Gibran;love
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.;H. L. Mencken;love
To say 'I love you' one must first be able to say the 'I.';Ayn Rand;love
Before I met my husband, I'd never fallen in love. I'd stepped in it a few times.;Rita Rudner;love
If you would be loved, love, and be loveable.;Benjamin Franklin;love
Love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well.;Vincent Van Gogh;love
Love does not dominate it cultivates.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;love
Only do what your heart tells you.;Princess Diana;love
You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back.;Barbara de Angelis;love
Love... it surrounds every being and extends slowly to embrace all that shall be.;Khalil Gibran;love
Love is the joy of the good, the wonder of the wise, the amazement of the Gods.;Plato;love
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination.;Voltaire;love
It's useless to hold a person to anything he says while he's in love, drunk, or running for office.;Shirley MacLaine;love
Love is a gross exaggeration of the difference between one person and everybody else.;George Bernard Shaw;love
What love we've given, we'll have forever. What love we fail to give, will be lost for all eternity.;Leo Buscaglia;love
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.;Bertrand Russell;love
One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving.;Paulo Coelho;love
