There were times after my marriage ended where, you know, I really felt like I was at the bottom of a mountain, there was a great big, fog up there, and I'm never going to cross to the other side.;Lynn Redgrave;marriage
I don't want marriage. You know why? Because I did that. I did it for 32 years.;Lynn Redgrave;marriage
Marriage is the mother of the world. It preserves kingdoms, and fills cities and churches, and heaven itself.;Jeremy Taylor;marriage
I support gay marriage. I support gay marriage because I believe Conservatives support the institutions of commitment.;George Osborne;marriage
The value of marriage is not that adults produce children but that children produce adults.;Peter De Vries;marriage
It is statistically proven that the strongest institution that guarantees procreation and continuity of the generations is marriage between one man and one woman. We don't want genocide. We don't want to destroy the sacred institution of marriage.;Alveda King;marriage
People need jobs, people need happy and successful lives there should be marriage between one man and one woman, there should the value of person from conception until natural death.;Alveda King;marriage
I'm always told that what I say is controversial. Why is it controversial? Because I speak from a tradition that has now fallen out of favor with the dominant media in this country. And so when I say things like marriage should be between one man and one woman, I'm called a bigot.;Rick Santorum;marriage
Marriage can be expensive, and if I lose millions then it'll be the best millions I've spent.;Seth Rogen;marriage
I don't do marriage. I think it's incredibly naff. And I don't like vulgar displays of ostentation.;Jenny Eclair;marriage
The biggest problem in my life is trying to be the kind of man that I want to be, the father that I want to be, and how to process the failure of my marriage.;Ethan Hawke;marriage
The secret of a good marriage is forgiving your partner for marrying you in the first place.;Sacha Guitry;marriage
Marriage to Fernando offered shelter and security, but the shackle was the price I'd pay.;Esther Williams;marriage
I had a very wise person tell me that he thinks marriage, when you're younger, you keep thinking you can fix things. That's what people do. And you can't really fix anything. It shouldn't be a massive difficult thing every day. Life's difficult enough.;Albert Brooks;marriage
Same-sex marriage would eliminate entirely in law the basic idea of a mother and a father for every child. It would create a society which deliberately chooses to deprive a child of either a mother or a father.;Keith O'Brien;marriage
Marriage is too interesting an experiment to be tried only once.;Eva Gabor;marriage
I've often thought if I didn't make my marriage work, I would have failed at my one true shot at happiness.;Bethenny Frankel;marriage
You have to work for everything. Marriage should not be any different.;Bethenny Frankel;marriage
Marriage is something that needs to be worked on every day. I don't know if I'm the one to give marital advice since I've only been married for a little over a year, but marriage is certainly easier if you are open, trusting and loving.;Emily Blunt;marriage
Any sex outside of the marriage bond between a man and a woman is violating God's law.;Jerry Falwell;marriage
I think one reason for a successful marriage is laughter. I think laughter gets you through the rough moments in a marriage.;Bob Newhart;marriage
I was sent to a nice Church of England girls' school and at that time, after university, a woman was expected to become a teacher, a nurse or a missionary - prior to marriage.;Kate Adie;marriage
Well, you know, the definition of second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.;George Will;marriage
Seeing unhappiness in the marriage of friends, I was content to have chosen music and laughter as a substitute for a husband.;Elsa Maxwell;marriage
How do you explain the bond between man and wife? Well, for one thing, it's private. What people do in their own marriage is their own business.;Robin Gibb;marriage
My first marriage was totally unsuitable and shouldn't have happened. It was a whirlwind, rebound thing. I was 23 or 24 - a baby.;Carol Vorderman;marriage
Above all, we must have great respect for these people who also suffer and who want to find their own way of correct living. On the other hand, to create a legal form of a kind of homosexual marriage, in reality, does not help these people.;Joseph Ratzinger;marriage
I find it disturbing that the media keeps referring to my marriage, since I got divorced in 1979. But the media never wants to let me forget.;Bianca Jagger;marriage
My marriage had been impulsive. That marriage should have been short-lived instead of the 23 years it spanned.;Joseph Barbera;marriage
The Amateur Marriage grew out of the reflection that of all the opportunities to show differences in character, surely an unhappy marriage must be the richest.;Anne Tyler;marriage
Well, marriage doesn't function in the way it used to in terms of deciding our fate, but it's in our heads, and it determines a lot of our actions. Like, right now, if you think about gay marriage - and they just started having the first gay marriages in New York - it shows what a potent idea marriage remains for people.;Jeffrey Eugenides;marriage
My second marriage had a lot to do with alcohol.;Mercedes McCambridge;marriage
It is a fact that all women contribute more to marriage than men for the most part they have to change their place of living, their method of work, a great many women today changing their occupation entirely on marriage and they must even change their name.;Agnes Macphail;marriage
Do the bishops seriously imagine that legalising gay marriage will result in thousands of parties to heterosexual marriages suddenly deciding to get divorced so they can marry a person of the same sex?;Malcolm Turnbull;marriage
There is no greater excitement than to support an intellectual wife and have her support you. Marriage is a partnership in which each inspires the other, and brings fruition to both of you.;Millicent Carey McIntosh;marriage
A successful marriage isn't necessarily one that lasts until you're dead.;Ellen Barkin;marriage
I was very influenced by the musicals and romantic comedies of the 1930s. I admired Gene Harlow and such, which probably explains why, since the end of my marriage, I've dated nothing but a succession of blondes.;Hugh Hefner;marriage
I haven't been faithful to my wife. Our marriage has been tainted with my infidelities. I was irresponsible.;David Boreanaz;marriage
I should have been out there having a wild time like all the other girls my age, but I wasn't. I was going home every night to what was, initially, a very happy marriage.;Amanda Holden;marriage
How long before we have, not just homosexual marriage, but homosexual unions between adult men and small boys?;Randall Terry;marriage
Obviously, marriage is not a synonym for morality. But stable marriages and families do encourage moral behavior.;Gary Bauer;marriage
There is something wrong with our culture when the view that marriage is between one man and one woman, a view shared by half the nation, is portrayed as evidence of hatred.;Gary Bauer;marriage
If Republicans want to be seen as more compassionate, they should continue to stand proudly for the sanctify of life and marriage. And they should do so without apologizing.;Gary Bauer;marriage
Particularly black Americans, many of them, from quotes that I have seen and conversations I've had, are sort of insulted that the civil rights movement is being hijacked - the rhetoric of the civil rights movement is being hijacked for something like same sex marriage. Black Americans tend to have a higher degree of religiosity.;Gary Bauer;marriage
My argument is simple, which is, that for several thousand years in Western civilization, marriage has been the union of one man and one woman. Research is overwhelming that children need mothers and fathers.;Gary Bauer;marriage
If one is going to change the definition of marriage to be, quote, 'same sex,' then there is absolutely no valid argument constitutionally or rhetorically you can make against multiple people getting married. These are radical social changes.;Gary Bauer;marriage
Independence doesn't - doesn't equate to moderates. Millions of independents are pro-life. Millions of independents believe marriage is between a man and a woman.;Gary Bauer;marriage
I ran to my marriage, I was happily ready to take on marriage.;Mark Ruffalo;marriage
The weaker partner in a marriage is the one who loves the most.;Eleanora Duse;marriage
Marriage is like a formality for me.;David Copperfield;marriage
No, I think marriage is a great thing.;David Copperfield;marriage
I also think it was important for me and Freddie to be able to have a lot of time to share our lives at the beginning of our marriage rather than my coming home at 9 or 10 at night from the set. Things have really worked out for the best for both of us.;Sarah Michelle Gellar;marriage
Homosexuality is against nature. Sexual expression is permitted only within marriage, between man and woman, male and female. Anything else is an abnormality and is against nature.;Pope Shenouda III;marriage
I like being independent. I don't think that marriage means you're not independent, but right now I'm very comfortable, and I'm probably the happiest I've ever been. I feel solid. I feel safe.;Sandra Lee;marriage
I'm an activist for gay marriage equality and children's rights. I'm the face of Share Our Strength.;Sandra Lee;marriage
I know that the odds are against a marriage lasting 60 years.;Darrell Royal;marriage
My parents separated when I was four. It wasn't the smoothest of divorces, but then as my mother always says, you can't have a passionate marriage without a passionate divorce.;Sophie Ellis Bextor;marriage
In the 1960s we were fighting to be recognized as equals in the marketplace, in marriage, in education and on the playing field. It was a very exciting, rebellious time.;Marlo Thomas;marriage
She got the magazine on a Wednesday morning, and on Thursday announced our marriage was over.;David Gest;marriage
After 45 years of marriage, when I have an argument with my wife, if we don't agree, we do what she wants. But, when we agree, we do what I want!;Jacques Pepin;marriage
Even though marriage is doomed, if you turned it into a job you like and really work at it - it can be salvaged.;Al Goldstein;marriage
The only way marriage can work is if a man respects the woman and she is a thinking woman and he wants to work on the marriage.;Al Goldstein;marriage
Ultimately, I believe the only secret to a happy marriage is choosing the right person. Life is a series of choices, right?;Michelle Pfeiffer;marriage
I'm extremely fascinated by marriage. I want to study marriage. I want to learn about it. I want to know it. I want to figure out whether or not I want to do it. I'm not just going to leap into it, because that's not good for anybody.;Adam Levine;marriage
This is a good time to ask apologists for the Islamic regime, who degrades Islam? Who imposes stoning, forced marriage of underage girls and flogging for not wearing the veil? Do such practices represent Iran's ancient history and culture, its ethnic and religious diversity? Its centuries of sensual and subversive poetry?;Azar Nafisi;marriage
I love marriage. I failed at marriage, but I'd rather go into anything with gusto and fail than go into it half-assed.;Kirstie Alley;marriage
For the life of me, I don't understand what honest motive there is in putting this in front of this body to philosophically debate marriage on a constitutional amendment that is not going to happen, and which is enormously divisive in all of our communities.;Dianne Feinstein;marriage
What I've learned about marriage: You need to have each other's back you have to be a kind of team going through life.;Tom Petty;marriage
A marriage contract to me is as binding as any in business, and I have always believed in sticking to an agreement.;Paul Getty;marriage
I have never been given to envy - save for the envy I feel toward those people who have the ability to make a marriage work and endure happily.;Paul Getty;marriage
I do support a constitutional amendment on marriage between a man and a woman, but I would not be going into the states to overturn their state law.;Michele Bachmann;marriage
It's funny - I read that women look to chiseled-faced guys for one-night stands, and to round-faced guys for marriage. When I'm rounder in the face, I like to say, 'This is my long-term look.' Or 'This is my wife-and-kids look right here.';Garrett Hedlund;marriage
I'm not a marriage expert, quite clearly.;Cathy Freeman;marriage
You can't wake up one day and say 'I'm for gay marriage,' and wake up the next day and say 'I'm against it.' Wake up one day and say, 'I'm pro-choice,' and the next day wake up and say, 'I'm pro-life.' There's no credibility there.;Roger Stone;marriage
I don't know if I believe in marriage. I believe in family, love and children.;Penelope Cruz;marriage
I realize that of all people, I am no expert on parenting or marriage.;Mika Brzezinski;marriage
I suffered from a mild case of postpartum depression after my second child and the physical challenge of maintaining an overnight shift at CBS, a marriage, and two in diapers made the symptoms worse and everyone in the house paid the price.;Mika Brzezinski;marriage
Marriage of attraction is a gamble anyway, so you might as well marry into a family that is similar to your own, and make that much less of an adjustment. But the 'love marriage', as it is called, is equally common in India now. But it would be interesting to do a comparison of what would work better. Marriage is hard work, and it is a gamble.;Mira Nair;marriage
My older sister was at the cusp of new wave, and I had older brothers from my father's first marriage who were rock 'n' roll guys, so I was exposed to a lot of popular culture.;Paul Thomas Anderson;marriage
I'm a heathen when it comes to marriage.;Greta Scacchi;marriage
Since 1970, relationships can be more volatile, jobs more ephemeral, geographical mobility more intensified, stability of marriage weaker.;Mary Douglas;marriage
I still believe in marriage.;Frank Bruno;marriage
If someone talks about union, fidelity, a monogamous relationship, love, blessing I would say it sounds like marriage to me. And blessing, you see, I think is undermining our sacrament of marriage.;George Carey;marriage
It is better to be unhappy in love than unhappy in marriage, but some people manage to be both.;Guy de Maupassant;marriage
Marriage, laws, the police, armies and navies are the mark of human incompetence.;Dora Russell;marriage
My first marriage was very traditional, in the church, and then we left the church and went to the reception hall. So this time, I'd like to go fairy tale all the way.;NeNe Leakes;marriage
My parents had a great marriage. Interestingly, it made it harder for me in relationships because I knew what a good relationship looked like.;Candace Bushnell;marriage
I refused David Letterman's proposal of marriage for obvious reasons, but thanks for asking.;Teri Garr;marriage
Who of us is mature enough for offspring before the offspring themselves arrive? The value of marriage is not that adults produce children but that children produce adults.;Peter De Vries;marriage
I am hoping this is my year to have children. I understand that I am possibly more European in my views of marriage. I am not going to say I'm not going to get married, but it's not my priority.;Emily Procter;marriage
My mom and my dad were married 56 years, and the fact that I reconciled with my dad I think made their marriage a little bit better as well.;Larry Elder;marriage
Love is not weakness. It is strong. Only the sacrament of marriage can contain it.;Boris Pasternak;marriage
I believe I went through a divorce. My relationship with Ellen is no less significant as a marriage than my relationship to Coley.;Anne Heche;marriage
Isn't that the ultimate homeland security, standing up and defending marriage?;Rick Santorum;marriage
Every society in the history of man has upheld the institution of marriage as a bond between a man and a woman. Why? Because society is based on one thing: that society is based on the future of the society. And that's what? Children. Monogamous relationships.;Rick Santorum;marriage
The Obama administration now has regulations that tells them that they can no longer promote marriage to these young girls. They can no longer promote marriage as a way of avoiding poverty and bad choices that they make in their life. They can no longer even teach abstinence education. They have to be neutral with respect to how people behave.;Rick Santorum;marriage
You know for many elected officials they all started in the same place. You know marriage is between a man and a woman, but they understand that they are moving inevitably, catching up to the American public.;James McGreevey;marriage
Civil union is less than marriage. Marriage is a sacred and valued institution and ought to be afforded equal protection.;James McGreevey;marriage
My parents' marriage was very rocky. They were always arguing. When they split up when I was in my 20s, my brother and I were both delighted because we knew they weren't good for each other.;Gail Porter;marriage
