I'm so wrapped up in my work that it's often impossible to consider other things in my life. My marriage ended in divorce because of this, my relationship with Holly has suffered by this.;Jim Carrey;relationship
I've always been spiritual but I've never had a proper context, and it took me awhile to find the proper context. It's hard to realize you can have any kind of relationship with God you want... and so I now have a punk rock relationship with God.;Billy Corgan;relationship
It's interesting that I had such a close relationship with my grandfather. Because your parents always judge you: they say, 'You shouldn't do this, you shouldn't do that.' But with your grandparents you have a feeling that you can say anything or you can do anything, and they will support you. That's why you have this kind of connection.;Novak Djokovic;relationship
When people hold you in high esteem, it's very delicate relationship. When they meet you they're putting all their chips up. It's make or break.;Henry Rollins;relationship
I could see myself in a relationship with a girl Olivia Wilde is so sexy she makes me want to strangle a mountain ox with my bare hands. She's mesmerizing.;Megan Fox;relationship
If one could be friendly with women, what a pleasure - the relationship so secret and private compared with relations with men. Why not write about it truthfully?;Virginia Woolf;relationship
Children are our second chance to have a great parent-child relationship.;Laura Schlessinger;relationship
As soon as I got out there I felt a strange relationship with the pitcher's mound. It was as if I'd been born out there. Pitching just felt like the most natural thing in the world. Striking out batters was easy.;Babe Ruth;relationship
But with Christ, we have access in a one-to-one relationship, for, as in the Old Testament, it was more one of worship and awe, a vertical relationship. The New Testament, on the other hand, we look across at a Jesus who looks familiar, horizontal. The combination is what makes the Cross.;Bono;relationship
It's important to take time for your spouse and nurture the relationship.;Christina Aguilera;relationship
Sexuality is a big issue, but there are others - how much you commit to a relationship, to social obligation, to honesty and being honest with yourself.;Ang Lee;relationship
Justice is never given it is exacted and the struggle must be continuous for freedom is never a final fact, but a continuing evolving process to higher and higher levels of human, social, economic, political and religious relationship.;A. Philip Randolph;relationship
Every single major push in education has made it worse and right now it's really bad because everything we've done is de-humanizing education. It's destroying the possibility of the teacher and the student having a warm, friendly, intellectual relationship.;William Glasser;relationship
Folks, the most insidious part of this whole health care scheme is that all of these vast medical expenditures will become nothing more than government budget items. We individuals will no longer exist. The relationship between a government and citizen will change forever.;Rush Limbaugh;relationship
American and Israel share a special bond. Our relationship is unique among all nations. Like America, Israel is a strong democracy, a symbol of freedom, and an oasis of liberty, a home to the oppressed and persecuted.;William J. Clinton;relationship
Political promises are much like marriage vows. They are made at the beginning of the relationship between candidate and voter, but are quickly forgotten.;Dick Gregory;relationship
We have a strange and wonderful relationship - he's strange and I'm wonderful.;Mike Ditka;relationship
There is but one way for a president to deal with Congress, and that is continuously, incessantly, and without interruption. If it is really going to work, the relationship has got to be almost incestuous.;Lyndon B. Johnson;relationship
I definitely think anything I'd be in now is a permanent relationship.;Kim Kardashian;relationship
There was at time in my life where all I wanted was a relationship, and I thought that was the most important thing.;Kim Kardashian;relationship
Christians were instructed to serve others, and the thanksgiving was for the grace of God and the fact that God offered a way for man to return to a positive relationship with Him.;John Clayton;relationship
I love my parents. Coming out to them was sort of coming out to myself. I educated them, and I wanted our relationship to keep growing. I wanted them to be a part of my life still. I wanted to be able to share with them what I was going through.;Randy Harrison;relationship
Being grown up and in a serious relationship, I've learned so much. I'm happier than I've every been.;Paris Hilton;relationship
When families are strong and stable, so are children - showing higher levels of wellbeing and more positive outcomes. But when things go wrong - either through family breakdown or a damaged parental relationship - the impact on a child's later life can be devastating.;Iain Duncan Smith;relationship
The real issue is not talent as an independent element, but talent in relationship to will, desire, and persistence. Talent without these things vanishes and even modest talent with those characteristics grows.;Milton Glaser;relationship
Opposites may attract, but I wouldn't put my money on a relationship of financial opposites.;Suze Orman;relationship
It is easy for Christians to have the false impression that once we have established a relationship with Christ, which we believe sets us right with God, the problems of life will somehow scoot away or they will slowly be removed from our lives.;Charles R. Swindoll;relationship
In a few decades, the relationship between the environment, resources and conflict may seem almost as obvious as the connection we see today between human rights, democracy and peace.;Wangari Maathai;relationship
I think a good relationship is about collaboration.;Jennifer Aniston;relationship
And it was a very, very fruitful and great relationship between the Stones and The Beatles. It was very, very friendly.;Keith Richards;relationship
The relationship to one's fellow man is the relationship of prayer, the relationship to oneself is the relationship of striving it is from prayer that one draws the strength for one's striving.;Franz Kafka;relationship
In the grip of a neurological disorder, I am fast losing control of words even as my relationship with the world has been reduced to them.;Christopher Hitchens;relationship
There is a physical relationship with a woman that you don't have with anybody else, but that's not about love. Love is a spiritual thing.;Ziggy Marley;relationship
To talk about a relationship trivializes something that's nobody's business.;Jennifer Aniston;relationship
OK, in all seriousness, I would say I couldn't be in a relationship without equality, generosity, integrity, spirit, kindness and humor. And awesomeness.;Jennifer Aniston;relationship
I think in friendship, you want to be there for your friend, and sometimes you just don't know what to do or the relationship you have with them is not clear enough for you to know what to do.;Marion Cotillard;relationship
You've got to be ready to be in a great relationship.;Billy Corgan;relationship
Any time you end a relationship, and everyone has ended plenty in their life, it's always a tough thing and hard to get over.;Adam Brody;relationship
I'm afraid the SS's relationship with the Catholic Church is something the Church still has to deal with and does not deny.;Christopher Hitchens;relationship
If you change partners every time it gets tough or you get a little dissatisfied, then I don't think you get the richness that's available in a long-term relationship.;Jeff Bridges;relationship
Trauma happens in relationships, so it can only be healed in relationships. Art can't provide healing. It can be cathartic and therapeutic but a relationship is a three-part journey.;Alanis Morissette;relationship
So the American government lied to the Native Americans for many, many years, and then President Clinton lied about a relationship, and everyone was surprised! A little naive, I feel!;Eddie Izzard;relationship
Until we have a better relationship between private performance and the public truth, as was demonstrated with Watergate, we as the public are absolutely right to remain suspicious, contemptuous even, of the secrecy and the misinformation which is the digest of our news.;John le Carre;relationship
No partner in a love relationship... should feel that he has to give up an essential part of himself to make it viable.;May Sarton;relationship
Back then I didn't think a woman like that, or a relationship like that, could exist with complete freedom and no jealousy or possessiveness. I thought it sounded too good to be true and I was certainly convinced it wasn't the life for me!;Sylvia Kristel;relationship
Technology is such a broad kind of term, it really applies to so many things, from the electric light to running cars on oil. All of these different things can be called technology. I have kind of a love-hate relationship with it, as I expect most people do. With the computer, I spend so many hours sitting in front of a computer.;Jeff Bridges;relationship
While I don't often use the word, the technically precise term for my orientation is bisexual. I believe bisexuality is not a choice, it is a fact. What I have 'chosen' is to be in a gay relationship.;Cynthia Nixon;relationship
I love coming home to somebody, I love being in a relationship.;Daniel Radcliffe;relationship
I think when you're in a relationship where you really care for the other person, when they achieve their dreams it's better than when you do yourself.;Nicole Kidman;relationship
What surprises me most about God is that the creator of the universe should want a relationship with me.;Rick Warren;relationship
The cinema began with a passionate, physical relationship between celluloid and the artists and craftsmen and technicians who handled it, manipulated it, and came to know it the way a lover comes to know every inch of the body of the beloved. No matter where the cinema goes, we cannot afford to lose sight of its beginnings.;Martin Scorsese;relationship
And so I look at it as a relationship that I have with him that I want to give him the honor and glory anytime I have the opportunity. And then right after I give him the honor and glory, I always try to give my teammates the honor and glory. And that's how it works because Christ comes first in my life, and then my family, and then my teammates.;Tim Tebow;relationship
I can see how a relationship with a writer would be an easy thing.;Jeff Bridges;relationship
When I'm working, I'm very purposeful and everything else gets out of focus. Something I've had to work on together with my wife is how to acknowledge each other in the midst of this and keep the relationship going.;Jeff Bridges;relationship
The test of one's behavior pattern is their relationship to society, relationship to work and relationship to sex.;Alfred Adler;relationship
As you get older you have more respect and empathy for your parents. Now I have a great relationship with both of them.;Hugh Jackman;relationship
I have a strange relationship with time. I'm not aware of it passing.;Daniel Day-Lewis;relationship
You have to support your children to have a healthy relationship.;Connie Sellecca;relationship
Every relationship between two individuals or two groups will be characterized by the ratio of secrecy that is involved in it.;Georg Simmel;relationship
I am so excited to let fans in on how important my relationship with my family is to me. I hope to motivate mothers and daughters to build lifetimes of memories together and inspire kids around the world to live their dreams.;Miley Cyrus;relationship
I don't have a bad relationship. I'm 48 years old. I think life is too short for that. To me, life is... you open the shutters, you see the dogs outside, you look left, you look right, in, what, a second and a half? And that's a life.;Jean Claude Van Damme;relationship
The most important thing for me is having a relationship with God. To know that the owner, the creator of the universe loves you, sent His Son to die for your sins that's very empowering. Knowing Him and knowing that He loves me gives me encouragement and confidence to move forward.;Benjamin Carson;relationship
I don't care what people say about my relationship I don't care what they say about my boobs. People are buying my songs I have a sold-out tour. I'm getting incredible feedback from my music.;Katy Perry;relationship
Have you ever loved somebody, loved her completely, but had to end the relationship for life reasons?;John Mayer;relationship
A lot of what I'm obsessed with is the relationship and the dynamics between people and the family, particularly brothers and their father.;Martin Scorsese;relationship
I feel so lucky to have both a son and a daughter, because there's a different relationship with each of them.;Hugh Jackman;relationship
There's only so far you can take a relationship before you got to get into things that are too serious or over the top. I'm 20 years old. I was in a relationship with a girl I love for three years. Where do you go after three years? Then you've got to start thinking about other things, and I'm too young to think about those things.;Shia LaBeouf;relationship
A relationship to me is never about the romance.;Shia LaBeouf;relationship
There's only so far you can take a relationship before you got to get into things that are too serious or over the top.;Shia LaBeouf;relationship
The relationship of the toastmaster to speaker should be the same as that of the fan to the fan dancer. It should call attention to the subject without making any particular effort to cover it.;Adlai E. Stevenson;relationship
I have a great relationship with my mother-in-law. We're both Leos, we understand each other.;Tori Amos;relationship
When I play live, it's a conversation that we're all having with the song, and the audience... their response and relationship with the songs is as valid as my relationship with the songs.;Tori Amos;relationship
To understand how any society functions you must understand the relationship between the men and the women.;Angela Davis;relationship
I always believed in God and Christ, but I was in rebellion - trying to make my relationship with God fit into my life instead of making my life fit in with him. I was stubborn.;Scott Stapp;relationship
It's a great relationship when you can work with the person who you consider to be your soul mate.;Rick Derringer;relationship
I have absolutely no empathy for camels. I didn't care for being abused in the Middle East by those horrible, horrible, horrible creatures. They don't like people. It's not at all like the relationship between horses and humans.;Rachel Weisz;relationship
When you think about it, we actors are kind of prostitutes. We get paid to feign attraction and love. Other people are paying to watch us kissing someone, touching someone, doing things people in a normal monogamous relationship would never do with anyone who's not their partner. It's really kind of gross.;Megan Fox;relationship
I feel like the people from Iceland have a different relationship with their country than other places. Most Icelandic people are really proud to be from there, and we don't have embarrassments like World War II where we were cruel to other people.;Bjork;relationship
The family only represents one aspect, however important an aspect, of a human being's functions and activities. A life is beautiful and ideal or the reverse, only when we have taken into our consideration the social as well as the family relationship.;Havelock Ellis;relationship
Using no control and using humor will build a relationship and make a dent to where the client puts the counselor in their quality world and then begins to relate and seek out the counselor. Effective therapy begins with the acceptance of the therapist into the client's quality world.;William Glasser;relationship
I spend a great deal of time with the President. We have a very close, personal, loyal relationship. I'm not, as they say, a potted plant in these meetings.;Dan Quayle;relationship
I was in California when this journalist made a blanket statement about the fact that she did not think that black men and women had the kind of love relationship that Rebecca and Nathan had in Sounder.;Cicely Tyson;relationship
Every relationship is just so tenuous and precarious.;Larry David;relationship
I would say 90 percent of Christians do not have a worldview, in other words a view of the world, based on the Scripture and a relationship with God.;Josh McDowell;relationship
I think I have a strange relationship with time. I'm not really aware of that time passing. I don't feel that I'm wasteful with time. But I'm not aware of it passing.;Daniel Day-Lewis;relationship
And I think if you look at any relationship, for the relationship to be productive and to move forward and to grow, sometimes things have to be said that one person or the other person is not going to like to hear.;Ricky Williams;relationship
Films have never shown the kind of relationship that can exist between two women.;Brigitte Bardot;relationship
I had a very, very difficult relationship with my mother, who was supremely self-centred. She was hilariously self-centred. She did not really take interest in anything that didn't immediately affect her.;John Cleese;relationship
The African American's relationship to Africa has long been ambivalent, at least since the early nineteenth century, when 3,000 black men crowded into Bishop Richard Allen's African Methodist Episcopal Church in Philadelphia to protest noisily a plan to recolonize free blacks in Africa.;Henry Louis Gates;relationship
I think anybody who has had a long relationship and has had a really hard time letting go, wants to feel like it's not all for naught, and it's meaningful, because it makes you who you are.;Rashida Jones;relationship
I know children regress after vaccination because it happened to my own son. Why aren't there any tests out there on the safety of how vaccines are administered in the real world, six at a time? Why have only two of the 36 shots our kids receive been looked at for their relationship to autism?;Jenny McCarthy;relationship
The relationships that people have - that are sexual, psychological, emotional - these relationships are not open to supervision by parents, schools, churches, or government. Nobody has any right to intervene at all in any kind of relationship like that.;Madalyn Murray O'Hair;relationship
I think the fact that I'm so well known to be gay makes it very difficult to have a convincing relationship with a woman on screen. It wouldn't be at all difficult for me to kiss a woman - I'll kiss a frog if you like.;Stephen Fry;relationship
The mark of a good marriage is partnership and continuing to feel inspired by your spouse. I had that with Tao. But the end is not necessarily the tragedy. Staying in a relationship that is no longer working is the tragedy. Living unhappily - that's the tragedy.;Olivia Wilde;relationship
There are absolutely no problems between me, my dad and my sister. Obviously I grew up with just my mum, but my relationship with my dad is just fine.;Norah Jones;relationship
When a mother quarrels with a daughter, she has a double dose of unhappiness hers from the conflict, and empathy with her daughter's from the conflict with her. Throughout her life a mother retains this special need to maintain a good relationship with her daughter.;Terri Apter;relationship
I've never been Romeo who meets a girl and falls for her immediately. It's been a much slower process for me each time I've gone into a relationship.;Leonardo DiCaprio;relationship
Yeah, we pretty much had a form and a shape by that time - a style - and I think one of the advantages of not having any relationship to any other puppeteer was that it gave me a reason to put those together myself for the needs of television.;Jim Henson;relationship
I think the most important thing in life is self-love, because if you don't have self-love, and respect for everything about your own body, your own soul, your own capsule, then how can you have an authentic relationship with anyone else?;Shailene Woodley;relationship
