I dream of an Africa which is in peace with itself.;Nelson Mandela;peace
Those who are at war with others are not at peace with themselves.;William Hazlitt;peace
I can promise you that women working together - linked, informed and educated - can bring peace and prosperity to this forsaken planet.;Isabel Allende;peace
Every goal, every action, every thought, every feeling one experiences, whether it be consciously or unconsciously known, is an attempt to increase one's level of peace of mind.;Sydney Madwed;peace
Peace is not only better than war, but infinitely more arduous.;George Bernard Shaw;peace
You cannot find peace by avoiding life.;Virginia Woolf;peace
You will find peace not by trying to escape your problems, but by confronting them courageously. You will find peace not in denial, but in victory.;J. Donald Walters;peace
One does not need buildings, money, power, or status to practice the Art of Peace. Heaven is right where you are standing, and that is the place to train.;Morihei Ueshiba;peace
War will never cease until babies begin to come into the world with larger cerebrums and smaller adrenal glands.;H. L. Mencken;peace
If they want peace, nations should avoid the pin-pricks that precede cannon shots.;Napoleon Bonaparte;peace
Peace is not an absence of war, it is a virtue, a state of mind, a disposition for benevolence, confidence, justice.;Baruch Spinoza;peace
It is madness for sheep to talk peace with a wolf.;Thomas Fuller;peace
I think it's naive to pray for world peace if we're not going to change the form in which we live.;Godfrey Reggio;peace
Peace and justice are two sides of the same coin.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;peace
It is easier to lead men to combat, stirring up their passion, than to restrain them and direct them toward the patient labors of peace.;Andre Gide;peace
Peace is liberty in tranquillity.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;peace
The pursuit of peace and progress cannot end in a few years in either victory or defeat. The pursuit of peace and progress, with its trials and its errors, its successes and its setbacks, can never be relaxed and never abandoned.;Dag Hammarskjold;peace
The simplification of life is one of the steps to inner peace. A persistent simplification will create an inner and outer well-being that places harmony in one's life.;Peace Pilgrim;peace
Complete peace equally reigns between two mental waves.;Swami Sivananda;peace
For behind all imperialism is ultimately the imperialistic individual, just as behind all peace is ultimately the peaceful individual.;Irving Babbitt;peace
To attain inner peace you must actually give your life, not just your possessions. When you at last give your life - bringing into alignment your beliefs and the way you live then, and only then, can you begin to find inner peace.;Peace Pilgrim;peace
Peace is rarely denied to the peaceful.;Friedrich Schiller;peace
People always make war when they say they love peace.;David Herbert Lawrence;peace
The forces that are driving mankind toward unity and peace are deep-seated and powerful. They are material and natural, as well as moral and intellectual.;Arthur Henderson;peace
I don't know whether war is an interlude during peace, or peace an interlude during war.;Georges Clemenceau;peace
It has become impossible to give up the enterprise of disarmament without abandoning the whole great adventure of building up a collective peace system.;Arthur Henderson;peace
Peace hath higher tests of manhood, than battle ever knew.;John Greenleaf Whittier;peace
Yes, we love peace, but we are not willing to take wounds for it, as we are for war.;John Andrew Holmes;peace
The quest for peace begins in the home, in the school and in the workplace.;Silvia Cartwright;peace
I happen to dig being able to use whatever mystique I have to further the idea of peace.;Garrett Morris;peace
The only important thing I have to say is that my father never fought against his country.;Zinedine Zidane;peace
I declare that I will establish peace in this world.;Prem Rawat;peace
Of one thing I am certain, the body is not the measure of healing, peace is the measure.;Phyllis McGinley;peace
Peace is the first thing the angels sang.;John Keble;peace
Peace is when time doesn't matter as it passes by.;Maria Schell;peace
You don't have to have fought in a war to love peace.;Geraldine Ferraro;peace
The business of peace requires more than showing up with paint brushes, foodstuffs and an oil pipeline or two.;Tony Snow;peace
This enemy of peace in the world today is unlike any we have seen in the past, and our military is learning from, and building on, previous successes while carrying peace and freedom into the future.;Mark Kennedy;peace
Power to the peaceful!;Michael Franti;peace
The Dove, on silver pinions, winged her peaceful way.;James Montgomery;peace
One is called to live nonviolently, even if the change one works for seems impossible.;Daniel Berrigan;peace
Peace has to be created, in order to be maintained. It will never be achieved by passivity and quietism.;Dorothy Thompson;peace
We want to take good tidings home to our people, that they may sleep in peace.;Black Kettle;peace
One cannot subdue a man by holding back his hands. Lasting peace comes not from force.;David Borenstein;peace
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him.;Buddha;peace
Christmas is not a time nor a season, but a state of mind. To cherish peace and goodwill, to be plenteous in mercy, is to have the real spirit of Christmas.;Calvin Coolidge;peace
If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace.;Thomas Paine;peace
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.;Buddha;peace
Peace cannot be kept by force it can only be achieved by understanding.;Albert Einstein;peace
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.;Buddha;peace
I am not only a pacifist but a militant pacifist. I am willing to fight for peace. Nothing will end war unless the people themselves refuse to go to war.;Albert Einstein;peace
God cannot give us a happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there. There is no such thing.;C. S. Lewis;peace
The greatest destroyer of peace is abortion because if a mother can kill her own child, what is left for me to kill you and you to kill me? There is nothing between.;Mother Teresa;peace
The hope of a secure and livable world lies with disciplined nonconformists who are dedicated to justice, peace and brotherhood.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;peace
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;peace
Let us more and more insist on raising funds of love, of kindness, of understanding, of peace. Money will come if we seek first the Kingdom of God - the rest will be given.;Mother Teresa;peace
We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves.;Dalai Lama;peace
Peace is not merely a distant goal that we seek, but a means by which we arrive at that goal.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;peace
We must concentrate not merely on the negative expulsion of war but the postive affirmation of peace.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;peace
It is not enough to say we must not wage war. It is necessary to love peace and sacrifice for it.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;peace
Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace.;Dalai Lama;peace
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.;Buddha;peace
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.;Buddha;peace
Avoid popularity if you would have peace.;Abraham Lincoln;peace
If someone thinks that love and peace is a cliche that must have been left behind in the Sixties, that's his problem. Love and peace are eternal.;John Lennon;peace
Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man.;Benjamin Franklin;peace
A mind at peace, a mind centered and not focused on harming others, is stronger than any physical force in the universe.;Wayne Dyer;peace
If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there'd be peace.;John Lennon;peace
Each one has to find his peace from within. And peace to be real must be unaffected by outside circumstances.;Mahatma Gandhi;peace
If you die you're completely happy and your soul somewhere lives on. I'm not afraid of dying. Total peace after death, becoming someone else is the best hope I've got.;Kurt Cobain;peace
Those who can win a war well can rarely make a good peace and those who could make a good peace would never have won the war.;Winston Churchill;peace
If we are to teach real peace in this world, and if we are to carry on a real war against war, we shall have to begin with the children.;Mahatma Gandhi;peace
The game is my wife. It demands loyalty and responsibility, and it gives me back fulfillment and peace.;Michael Jordan;peace
The game of basketball has been everything to me. My place of refuge, place I've always gone where I needed comfort and peace. It's been the site of intense pain and the most intense feelings of joy and satisfaction. It's a relationship that has evolved over time, given me the greatest respect and love for the game.;Michael Jordan;peace
I do not want the peace which passeth understanding, I want the understanding which bringeth peace.;Helen Keller;peace
Peace, commerce and honest friendship with all nations entangling alliances with none.;Thomas Jefferson;peace
Forgiveness is not always easy. At times, it feels more painful than the wound we suffered, to forgive the one that inflicted it. And yet, there is no peace without forgiveness.;Marianne Williamson;peace
I'm not claiming divinity. I've never claimed purity of soul. I've never claimed to have the answers to life. I only put out songs and answer questions as honestly as I can... But I still believe in peace, love and understanding.;John Lennon;peace
Peace and abstinence from European interferences are our objects, and so will continue while the present order of things in America remain uninterrupted.;Thomas Jefferson;peace
If we desire to avoid insult, we must be able to repel it if we desire to secure peace, one of the most powerful instruments of our rising prosperity, it must be known, that we are at all times ready for War.;George Washington;peace
All we are saying is give peace a chance.;John Lennon;peace
Peace is a daily, a weekly, a monthly process, gradually changing opinions, slowly eroding old barriers, quietly building new structures.;John F. Kennedy;peace
Our peace shall stand as firm as rocky mountains.;William Shakespeare;peace
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming.;John Wooden;peace
Peace is not absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means.;Ronald Reagan;peace
It is a curious sensation: the sort of pain that goes mercifully beyond our powers of feeling. When your heart is broken, your boats are burned: nothing matters any more. It is the end of happiness and the beginning of peace.;George Bernard Shaw;peace
I call upon the scientific community in our country, those who gave us nuclear weapons, to turn their great talents now to the cause of mankind and world peace: to give us the means of rendering these nuclear weapons impotent and obsolete.;Ronald Reagan;peace
Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans - born in this century, tempered by war, disciplined by a hard and bitter peace.;John F. Kennedy;peace
The world knows that America will never start a war. This generation of Americans has had enough of war and hate... we want to build a world of peace where the weak are secure and the strong are just.;John F. Kennedy;peace
Is life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death!;Patrick Henry;peace
When you can whip any man in the world, you never know peace.;Muhammad Ali;peace
There was never a good war, or a bad peace.;Benjamin Franklin;peace
A man is relieved and gay when he has put his heart into his work and done his best but what he has said or done otherwise shall give him no peace.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;peace
Mother's love is peace. It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved.;Erich Fromm;peace
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.;George Orwell;peace
You either get tired fighting for peace, or you die.;John Lennon;peace
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace.;Victor Hugo;peace
When you make your peace with authority, you become authority.;Jim Morrison;peace
Observe good faith and justice toward all nations. Cultivate peace and harmony with all.;George Washington;peace
