I do think that, at one time, being an actress was the equivalent almost of being a prostitute. It garnered roughly the same respect. That's changed a lot, thank goodness.;Michelle Pfeiffer;respect
I have a strong emotional respect for Steve.;Walter Isaacson;respect
Teachers have the hardest and most important jobs in America. They're building our nation. And we should appreciate them, respect them, and pay them well.;Jim Hunt;respect
You can't tell your kids to read if you're just watching television. They have to see you read. And in that respect, I think it's important to walk the walk. It's a wonderful shared time.;Gary Ross;respect
My focus is always on the day. What I've done behind me, I try to have respect for it, and keep an eye on it, and make sure it isn't abused, and obviously be thoughtful about it, because it's all real to me. I'm basically in every band I ever was in, and the songs, I still mean them all.;Ian MacKaye;respect
I think Europeans have enough tradition and respect for the experience and body of work of an actress that they don't sell out to the new ones.;Kathleen Turner;respect
I'm not an American but I have always had the outsiders' respect for the American people and the American way.;Christiane Amanpour;respect
If we have no respect for our viewers, then how can we have any respect for ourselves and what we do?;Christiane Amanpour;respect
I leave CNN with the utmost respect, love and admiration for the company and everyone who works here. This has been my family and shared endeavor for the past 27 years, and I am forever grateful and proud of all that we have accomplished.;Christiane Amanpour;respect
I respect the president. He and I have a difference of opinion on how to help the country we both love. But the question each of us wants the voters to answer is who will be the better president, not who is the better American.;Jon Huntsman, Jr.;respect
New York gave me hell for that 'Purple Swag,' man. They didn't respect me until 'Peso.';ASAP Rocky;respect
I'm getting my respect as a video director. The fashion industry respects me and knows who I am.;ASAP Rocky;respect
I'm not religious, but I believe that what I have is a gift, and I respect it and live up to it.;Sugar Ray Leonard;respect
The respect for human rights, essential if we are to use technology wisely, is not something alien that must be grafted onto science. On the contrary, it is integral to science, as also to scholarship in general.;John Charles Polanyi;respect
The territorial state is such an ancient form of society - here in Europe it dates back thousands of years - that it is now protected by the sanctity of age and the glory of tradition. A strong religious feeling mingles with the respect and the devotion to the fatherland.;Christian Lous Lange;respect
Internationalism is a community theory of society which is founded on economic, spiritual, and biological facts. It maintains that respect for a healthy development of human society and of world civilization requires that mankind be organized internationally.;Christian Lous Lange;respect
I loved fairy tales when I was a kid. Grimm. The grimmer the better. I loved gruesome gothic tales and, in that respect, I liked Bible stories, because to me they were very gothic.;Amy Tan;respect
It goes without saying that the desire to accomplish the task with more confidence, to avoid wasting time and labour, and to spare our experimental animals as much as possible, made us strictly observe all the precautions taken by surgeons in respect to their patients.;Ivan Pavlov;respect
Love is about mutual respect, apart from attraction.;George Best;respect
Since turning professional at 18, I have travelled the world playing the game that I love and consider myself a global player. As the World No.1 right now, I wish to be a positive role model and a sportsperson that people respect, and enjoy watching.;Rory McIlroy;respect
The respect for human rights is nowadays not so much a matter of having international standards, but rather questions of compliance with those standards.;Michelle Bachelet;respect
Writing fiction has developed in me an abiding respect for the unknown in a human lifetime and a sense of where to look for the threads, how to follow, how to connect, find in the thick of the tangle what clear line persists.;Eudora Welty;respect
When I speak of 'cycles,' I am referring to lengthy intervals of relative homogeneity, if not in the resolving of problems, than at least with respect to the consistency of their capacity to productively irritate.;Brian Ferneyhough;respect
With respect to the respective French and German traditions you are no doubt correct, although I am reluctant to see individual achievement reduced to archetypes.;Brian Ferneyhough;respect
Civilization is built on a number of ultimate principles... respect for human life, the punishment of crimes against property and persons, the equality of all good citizens before the law... or, in a word justice.;Max Nordau;respect
I have the most profound respect for the Department of Justice and the FTC. We in Europe are a younger and I would say junior institution to the historical antitrust experience of the US.;Mario Monti;respect
My friendships and relationships in the conservative world are not predicated on political correctness and enforced conformity of thought. They are based, instead, on mutual respect, honesty and understanding - concepts many modern liberals should consider revisiting.;Tammy Bruce;respect
We have to unclutter our brains from worries that maybe people don't like us. Women tend to worry about popularity it doesn't matter if they like you. They need to respect you. They need to show that respect for you in your pay check. And that needs to be okay.;Mika Brzezinski;respect
I'm definitely bicoastal, but I have to say, it's easier to live in New York than in L.A. I feel like people respect other people's space a bit more here.;Mary-Kate Olsen;respect
Being identified as a poet in France or Denmark or India one is greeted with gracious respect.;James Broughton;respect
Shooting a film is like a kismet quest. You have thirty days and you need magic to happen. So that's why I wear suits. I'm praying to the gods, and I'm doing everything I can to respect the powers of the world.;Mike Mills;respect
My team and I have reunited two elements that coexist with difficulty: respect and affection, because when they love you they don't respect you and when they respect you they don't love you.;Shakira;respect
Well, I had an immense respect for Cirque du Soleil when I first say them in the '80s on a television show and just thought, you know, this group is really reinventing the circus, as you know. Because there wasn't three rings. There were no animals.;Criss Angel;respect
Those people behind the mosque have to respect, have to appreciate and have to defer to the people of New York. The wound is still there. Just because the wound is healing you can't say, 'Let's just go back to where we were pre-9/11.;Al-Waleed bin Talal;respect
You have to respect your audience. Without them, you're essentially standing alone, singing to yourself.;K. D. Lang;respect
My government, you can be assured, will be less focused on personalities. It is about treating people with respect. I think complaining about the community not being able to see the wisdom of our ideas is the wrong approach.;Jay Weatherill;respect
People have to be educated and they have to stick to it. If people lose that respect, an awful lot is lost.;Stephen Breyer;respect
Not only did I come out as a reality star that was very boisterous and vivacious and outspoken and all those things. I flipped that into money and respect. And a lot of people can't do that.;NeNe Leakes;respect
The language of America changed with the election of Bill Clinton, because with all due respect to my friends on the Republican side, Bill Clinton is the best communicator of the last 50 years. He felt your pain.;Frank Luntz;respect
I was always fascinated by engineering. Maybe it was an attempt maybe to get my father's respect or interest, or maybe it was just a genetic love of technology, but I was always trying to build things.;James Cameron;respect
As a chef, you need to respect your guests and their needs. If they decide that they want to eat certain things and not eat others, if for religious reasons or just decide they don't want to eat certain ingredients, you have to respect that.;Joel Robuchon;respect
I was brought up the Mexican way, where actors are paid very little and every part you take is an act of faith. If people respect that, then great.;Gael Garcia Bernal;respect
House music is about love, and lots of hip hop is about hate and intolerance, so in that respect, it's not good at all.;Chris Lowe;respect
Every color I can think of and nationality, we were all touched by Dr. King because he made us like each other and respect each other.;Lena Horne;respect
I always watched movies and rooted for the bad guys, you know? I've always been that kind of guy. I still hold some respect for criminals that are good at their jobs.;Justin Townes Earle;respect
I like cinema audiences. I respect them, and I talk to them just like I would anybody I know.;Roland Joffe;respect
I have too much respect for the idea of God to make it responsible for such an absurd world.;Georges Duhamel;respect
We all respect sincerity in our friends and acquaintances, but Hollywood is willing to pay for it.;Hattie McDaniel;respect
I'm a big proponent of young women dressing appropriately in the workplace to get ahead. We need to demand respect as women, and part of that involves how we present ourselves.;Rachel Roy;respect
There will always be a desire for something new, fresh and innovative, as well as a yearning and respect for timeless elegance and beauty.;Helena Christensen;respect
On one side, citizens have great respect for the United States they have a great feeling of friendship. That is solid. But in the opposition and in the political arena I often find criticism of the closeness of relations with the United States. That is a reality.;Vicente Fox;respect
Everyone at 'CSI' has been so great to work with, and so great in terms of scheduling. There's a real feeling of family on that set... I've grown to have so much respect for the cast and crew - they're been together so many years and still care about the show and each other.;Elisabeth Shue;respect
My mother is very, very smart and commands respect because she has a lot of respect for herself.;Jared Leto;respect
Directing has only increased my admiration and respect for what it is that actors do.;Eric Stoltz;respect
It seems I have a hard time being attracted to someone unless I respect what they do on some level. Otherwise, I would feel disdain for them. Which is not always pleasant in a relationship. Sometimes it's fun though.;Eric Stoltz;respect
Our challenge for the future is that we realize we are very much a part of the earth's ecosystem, and we must learn to respect and live according to the basic biological laws of nature.;Jim Fowler;respect
I'm a vegetarian and very much active in regards to how I feel about animal rights and protecting animals and giving animals a voice. But at the same time, I appreciate and respect other people's decisions to eat meat. The only thing that I hope is that people are educated, that they're aware, that they're living a conscious lifestyle.;Abbie Cornish;respect
I keep it real normal, like I don't try to act like a celebrity, or say that just because I'm on a TV show I can do other types of TV. I take it very seriously and I respect the art of acting.;Vinny Guadagnino;respect
I can remember when I was a baby and my mother was there watching the show. I went and bought 100 episodes and watched them. I respect it so much that the sitcom itself and Ed Norton I'm not playing Ed Norton but my version of it, cause I'm a black man.;Mike Epps;respect
Writing for children is bloody difficult books for children are as complex as their adult counterparts, and they should therefore be accorded the same respect.;Mark Haddon;respect
I always got great respect as a bass player.;Bill Wyman;respect
I fear God and respect God and love God.;Brett Ratner;respect
The Obama administration now has regulations that tells them that they can no longer promote marriage to these young girls. They can no longer promote marriage as a way of avoiding poverty and bad choices that they make in their life. They can no longer even teach abstinence education. They have to be neutral with respect to how people behave.;Rick Santorum;respect
With respect to the northeastern boundary of the United States, no official correspondence between this Government and that of Great Britain has passed since that communicated to Congress toward the close of their last session.;Martin Van Buren;respect
Americans will respect your beliefs if you just keep them private.;Bill O'Reilly;respect
Whose rights will we acknowledge? Whose human dignity will we respect? For whose well-being will we, as a people, assume responsibility?;Robert Casey;respect
In some ways England is more liberal than France, but I also find it more intrusive. But when you go abroad you have to accept the ways of where you live. I have to respect that.;Arsene Wenger;respect
Is woman a religion? Well, perhaps you will have the chance of judging for yourselves if you go to America. There you will find men treating women with just the same respect formerly accorded only to religious dignitaries or to great nobles.;Lafcadio Hearn;respect
In fact, the U.S. military has bent over backwards to respect the religious beliefs of some very dangerous fanatics who want to kill us.;Linda Chavez;respect
I have such a profound respect for what they do day in and day out. This USO tour is especially meaningful because of the friends I have met and I am honored to be apart of it.;Karl Malone;respect
I have many friends and family members who have served (or are currently serving) in our nation's Armed Forces. I have such a profound respect for what they do day in and day out.;Karl Malone;respect
PETA's campaign should be included in school curricula. If we can open children's hearts and minds to animals' needs, teach them to treat a dog or a chicken as if they feel fear and love and pain - as they do - then they will grow up to understand that we are all worthy of respect.;Ingrid Newkirk;respect
Every animal has his or her story, his or her thoughts, daydreams, and interests. All feel joy and love, pain and fear, as we now know beyond any shadow of a doubt. All deserve that the human animal afford them the respect of being cared for with great consideration for those interests or left in peace.;Ingrid Newkirk;respect
Give your dog or cat respect, patience, understanding and love. And if you just change to one vegetarian day a week, that's a wonderful step that will save animal lives. It means you have chosen something kind instead of something cruel.;Ingrid Newkirk;respect
Nonetheless, do I have respect for people who believe in the hereafter? Of course I do. I might add, perhaps even a touch of envy too, because of the solace.;Studs Terkel;respect
If you're lucky as you get older, you respect the craft and it becomes a skill.;Frank Langella;respect
Marriage gives you a new respect for a person.;Katharine McPhee;respect
I find fault with my children because I like them and I want them to go places - uprightness and strength and courage and civil respect and anything that affects the probabilities of failure on the part of those that are closest to me, that concerns me - I find fault.;Branch Rickey;respect
No one is above the game or the rules that govern it. Respect for the game and the people who participate in it will not be compromised.;Roger Goodell;respect
I don't expect to try to get people to like everything I do. I want them to respect what I do.;Roger Goodell;respect
Listen, I have a great affection and respect for Joe Biden. I think he's been a great vice president. He's taken on a lot of tough assignments for our administration.;David Axelrod;respect
I did work out every day. I needed it to have the endurance to do what needed to be done and not get hurt. I have such a new respect for action stars now.;Sanaa Lathan;respect
He has a profound respect for old age. Especially when it's bottled.;Gene Fowler;respect
I shall always respect the composer. If I embellish, it is his idea I am embellishing.;Kate Smith;respect
Alabama citizens, like the vast majority of Americans, respect and value the meaning of decency, and appreciate public institutions that reflect the common values of our society.;Mike Rogers;respect
I believe acting is very physical, and when you have to fight or do those kinds of things, it takes a lot of respect not to allow yourself to go off and hurt yourself or someone else.;Giancarlo Esposito;respect
Because we should always respect other nationalities, I have always tried to play them with dignity.;Ricardo Montalban;respect
I still don't understand the music industry that much. Everything I learned was from hanging out with rock musicians in studios. I certainly have respect for those who make music their livelihood.;Brendan Fraser;respect
Ragtime has about the same amount of respect as comics. And in a way they're similar art forms. Ragtime is highly compositional, and the emotion in the music is built in, whereas in jazz a lot of that emotion comes from the way it's performed.;Chris Ware;respect
I definitely think we get a lot of respect for what we do, but I definitely think that some people don't like us, which is fine.;Matt Stone;respect
I am not someone who believes we should build a fence around our country but I do believe there ought to be some fairness with respect to the rules of this globalization.;Byron Dorgan;respect
My goal is to get another 30 years out of this business. So I need to figure out the fuel to do that. And so far, I think it's respect and quality and company, not celebrity or box office or stardom. It's not a sprinter's approach. It's more like a long-distance thing. You can stick around a lot longer if you kind of slow-play it.;Jason Bateman;respect
My mission, I guess, has always been the kind of world where lesbian and gay people can celebrate who we are with equal freedom, dignity, and respect.;John Fisher;respect
I respect people who can do both careers, like Will Smith and a couple of other people who have done it, but I just don't know when they sleep.;Val Kilmer;respect
I think more and more respect has been accorded to teachers, and quite rightly so.;Michael Gove;respect
Since I've started fighting it has taught me a lot about self respect, self confidence and self control.;Gina Carano;respect
Well you know, I have the utmost respect for people like Angelina Jolie and Zoe Saldana in 'Colombiana. ';Gina Carano;respect
I try to respect the rules of the silent movies and I tried to make signification to make sense, and also the crew were very good and the fact that we shot in LA in the real Hollywood, studios and houses. We shot in the bed of Mary Pickford, and you cannot be any more accurate than that, so that helped a lot.;Michel Hazanavicius;respect
My government will respect the will of the people.;Mwai Kibaki;respect
