As all human beings are, in my view, creatures of God's design, we must respect all other human beings. That does not mean I have to agree with their choices or agree with their opinions, but indeed I respect them as human beings.;Stockwell Day;design
Books are but waste paper unless we spend in action the wisdom we get from thought - asleep. When we are weary of the living, we may repair to the dead, who have nothing of peevishness, pride, or design in their conversation.;William Butler Yeats;design
Though men are apt to flatter and exalt themselves with their great achievements, yet these are, in truth, very often owing not so much to design as chance.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;design
I did not direct my life. I didn't design it. I never made decisions. Things always came up and made them for me. That's what life is.;B. F. Skinner;design
Almost all quality improvement comes via simplification of design, manufacturing... layout, processes, and procedures.;Tom Peters;design
Design can never be an ultimate explanation for anything. It can only be a proximate explanation. A plane or a car is explained by a designer but that's because the designer himself, the engineer, is explained by natural selection.;Richard Dawkins;design
Designing is my hobby. If I didn't do what I do for a living - at some point when I don't do this for a living - I'll probably just do design work. I love finding really special pieces of furniture.;Ellen DeGeneres;design
An image is not simply a trademark, a design, a slogan or an easily remembered picture. It is a studiously crafted personality profile of an individual, institution, corporation, product or service.;Daniel J. Boorstin;design
Graphic design is the paradise of individuality, eccentricity, heresy, abnormality, hobbies and humors.;George Santayana;design
Art has to move you and design does not, unless it's a good design for a bus.;David Hockney;design
We must look for ways to be an active force in our own lives. We must take charge of our own destinies, design a life of substance and truly begin to live our dreams.;Les Brown;design
I really see myself continuing to design clothes, fragrances.;Kim Kardashian;design
At the University of Maryland, my first year I started off planning to major in art because I was interested in theatre design, stage design or television design.;Jim Henson;design
How can you look at the Texas legislature and still believe in intelligent design?;Kinky Friedman;design
Design in art, is a recognition of the relation between various things, various elements in the creative flux. You can't invent a design. You recognize it, in the fourth dimension. That is, with your blood and your bones, as well as with your eyes.;David Herbert Lawrence;design
Good design begins with honesty, asks tough questions, comes from collaboration and from trusting your intuition.;Freeman Thomas;design
I don't act, I don't direct, I don't design.;Tom Stoppard;design
A purpose, an intention, a design, strikes everywhere even the careless, the most stupid thinker.;David Hume;design
All architecture is shelter, all great architecture is the design of space that contains, cuddles, exalts, or stimulates the persons in that space.;Philip Johnson;design
The only thing Martha and I have in common is that we both used to model. Martha Stewart is extremely talented. Her designs are picture perfect. Our philosophy is life is messy, and rather than being afraid of those messes we design products that work the way we live.;Kathy Ireland;design
Engineering, medicine, business, architecture and painting are concerned not with the necessary but with the contingent - not with how things are but with how they might be - in short, with design.;Herbert Simon;design
I'm a total control freak and love to participate in the design of every single aspect of life.;Drew Barrymore;design
When I design a wedding dress with a bustle, it has to be one the bride can dance in. I love the idea that something is practical and still looks great.;Vera Wang;design
Gaming in general is a male thing. It isn't that gaming is designed to exclude women. Everybody who's tried to design a game to interest a large female audience has failed. And I think that has to do with the different thinking processes of men and women.;Gary Gygax;design
The actual tragedies of life bear no relation to one's preconceived ideas. In the event, one is always bewildered by their simplicity, their grandeur of design, and by that element of the bizarre which seems inherent in them.;Jean Cocteau;design
At some point in your life, if you're lucky, you get to design the way in which things evolve.;Daniel Day-Lewis;design
It's all in how you arrange the thing... the careful balance of the design is the motion.;Andrew Wyeth;design
I was very interested in theatre, mostly in stage design. I did a little bit of acting.;Jim Henson;design
We thought it would be fun to try to design a show that would work well internationally and so that' s what we're intending to do with Fraggle Rock, and we are indeed now selling it around the world.;Jim Henson;design
Over the past 20 years, I have noticed that the most flexible, dynamic, inquisitive minds among my students have been industrial design majors. Industrial designers are bracingly free of ideology and cant. The industrial designer is trained to be a clear-eyed observer of the commercial world - which, like it or not, is modern reality.;Camille Paglia;design
I have always had an interest in fashion and design and I appreciate style and timelessness within my footwear and accessories both on and off the court.;Maria Sharapova;design
I tried a dozen different modifications that were rejected. But they all served as a path to the final design.;Mikhail Kalashnikov;design
Summer blockbusters are very expensive to make. They have things that have to be expensive, such as 600 effects shots or CG characters that have to go a certain way, or a film design that is different but expensive.;Ang Lee;design
I'm not really a fashion designer. I just love clothes. I've never been to design school. I can't sketch. I can't cut patterns and things. I can shorten things. I can make a dress out of a scarf.;Kate Moss;design
I help design my own tennis clothes.;Maria Sharapova;design
Ever since I was young I loved making things and being part of the design process.;Maria Sharapova;design
All those years of skating and dancing have carried over. I can't design anything without thinking of how a woman's body will look and move when she's wearing it.;Vera Wang;design
Design is about point of view, and there should be some sort of woman or lifestyle or attitude in one's head as a designer.;Vera Wang;design
The design of Rhetoric is to remove those Prejudices that lie in the way of Truth, to Reduce the Passions to the Government of Reasons to place our Subject in a Right Light, and excite our Hearers to a due consideration of it.;Mary Astell;design
Interior design is a business of trust.;Venus Williams;design
People who run a ready-to-wear company are businessmen rather than production or design people.;Calvin Klein;design
You can be a mason and build 50 buildings, but it doesn't mean you can design one.;John Malkovich;design
I like design, I like details, to me it is just another form of self-expression.;John Malkovich;design
Well, I design costumes because I started with the theater in Chicago, but somehow a few lines just sort of fell to me to do it. And I studied it in school and I always liked it.;John Malkovich;design
Let's be realistic, how many people are buying a $2,000 skirt? I love to design things that people can actually buy. I'm staggered by what a boot costs today.;Vera Wang;design
While a case can be made for intelligent design, I can't figure out why some Christians are so thrilled about that possibility. First of all, it doesn't prove there's a God. If anything, intelligent design lends support to some form of pantheism that defines God as immanent within nature.;Tony Campolo;design
I come from a different era and I design clothes for our era. I think of people I want to dress when I design.;Alexander McQueen;design
Now I design what I want to wear, and it works that way.;Alexander McQueen;design
I can design a collection in a day and I always do, cause I've always got a load of Italians on my back, moaning that it's late.;Alexander McQueen;design
After 1980, you never heard reference to space again. Surface, the most convincing evidence of the descent into materialism, became the focus of design. Space disappeared.;Arthur Erickson;design
No wonder the film industry started in the desert in California where, like all desert dwellers, they dream their buildings, rather than design them.;Arthur Erickson;design
My style is kind of eclectic and I don't like to do the same thing over and over again. I like to have fun and explore myself so you won't see the same design.;Venus Williams;design
The principle of the design - the harmony, rhythm and balance are all the same with interior and fashion design.;Venus Williams;design
But, alas! what poor Woman is ever taught that she should have a higher Design than to get her a Husband?;Mary Astell;design
I like the gritty parts of fashion, the design, the studio, the pictures.;Vera Wang;design
Book-jacket design may become a lost art, like album-cover design, without which late-20th-century iconography would have been pauperized.;James Wolcott;design
Design is important, it's an important dimension in the car. It's not the only one.;Carlos Ghosn;design
Music is where I have the most creative freedom, but I love producing. To me, that's kind of where all the action is. You get a chance to have your hands in every aspect of a film. From picking a director, sometimes picking a writer, to the actors, the wardrobe, set design, editing, music, and marketing.;Ice Cube;design
A person should design the way he makes a living around how he wishes to make a life.;Charlie Byrd;design
That was always my frustration with so many of these shows, because design is not an ambush... it's a relationship. You have to know how people move and live and work to be able to design for them.;Genevieve Gorder;design
The Japanese have a wonderful sense of design and a refinement in their art. They try to produce beautiful paintings with the minimum number of strokes.;David Rockefeller;design
It would have been difficult to design a path out of communism worse than the one that has been followed.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;design
Can you design a Rorschach test that's going to make everyone feel something every time - and that looks like a Rorschach test? It's easy to show a picture of a kitten or a car accident. The question is, how abstract can you get and still get the audience to feel something when they don't know what's happening to them?;Jason Reitman;design
All those lessons that I've learned on the court, I have applied them to my life outside of the court in business, my company, called V Starr interiors, an interior design company, and EleVen, which I wear on court.;Venus Williams;design
I love design.;Venus Williams;design
I'd love to design bridal dresses.;Lauren Conrad;design
I thank Marc Jacobs so much for giving me the opportunity to design a shoe for Louis Vuitton, but the thing that broke my heart most was when they said, 'You're finished. The shoe's finished.';Kanye West;design
So, I'm always around video games but I've always been interested in them from a visual perspective, with the graphic design and that whole thing. I don't know if that comes from my love of photography or what but that's always what's held my interest about them.;Sophia Bush;design
When I design and wonder what the point is, I think of someone having a bad time in their life. Maybe they are sad and they wake up and put on something I have made and it makes them feel just a bit better. So, in that sense, fashion is a little help in the life of a person. But only a little.;Miuccia Prada;design
I mean, I think about it, but I don't design my record to get a certain public response.;Liz Phair;design
Marc Jacobs is full of creative people and Louis Vuitton is again a name on the door, a name that has existed for many years but I'm a collaborator there and I bring in other people, other artists and I work with a great creative design team.;Marc Jacobs;design
But I'm blessed to work with great people. I collaborate with brilliant stylists both here and in Paris. I work with a great design team. I really allow everyone to bring their ideas. I almost rely on them to inspire me.;Marc Jacobs;design
I approve designs not because I think I am more gifted or somebody who can see ahead three or four years from now, but just to make sure that the design is a logical, rational decision, taken after analyzing pros and cons.;Carlos Ghosn;design
When I come to a design decision, people know that is that.;Carlos Ghosn;design
For me, unemployment and poverty in the Greater Montreal area is not mainly a problem of structure, or design, or statistics. It is a profoundly human situation.;Kim Campbell;design
Pete Dye introduced me to golf course design back in the 1960's. He came to my hometown Columbus, Ohio to work on The Golf Club.;Jack Nicklaus;design
I've wanted to design golf courses ever since I was a kid. I suppose it comes from the way I've played the game. To find the proper way to play any hole, I've always begun by asking myself what the architect has tried to do with it.;Jack Nicklaus;design
A Nicklaus Design golf course is done by the guys in my company that I work with, that have been trained in my vision, and they do what they think I might do. They might come in the office and ask me questions and I'd certainly answer their questions, but I'm not involved in the site visits or anything else.;Jack Nicklaus;design
A jellyfish is little more than a pulsating bell, a tassel of trailing tentacles and a single digestive opening through which it both eats and excretes - as regrettable an example of economy of design as ever was.;Jeffrey Kluger;design
Leopard is an animal design, and my designs come from nature.;Roberto Cavalli;design
I became an art major, took every art class my school had to offer. In college, I majored in Advertising Art and Design.;Len Wein;design
Britain's great strength is its innovative, design and engineering natural ability and we're not using it.;James Dyson;design
I don't design down to a price.;James Dyson;design
I'm not into politics but I am committed to a cause: ensuring design technology and engineering stays on the U.K. curriculum, alongside science and maths - grounding abstract theory, merging the practical with the academic.;James Dyson;design
When you say 'design,' everybody thinks of magazine pages. So it's an emotive word. Everybody thinks it's how something looks, whereas for me, design is pretty much everything.;James Dyson;design
I don't particularly follow the Bauhaus school of design, where you make everything into a black box - simplify it.;James Dyson;design
Design and technology should be the subject where mathematical brainboxes and science whizzkids turn their bright ideas into useful products.;James Dyson;design
Design is a plan for arranging elements in such a way as best to accomplish a particular purpose.;Charles Eames;design
The details are not the details. They make the design.;Charles Eames;design
I think fashion is a lot of fun. I love clothes. More than fashion or brand labels, I love design. I love the thought that people put into clothes. I love when clothes make cultural statements and I think personal style is really cool. I also freely recognize that fashion should be a hobby.;Anne Hathaway;design
I'd like to design something like a city or a museum. I want to do something hands on rather than just play golf which is the sport of the religious right.;Brad Pitt;design
I'm drawn to furniture design as complete architecture on a minor scale.;Brad Pitt;design
McSweeney's as a publishing company is built on a business model that only works when we sell physical books. So we try to put a lot of effort into the design and production of the book-as-object.;Dave Eggers;design
When I announced the development of Perl 6, I said it was going to be a community design. I designed Perl, myself. It's limited by my own brain power. So I wanted Perl 6 to be a community design.;Larry Wall;design
I've always been a bit of a decorator. I think if I wasn't a singer I'd probably be in stage setting or interior design or something. I like clutter and I'm quite visually greedy. I can't have things to be plain I have to have things looking interesting... maybe I'm just a frustrated interior designer stuck in a singing career.;Florence Welch;design
I think a lot of times people design restaurants with flash in mind. I think you should design restaurants with function in mind. Make sure it's functional and works with what you're trying to accomplish. Design can come later.;Bobby Flay;design
Design is so critical it should be on the agenda of every meeting in every single department.;Tom Peters;design
I am a fashion designer. I'm not an environmentalist. When I get up in the morning, number one I'm a mother and a wife, and number two I design clothes. So the main thing I need to do is create, hopefully, exquisitely beautiful, desirable objects for my customer.;Stella McCartney;design
Complexity is one of the great problems in environmental design.;Christopher Alexander;design
