Few expected very much of Franklin Roosevelt on Inauguration Day in 1933. Like Barack Obama seventy-six years later, he was succeeding a failed Republican president, and Americans had voted for change. What that change might be Roosevelt never clearly said, probably because he himself didn't know.;Russell Baker;change
Women have a lot of power in private life. There are many men who would say, 'Hey, women already rule my life.' But with women, more is more. The more there are, the more the world gets used to seeing them. We change the culture. We begin to expand options and lead and manage.;Dee Dee Myers;change
The fight is always the same within the Democratic Party, isn't it? The more things change, the more they stay the same.;Dee Dee Myers;change
Washington is still very much a male-oriented culture. Being from Los Angeles, I think it is less so there - there is less attachment to tradition, perhaps, there is more flexibility, more acceptance of change generally. That is partly because of Hollywood.;Dee Dee Myers;change
When I joined Bill Clinton's start-up presidential campaign in 1991, I was confident that women would play an ever more important role, but I never gave a minute's thought to what would happen if we won. When we did - and I became the first woman to serve as White House press secretary - it changed my life. But it didn't change the world.;Dee Dee Myers;change
There is no question that climate change is happening the only arguable point is what part humans are playing in it.;David Attenborough;change
As a standup, I try to change the world. As an entertainer, I try to entertain. And as a lesbian, I try to pick up the prettiest girl in the room.;Lea DeLaria;change
It's coming home to roost over the next 50 years or so. It's not just climate change it's sheer space, places to grow food for this enormous horde. Either we limit our population growth or the natural world will do it for us, and the natural world is doing it for us right now.;David Attenborough;change
Every time I hear, Cut. Print, something cold and electrical goes off in my head, because I'm never going to change that film.;David Ogden Stiers;change
Revolutions demand enormous sacrifices and, at the same time, create a new need to change the world again.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;change
The past itself, as historical change continues to accelerate, has become the most surreal of subjects - making it possible... to see a new beauty in what is vanishing.;Susan Sontag;change
Dreams are the seeds of change. Nothing ever grows without a seed, and nothing ever changes without a dream.;Debby Boone;change
For an introvert his environment is himself and can never be subject to startling or unforeseen change.;Quentin Crisp;change
Change is vital to any actor. If you keep playing lead after lead, you're really gonna dry up. Because all those vehicles wean you away from the truths of human behaviour.;Gary Oldman;change
There are people in the world who have the power to change our values.;John Mayer;change
Without struggle, no progress and no result. Every breaking of habit produces a change in the machine.;George Gurdjieff;change
We can't change anything until we get some fresh ideas, until we begin to see things differently.;James Hillman;change
Becoming a mother cannot help but change things. An author's life is reflected in their writing, whether they want it to be or not, and parenthood is one of the biggest life changes there is.;Sarah Zettel;change
Loss means losing what was We want to change but we don't want to lose. Without time for loss, we don't have time for soul.;James Hillman;change
A change in bad habits leads to a change in life.;Jenny Craig;change
It will always be a battle a day between those who want maximum change and those who want to maintain the status quo.;Gerry Adams;change
Organisations are now confronted with two sources of change: the traditional type that is initiated and managed and external changes over which no one has control.;Margaret J. Wheatley;change
Never doubt that you can change history. You already have.;Marge Piercy;change
I just change with the times. I really don't have a say in what's going on. Music was here before me.;Snoop Dogg;change
We have to struggle against the conservatives from all sides, not only the right-wingers, but also the left-wing conservatives who don't want to change anything.;Jacques Delors;change
Change is growth. For me it has been a very spiritual and musical rebirth.;Lenny Kravitz;change
I have a resistance to change in things that I feel comfortable with and that I'm used to.;Dennis Quaid;change
I can't just say one time of the year I'm going to do something different. I have to commit to a lifestyle behavioral change and just try to be a little bit better today than I was yesterday.;Gabrielle Union;change
If we're going to change the laws, let's change them in ways which makes it easier to catch criminals, and yet at the same time protect the Second Amendment rights of our law-abiding citizens.;John Dingell;change
Fame changes a lot of things, but it can't change a lightbulb.;Gilda Radner;change
Sometimes you could be in an unhappy relationship you are very much in love with someone, but it's making you unhappy and you think things can change and you can work it out.;Vanessa Paradis;change
I have to say, you know, I've seen so many people go through the cycle and become famous and not famous anymore and, you know, want - have their priorities change and want different things.;Rashida Jones;change
We have to face the reality of climate change. It is arguably the biggest threat we are facing today.;William Hague;change
Any form of art is a form of power it has impact, it can affect change - it can not only move us, it makes us move.;Ossie Davis;change
Unless there is meaningful change in Syria and an end to the crackdown, President Assad and those around him will find themselves isolated internationally and discredited within Syria.;William Hague;change
People feel that the EU is a one-way process, a great machine that sucks up decision-making from national parliaments to the European level until everything is decided by the EU. That needs to change.;William Hague;change
I believe we should reframe our response to climate change as an imperative for growth rather than merely being a way of being green or meeting environmental commitments.;William Hague;change
As far as I'm aware, everybody in the shadow cabinet accepts that there's a compelling case on climate change and a strong scientific case.;William Hague;change
It's important to fall in love with someone you don't want to change.;Jessica Simpson;change
I do believe sadly it's going to take some diseases coming back to realize that we need to change and develop vaccines that are safe.;Jenny McCarthy;change
I get heartfelt thanks from all kinds of people. Today I heard from a waitress in Georgia who has lost her job and is trying to figure out how her local bank can change the terms on her credit card, and I heard from a physicist at a major research university who wants to explain a better theory of financial stress tests.;Elizabeth Warren;change
People's view of cancer will change when they have their own relationship with cancer, which everyone will, at some point.;Laura Linney;change
I want to be able to look back and say, 'I've done everything I can, and I was successful.' I don't want to look back and say I should have done this or that. I'd like to change things for the younger generation of swimmers coming along.;Michael Phelps;change
I wouldn't change a thing - except my bank balance.;Johnny Thunders;change
No, nothing has changed in my life at all, and nothing would change if I had millions.;Kinky Friedman;change
There is something in the pang of change More than the heart can bear, Unhappiness remembering happiness.;Euripedes;change
This great, though disastrous, culture can only change as we begin to stand off and see... the inveterate materialism which has become the model for cultures around the world.;Arthur Erickson;change
There can be no peace in the world so long as a large proportion of the population lack the necessities of life and believe that a change of the political and economic system will make them available. World peace must be based on world plenty.;John Boyd Orr;change
That's the thing about interviews, at some point you're going to change your mind. But it's there forever and you can't escape it.;Martha Plimpton;change
Man has a limited biological capacity for change. When this capacity is overwhelmed, the capacity is in future shock.;Alvin Toffler;change
Some argue that now isn't the time to push the green agenda - that all efforts should be on preventing a serious recession. That is a false choice. It fails to recognise that climate change and our carbon reliance is part of problem - high fuel prices and food shortages due to poor crop yields compound today's financial difficulties.;Lucy Powell;change
It is tragic that people who are incarcerated are unable to vote. They are probably the most important voices to listen to because they can tell us what we need to change.;Margaret Cho;change
It is not strange... to mistake change for progress.;Millard Fillmore;change
A zebra does not change its spots.;Al Gore;change
I think it's harder for people than it should be. But as more and more of us become carbon neutral and change the patterns in our lives to be part of the solution instead of part of the problem, we are now beginning to see the changes in policy that are needed.;Al Gore;change
Kids are a huge sacrifice they change everything - but I'm ready to work for things of greater importance than going out to meet someone for dinner at 10 o'clock at night.;Katherine Heigl;change
I do like change. That's the one thing exciting about me.;Katherine Heigl;change
If I can change than anyone can change. I promise you that.;Brett Favre;change
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change amid order.;Alfred North Whitehead;change
I shoot a little bit, maybe two rolls, medium format, which is 20 pictures, and if it's not working, I change the position.;Annie Leibovitz;change
I think if there's something one needs to change with oneself, it doesn't have to happen in the New Year. You can do that any time you please - not that it's not a good inspirational tactic for the people that it works for.;Brittany Murphy;change
Even God cannot change the past.;Agathon;change
Men are but children of a larger growth, Our appetites as apt to change as theirs, And full as craving too, and full as vain.;Diane Arbus;change
I didn't come into politics to change the Labour Party. I came into politics to change the country.;Tony Blair;change
When you go off in the world and make your life, and you come back to your home town, and you find your old high-school friends driving in the same circles, doing the same things, that's what Hollywood's like. It's a little block, little town. It doesn't really grow or change.;Robert Rodriguez;change
Maybe one day the world will change, that we'll be in a luxurious position of being able to debate whether or not it's inherently wrong to eat animals, but the question doesn't matter right now.;Jonathan Safran Foer;change
Polite and velvety leaders, who take care to avoid bruising others, are generally not as effective at forcing change.;Walter Isaacson;change
When it comes to meat, change is almost always cast as an absolute. You are a vegetarian or you are not.;Jonathan Safran Foer;change
Celebrity culture has gone crazy, and I think the reason is that real news is just not bearable, and it also seems impossible to change anything.;Chris Martin;change
The question, I've come to think, is not what inspires one to change, but what inspires one to remain changed.;Jonathan Safran Foer;change
I first became a vegetarian when I was nine, in response to an argument made by a radical babysitter. My great change - which lasted a couple of weeks - was based on the very simple instinct that it's wrong to kill animals for food.;Jonathan Safran Foer;change
Despite the fact that in America we incarcerate more juveniles for life terms than in any other country in the world, the truth is that the vast majority of youth offenders will one day be released. The question is simple and stark. Do we want to help them change or do we want to help them become even more violent and dangerous?;Ayelet Waldman;change
There is at least one point in the history of any company when you have to change dramatically to rise to the next level of performance. Miss that moment - and you start to decline.;Andy Grove;change
In one century, we've added 28 years to our average life span - a change so rapid that our brains couldn't possibly have evolved to accommodate it.;Martha Beck;change
My point is that perceptual bias can affect nut jobs and scientists alike. If we hold too rigidly to what we think we know, we ignore or avoid evidence of anything that might change our mind.;Martha Beck;change
When you're a catalyst for change, you make enemies - and I'm proud of the ones I've got.;Rupert Murdoch;change
Any film I do is not going to change the way black women have been portrayed, or black people have been portrayed, in cinema since the days of D.W. Griffith.;Spike Lee;change
Normal social behavior requires that we be able to recognize identities in spite of change. Unless we can do so, there can be no human society as we know it.;Kenneth L. Pike;change
When you look at all the miracles attributed to Jesus, they're all about change.;Michael Sheen;change
The damage that climate change is causing and that will get worse if we fail to act goes beyond the hundreds of thousands of lives, homes and businesses lost, ecosystems destroyed, species driven to extinction, infrastructure smashed and people inconvenienced.;David Suzuki;change
When I was at drama school, I wanted to change the world, and thought I had some great wisdom to impart to people about humanity. Now that I'm older, I know enough to realise that I know nothing at all.;Michael Sheen;change
Doing all we can to combat climate change comes with numerous benefits, from reducing pollution and associated health care costs to strengthening and diversifying the economy by shifting to renewable energy, among other measures.;David Suzuki;change
From year to year, environmental changes are incremental and often barely register in our lives, but from evolutionary or geological perspectives, what is happening is explosive change.;David Suzuki;change
People can undergo a sudden change of thinking and loyalties under threat of death or intense social pressure and isolation from friends and family.;Keith Henson;change
Some people call it global warming some people call it climate change. What is the difference?;Frank Luntz;change
In true dialogue, both sides are willing to change.;Nhat Hanh;change
I don't allow anybody to change me. I still walk outta my house in rollers and I take walks. I do not care what people think.;Britney Spears;change
This nation has always struggled with how it was going to deal with poor people and people of color. Every few years you will see some great change in the way that they approach this. We've had the war on poverty that never really got into waging a real war on poverty.;Maxine Waters;change
I don't think I'm really open to having Washington change me.;Rand Paul;change
We are all revolutionaries now, addicts of change.;Christopher Lasch;change
My mom was always saying: 'Be whatever you want to be, but stick with it. Don't waver. Don't change who you are for anybody.';Miranda Lambert;change
People naturally change a lot during their 20s, so my songs reflect that progression.;Miranda Lambert;change
People lose people, we lose things in our life as we're constantly growing and changing. That's what life is is change, and a lot of that is loss. It's what you gain from that loss that makes life.;Thomas Jane;change
I think happiness comes from self-acceptance. We all try different things, and we find some comfortable sense of who we are. We look at our parents and learn and grow and move on. We change.;Jamie Lee Curtis;change
Illness strikes men when they are exposed to change.;Herodotus;change
Change is one of my favourite words.;Carol Vorderman;change
I have to change a lot of things before I become a good marathon runner.;Haile Gebrselassie;change
I am a type-2 diabetic, and they took me off medication simply because I ate right and exercised. Diabetes is not like a cancer, where you go in for chemo and radiation. You can change a lot through a basic changing of habits.;Sherri Shepherd;change
Redemption just means you just make a change in your life and you try to do right, versus what you were doing, which was wrong.;Ice T;change
