I would like to do a sports movie.;Sean Durkin;sports
Sports teams, people who follow sports teams, religion, churches, work - any company, I find that people just generally have a need to belong to something larger than themselves.;Sean Durkin;sports
Band members have a special bond. A great band is more than just some people working together. It's like a highly specialized army unit, or a winning sports team. A unique combination of elements that becomes stronger together than apart.;Steven Van Zandt;sports
I'm a big sports fan in general.;Luke Bryan;sports
If you have spent any time with Barack Obama, you know he's a funny guy. He's a good guy. He knows sports.;Edward G. Rendell;sports
It is incredible how far women have come and women in sports have come.;Jennie Finch;sports
As an example, one of the schools I have been studying is too small to compete effectively in most sports, but participates with vigor each year in the state music contests.;James S. Coleman;sports
I decided to create a sports club during the Soviet times. It was my dream.;Sergei Bubka;sports
My main idea was to create a sports facility for the basics. This is why I established the club.;Sergei Bubka;sports
Sports life is very short.;Sergei Bubka;sports
My policy was just to give good things for sports in my region.;Sergei Bubka;sports
I have spoken with many former athletes, and they tell me the best time they had was in sports. I listen to them and use their experience in my career.;Sergei Bubka;sports
I have just come from a couple of raids, where we had a very lively time, and some of them had to pull their guns. I found it necessary to punch a few sports myself.;Richard H. Davis;sports
It's not just the kid who's spent every penny from his job to upgrade his car to tell the world he cares about sports cars, it's also the person driving around in a fuel-conscious hybrid electric car, because it's more a message to the world than an effective means of saving fuel, to be quite honest.;Richard Hammond;sports
By the time I was 8 years old, sports had pretty much taken over my life.;Michael Bergin;sports
Being No. 1. It's talked about all of the time in hip-hop. 'I'm still No. 1! I'm the best! I'm the greatest of all time!' It's the same mentality in sports.;Michael Rapaport;sports
Sports and politics don't mix.;Eric Heiden;sports
Playing in New England and the Boston area, the fans are so passionate about their sports if you don't play well, they'll let you know so I know it's not something that they take lightly.;Drew Bledsoe;sports
My heart lies in music and acting, however, my inspiration comes from adrenaline rush I get from sports... and life.;Alexander Ludwig;sports
We want to encourage the young ones to learn and get some confidence in sports. It's fun and keeps you active and moving.;Christine Taylor;sports
In America, we have three major sports - baseball, football and basketball. They get the most coverage. Then there's things like golf which mop up most of what is left. But track and field? We are way at the bottom of the totem pole.;Maurice Greene;sports
I'm not a big sports fan, but I love it when they 'slam dunk.' That's sexy.;Emma Bunton;sports
I grew up playing sports, football, basketball, baseball, everything, and acting was such a different environment and different world for me.;Cam Gigandet;sports
The difference between the more traditional sports clubs and Congress is that Congress doesn't really compete against another team.;Cal Thomas;sports
I'm a huge sports fan.;Marc Anthony;sports
I mean, sports are big, big, big business.;Phil Lesh;sports
For the tiny percentage of people who are negatively affected by our embracing of standards, they can just get their sports somewhere else in the meantime. It's not like we're denying them hospital care.;Mike Davidson;sports
I'm in the perfect position. It's a sports position and a political position where I can help better the lives of athletes around the world.;Angela Ruggiero;sports
The Women's Sports Foundation holds a unique position in developing opportunities for girls and women of all abilities to be active whether recreationally or competitively, and I'm excited to help lead the organization to impact even more lives. It is an honor to continue to build the legacy created by Billie Jean King and all of our leaders.;Angela Ruggiero;sports
When Michael Jordan quit, I suddenly found myself without a sports hero.;Mike Royko;sports
Over the years, I've enjoyed working for WFAN and MSG - two sports giants in the industry. There couldn't be a better fit due to the long-standing history both entities have had with NY sports.;Boomer Esiason;sports
Baseball was the darling of all sports back then.;Marion Motley;sports
We coaches have to learn how to deal with that: How do I get to each one best - with a talk, with video analysis? And what sort of tone? We need our own coaches for that. The sports psychologist coaches me too.;Jurgen Klinsmann;sports
I am so grateful to everybody that supports the Sheckler Foundation, and gives us the ability to continue to help kids and injured action sports athletes.;Ryan Sheckler;sports
The ultimate would be to compete in a couple more Olympics, hopefully break some world records and wind up my sports career with a couple of years in the WNBA.;Marion Jones;sports
Competition is the spice of sports but if you make spice the whole meal you'll be sick.;George Leonard;sports
I told another ESPN friend here, I love all sports. I can't think of any I don't love. I've even come to appreciate cricket. Maybe I could play a sportswriter. I don't know. Anything in the sports realm is appealing.;Sean Astin;sports
We've seen the kind of social impact a professional sports team has on a city. A team brings high-profile role models into your community who are healthy and they're great images for the city to gravitate toward, especially for kids.;Mick Cornett;sports
I love sports. Anytime I can combine sports with a film I'm a happy guy. It's such a natural fit, because sports always seems to be a metaphor for life. Always, always, always.;Dean Cain;sports
I was an All-American in wrestling in high school, was National Champion in Chinese kickboxing in 1999 and have spent a lot of time around professional athletes, which includes my eight-plus years as CEO of a sports nutrition company.;Tim Ferriss;sports
They wanted me to play more sports because they were acutely sensitive to their children being one hundred percent American, and they believed that all Americans played sports and loved sports.;Martin Lewis Perl;sports
Boxing, for me, it's the beginning of all sports. I'm willing to bet that the first sport was a man against another man in a fight, so I think that's something innate in all of us.;Omar Epps;sports
ESPN has this problem with sports, it's impossible to fill 24 hours with sports programming so they have to resort to things like poker and arm wrestling tournaments.;Drew Curtis;sports
If I was invincible, maybe I would take up some extreme sports.;Tom Welling;sports
That's what I'd like to do on the President's Council. Make sports and athletics available to every youth in America, not just one day a week like it was for me, but every day.;Florence Griffith Joyner;sports
The biological factors underlying race differences in sports have consequences for educational achievement, crime and sexual behavior.;J. Philippe Rushton;sports
I'm so unhappy with electoral politics that I switched to sports radio.;Bernadine Dohrn;sports
I love all sports.;Dante Hall;sports
Sports are not for everyone.;Dante Hall;sports
We really love all sports, but we don't think in the long term. The reason we did Kingpin was because there was a script we really liked and we saw the possibilities.;Peter Farrelly;sports
As a kid I was short and only weighed 95 pounds. And though I was active in a lot of Sports and got along with most of the guys, I think I used comedy as a defense mechanism. You know making someone laugh is a much better way to solve a problem than by using your fists.;Tim Conway;sports
Not everyone likes sports. Gandhi and Malcolm X come to mind.;Jay Mohr;sports
All of the sports have a safety net, but boxing is the only sport that has none. So when the fighter is through, he is through. While he was fighting his management was very excited for him, but now that he is done, that management team is moving on.;Gerry Cooney;sports
I grew up in Baltimore. And yes, I am a big sports fan, especially when it comes to my local teams.;Josh Charles;sports
I also developed an interest in sports, and played in informal games at a nearby school yard where the neighborhood children met to play touch football, baseball, basketball and occasionally, ice hockey.;Steven Chu;sports
We've finally told the world that this is sports entertainment, and I think one of the best forms of entertainment is anything that's fun or funny, something that you really enjoy watching or listening to.;Jerry Lawler;sports
The power of a sports team in a community it's almost indescribable.;Wendell Pierce;sports
The NFL is such a large, multibillion dollar enterprise with fan loyalty because they have provided not only entertainment for sports fans, but memories, good memories, family memories to these fans, that can only bring about good will.;Wendell Pierce;sports
I think we have our sports within our own culture that are huge with baseball, football, basketball, and hockey. Those are the sports in America that we grow up with and soccer isn't really there yet.;Claudio Reyna;sports
We're a crazy country about sports, but for the longest time, only followed our own sports.;Claudio Reyna;sports
EA SPORTS has a strong partnership with adidas and through this relationship they approached adidas about using some of their top players from around the world.;Claudio Reyna;sports
When you have a background in combat sports, people think you're this martial arts expert, but really I'm just a guy who is able to do certain things without making a mess of himself.;Rick Yune;sports
Professional sports are something they can't control.;Troy Vincent;sports
I tried to get a baseball movie made a couple of years ago and I don't think it didn't happen because I was a woman, but because sports movie don't sell internationally.;Callie Khouri;sports
People who think they know what they are talking about when they talk about baseball include the announcers and all of the sports press - no matter how much evidence you present them to the contrary they will continue to think that what they think is right.;Michael Lewis;sports
The sports world is an echo chamber. All it takes is one quote from a general manager and a thousand sports columns bloom.;Michael Lewis;sports
I lived in a town of 400 until I was like nine or ten. My dad coached all the sports - he was a gym teacher and health teacher for grades K-12.;January Jones;sports
I was always very independent and looked out for myself. I think that ability really helped me in later years both in sports and in theatre.;Jack Wagner;sports
The 'Sports Illustrated' cover was the last thing I shot. That week, I told my agent, 'You know what, I really... I don't want to be a model anymore. I really want to do movies.' And I think he wanted to wring my neck at the moment.;Brooklyn Decker;sports
Academics often discount the value of top-rated sports programs in helping to develop a campus life and in contributing to the overall success of a college or university. Like it or not, the sports programs a college or university has are the front page of that university.;James E. Rogers;sports
My style has been pretty much like a newspaper. It's got politics in it, it's got media, sports, family relations, you know, all the sections you would expect, and wonderful religion things.;Kate Clinton;sports
I just think that sports movies have such a built-in visceral, rooting interest, an epic win or lose redemptive quality. When they get it right, it can make for a really rousing movie experience.;Shawn Levy;sports
There's nothing masculine about being competitive. There's nothing masculine about trying to be the best at everything you do, nor is there anything wrong with it. I don't know why a female athlete has to defend her femininity just because she chooses to play sports.;Rebecca Lobo;sports
When cerebral processes enter into sports, you start screwing up. It's like the Constitution, which says separate church and state. You have to separate mind and body.;Bill Lee;sports
I think everybody has something that takes them away or makes them happier. To some people it's baseball or sports or knitting or the movies.;Sutton Foster;sports
Nah, I don't watch TV either, apart from a few sports programmes. I just don't have the time.;Eric Bristow;sports
It was actually drumming that gave me the stamina to get into sports later.;Neil Peart;sports
I had spindly little ankles, and growing up in Canada, I couldn't skate. I was no good at any sports so was very much a pariah through those adolescent years.;Neil Peart;sports
Sports and entertainment have always been windows of opportunity for African Americans, when other doors were closed.;Lynn Swann;sports
Professional sports is a business.;Lynn Swann;sports
I think the Cowboys are one of only two teams in all of sports that engender love and hate to that extreme. The other is the Yankees. You love the Yankees or you hate the Yankees.;Al Michaels;sports
Monday Night Football started in 1970, and when it started, it was something extremely special because sports had not been aired in prime time. So, it was a novelty, and a lot of people thought it wouldn't work, and, of course, it worked spectacularly well.;Al Michaels;sports
One reason outfielders don't have stronger arms might be they don't practice as much as we did. Most teams today don't take outfield practice. Another reason is baseball has to compete with other sports now - basketball, football, soccer - for the better athletes that might have more skills and stronger arms.;Al Kaline;sports
I sort of try to write everything for me. I'm a huge sports fan but have no interest in minutiae. I don't remember who won Super Bowls five years ago or listen to sports talk radio. I'm trying to make sure the jokes are self-contained so they're accessible to everyone.;Norm MacDonald;sports
These 'Sports Illustrated' people, they know how to hold a secret.;Bar Refaeli;sports
To be candid with you, free agency hurts all sports. It's great for athletes making an enormous amount of money. But to say it helps the sports, I don't believe that.;Jerry West;sports
I'm delighted about the track's success in the sports world, but the frustrating thing is, I don't think I got rich on it. The labels and publishers did very cheap deals on our songs.;Alan Parsons;sports
I like sports, and swimming is my favorite. Doing physical exercises keeps one fit and healthy and helps one work more efficiently. I think we all need to strike a balance between work and relaxation. This can keep us energetic and help us do our job better.;Xi Jinping;sports
I was a huge theater geek growing up, and that was not the easiest thing in the world, especially growing up in Chicago, where sports are really the norm. I was always off to the theater at night, from 7 years old on. Friends there in the Midwest who could talk to you about the idiosyncrasies of 'Pippin' were few and far between.;Johnny Galecki;sports
My dad is the reason I actually started watching wrestling. My dad was never big into sports we were all big into sports as kids, and he'd go to our Little League games or whatever and not really know what was going on, because he didn't know about sports, but he knew about wrestling.;John Cena;sports
I'm not really interested in sports psychology. It makes me feel like a crazy person.;Michelle Wie;sports
Sports isn't just a part of life. It's not life itself.;Stedman Graham;sports
So while you're an athlete, and you have that platform, what you want to be able to do is make it work for you as much as possible, because there's going to be life after sports.;Stedman Graham;sports
When I did sports cartoons, I used to uh, go to fights.;Rube Goldberg;sports
I don't know much about sports.;Rene Russo;sports
I've always been into sports and being physical.;Moon Bloodgood;sports
I remember, when I was a little kid, I was good at sports, and I could jump off the high board. And then puberty hit, and suddenly I was looking to boys for direction. I remember that as a great loss.;Francine Prose;sports
I think it's good for sports cars to be united, to be just one. I think it's good for the fans. When you have two different series, fans don't know which way to go, when you only have one I think it's good for the sport.;Juan Pablo Montoya;sports
And I watch 'Saturday Night Live' religiously, I have since I was a little boy. I watch it basically like one of my favorite sports teams.;Ty Burrell;sports
