Suffering! We owe to it all that is good in us, all that gives value to life we owe to it pity, we owe to it courage, we owe to it all the virtues.;Anatole France;courage
Failure is only postponed success as long as courage 'coaches' ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.;Herbert Kaufman;courage
It takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeeded.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;courage
Today we affirm a new commitment to live out our nation's promise through civility, courage, compassion and character.;George W. Bush;courage
Courage consists not in blindly overlooking danger, but in seeing it, and conquering it.;Jean Paul;courage
Creativity takes courage.;Henri Matisse;courage
Courage enlarges, cowardice diminishes resources. In desperate straits the fears of the timid aggravate the dangers that imperil the brave.;Christian Nestell Bovee;courage
If we survive danger it steels our courage more than anything else.;Reinhold Niebuhr;courage
There are pretenders to piety as well as to courage.;Moliere;courage
Religion in its humility restores man to his only dignity, the courage to live by grace.;George Santayana;courage
Courage that grows from constitution often forsakes a man when he has occasion for it courage which arises from a sense of duty acts in a uniform manner.;Joseph Addison;courage
If we are to survive, we must have ideas, vision, and courage. These things are rarely produced by committees. Everything that matters in our intellectual and moral life begins with an individual confronting his own mind and conscience in a room by himself.;Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr.;courage
When God speaks, oftentimes His voice will call for an act of courage on our part.;Charles Stanley;courage
Peace comes when you talk to the guy you most hate. And that's where the courage of a leader comes, because when you sit down with your enemy, you as a leader must already have very considerable confidence from your own constituency.;Desmond Tutu;courage
We are very much what others think of us. The reception our observations meet with gives us courage to proceed, or damps our efforts.;William Hazlitt;courage
It takes someone with a vision of the possibilities to attain new levels of experience. Someone with the courage to live his dreams.;Les Brown;courage
Rather like Batman, I embody the themes of the movie which are the values of family, courage and compassion and a sense of right and wrong, good and bad and justice.;Gary Oldman;courage
The principal act of courage is to endure and withstand dangers doggedly rather than to attack them.;Thomas Aquinas;courage
Have the courage to act instead of react.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;courage
People think I have courage. The courage in my family are my wife Pam, my three daughters, here, Nicole, Jamie, LeeAnn, my mom, who's right here too.;Jim Valvano;courage
Time is neutral and does not change things. With courage and initiative, leaders change things.;Jesse Jackson;courage
I'm a big fan of small business ownership. I think it's the backbone of American innovation. But to be successful, you first have to have the courage to go for it.;Bill Rancic;courage
Is he alone who has courage on his right hand and faith on his left hand?;Charles Lindbergh;courage
Let a new earth rise. Let another world be born. Let a bloody peace be written in the sky. Let a second generation full of courage issue forth let a people loving freedom come to growth.;Margaret Walker;courage
In strife who inquires whether stratagem or courage was used?;Virgil;courage
Often the difference between a successful man and a failure is not one's better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to bet on his ideas, to take a calculated risk, and to act.;Maxwell Maltz;courage
In fact, my courage and my bravery at a young age was the thing I was bullied for, a kind of 'Who do you think you are?';Lady Gaga;courage
There is in true beauty, as in courage, something which narrow souls cannot dare to admire.;William Congreve;courage
Physical courage, which despises all danger, will make a man brave in one way and moral courage, which despises all opinion, will make a man brave in another.;Charles Caleb Colton;courage
You have to have courage to be obedient to God.;Charles Stanley;courage
I'm sick of not having the courage to be an absolute nobody.;J. D. Salinger;courage
Courage conquers all things: it even gives strength to the body.;Ovid;courage
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace.;Amelia Earhart;courage
The sea - this truth must be confessed - has no generosity. No display of manly qualities - courage, hardihood, endurance, faithfulness - has ever been known to touch its irresponsible consciousness of power.;Joseph Conrad;courage
Courage, my friends 'tis not too late to build a better world.;Tommy Douglas;courage
Courage is doing what you are afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you are scared.;Eddie Rickenbacker;courage
Courage is what preserves our liberty, safety, life, and our homes and parents, our country and children. Courage comprises all things.;Plautus;courage
Courage is often lack of insight, whereas cowardice in many cases is based on good information.;Peter Ustinov;courage
The courage of the poet is to keep ajar the door that leads into madness.;Christopher Morley;courage
Courage is simply the willingness to be afraid and act anyway.;Robert Anthony;courage
Whether you be man or woman you will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.;James Allen;courage
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.;Baltasar Gracian;courage
He who loses wealth loses much he who loses a friend loses more but he that loses his courage loses all.;Miguel de Cervantes;courage
True courage is not the brutal force of vulgar heroes, but the firm resolve of virtue and reason.;Alfred North Whitehead;courage
At the bottom of not a little of the bravery that appears in the world, there lurks a miserable cowardice. Men will face powder and steel because they have not the courage to face public opinion.;Edwin Hubbel Chapin;courage
Physical bravery is an animal instinct moral bravery is much higher and truer courage.;Wendell Phillips;courage
While President Bush likes to project an image of strength and courage, the real truth is that in the presence of his large financial contributors, he is a moral coward.;Al Gore;courage
Hope lies in dreams, in imagination, and in the courage of those who dare to make dreams into reality.;Jonas Salk;courage
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage.;Charles Luckman;courage
Audacity augments courage hesitation, fear.;Publilius Syrus;courage
For this equilibrium now in sight, let us trust that mankind, as it has occurred in the greatest periods of its past, will find for itself a new code of ethics, common to all, made of tolerance, of courage, and of faith in the Spirit of men.;Albert Claude;courage
The courage of very ordinary people is all that stands between us and the dark.;Pam Brown;courage
To live we must conquer incessantly, we must have the courage to be happy.;Henri Frederic Amiel;courage
I have the courage of my convictions.;Brigitte Bardot;courage
In all realms of life it takes courage to stretch your limits, express your power, and fulfill your potential... it's no different in the financial realm.;Suze Orman;courage
A wise woman knows how to summon her courage and do what is right, rather than what is easy.;Suze Orman;courage
It takes vision and courage to create - it takes faith and courage to prove.;Owen D. Young;courage
Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.;Paul Tillich;courage
The courage to be is rooted in the God who appears when God has disappeared in the anxiety of doubt.;Paul Tillich;courage
Soldiers, when committed to a task, can't compromise. It's unrelenting devotion to the standards of duty and courage, absolute loyalty to others, not letting the task go until it's been done.;John Keegan;courage
America needs jobs, smaller government, less spending and a president with the courage to offer more than yet another speech.;Rick Perry;courage
If we bring not the good courage of minds covetous of truth, and truth only, prepared to hear all things, and decide upon all things, according to evidence, we should do more wisely to sit down contented in ignorance, than to bestir ourselves only to reap disappointment.;Frances Wright;courage
I think there's a difference between ditzy and dumb. Dumb is just not knowing. Ditzy is having the courage to ask!;Jessica Simpson;courage
Values are principles and ideas that bring meaning to the seemingly mundane experience of life. A meaningful life that ultimately brings happiness and pride requires you to respond to temptations as well as challenges with honor, dignity, and courage.;Laura Schlessinger;courage
The test of courage comes when we are in the minority. The test of tolerance comes when we are in the majority.;Ralph W. Sockman;courage
So the brother in black offers to these United States the source of courage that endures, and laughter.;Zora Neale Hurston;courage
It requires greater courage to preserve inner freedom, to move on in one's inward journey into new realms, than to stand defiantly for outer freedom. It is often easier to play the martyr, as it is to be rash in battle.;Rollo May;courage
The best thing to do is stare it in the face and move on. We have to face our fears and plow through. I think taking chances takes a lot more courage than staying stagnant and doing what's safe and comfortable.;Terri Clark;courage
There's only one requirement of any of us, and that is to be courageous. Because courage, as you might know, defines all other human behavior. And, I believe - because I've done a little of this myself - pretending to be courageous is just as good as the real thing.;David Letterman;courage
Those who won our independence... valued liberty as an end and as a means. They believed liberty to be the secret of happiness and courage to be the secret of liberty.;Louis D. Brandeis;courage
And I think most people in this country want to see a president that's got the courage to say we're going to cut the tax burden, and reduce the regulatory climate, and we're going to get Americans working.;Rick Perry;courage
I have no physical courage, I've asked for a double.;Catherine Deneuve;courage
What has made America amazing has been the fact that throughout our history, throughout the more than 200 years of our history, there have been men and women of courage who stood up and decided it was more important to look out for the future of their children and their grandchildren than their own political futures.;Scott Walker;courage
Often the difference between a successful person and a failure is not one has better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to bet on one's ideas, to take a calculated risk - and to act.;Andre Malraux;courage
Courage is the ladder on which all the other virtues mount.;Clare Boothe Luce;courage
Courage is the capacity to confront what can be imagined.;Leo Rosten;courage
Patience, that blending of moral courage with physical timidity.;Thomas Hardy;courage
War alone brings up to their highest tension all human energies and imposes the stamp of nobility upon the peoples who have the courage to make it.;Benito Mussolini;courage
The last thing a woman will consent to discover in a man whom she loves, or on whom she simply depends, is want of courage.;Joseph Conrad;courage
Because with courage and conviction I believe we can deliver a more flexible, adaptable and open European Union in which the interests and ambitions of all its members can be met.;David Cameron;courage
Courage in danger is half the battle.;Plautus;courage
Courage easily finds its own eloquence.;Plautus;courage
Good courage in a bad affair is half of the evil overcome.;Plautus;courage
The courage of a soldier is found to be the cheapest and most common quality of human nature.;Edward Gibbon;courage
Courage is a special kind of knowledge: the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared.;David Ben-Gurion;courage
My mother taught me that we all have the power to achieve our dreams. What I lacked was the courage.;Clay Aiken;courage
Every man of courage is a man of his word.;Pierre Corneille;courage
A man of courage never needs weapons, but he may need bail.;Lewis Mumford;courage
As for courage and will - we cannot measure how much of each lies within us, we can only trust there will be sufficient to carry through trials which may lie ahead.;Andre Norton;courage
But courage which goes against military expediency is stupidity, or, if it is insisted upon by a commander, irresponsibility.;Erwin Rommel;courage
Cowardice and courage are never without a measure of affectation. Nor is love. Feelings are never true. They play with their mirrors.;Jean Baudrillard;courage
Let us go forth with fear and courage and rage to save the world.;Grace Paley;courage
Washington's answer to a self-inflicted financial crisis reminded Americans why they so deeply distrust the political class. The 'fiscal cliff' process was secretive and sloppy, and the nation's so-called leadership lacked the political courage to address our root problems: joblessness and debt.;Ron Fournier;courage
When you make that crossover from life to real life, when you're not treated as a child anymore but as a man, and you are no longer given the benefit of the doubt, it takes some courage to face that.;Ricky Williams;courage
Fashion should not be expected to serve in the stead of courage or character.;Loretta Young;courage
We're going to be OK because of the American people. They have more grit, determination and courage than you can imagine.;Joe Biden;courage
At the same time, I would add that the American people have a lot of courage.;Tadao Ando;courage
It takes a lot of courage to face up to things you can't do because we feed ourselves so much denial.;Zoe Saldana;courage
Never undertake anything for which you wouldn't have the courage to ask the blessings of heaven.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;courage
