Madonna is a pro. I don't like her and have no respect for her but- I don't think she should be called a musician or a dancer or whatever you know, but I do have, well I do have respect for her ability to completely manipulate the media and have them work for her.;Jon Fishman;respect
So that, to me, is important that audiences are treated with an amount of respect toward their intelligence. Most Hollywood films don't respect their intelligence.;Eriq La Salle;respect
You don't stay married for thirty-nine years because of sex or even because of love, but because your partner is a real friend to you, because they respect and regard you.;Olympia Dukakis;respect
Willing or preferring is the same with respect to good and evil, that judging is with respect to truth or falsehood.;Anthony Collins;respect
The reason it has relevance is because I, as a popular Arab personality - the Arab people like me and respect me - thought it was time for me to make an ever so tiny statement about what I thought about this whole thing.;Omar Sharif;respect
I think the crux of the matter was that if we were going to become partners in, for example, the International Space Station, we had to gain the respect of a country like the United States and particularly its space organization, NASA.;Marc Garneau;respect
We are talking about someone who has lived. It must be honored in every respect. The fictional can take any kind of channel - according to the actor's marriage to the character.;Kate Mulgrew;respect
Other bands gave us lip service, but when it came down to it they kind of backed off. That was a little disheartening. But I respect them. That's their business.;Mike McCready;respect
I have great respect for directors who know what they're doing.;Bill Mumy;respect
Lately I did a film called All I Want for Christmas and it was well received. This gave me a new point of view and a new respect for my work as an actress.;Sarah Polley;respect
Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it be morrow.;William Shakespeare;romantic
Deceiving others. That is what the world calls a romance.;Oscar Wilde;romantic
The word 'romance,' according to the dictionary, means excitement, adventure, and something extremely real. Romance should last a lifetime.;Billy Graham;romantic
A tramp, a gentleman, a poet, a dreamer, a lonely fellow, always hopeful of romance and adventure.;Charlie Chaplin;romantic
Romantic love is mental illness. But it's a pleasurable one. It's a drug. It distorts reality, and that's the point of it. It would be impossible to fall in love with someone that you really saw.;Fran Lebowitz;romantic
Most cynics are really crushed romantics: they've been hurt, they're sensitive, and their cynicism is a shell that's protecting this tiny, dear part in them that's still alive.;Jeff Bridges;romantic
Morning without you is a dwindled dawn.;Emily Dickinson;romantic
I am certain of nothing but the holiness of the heart's affections, and the truth of imagination.;John Keats;romantic
Wine comes in at the mouth And love comes in at the eye That's all we shall know for truth Before we grow old and die.;William Butler Yeats;romantic
When men attempt bold gestures, generally it's considered romantic. When women do it, it's often considered desperate or psycho.;Sarah Jessica Parker;romantic
I'm a romantic a sentimental person thinks things will last, a romantic person hopes against hope that they won't.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;romantic
French is the language that turns dirt into romance.;Stephen King;romantic
Romantic love is an illusion. Most of us discover this truth at the end of a love affair or else when the sweet emotions of love lead us into marriage and then turn down their flames.;Thomas Moore;romantic
We owe to the Middle Ages the two worst inventions of humanity - romantic love and gunpowder.;Andre Maurois;romantic
Romance is tempestuous. Love is calm.;Mason Cooley;romantic
Some say that the age of chivalry is past, that the spirit of romance is dead. The age of chivalry is never past, so long as there is a wrong left unredressed on earth.;Charles Kingsley;romantic
I'm a romantic, and we romantics are more sensitive to the way people feel. We love more, and we hurt more. When we're hurt, we hurt for a long time.;Freddy Fender;romantic
You begin saving the world by saving one man at a time all else is grandiose romanticism or politics.;Charles Bukowski;romantic
The telephone, which interrupts the most serious conversations and cuts short the most weighty observations, has a romance of its own.;Virginia Woolf;romantic
The romantic love we feel toward the opposite sex is probably one extra help from God to bring you together, but that's it. All the rest of it, the true love, is the test.;Joan Chen;romantic
Wave after wave of love flooded the stage and washed over me, the beginning of the one great durable romance of my life.;Bette Davis;romantic
Too many women throw themselves into romance because they're afraid of being single, then start making compromises and losing their identity. I won't do that.;Julie Delpy;romantic
I think romance is anything honest. As long as it's honest, it's so disarming.;Kristen Stewart;romantic
Romance is thinking about your significant other, when you are supposed to be thinking about something else.;Nicholas Sparks;romantic
You know, maybe I was just born in the wrong time, but I love all things romantic. Puffy understands that. For my last birthday, he covered my hotel room floor with rose petals and had flowers and candles all over the room.;Jennifer Lopez;romantic
Romance is everything.;Gertrude Stein;romantic
The more we are filled with thoughts of lust the less we find true romantic love.;Douglas Horton;romantic
Remember, beneath every cynic there lies a romantic, and probably an injured one.;Glenn Beck;romantic
The romantic embrace can only be compared with music and with prayer.;Havelock Ellis;romantic
The curse of the romantic is a greed for dreams, an intensity of expectation that, in the end, diminishes the reality.;Marya Mannes;romantic
Since I was seventeen I thought I might be a star. I'd think about all my heroes, Charlie Parker, Jimi Hendrix... I had a romantic feeling about how these people became famous.;Jean-Michel Basquiat;romantic
I think the American West really attracts me because it's romantic. The desert, the empty space, the drama.;Ang Lee;romantic
I'm a feminist, but I think that romance has been taken away a bit for my generation. I think what people connect with in novels is this idea of an overpowering, encompassing love - and it being more important and special than anything and everything else.;Emma Watson;romantic
I believe that when you're in love you have to pour your heart and soul out to your partner... or why bother? So in that sense I'm an incurable romantic when it comes to men.;Cameron Diaz;romantic
Romance like a ghost escapes touching it is always where you are not, not where you are. The interview or conversation was prose at the time, but it is poetry in the memory.;George William Curtis;romantic
There's something really great and romantic about being poor and sleeping on couches.;Ben Affleck;romantic
In real love you want the other person's good. In romantic love you want the other person.;Margaret Anderson;romantic
There are certain romances that belong in certain cities, in a certain atmosphere, in a certain time.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;romantic
There's something about the sound of a train that's very romantic and nostalgic and hopeful.;Paul Simon;romantic
I'm very romantic, I'm extremely romantic. I date my wife.;Alice Cooper;romantic
I used to try to draw my girlfriends. I think one of the most romantic things that anybody can do is draw a portrait of the person you love.;Nick Carter;romantic
Romance is dead - it was acquired in a hostile takeover by Hallmark and Disney, homogenized, and sold off piece by piece.;Yeardley Smith;romantic
I love being one half of a romantic couple.;Julianna Margulies;romantic
That on a romantic level, if you feel it about somebody and it's pure, it means that they do too.;Sean Penn;romantic
The essence of romantic love is that wonderful beginning, after which sadness and impossibility may become the rule.;Anita Brookner;romantic
I have to be asked, I guess, but I love the idea of marriage. I think it's beautiful. I'm such a romantic, and I always have been.;Portia de Rossi;romantic
Personally, I can't see why it would be any less romantic to find a husband in a nice four-color catalogue than in the average downtown bar at happy hour.;Barbara Ehrenreich;romantic
Middle age is when a guy keeps turning off lights for economical rather than romantic reasons.;Lillian Gordy Carter;romantic
I was married when I was 17. I knew nothing. I was full of romance.;Gloria Swanson;romantic
Yeah, but there's nobody who represents romance to me like Cary Grant.;Aaron Eckhart;romantic
The American is wholeheartedly for love and romance at any cost.;Leslie Caron;romantic
I'm a hopeless romantic. It's disgusting. It really is. I've seen 'While You Were Sleeping', like, twenty times, and I still believe in the whole Prince Charming thing.;Jennifer Love Hewitt;romantic
Tradition wears a snowy beard, romance is always young.;John Greenleaf Whittier;romantic
Therapy was the biggest romance of my life.;Dar Williams;romantic
I'm a dreadful romantic. No matter what I go through in life, I want to fall in love with a man.;Rachel Hunter;romantic
My idea of a romantic night is to watch action films.;Corey Hart;romantic
I don't like to search too much. I find it is easier when romance finds you.;Michelle Trachtenberg;romantic
If a June night could talk, it would probably boast it invented romance.;Bernard Williams;romantic
Romance is mush, stifling those who strive.;Billy Strayhorn;romantic
Am I a romantic? I've seen 'Wuthering Heights' ten times. I'm a romantic.;Johnny Depp;romantic
I think it's important to have closure in any relationship that ends - from a romantic relationship to a friendship. You should always have a sense of clarity at the end and know why it began and why it ended. You need that in your life to move cleanly into your next phase.;Jennifer Aniston;romantic
We believe that according the name 'investors' to institutions that trade actively is like calling someone who repeatedly engages in one-night stands a 'romantic.';Warren Buffett;romantic
I'm into all that sappy stuff - a surprise picnic, nice dinner, or traveling. I'm kind of an old romantic.;Will Estes;romantic
I'm always trying to reach a transcendent point, a romantic point, but reach it in a really unconventional way, a really profane way. To get to that romantic, touching, heartbreaking place, but through a lot of acts of profanity.;Chuck Palahniuk;romantic
You know, the man of my dreams might walk round the corner tomorrow. I'm older and wiser and I think I'd make a great girlfriend. I live in the realm of romantic possibility.;Stevie Nicks;romantic
I love romantic poetry.;Richard Dawkins;romantic
It is the addition of strangeness to beauty that constitutes the romantic character in art.;Walter Hagen;romantic
When men hear women want a commitment, they think it means commitment to a romantic relationship, but that's not it. It's a commitment to not floating around anymore. I want a guy who is entrenched in his own life. Entrenched is awesome.;Mindy Kaling;romantic
You know, I always got offered other stuff. Not the romantic leads, obviously. But very often it's a role that's underwritten, where the character has no personality at all. And they need a character actor who can fill it in.;Harvey Fierstein;romantic
I think I'll always be a hopeless romantic.;Kim Kardashian;romantic
Everyone who knows me knows that I'm a hopeless romantic who listens to love ballads and doo-wop songs all the time.;Henry Rollins;romantic
I am a hopeless romantic and I love to spoil my girlfriends.;Orlando Bloom;romantic
It is really rare to find someone you really, really love and that you want to spend your life with and all that stuff that goes along with being married. I am one of those lucky people. And I think she feels that way too. So the romantic stuff is easy because you want them to be happy.;Harry Connick, Jr.;romantic
The compensation of a very early success is a conviction that life is a romantic matter. In the best sense one stays young.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;romantic
By all but the pathologically romantic, it is now recognized that this is not the age of the small man.;John Kenneth Galbraith;romantic
I think I meant that, given the circumstances of my childhood, I had the illusion that it's easier to be alone. To have your relationships be casual and also to pose as a solitary person, because it was more romantic. You know, I was raised on the idea of the ramblin' man and the loner.;Steve Martin;romantic
If you're a woman and a guy's ever said anything romantic to you, he just left off the second part that would have made you sick if you could have heard it.;Louis C. K.;romantic
Stand-up is like a row boat: it's fun and romantic when you're choosing to do it. But if you have no other choice than to be in a row boat it's not as enjoyable that's survival.;Demetri Martin;romantic
I love surprises - champagne and strawberries, all that pampering, romantic stuff. Guys ought to know how to pamper their women properly.;Danica McKellar;romantic
If a man lets all of my dogs sleep in the bed with us, then that is the most romantic thing. You must love my dogs in order to love me. A man who is nice to my animals and doesn't shoo them away - well, that's the height of romance.;Salma Hayek;romantic
It took me twenty years to get Steven Parrino's work. From the time I first saw his art, in the mid-eighties, I almost always dismissed it as mannered, Romantic, formulaic, conceptualist-formalist heavy-metal boy-art abstraction.;Jerry Saltz;romantic
My greatest environments in which I can grow, or grow up, is in personal romantic relationships with a man.;Alanis Morissette;romantic
My dream role would probably be a psycho killer, because the whole thing I love about movies is that you get to do things you could never do in real life, and that would be my way of vicariously experiencing being a psycho killer. Also, it's incredibly romantic.;Christina Ricci;romantic
Death was like love, a romantic escape.;Brigitte Bardot;romantic
As far as the lack of hits goes, I think perhaps it's because I've played a lot of different roles and have not created a persona that the public can latch on to. I have played everything from psychopathic killers to romantic leading men, and in picking such diverse roles I have avoided typecasting.;Jeff Bridges;romantic
The concept of romantic love affords a means of emotional manipulation which the male is free to exploit, since love is the only circumstance in which the female is (ideologically) pardoned for sexual activity.;Kate Millett;romantic
In the early days of Christianity the exercise of chastity was frequently combined with a close and romantic intimacy of affection between the sexes which shocked austere moralists.;Havelock Ellis;romantic
Satan, really, is the romantic youth of Jesus re-appearing for a moment.;James Joyce;romantic
I love jazz music and sad music. I'm a sentimental guy. I'm a romantic guy.;Fred Durst;romantic
