The magazine, the daytime show, we've always tried to write affordable, accessible. Those are key words for us, and I do mean us, a huge staff of people at the magazine who love to cook affordable, friendly food that helps families eat better for less.;Rachael Ray;food
You know, food is such - it's a hug for people.;Rachael Ray;food
My husband cooks fancier food for himself than I've ever cooked on-air. I call him from the road, and he's making champagne-vanilla salmon or black-cherry pork chop. Half of me is feeling unworthy. Not only am I not a chef, I'm not a better cook than my own husband!;Rachael Ray;food
It only looks like I get to eat a lot of food on TV. I really just get the one bite and the crew and guests eat everything else.;Rachael Ray;food
When I do a 30-minute meal, for instance, on Food Network, that's my food you see at the end of the show and it's not perfect. And if sometimes things break or drop or the pasta hits the wall when I'm draining it, they never stop tape. They just kind of let me go with it.;Rachael Ray;food
My mom, who's been in the restaurant business for 40 years, is the number-one influence in my life. But I look up to a lot of people in the industry. Tops on my list is Mario Batali. My mom and Mario taught me the same lesson: Food is love.;Rachael Ray;food
Good food and a warm kitchen are what makes a house a home. I always tried to make my home like my mother's, because Mom was magnificent at stretching a buck when it came to decorating and food. Like a true Italian, she valued beautification in every area of her life, and I try to do the same.;Rachael Ray;food
I would say, stay the hell away from the party scene. Anything you put in front of your goal, and especially something like that, whether it's too much gambling, too much food, too much cold beers on the weekend - anything that you put in front of the prize is going to end up getting in the way and hurting you in the end.;Brad Renfro;food
A human being has been given an intellect to make choices, and we know there are other food sources that do not require the killing of a creature that would protest being killed.;Mary Tyler Moore;food
A lot of people think Japanese food is difficult, a lot of work. But you don't have to buy the knife I have. You don't have to train as long as I have. You can do my cooking in your kitchen.;Masaharu Morimoto;food
My late wife Olympia was Goan and I've been to India many times. I love the food there. We used to do our shopping in Southall, where you can find cheap but wonderful fruit like mangoes, vegetables and spices. I didn't do much of the cooking, as Olympia did a lot - I was the under-chef and did some of the chopping.;Vince Cable;food
The food in the House of Commons is fairly good. The cafe in Portcullis House is really very high quality, and you also have a choice of eating in the more traditional restaurants, the Churchill Room or the Members' Dining Room. I don't often eat in them, though, as I'm usually on the run.;Vince Cable;food
I love spicy food.;Cynthia Nixon;food
I feed my kids organic food and milk, but I've also been known to buy the odd Lunchable. My kids are not allowed to watch TV during the week, but on weekends even the 2-year-old veges out to 'The Simpsons.';Ayelet Waldman;food
It makes me so angry - there's enough food in the world but people are starving. It's all political.;Judith Light;food
Clearly, America's dysfunctional food culture must bear some of the blame for our excess pounds, but it's likely our walking-averse lifestyles contribute as well.;Andrew Weil;food
Everyone prefers some foods over others, but some adults take this tendency to an extreme. These people tend to prefer the kinds of bland food they may have enjoyed as children - such as plain or buttered pasta, macaroni and cheese, cheese pizza, French fries and grilled cheese sandwiches - and to restrict their eating to just a few dishes.;Andrew Weil;food
It does kids no favors, and sets them up for a potential lifetime of poor health and social embarrassment, to excuse them from family meals of real food. Everyone benefits from healthy eating, but it is particularly crucial at the beginning of life.;Andrew Weil;food
A lot of times on tour it's about, 'OK, where am I today? Wow, I'm in Costa Rica. What is their famous dish?' And it's about trying the food, and really experiencing it.;Fergie;food
I can safely say that other than macaroni and cheese, there's no processed food in my life. There's no inorganic food in my life these days. There's no junk food. There's not a lot of sugar. There's no soy. I mean, really everything that's going into my body is pretty pure.;Ginnifer Goodwin;food
There is no reasoning, no process of inference or comparison there is no thinking about things, no putting two and two together there are no ideas - the animal does not think of the box or of the food or of the act he is to perform.;Edward Thorndike;food
If newspapers were a baseball team, they would be the Mets - without the hope for those folks at the very pinnacle of the financial food chain - who average nearly $24 million a year in income - 'next year.';Eric Alterman;food
The most used piece of kit in my kitchen is my saucepan. I use it every morning to cook my porridge in. The least used piece of equipment? I'd say a food mixer. I've never used it, I don't really know what they're for.;David Walliams;food
When I want comfort food, I buy Maltesers. I like all chocolates, but especially those. You can eat them, and because they're so light, you can convince yourself that they are not actually that fattening.;David Walliams;food
Anybody who finds it easy to make money on the horses is probably in the dog food business.;Franklin P. Jones;food
I love 'Top Chef.' I think it rewrote the book on how food shows are presented on TV.;Andy Cohen;food
St. Louis has a lot of weird food customs that you don't see other places - and a lot of great ethnic neighborhoods. There's a German neighborhood. A great old school Italian neighborhood, with toasted ravioli, which seems to be a St. Louis tradition. And they love provolone cheese in St. Louis.;Andy Cohen;food
Customers want good value, but they care more than ever how food and clothing products are made.;Stuart Rose;food
People ask me how I keep my figure, and I tell them it's because I paint. When you're covered in paint, it's quite hard to put food in your mouth!;Jane Seymour;food
It is great to add some glamour to the food industry, like television shows have done for the food world and inspiring people to work in the industry. The flip side of that is unfortunately people think that after they get their qualifications, they get their invitation to compete on 'Top Chef.';Curtis Stone;food
There are probably close to a million people in the hospitality industry here in the United States, and there are probably only a few hundred opportunities in the food media industry.;Curtis Stone;food
For me, food is all about balance. If you eat plenty of fruits, vegetables, and an appropriate amount of poultry, fish, and red meat that are sourced from good places, you're doing well. It's important to make sure that the meat you're consuming is hormone-free.;Curtis Stone;food
In my travels, I also noticed that kids in Thailand like spicy food, and kids in India love curry. I'm hoping to introduce my son, Hudson, to lots of veggies and spices when he's young. I say that before he's started on solid foods, so it could be easier in theory than practice!;Curtis Stone;food
I need protein from food rather than just protein supplements. I changed my diet.;Travis Barker;food
The best thing you can do for someone is make them a beautiful plate of food. How else can you invade someone's body without actually touching them?;Padma Lakshmi;food
Wine, like food, is so emotional. If you think about it, so much of the courting ritual is surrounded by wine and food. There's a built-in romance to wine.;Padma Lakshmi;food
I really like to sometimes go into food detox and eat very simply.;Padma Lakshmi;food
Part of my job as a food writer is to describe food. So my work on 'Top Chef,' I feel, is an extension of that. When we give a criticism to the contestant, we want to make sure we tell them why it's not working and why it would work if they did it a different way.;Padma Lakshmi;food
From the simple stringing together of lemon garlands for the goddess Durga, to dividing the prasadam or blessed foods for the children first, I came to associate food not only with feminity, but also with purity and divinity.;Padma Lakshmi;food
We tend to connect bad food and bad habits with romance and sex.;Marilu Henner;food
Australia is the only island continent on the planet, which means that changes caused by planet-warming pollution - warmer seas, which can drive stronger storms, and more acidic oceans, which wreak havoc on the food chain - are even more deadly here.;Jeff Goodell;food
With nine degrees of warming, computer models project that Australia will look like a disaster movie. Habitats for most vertebrates will vanish. Water supply to the Murray-Darling Basin will fall by half, severely curtailing food production.;Jeff Goodell;food
They're now turning those seeds into intellectual property, so they have a virtual lock on the seeds upon which we all depend for our food and survival.;Jeremy Rifkin;food
We are already producing enough food to feed the world. We already have technology in place that allows us to produce more than we can find a market for.;Jeremy Rifkin;food
The American public is not aware that there might be potential allergenic and toxic reactions. With regular food, at least people know which foods they have an allergy to.;Jeremy Rifkin;food
The public should know that the liability issues here have yet to be resolved, or even raised. If you're a farmer and you're growing a genetically engineering food crop, those genes are going to flow to the other farm.;Jeremy Rifkin;food
I love Alton Brown's show 'Good Eats,' about the chemistry of food. It's really thoughtful.;Ina Garten;food
The thing about all my food is that everything is a remembered flavor. Maybe it's something I had as a child or maybe it's something I had in Milan, but I want it to taste better than you ever thought.;Ina Garten;food
I worked for the Office of Management and Budget in the White House, on nuclear energy policy. But I decided it would be much more fun to have a specialty food store, so I left Washington D.C. and moved to the Hamptons. And how glad I am that I did!;Ina Garten;food
There's nothing more romantic than Italian food.;Elisha Cuthbert;food
No, I love Montreal... I think I love Montreal more than Montreal loves me... I love the food there.;Kathy Griffin;food
Food is my thing, I do not smoke or drink, so food is my vice.;Kathy Griffin;food
I just don't crave junk food.;Cat Deeley;food
I don't feel any pressure to lose weight - and in any case, if I didn't have my food I'd be a nasty piece of work and wouldn't be able to function.;Cat Deeley;food
I want to make wines that harmonize with food - wines that almost hug your tongue with gentleness.;Robert Mondavi;food
It's my first presenting role so I'll be nervous, but it's going to be great fun. I can't wait to sample the food and meet the celebrities. Hopefully I can inject some of my own glamour.;Nicole Appleton;food
High-quality food is better for your health.;Michael Pollan;food
Let's keep the chemists over here and the food over here, that's my feeling. What do I know? But that is a big aspect of fast food is their ability to artificially taint the colors and the smells and stuff to stimulate appetite.;Greg Kinnear;food
They did interviews with my wife and daughter-they were genuinely in fear of me having a heart attack, working 20 hours a day, eating fast food.;Willie Aames;food
In England and America people tend to graze all day long, but I think it's such a waste to be constantly picking at food because you then can't enjoy a proper full meal when the time comes.;Nigella Lawson;food
I have an enormous fondness for delicious food. It's very comforting.;Teri Garr;food
Long as I was riding in a big Cadillac and dressed nice and had plenty of food, that's all I cared about.;Etta James;food
Food is meant to be used as fuel for our bodies. If you're using it for any other reasons, take a step back and ask yourself, 'What's up.';Jennifer Hudson;food
I wanted to be a great white hunter, a prospector for gold, or a slave trader. But then, when I was eight, my parents sent me to a boarding school in South Africa. It was the equivalent of a British public school with cold showers, beatings and rotten food. But what it also had was a library full of books.;Wilbur Smith;food
Even though I grew up as a Sephardic Jew in Brooklyn where we ate Syrian food and went to temple, it was still America.;Isaac Mizrahi;food
Most of my life I was occupied with American television and American food. My ethnicity was my choice. It still is.;Isaac Mizrahi;food
I'm not really into gourmet food I'm the kind of guy who just stops by a place that looks good rather than heading for the restaurant of the moment.;Lee Child;food
I love Italian food but that's too generic a term for what's available now: you have to narrow it down to Tuscan, Sicilian, and so on.;Lee Child;food
I'm obsessed with food!;Sofia Vergara;food
It's easy to be lazy when there's food lying around backstage or there's a fast-food joint a couple blocks away. But if you walk a little further, ask around a bit, of course there are exciting things to discover.;Alex Kapranos;food
The wonderful thing about Food for Thought is that it lets you keep your hand in theater and be in front of a live audience without a commitment of six months, or even three months.;Treat Williams;food
Food was a constant topic of conversation in our household.;Paul Lynde;food
Every country can be defined through their food, their music and their language. That's the soul of a country.;Quincy Jones;food
I have a fear of poverty in old age. I have this vision of myself living in a skip and eating cat food. It's because I'm freelance, and I've never had a proper job. I don't have a pension, and my savings are dwindling. I always thought someone would just come along and look after me.;Jenny Eclair;food
For much of the female half of the world, food is the first signal of our inferiority. It lets us know that our own families may consider female bodies to be less deserving, less needy, less valuable.;Gloria Steinem;food
My grandmother was the greatest cook in the world. She could just go in there, the whole kitchen would look like a tornado hit it and then she'd come out with the best food. Then she'd sit at the table and she wouldn't eat!;Edie Brickell;food
Absolutely, there is a connection between food and love. I always say, when there's love in my heart or I'm feeling particularly good, the food comes out that much better. And so I think Valentine's Day is a special day.;Todd English;food
When the farmer can sell directly to the consumer, it is a more active process. There's more contact. The consumer can know, who am I buying this from? What's their name? Do they have a face? Is the food they are selling coming out of Mexico with pesticides?;Jerry Brown;food
All I ever wanted to do was to make food accessible to everyone to show that you can make mistakes - I do all the time - but it doesn't matter.;Jamie Oliver;food
It's very clear that there's a lot of double standards going on. Should there be a 30mph speed limit? Of course there bloody should. And certainly with kids and school food, kids need to be nannied for sure. So give them a bloody good meal at school.;Jamie Oliver;food
If you only design menus that are essentially junk or fast food, the whole infrastructure supports junk.;Jamie Oliver;food
Give your kids a bloody knife and fork and let me put some fresh food in front of them they can eat.;Jamie Oliver;food
Heads know that failing to invest in good, nutritious food is a false economy and parents won't tolerate reconstituted turkey being put back on the menu.;Jamie Oliver;food
I want Americans to enjoy food. I want them to celebrate food. I want them to, on occasions, to have big cakes and great things. And I want them to indulge.;Jamie Oliver;food
I wouldn't say that processed food, ready meals and even takeaways aren't relevant to modern life, it's just that over the past 40 years there are three generations of people who have come out of school and gone through their home life without ever being shown how to cook properly.;Jamie Oliver;food
The average housewife goes to the restaurant to relax and enjoy the food. But when Eva walks in, she becomes the center of attention.;Eva Gabor;food
Your diet is a bank account. Good food choices are good investments.;Bethenny Frankel;food
Never eat while doing something else, because you won't get the satisfaction from your food and you'll be more likely to overeat.;Bethenny Frankel;food
Food is not your best friend or enemy.;Bethenny Frankel;food
Part of treatment for drugs and alcohol is you abstain from these, but with eating disorders you can't abstain from food so the treatment is longer than drugs and alcohol.;Carre Otis;food
You have to find a balance with food in your life - you can't take out food. It can be absolutely terrifying.;Carre Otis;food
While weight loss is important, what's more important is the quality of food you put in your body - food is information that quickly changes your metabolism and genes.;Mark Hyman;food
A dead cow or sheep lying in a pasture is recognized as carrion. The same sort of a carcass dressed and hung up in a butcher's stall passes as food.;John Harvey Kellogg;food
The food in such places is so tasteless because the members associate spices and garlic with just the sort of people they're trying to keep out.;Calvin Trillin;food
When it comes to Chinese food I have always operated under the policy that the less known about the preparation the better. A wise diner who is invited to visit the kitchen replies by saying, as politely as possible, that he has a pressing engagement elsewhere.;Calvin Trillin;food
I don't think I've ever read a food piece or a food book.;Calvin Trillin;food
I don't cook. I don't know anything about food. I've never reviewed a restaurant.;Calvin Trillin;food
Canadians are very well behaved, they don't throw their food.;Calvin Trillin;food
Be what you would seem to be - or, if you'd like it put more simply - a house is no home unless it contains food and fire for the mind as well as the body.;Margaret Fuller;food
