I paint what cannot be photographed, that which comes from the imagination or from dreams, or from an unconscious drive.;Man Ray;dreams
Today, I'm very happy about myself, because I realized my dreams. I learned how to understand what people want.;Roberto Cavalli;dreams
Within our dreams and aspirations we find our opportunities.;Sugar Ray Leonard;dreams
Dream the impossible because dreams do come true.;Elijah Wood;dreams
The American Dream has run out of gas. The car has stopped. It no longer supplies the world with its images, its dreams, its fantasies. No more. It's over. It supplies the world with its nightmares now: the Kennedy assassination, Watergate, Vietnam.;J. G. Ballard;dreams
We've removed the ceiling above our dreams. There are no more impossible dreams.;Jesse Jackson;dreams
Women are not in love with me but with the picture of me on the screen. I am merely the canvas on which women paint their dreams.;Rudolph Valentino;dreams
Dreams become reality when we put our minds to it.;Queen Latifah;dreams
The readers are the ones who let us live our dreams. I try to write books which are really compelling - that you'd take on vacation and rather than going out, you'd read in your hotel room because you had to find out what happened. Hopefully that's what readers are responding to.;Harlan Coben;dreams
Men don't come up to you to just talk. We come up to you with a plan. We're looking across the room at you, and we don't care about your hopes and dreams. We don't care about what your future holds. We saw something we wanted.;Steve Harvey;dreams
It's not like I don't have my own wants and dreams anymore - it's just that the kids come first. It's primal.;Angie Harmon;dreams
One day it just hit me. This is it. You are not in love. So either stay in it because you have a child or be brave and find the man of your dreams and marry him for real.;Brandy Norwood;dreams
Dreams are where we visit the many lands and landscapes of human possibility and discover the one where we feel at home. The great religious leaders were all dreamers.;Jonathan Sacks;dreams
Dreaming in public is an important part of our job description, as science writers, but there are bad dreams as well as good dreams. We're dreamers, you see, but we're also realists, of a sort.;William Gibson;dreams
As you look back at your life, there are just a million different things that have happened, just in the right way, to allow you to make your dreams come true. And you know, someone has all that under control.;Michael P. Anderson;dreams
In a couple, sometimes, one or both people have to give up their personal life, dreams and ambitions for the good of the family.;Monica Bellucci;dreams
Men never cling to their dreams with such tenacity as at the moment when they are losing faith in them, and know it, but do not dare yet to confess it to themselves.;William Graham Sumner;dreams
Take what you can from your dreams, make them as real as anything.;Dave Matthews;dreams
God, that dumping ground of our dreams.;Jean Rostand;dreams
I am consumed with the fear of failing. Reaching deep down and finding confidence has made all my dreams come true.;Arsenio Hall;dreams
What better model of a synthesis than a nocturnal dream? Dreams simplify, don't they?;Manuel Puig;dreams
After having done this whole slew of press for 'Big Love,' now I'll have anxiety dreams for like a week and a half about all the stupid things I said. I can't even imagine being in front of the cameras all the time. I had a weird dream the other night that I was on 'Jersey Shore.';Chloe Sevigny;dreams
Even having to do the amount of press that I have to do is dreadful and gives me so much anxiety. After having done this whole slew of press for 'Big Love,' now I'll have anxiety dreams for like a week and a half about all the stupid things I said.;Chloe Sevigny;dreams
Barack Obama knows that to create an economy built to last, we need to focus on middle-class families. Families who stay up on Sunday nights pacing the floor, like my dad did, while their children, tucked in bed, dream big dreams. Families who aren't sure what Monday morning will bring, but who believe our nation's best days are still ahead.;Charles Schumer;dreams
When we are motivated by goals that have deep meaning, by dreams that need completion, by pure love that needs expressing, then we truly live.;Greg Anderson;dreams
The permanent temptation of life is to confuse dreams with reality. The permanent defeat of life comes when dreams are surrendered to reality.;James A. Michener;dreams
Everyone wants to look their best, everyone has dreams of wanting to look like something else. But we are who we are.;Samantha Morton;dreams
I say to my colleagues never confine your best work, your hopes, your dreams, the aspiration of the American people to what will be signed by George W. Bush because that is too limiting a factor.;Nancy Pelosi;dreams
Prime Minister Sharon, Prime Minister Abbas, I urge you today to end the designs of those who seek destruction, annihilation and occupation, and I urge you to have the will and the courage to begin to realize our dreams of peace, prosperity and coexistence.;King Abdullah II;dreams
I'm not certain, but I have a little gypsy blood in me. And my mother always told me that her grandma could give someone the evil eye, and I'd better not cross her because she had some of that blood in her. Mother always believed that she could predict the future, and she had dreams that came true.;Sam Raimi;dreams
The atmosphere is much too near for dreams. It forces us to action. It is close to us. We are in it and of it. It rouses us both to study and to do. We must know its moods and also its motive forces.;Cleveland Abbe;dreams
You know, one of my biggest dreams in life is to play a Disney princess.;Ginnifer Goodwin;dreams
When I look back over my life it's almost as if there was a plan laid out for me - from the little girl who was so passionate about animals who longed to go to Africa and whose family couldn't afford to put her through college. Everyone laughed at my dreams. I was supposed to be a secretary in Bournemouth.;Jane Goodall;dreams
Always wear cute pyjamas to bed, you'll never know who u will meet in your dreams.;Joel Madden;dreams
A player dreams of being a superstar, but he doesn't want people flocking all over him asking for an autograph.;Dennis Rodman;dreams
They should invent some way to tape-record your dreams. I've written songs in my dreams that were Beatles songs. Then I'd wake up and they'd be gone.;Alice Cooper;dreams
The Columbia is lost, but the dreams that inspired its crew remain with us.;Dick Cheney;dreams
Cherish your visions and your dreams, as they are the children of your soul the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.;Napolean Hill;dreams
Never set limits, go after your dreams, don't be afraid to push the boundaries. And laugh a lot - it's good for you!;Paula Radcliffe;dreams
I want to help children in Serbia and around the world so they can realize their dreams.;Novak Djokovic;dreams
Those born into poverty or on the margins of society require our extra support to realize their dreams.;Novak Djokovic;dreams
I know it sounds corny, but when you follow your dreams, it happens. And if it's music, take it seriously.;Enrique Iglesias;dreams
There's a lot of blood, sweat, and guts between dreams and success.;Paul Bryant;dreams
You have the dreams that you want, and then you have to do other jobs until you can get to that dream.;Channing Tatum;dreams
I save my dreams and hopes for my kids. When I'm making a wish under a bridge or tunnel, it's always for them.;Alison Sweeney;dreams
If I thought that any of this was pre ordained, then it takes away any kind of incentive to struggle, or to put up with things, to reach for those impossible dreams, all those dramatic things.;Gary Numan;dreams
I think basically becoming famous has taken the place of going to Heaven in modern society, hasn't it? That's the place where your dreams will come true. It's an act of faith now they think that's going to sort things out.;Jarvis Cocker;dreams
When violence becomes imbedded in a region, then this affects everything. It affects your dreams, your fantasies and relationships, and your religion becomes violent, too.;Karen Armstrong;dreams
There's a line I have that our family was designed more for public than for private. But there are definitely some things that are only mine. I am someone who dreams at night, and you don't know what I'm dreaming.;Carrie Fisher;dreams
My father, his spirit is with me constantly, and I'm a believer in that world and the world of dreams and that stuff.;Ziggy Marley;dreams
I've never been bashful to say that I'm not really interested in Formula One. When I lived in England, it's all I wanted to do and I thought that anything else would somehow be a compromise to my dreams. But then when I came back to the States, I realised how much I loved being back in the States.;Danica Patrick;dreams
I've been interested in dreams since I as a kid and I've wanted to do a film about them for a long time.;Christopher Nolan;dreams
But I have been interested in dreams, really since I was a kid. I have always been fascinated by the idea that your mind, when you are asleep, can create a world in a dream and you are perceiving it as though it really existed.;Christopher Nolan;dreams
The buildings that I build very often have a dreamlike reality. I don't mean by that they have a fantasy quality at all, in fact quite the reverse. They contain in some degree the ingredients that give dreams their power... stuff that's very close to us.;Christopher Alexander;dreams
Freedom is not an ideal, it is not even a protection, if it means nothing more than freedom to stagnate, to live without dreams, to have no greater aim than a second car and another television set.;Adlai Stevenson;dreams
I think cinema is closer to allegories than to reality. It's closer to our dreams.;Manuel Puig;dreams
There is hope in dreams, imagination, and in the courage of those who wish to make those dreams a reality.;Jonas Salk;dreams
In my wildest dreams, I could not have imagined a sweeter life.;Hugh Hefner;dreams
Vain hopes are like certain dreams of those who wake.;Quintilian;dreams
My professional dreams were coming true while I was living a personal nightmare.;Dane Cook;dreams
My dreams are all follies.;Taylor Caldwell;dreams
Dreams have always expanded our understanding of reality by challenging our boundaries of the real, of the possible.;Henry Reed;dreams
It has never been my object to record my dreams, just the determination to realize them.;Man Ray;dreams
We used to talk about wanting to get some money, but that's when hip-hop was based on your dreams and your fantasy. The whole thing now is the dreams and fantasies were achieved, and you don't want to make it the focal point. You can't keep beating that dead horse.;Puff Daddy;dreams
My mother was always working for a job, so I guess I was always trained that I should have multiple jobs, multiple aspirations. And I remember she had multiple aspirations, always hearing about her dreams and things she did in the past and things she wanted to do.;Puff Daddy;dreams
Good dreams don't come cheap, you've got to pay for them and If you just dream when you're asleep this is no way for them to come alive... to survive.;Harry Chapin;dreams
I was always someone who lived in the future all the time, it was always the next thing - dreams of escape.;Julie Walters;dreams
There's a good deal in common between the mind's eye and the TV screen, and though the TV set has all too often been the boobtube, it could be, it can be, the box of dreams.;Ursula K. Le Guin;dreams
You'll be much more successful if you follow your dreams and follow your passions.;Jay Weatherill;dreams
Google is a global Rorschach test. We see in it what we want to see. Google has built an infrastructure that makes a lot of dreams closer to reality.;John Battelle;dreams
Dreams do come true. If anyone's proof of that, it's me.;Jennifer Hudson;dreams
Things have gone beyond my wildest expectations and dreams, and I feel like I've been given so many blessings in my life, between my friendship with the guys in the band, our wonderful audience, being able to play this music, and then my family.;Trey Anastasio;dreams
My dreams and aspirations when I was a child for as long as I can remember was to be an entertainer.;Brittany Murphy;dreams
My mother gave me my drive but my father gave me my dreams.;Liza Minnelli;dreams
Having achieved my own dreams, I want to give to kids who are less fortunate, who struggle with everyday obstacles. I want to give them something positive in their lives: support.;Kristi Yamaguchi;dreams
You have to dream dreams to live dreams.;Eric Lindros;dreams
But baseball bounced back in the next decade to reclaim its place as the national pastime: new heroes, spirited competition, and booming prosperity gave birth to dreams of expansion, both within the major leagues and around the world.;John Thorn;dreams
I'd really like to get the girl, shoot the gun, drive the car, have fun. I even have these kind of action dreams, where I'm the action guy.;Kevin Bacon;dreams
Sometimes, you follow your dreams. I say to the young people, 'If you have a dream, chase it.';Karl Malone;dreams
It was never in my dreams to make my personal life anybody else's business.;Ethan Hawke;dreams
No person has the right to rain on your dreams.;Marian Wright Edelman;dreams
I am rich beyond the dreams of avarice.;Edward Moore;dreams
I led the life of an intellectual up until a certain age. I remember Freud's 'Interpretation of Dreams' was a big favorite when I was 11. It sounded so interesting. And it really was!;Wallace Shawn;dreams
I have shared my whole life. My private and my show business life. It helps me actually to feel my songs and to go on with my dreams.;Celine Dion;dreams
I'm particularly proud of my reluctance to share my dreams with anyone.;Todd Barry;dreams
Talking, talking. Spinning a web of words, pale walls of dreams, between myself and all I see.;John Gardner;dreams
In Nicaragua, liberty, equality and the rule of law were the stuff of dreams. But in Paris I discovered the value of those words.;Bianca Jagger;dreams
So many of my dreams were to actually be able to make a living of what I did as a hobby.;Rick Baker;dreams
As a child our dreams got scattered all about and all our future prospects got scattered to so many places, and we spend our lives trying to find the little pieces that make up our lives and make up the dreams that we had as a child that got blown away in the windstorm.;Terrence Howard;dreams
I work, and then whenever I have any other time, I'm with my daughter, and then I go to sleep. I think you basically have to abandon the dreams of having any other adult activities in your life. You have to go to sleep whenever your child goes to sleep. That's basically how we're doing it.;Tina Fey;dreams
We live because of the dreams.;Marat Safin;dreams
The usual channels of university studies or secretarial work did not appeal to me. I cherished difficult dreams through confidence in myself.;Ella Maillart;dreams
If dreams are like movies, then memories are films about ghosts.;Adam Duritz;dreams
With Shakespeare and poetry, a new world was born. New dreams, new desires, a self consciousness was born. I desired to know to know myself in terms of the new standards set by these books.;Peter Abrahams;dreams
The Brown decision promised that every child, regardless of the color of his or her skin, would have unequivocal access to quality education and an equal opportunity to pursue his/her dreams.;Ed Markey;dreams
Technology has a great advantage in that we are capable of creating dinosaurs and show them on the screen even though they are extinct 65 million years. All of a sudden, we have a fantastic tool that is as good as dreams are.;Werner Herzog;dreams
I mean, we've all had those dreams where, you know, we try to cry out and our voice won't come.;Tom Hooper;dreams
We all have our time machines. Some take us back, they're called memories. Some take us forward, they're called dreams.;Jeremy Irons;dreams
Dreams are illusions, and we can't let go of them because we would be dead.;David Copperfield;dreams
