When followed correctly, the Dukan Diet is both a safe and effective method of weight loss.;Pierre Dukan;diet
Mine is the least fat diet in the world.;Pierre Dukan;diet
Sex keeps me in shape. I don't diet, I eat what I like. I love Mars bars and I smoke and drink. But I love running off in the middle of the day to make love. It really burns up calories.;Lisa Snowdon;diet
I think by planning an exercise regime, your diet follows to some extent.;Dolph Lundgren;diet
She used to diet on any kind of food she could lay her hands on.;Arthur Baer;diet
While pimples are not as simple as too much milk or sugar in your diet, both have a significant impact. Nutritional deficiencies as well as excesses can worsen acne.;Mark E. Hyman;diet
Our typical Western diet is full of inflammatory fats - saturated fats, trans fats, too many omega-6, inflammatory, processed vegetable oils like soy and corn oils. These increase IGF-1 and stimulate pimple follicles.;Mark E. Hyman;diet
I've been more or less vegetarian for about 40 years. Health diet really helps. I do meditation every day, and either yoga or sport several times a week.;John McLaughlin;diet
For the sake of argument and illustration I will presume that certain articles of ordinary diet, however beneficial in youth, are prejudicial in advanced life, like beans to a horse, whose common ordinary food is hay and corn.;William Banting;diet
For most of my 20s, I looked like I was 12. Now that I'm pushing 40, I guess I look closer to... 15? It must be my macrobiotic diet. Oh, wait, except that I don't have one of those.;Gabriel Mann;diet
I don't diet, I don't do fads, I've just decided to not eat carbs. So no more bread and pasta for the month. I can't live without chocolate, though. I've always got a bar in my handbag. It has to be 72%. Any less and it's too sweet, any more and it's inedible. Like I said, I'm very particular.;Nancy Meyers;diet
The best physicians are Dr. Diet, Dr. Quiet, and Dr. Merryman.;Daniel D. Palmer;diet
Uh, I just had an operation last March which was rather serious and I'm recuperating now. I'm on a very bland diet. But, uh, I'm lucky, I was just lucky, that's all.;Rube Goldberg;diet
I have been following a vegan diet now since the 1980s, and find it not only healthier, but also much more attractive than the chunks of meat that were on my plate as a child.;Neal Barnard;diet
A vegan diet takes care of most of what we need to do. But you'll also want to minimize the use of oils generally, because while olive oil and other vegetable oils are better for your heart than chicken fat, they are as fattening as animal fats.;Neal Barnard;diet
I tried the paleo diet, which is the caveman diet - lots of meat. And I tried the calorie restriction diet: The idea is that if you eat very, very little - if you're on the verge of starvation, you will live a very long time, whether or not you want to, of course.;A. J. Jacobs;diet
My goal? To test out every diet and exercise regimen on planet earth and figure out which work best. I sweated, I cooked, I learned to pole dance. In the end, I lost weight, lowered my cholesterol and doubled my energy level. I feel better than I ever have.;A. J. Jacobs;diet
I'm eating a lot of organic proteins and vegetables! Maintaining a healthy, balanced diet is my No. 1 priority because I'm nursing my daughter.;Lily Aldridge;diet
I almost fainted. There was no family history. I had been eating a vegetarian diet and I exercised.;Rue McClanahan;diet
The sad thing is, when it comes to diet, is that even when well-intentioned Feds try to do right by us, they fail. Either they're outvoted by puppets of agribusiness, or they are puppets of agribusiness.;Mark Bittman;diet
Let me pose you a question. Can farm-raised salmon be organic when its feed has nothing to do with its natural diet, even if the feed itself is supposedly organic, and the fish themselves are packed tightly in pens, swimming in their own filth?;Mark Bittman;diet
I am involved in Greenpeace. And I just recently completely switched my diet over to near-veganism. So you try to do little things that you can. I recycle every single day. Every single thing in my house that can be recycled is.;Lindsey Shaw;diet
Eating at home is fine, as I can easily work around the foods that don't agree with me and still eat heartily with the rest of my family. I don't force them to follow my diet.;Andrea McLean;diet
Love is such an objective thing. I mean, I can say I love my family, or I love my Diet Coke. So I guess, in different ways, yeah, I do believe in love.;Emilie de Ravin;diet
The more I read and watched about the meat industry, the more determined I became to keep meat out of my diet. The things I saw in slaughterhouse exposes made me feel sick and I refused to just ignore what I now knew.;Renee Olstead;diet
The vegan diet is obviously lacking whatever essential nutrient it is that makes people likeable.;Jim Goad;diet
If I could give one tip for people - it's not an exercise or nutrition regimen. It's to walk your talk and believe in yourself, because at the end of the day, the dumbbell and diet don't get you in shape. It's your accountability to your word.;Brett Hoebel;diet
If you think of exercise as a 60-minute commitment 3 times a week at the gym, you're missing the point completely. If you think that going on a diet has something to do with nutrition, you don't see the forest through the trees. It is a lifestyle. I know it sounds cliche, but you have to find things you love to do.;Brett Hoebel;diet
I dream about 'Cheers.' Like when you go on a diet and you dream of pizza. I always think of those wonderful years. I loved working on it.;George Wendt;diet
Hope is a very thin diet.;Thomas Shadwell;diet
'The 17 Day Diet' keeps your body and metabolism guessing. I call this 'body confusion.';Mike Moreno;diet
This cream will help one's nature strengthen and grow, The diet gives support in my decline.;Du Fu;diet
My soul is dark with stormy riot: directly traced over to diet.;Samuel Hoffenstein;diet
If cooking becomes an art form rather than a means of providing a reasonable diet, then something is clearly wrong.;Tom Jaine;diet
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.;Eleanor Roosevelt;dreams
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.;Walt Disney;dreams
All men dream, but not equally. Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds, wake in the day to find that it was vanity: but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act on their dreams with open eyes, to make them possible.;T. E. Lawrence;dreams
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.;Harriet Tubman;dreams
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today.;James Dean;dreams
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.;Oscar Wilde;dreams
A dream doesn't become reality through magic it takes sweat, determination and hard work.;Colin Powell;dreams
Sleep is the best meditation.;Dalai Lama;dreams
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before.;Edgar Allan Poe;dreams
I'm sick of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they're goin', and hook up with them later.;Mitch Hedberg;dreams
My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth.;Abraham Lincoln;dreams
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with success unexpected in common hours.;Henry David Thoreau;dreams
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real.;Tupac Shakur;dreams
There are those who look at things the way they are, and ask why... I dream of things that never were, and ask why not?;Robert Kennedy;dreams
Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's dream.;Khalil Gibran;dreams
We all have dreams. But in order to make dreams come into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, self-discipline, and effort.;Jesse Owens;dreams
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.;Les Brown;dreams
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream not only plan, but also believe.;Anatole France;dreams
All human beings are also dream beings. Dreaming ties all mankind together.;Jack Kerouac;dreams
Do all you can to make your dreams come true.;Joel Osteen;dreams
You have to dream before your dreams can come true.;Abdul Kalam;dreams
Dreams have only one owner at a time. That's why dreamers are lonely.;Erma Bombeck;dreams
Dreams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions.;Edgar Cayce;dreams
Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;dreams
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.;Anais Nin;dreams
Dreams are the touchstones of our character.;Henry David Thoreau;dreams
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.;John Barrymore;dreams
The most pitiful among men is he who turns his dreams into silver and gold.;Khalil Gibran;dreams
Judge of your natural character by what you do in your dreams.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;dreams
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again and this interdependence produces the highest form of living.;Anais Nin;dreams
Who looks outside, dreams who looks inside, awakes.;Carl Jung;dreams
Dreams are necessary to life.;Anais Nin;dreams
He was a dreamer, a thinker, a speculative philosopher... or, as his wife would have it, an idiot.;Douglas Adams;dreams
Dream and give yourself permission to envision a You that you choose to be.;Joy Page;dreams
Myths are public dreams, dreams are private myths.;Joseph Campbell;dreams
I'm a dreamer. I have to dream and reach for the stars, and if I miss a star then I grab a handful of clouds.;Mike Tyson;dreams
Youth is a wonderful thing. What a crime to waste it on children.;George Bernard Shaw;dreams
The interpretation of dreams is the royal road to a knowledge of the unconscious activities of the mind.;Sigmund Freud;dreams
I close my eyes, then I drift away, into the magic night I softly say. A silent prayer, like dreamers do, then I fall asleep to dream my dreams of you.;Roy Orbison;dreams
It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else.;Erma Bombeck;dreams
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.;Paul Valery;dreams
Great dreams of great dreamers are always transcended.;Abdul Kalam;dreams
Dream in a pragmatic way.;Aldous Huxley;dreams
We all dream we do not understand our dreams, yet we act as if nothing strange goes on in our sleep minds, strange at least by comparison with the logical, purposeful doings of our minds when we are awake.;Erich Fromm;dreams
Each man should frame life so that at some future hour fact and his dreaming meet.;Victor Hugo;dreams
Dreams are true while they last, and do we not live in dreams?;Alfred Lord Tennyson;dreams
In dreams begins responsibility.;William Butler Yeats;dreams
I am accustomed to sleep and in my dreams to imagine the same things that lunatics imagine when awake.;Rene Descartes;dreams
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.;Gloria Steinem;dreams
So many of our dreams at first seem impossible, then they seem improbable, and then, when we summon the will, they soon become inevitable.;Christopher Reeve;dreams
Living in dreams of yesterday, we find ourselves still dreaming of impossible future conquests.;Charles Lindbergh;dreams
I've always said that one night, I'm going to find myself in some field somewhere, I'm standing on grass, and it's raining, and I'm with the person I love, and I know I'm at the very point I've been dreaming of getting to.;Drew Barrymore;dreams
The world needs dreamers and the world needs doers. But above all, the world needs dreamers who do.;Sarah Ban Breathnach;dreams
No one should negotiate their dreams. Dreams must be free to fly high. No government, no legislature, has a right to limit your dreams. You should never agree to surrender your dreams.;Jesse Jackson;dreams
Sometimes, the only realists are the dreamers.;Paul Wellstone;dreams
Ideologies separate us. Dreams and anguish bring us together.;Eugene Ionesco;dreams
I think we dream so we don't have to be apart so long. If we're in each other's dreams, we can play together all night.;Bill Watterson;dreams
When you cease to dream you cease to live.;Malcolm Forbes;dreams
Only in our dreams are we free. The rest of the time we need wages.;Terry Pratchett;dreams
All the things one has forgotten scream for help in dreams.;Elias Canetti;dreams
Dreaming or awake, we perceive only events that have meaning to us.;Jane Roberts;dreams
I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a butterfly, or whether I am now a butterfly dreaming I am a man.;Zhuangzi;dreams
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.;Yoko Ono;dreams
All men of action are dreamers.;James Huneker;dreams
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your dreams.;Madonna Ciccone;dreams
