When life is victorious, there is birth when it is thwarted, there is death. A warrior is always engaged in a life-and-death struggle for Peace.;Morihei Ueshiba;death
Watching a peaceful death of a human being reminds us of a falling star one of a million lights in a vast sky that flares up for a brief moment only to disappear into the endless night forever.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;death
To some extent I liken slavery to death.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;death
Death is not natural for a state as it is for a human being, for whom death is not only necessary, but frequently even desirable.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;death
It seems to me that if you or I must choose between two courses of thought or action, we should remember our dying and try so to live that our death brings no pleasure on the world.;John Steinbeck;death
Old age is a tyrant, who forbids, under pain of death, the pleasures of youth.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;death
Neither the sun nor death can be looked at with a steady eye.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;death
I have two luxuries to brood over in my walks, your loveliness and the hour of my death. O that I could have possession of them both in the same minute.;John Keats;death
Death is someone you see very clearly with eyes in the center of your heart: eyes that see not by reacting to light, but by reacting to a kind of a chill from within the marrow of your own life.;Thomas Merton;death
Land and sea, weakness and decline are great separators, but death is the great divorcer for ever.;John Keats;death
For a man who has done his natural duty, death is as natural as sleep.;George Santayana;death
A revolution is a struggle to the death between the future and the past.;Fidel Castro;death
Death may be the King of terrors... but Jesus is the King of kings!;Dwight L. Moody;death
Death would not be called bad, O people, if one knew how to truly die.;Guru Nanak;death
I don't fear death because I don't fear anything I don't understand. When I start to think about it, I order a massage and it goes away.;Hedy Lamarr;death
When death, the great reconciler, has come, it is never our tenderness that we repent of, but our severity.;George Eliot;death
But when I lose my temper, I find it difficult to forgive myself. I feel I've failed. I can be calm in a crisis, in the face of death or things that hurt badly. I don't get hysterical, which may be masochistic of me.;Emma Thompson;death
Life is but a moment, death also is but another.;Robert H. Schuller;death
Death unites as well as separates it silences all paltry feeling.;Honore de Balzac;death
Death not merely ends life, it also bestows upon it a silent completeness, snatched from the hazardous flux to which all things human are subject.;Hannah Arendt;death
A new idea is delicate. It can be killed by a sneer or a yawn it can be stabbed to death by a quip and worried to death by a frown on the right man's brow.;Ovid;death
All violence consists in some people forcing others, under threat of suffering or death, to do what they do not want to do.;Leo Tolstoy;death
I balanced all, brought all to mind, the years to come seemed waste of breath, a waste of breath the years behind, in balance with this life, this death.;William Butler Yeats;death
Man is born in a day, and he dies in a day, and the thing is easily over but to have a sick heart for three-fourths of one's lifetime is simply to have death renewed every morning and life at that price is not worth living.;Gilbert Parker;death
It is difficult to accept death in this society because it is unfamiliar. In spite of the fact that it happens all the time, we never see it.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;death
Death is just life's next big adventure.;J. K. Rowling;death
I would rather die a meaningful death than to live a meaningless life.;Corazon Aquino;death
In the night of death, hope sees a star, and listening love can hear the rustle of a wing.;Robert Green Ingersoll;death
Generally speaking, the Way of the warrior is resolute acceptance of death.;Miyamoto Musashi;death
I like to behave in an extremely normal, wholesome manner for the most part in my daily life. Even if mentally I'm consumed with sick visions of violence, terror, sex and death.;Courtney Love;death
Hearing nuns' confessions is like being stoned to death with popcorn.;Fulton J. Sheen;death
Life is a banquet, and most poor suckers are starving to death.;Rosalind Russell;death
If any foreign minister begins to defend to the death a 'peace conference,' you can be sure his government has already placed its orders for new battleships and airplanes.;Joseph Stalin;death
My father was a man of love. He always loved me to death. He worked hard in the fields, but my father never hit me. Never. I don't ever remember a really cross, unkind word from my father.;Johnny Cash;death
I thank my God for graciously granting me the opportunity of learning that death is the key which unlocks the door to our true happiness.;Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart;death
One is still what one is going to cease to be and already what one is going to become. One lives one's death, one dies one's life.;Jean-Paul Sartre;death
If life must not be taken too seriously, then so neither must death.;Samuel Butler;death
Whether for life or death, do your own work well.;John Ruskin;death
My fear was not of death itself, but a death without meaning.;Huey Newton;death
Wild animals never kill for sport. Man is the only one to whom the torture and death of his fellow creatures is amusing in itself.;James Anthony Froude;death
The message that President Obama delivered in his speech at Notre Dame was: morality is immoral. Pro-life is the extremist position, not a moral position. Yet we should compromise and work to reduce abortions. Where's the compromise between life and death - and why work to reduce the number of them occurring if there's nothing wrong with them?;Rush Limbaugh;death
True love makes the thought of death frequent, easy, without terrors it merely becomes the standard of comparison, the price one would pay for many things.;Stendhal;death
There is nothing which at once affects a man so much and so little as his own death.;Samuel Butler;death
A man must be willing to die for justice. Death is an inescapable reality and men die daily, but good deeds live forever.;Jesse Jackson;death
I do not believe that any man fears to be dead, but only the stroke of death.;Francis Bacon;death
Once you accept your own death, all of a sudden you're free to live. You no longer care about your reputation. You no longer care except so far as your life can be used tactically to promote a cause you believe in.;Saul Alinsky;death
It is not death, it is dying that alarms me.;Michel de Montaigne;death
Those who have never had a father can at any rate never know the sweets of losing one. To most men the death of his father is a new lease of life.;Samuel Butler;death
Death is only a larger kind of going abroad.;Samuel Butler;death
The history of the world is the record of the weakness, frailty and death of public opinion.;Samuel Butler;death
Let us eat and drink neither forgetting death unduly nor remembering it. The Lord hath mercy on whom he will have mercy, etc., and the less we think about it the better.;Samuel Butler;death
I am able to follow my own death step by step. Now I move softly towards the end.;Pope John XXIII;death
If you live a life of make-believe, your life isn't worth anything until you do something that does challenge your reality. And to me, sailing the open ocean is a real challenge, because it's life or death.;Morgan Freeman;death
Few cross the river of time and are able to reach non-being. Most of them run up and down only on this side of the river. But those who when they know the law follow the path of the law, they shall reach the other shore and go beyond the realm of death.;Horace;death
If I die a violent death, as some fear and a few are plotting, I know that the violence will be in the thought and the action of the assassins, not in my dying.;Indira Gandhi;death
Disease generally begins that equality which death completes.;Samuel Johnson;death
Prepare for death, if here at night you roam, and sign your will before you sup from home.;Samuel Johnson;death
If I take death into my life, acknowledge it, and face it squarely, I will free myself from the anxiety of death and the pettiness of life - and only then will I be free to become myself.;Martin Heidegger;death
I would rather live and love where death is king than have eternal life where love is not.;Robert Green Ingersoll;death
I'm one of the slowest drivers on the road. I mosey along. If you're doing anything too fast, including living life too fast, that creates sudden death. If I have to be somewhere on time, I make sure I leave early enough.;Anthony Hopkins;death
Absence from whom we love is worse than death, and frustrates hope severer than despair.;William Cowper;death
Creation destroys as it goes, throws down one tree for the rise of another. But ideal mankind would abolish death, multiply itself million upon million, rear up city upon city, save every parasite alive, until the accumulation of mere existence is swollen to a horror.;David Herbert Lawrence;death
Love has no age, no limit and no death.;John Galsworthy;death
Pale death, with impartial step, knocks at the hut of the poor and the towers of kings.;Horace;death
He has not lived badly whose birth and death has been unnoticed by the world.;Horace;death
Bravery is the capacity to perform properly even when scared half to death.;Omar N. Bradley;death
For those who seek to understand it, death is a highly creative force. The highest spiritual values of life can originate from the thought and study of death.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;death
Some of us can be examples about going ahead and growing, and some of us, unfortunately, don't make it there, and end up being examples because they had to die. I hit rock bottom, but thank God my bottom wasn't death.;Stevie Ray Vaughan;death
What I look forward to is continued immaturity followed by death.;Dave Barry;death
Death, they say, acquits us of all obligations.;Michel de Montaigne;death
The ceaseless labour of your life is to build the house of death.;Michel de Montaigne;death
That is the great mistake about the affections. It is not the rise and fall of empires, the birth and death of kings, or the marching of armies that move them most. When they answer from their depths, it is to the domestic joys and tragedies of life.;Amelia Barr;death
Mendacity is a system that we live in. Liquor is one way out an death's the other.;Tennessee Williams;death
We sometimes congratulate ourselves at the moment of waking from a troubled dream it may be so the moment after death.;Nathaniel Hawthorne;death
Creativity is not merely the innocent spontaneity of our youth and childhood it must also be married to the passion of the adult human being, which is a passion to live beyond one's death.;Rollo May;death
If you have only one passion in life - football - and you pursue it to the exclusion of everything else, it becomes very dangerous. When you stop doing this activity it is as though you are dying. The death of that activity is a death in itself.;Eric Cantona;death
When the will defies fear, when duty throws the gauntlet down to fate, when honor scorns to compromise with death - that is heroism.;Robert Green Ingersoll;death
Some people think football is a matter of life and death. I assure you, it's much more serious than that.;Bill Shankly;death
In the attempt to defeat death man has been inevitably obliged to defeat life, for the two are inextricably related. Life moves on to death, and to deny one is to deny the other.;Henry Miller;death
Death is delightful. Death is dawn, The waking from a weary night Of fevers unto truth and light.;James Russell Lowell;death
I'm sick to death of people saying we've made 11 albums that sounds exactly the same, Infact, we've made 12 albums that sound exactly the same.;Angus Young;death
Hunger, revenge, to sleep are petty foes, But only death the jealous eyes can close.;William Wycherley;death
People have their own deaths as well as their own lives, and even if there is nothing beyond death, we shall differ in our nothingness.;E. M. Forster;death
Death destroys a man, but the idea of death saves him.;E. M. Forster;death
Men do not accept their prophets and slay them, but they love their martyrs and worship those whom they have tortured to death.;Fyodor Dostoevsky;death
Don't be afraid to feel as angry or as loving as you can, because when you feel nothing, it's just death.;Lena Horne;death
In order to go on living one must try to escape the death involved in perfectionism.;Hannah Arendt;death
We do not celebrate the death of our enemies.;Yitzhak Rabin;death
A country that relies on aid? Death is better than that. It stops you from achieving your potential, just as colonialism did.;Imran Khan;death
Death be not proud, though some have called thee Mighty and dreadful, for thou art not so. For, those, whom thou think'st thou dost overthrow. Die not, poor death, nor yet canst thou kill me.;John Donne;death
Kurt and I weren't the closest of friends, but I knew him well enough to be devastated by his death. For such a quiet person, he was so excited about having a child.;Layne Staley;death
The Teutons have been singing the swan song ever since they entered the ranks of history. They have always confounded truth with death.;Henry Miller;death
Divorce is probably as painful as death.;William Shatner;death
Death has a tendency to encourage a depressing view of war.;Donald Rumsfeld;death
I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it.;Evelyn Beatrice Hall;death
I'm Irish. I think about death all the time.;Jack Nicholson;death
What you possess in the world will be found at the day of your death to belong to someone else. But what you are will be yours forever.;Henry Van Dyke;death
The very essence of literature is the war between emotion and intellect, between life and death. When literature becomes too intellectual - when it begins to ignore the passions, the emotions - it becomes sterile, silly, and actually without substance.;Isaac Bashevis Singer;death
Which death is preferably to every other? 'The unexpected'.;Julius Caesar;death
