Well, I thought the deal was, when you went to work for the government you weren't supposed to make money!;Joe Biden;government
Our future cannot depend on the government alone. The ultimate solutions lie in the attitudes and the actions of the American people.;Joe Biden;government
This is a generation weaned on Watergate, and there is no presumption of innocence and no presumption of good intentions. Instead, there is a presumption that, without relentless scrutiny, the government will misbehave.;Dee Dee Myers;government
Television of course actually started in Britain in 1936, and it was a monopoly, and there was only one broadcaster and it operated on a license which is not the same as a government grant.;David Attenborough;government
What the Founding Fathers created in the Constitution is the most magnificent government on the face of the Earth, and the reason is this: because it was intended to preserve the American society and the American spirit, not to transform it or destroy it.;Mark Levin;government
It is from weakness that people reach for dictators and concentrated government power. Only the strong can be free. And only the productive can be strong.;Wendell Willkie;government
The Constitution is not neutral. It was designed to take the government off the backs of people.;William O. Douglas;government
Concerns about the size and role of government are what seem to leave reformers stammering and speechless in town-hall meetings. The right wants to have a debate over fundamental principles elected Democrats seem incapable of giving it to them.;Thomas Frank;government
Government is, by its very nature, a destroyer of liberties the Obama administration, specifically, is promising to interfere with the economy and the health care system so profoundly that Washington will soon have us all in chains.;Thomas Frank;government
Under the administration of George W. Bush, you will recall, federal spending grew pretty significantly. At the same time, the number of people directly employed by the federal government shrank. One of the factors that explained the difference was contracting.;Thomas Frank;government
Our laws governing lobbying and campaign contributions have struck the right balance between the wishes of the people and those of private industry, so why are we so quick to doubt that the same great results can be achieved by putting the government's justice-dealing branch on the same market-based course?;Thomas Frank;government
We have mountain of debt that isn't going away and all the problems are here to stay, and anybody who tells you that is a good thing ought to get out of the business of helping the government down the road.;Rick Santelli;government
Women ought to have representatives, instead of being arbitrarily governed without any direct share allowed them in the deliberations of government.;Mary Wollstonecraft;government
The Right's view of government and the Left's view of big business are both correct.;Robert Anton Wilson;government
Government is necessary for our survival. We need government in order to survive. The Founding Fathers created a special place for government. It is called the Constitution.;Michael Badnarik;government
In a democracy, citizens pass judgment on their government, and if they are kept in the dark about what their government is doing, they cannot be in a position to make well-grounded decisions.;Peter Singer;government
I believed the only thing that could turn around this government spending and mounting debt would be if the people rose up.;Jim DeMint;government
The corporations don't have to lobby the government anymore. They are the government.;Jim Hightower;government
If the law is upheld only by government officials, then all law is at an end.;Herbert Hoover;government
A government must not waiver once it has chosen it's course. It must not look to the left or right but go forward.;Otto von Bismarck;government
The government's War on Poverty has transformed poverty from a short-term misfortune into a career choice.;Harry Browne;government
Government is force, pure and simple. There's no way to sugar-coat that. And because government is force, it will attract the worst elements of society - people who want to use government to avoid having to earn their living and to avoid having to persuade others to accept their ideas voluntarily.;Harry Browne;government
I'm not, nor is anybody I know in government part of a nasty right wing clique.;William Hague;government
I think Britain would be alright, if only we had a different Government.;William Hague;government
It is the mission of the next Conservative Government to build the Responsible Society.;William Hague;government
At a time of such hope and optimism in the Middle East, we cannot let the Libyan government violate every principle of international law and human rights with impunity.;William Hague;government
Obviously a Conservative government will always leave taxes lower than they have been under Labour. Those things go with the territory of the Conservative Party.;William Hague;government
I think the way things have been left after Iraq is that people won't believe the Government of the day, so they have to know that lessons have been learnt and that all political parties and people, whether they were for or against the invasion of Iraq, have learnt lessons.;William Hague;government
I've been in and out of Wall Street since 1949, and I've never seen the type of animosity between government and Wall Street. And I'm not sure where it comes from, but I suspect it's got to do with a general schism in this society which is really becoming ever more destructive.;Alan Greenspan;government
Taxes are like abortion, and not just because both are grotesque procedures supported by Democrats. You're for them or against them. Taxes go up or down government raises taxes or lowers them. But Democrats will not let the words 'abortion' or 'tax hikes' pass their lips.;Ann Coulter;government
Also, when you escape a Communist regime, you treasure liberty and you understand that as government and state expand, liberty must contract.;Dennis Prager;government
For a country to have a great writer is like having a second government. That is why no regime has ever loved great writers, only minor ones.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;government
Our government declared that it is conducting some kind of great reforms. In reality, no real reforms were begun and no one at any point has declared a coherent programme.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;government
Great research universities must insist on independence from government and on the exercise of academic freedom.;Alan Dershowitz;government
It matters enormously to a successful democratic society like ours that we have three branches of government, each with some independence and some control over the other two. That's set out in the Constitution.;Sandra Day O'Connor;government
The Establishment Clause prohibits government from making adherence to a religion relevant in any way to a person's standing in the political community.;Sandra Day O'Connor;government
I believe that for the small numbers of Jewish people in the United States, they exercise a tremendous amount of influence on the affairs of government.;Louis Farrakhan;government
Half the states have stopped making civics and government a requirement for high school. Half.;Sandra Day O'Connor;government
You have citizens who don't understand how government works and they're kind of soured on it. All they do is criticize. They have no idea that they can make things happen.;Sandra Day O'Connor;government
We have a complex system of government. You have to teach it to every generation.;Sandra Day O'Connor;government
Today we must make a pact with each other to end this reckless conduct with the people's government.;Chris Christie;government
I want the government to provide the military so we don't get invaded by somebody and destroyed. I want the government to provide the roads so I can get from point A to B. In terms of taking care of my day to day needs, I want to do that myself. I want my community to do that.;Benjamin Carson;government
People spending more of their own money on routine health care would make the system more competitive and transparent and restore the confidence between the patients and the doctors without government rationing.;Benjamin Carson;government
Health care is one-sixth of our economy. If the government can control that, they can control just about everything. We need to understand what is going on, because there are much more economic models that can be used to give us good health care than what we have now.;Benjamin Carson;government
The difference in golf and government is that in golf you can't improve your lie.;George Deukmejian;government
This is a country for, of, and by the people not for, of, and by the government. If we turn it over to them we cannot complain about what they're doing because this is a natural course of men and we have to hold their feet to the fire.;Benjamin Carson;government
Nobody is starving on the streets. We've always taken care of them. We take care of our own we always have. It is not the government's responsibility.;Benjamin Carson;government
All of us should have free choice when it comes to patriotic displays... a government wisely acting within its bounds will earn loyalty and respect from its citizens. A government dare not demand the same.;Jesse Ventura;government
An interim government was set up in Afghanistan. It included two women, one of whom was Minister of Women's Affairs. Man, who'd she have to show here ankles to to get that job?;Tina Fey;government
What the world needs is a small, compact, flexible fusion technology that could make electricity where and when it is needed. The existing fusion program is leading to a huge source of centralized power, at a price that nobody except a government can afford.;Freeman Dyson;government
The government invented the Internet.;Jon Meacham;government
The bringing-about of order is the first and fundamental task of government. We accept limits on our rights for the sake of a larger social compact all the time.;Jon Meacham;government
The fact is that America has been at her most prosperous when government and the private sector have been not at war, but in a wary, if often underplayed, alliance. History is unmistakable on this point.;Jon Meacham;government
History tells us that America does best when the private sector is energetic and entrepreneurial and the government is attentive and engaged. Who among us, really, would, looking back, wish to edit out either sphere at the entire expense of the other?;Jon Meacham;government
Populism is not a style, it's a people's rebellion against the iron grip that big corporations have on our country - including our economy, government, media, and environment.;Jim Hightower;government
Let's be honest about this the liberal agenda with failed stimulus plans and government entitlement programs is crippling our economy and our quality of life.;Alveda King;government
Power without principle is barren, but principle without power is futile. This is a party of government, and I will lead it as a party of government.;Tony Blair;government
Where there is little or no public opinion, there is likely to be bad government, which sooner or later becomes autocratic government.;William Lyon Mackenzie King;government
The Framers of the Bill of Rights did not purport to 'create' rights. Rather, they designed the Bill of Rights to prohibit our Government from infringing rights and liberties presumed to be preexisting.;William J. Brennan, Jr.;government
First of all, I can't forget my first responsibility - which is to be the Leader of the Opposition and that's to provide an alternative government.;Stephen Harper;government
I don't believe an Alliance government should sponsor legislation on abortion or a referendum on abortion.;Stephen Harper;government
In any crass political calculation, drilling for oil will always win more votes than putting a price on carbon. But if I recall what I was taught in fifth-grade American government class, we elect presidents to do more than crass political calculations.;Jeff Goodell;government
If you want to be a government in a minority Parliament, you have to work with other people.;Stephen Harper;government
There is nothing anyone can do anyway. The public has no power. The government knows I'm not a criminal. The parole board knows I'm not a criminal. The judge knows I'm not a criminal.;Jack Kevorkian;government
It's the government's obligation to look really to the third parties to get the support to govern.;Stephen Harper;government
The Leader of the Opposition's constitutional obligation - the obligation to Parliament - it's the reason we did the merger! - is to make sure Canadians have an alternative for government.;Stephen Harper;government
We have in this country a federal government that increasingly is engaged in trying to determine which business, which regions, which industries will succeed, which will not through a whole range of economic development, regional development corporate subsidization programs.;Stephen Harper;government
We should have been there shoulder to shoulder with our allies. Our concern is the instability of our government as an ally. We are playing again with national and global security matters.;Stephen Harper;government
We'll support the government on issues if it's essential to the country but our primary responsibility is not to prop up the government, our responsibility is to provide an opposition and an alternative government for Parliament and for Canadians.;Stephen Harper;government
What the government has to do, if it wants to govern for any length of time, is it must appeal primarily to the third parties in the House of Commons to get them to support it.;Stephen Harper;government
We've got to see a state where the Afghan government can handle its own day-to-day security.;Stephen Harper;government
I think the American government is now the most corrupt government in the world.;Ginger Baker;government
I forget what the relevant American rate is, but I can tell you that our goal is to have a combined federal-provincial corporate tax rate of no more than 25 percent. We're on target to do that by 2012. We will have significantly - by a significant margin the lowest corporate tax rates in the G-7, and that's our - our government's objective.;Stephen Harper;government
Look, I think the worst case scenario is obvious. I think first of all it doesn't work for very long. It's an unstable government that raises taxes and destroys the image we're building for Canada as a strong place to invest.;Stephen Harper;government
The government's desire to expand global trade may be understandable, but we mustn't give away too much. We must tell our elected representatives to at least delay the Canada-China FIPA until it has been examined more thoroughly, and to reconsider the inclusion of investor-state arbitration mechanisms in all trade deals.;David Suzuki;government
Government cannot do it all. As we work hard to break welfare dependency and get young people ready for the labour market, we need businesses to give them a chance and not just fall back on labour from abroad.;Iain Duncan Smith;government
All too often, government's response to social breakdown has been a classic case of 'patching' - a case of handing money out, containing problems and limiting the damage but, in doing so, supporting - even reinforcing - dysfunctional behaviour.;Iain Duncan Smith;government
I think if you have a two-story office and you hire someone who's handicapped, it might be reasonable to let him have an office on the first floor rather than the government saying you have to have a $100,000 elevator.;Rand Paul;government
Does the owner of the restaurant own his restaurant? Or does the government own his restaurant?;Rand Paul;government
People in government and public life are being kicked around at a high rate of speed.;Arlen Specter;government
When people don't understand that the government doesn't have their interests in mind, they're more susceptible to go to war.;Howard Zinn;government
If you seek Hamilton's monument, look around. You are living in it. We honor Jefferson, but live in Hamilton's country, a mighty industrial nation with a strong central government.;George Will;government
The lies the government and media tell are amplifications of the lies we tell ourselves. To stop being conned, stop conning yourself.;James Wolcott;government
National security is the first duty of government but we are also committed to reversing the substantial erosion of civil liberties.;Theresa May;government
I thought I was benefiting the Indians as well as the government, by taking them all over the United States, and giving them a correct idea of the customs, life, etc., of the pale faces, so that when they returned to their people they could make known all they had seen.;Buffalo Bill;government
My mother's sympathies were strongly with the Union. She knew that war was bound to come, but so confident was she in the strength of the Federal Government that she devoutly believed that the struggle could not last longer than six months at the utmost.;Buffalo Bill;government
Look at our Lords disciples. One denied Him one doubted Him one betrayed Him. If our Lord couldn't have perfection, how are you going to have it in city government?;Richard J. Daley;government
This is how psychiatry has functioned-as a kind of property arm of the government, who can put you away if your husband doesn't like you.;Kate Millett;government
People who relieve others of their money with guns are called robbers. It does not alter the immorality of the act when the income transfer is carried out by government.;Cal Thomas;government
Common sense tells us that the government's attempts to solve large problems more often create new ones. Common sense also tells us that a top-down, one-size-fits-all plan will not improve the workings of a nationwide health-care system that accounts for one-sixth of our economy.;Sarah Palin;government
Our government needs to adopt a pro-market agenda that doesn't pick winners and losers, but it invites competition and it levels the playing field for everyone.;Sarah Palin;government
It is not the constitutional prerogative of the Government to determine needs.;David Mamet;government
The government, for example, has determined that black people (somehow) have fewer abilities than white people, and, so, must be given certain preferences. Anyone acquainted with both black and white people knows this assessment is not only absurd but monstrous. And yet it is the law.;David Mamet;government
The Founders recognized that Government is quite literally a necessary evil, that there must be opposition, between its various branches, and between political parties, for these are the only ways to temper the individual's greed for power and the electorates' desires for peace by submission to coercion or blandishment.;David Mamet;government
If, indeed, a firearm were more dangerous to its possessors than to potential aggressors, would it not make sense for the government to arm all criminals, and let them accidentally shoot themselves? Is this absurd? Yes, and yet the government, of course, is arming criminals.;David Mamet;government
Rarely in modern times has there been such a revolution in commercial sentiment as occurred in 2008, or such a display in government and business of panic and helplessness.;James Buchan;government
Nature is not simply a technical or economical resource, and human beings are not mere numbers. To suggest that one can somehow align all the squabbling institutions of science, environmental management, government and diplomacy in an alliance of convenience to regulate the global climate seems to me optimistic.;James Buchan;government
I am the government.;Andrew Cuomo;government
I think the government has to reposition environment on top of their national and international priorities.;Brian Mulroney;government
