Experience: that most brutal of teachers. But you learn, my God do you learn.;C. S. Lewis;god
God cannot give us a happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there. There is no such thing.;C. S. Lewis;god
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.;William Shakespeare;god
I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just that his justice cannot sleep forever.;Thomas Jefferson;god
I cannot imagine a God who rewards and punishes the objects of his creation and is but a reflection of human frailty.;Albert Einstein;god
God always takes the simplest way.;Albert Einstein;god
I don't stand for the black man's side, I don' t stand for the white man's side. I stand for God's side.;Bob Marley;god
There are two kinds of people: those who say to God, 'Thy will be done,' and those to whom God says, 'All right, then, have it your way.';C. S. Lewis;god
With Malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right, as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the nation's wounds.;Abraham Lincoln;god
Let us more and more insist on raising funds of love, of kindness, of understanding, of peace. Money will come if we seek first the Kingdom of God - the rest will be given.;Mother Teresa;god
When you focus on being a blessing, God makes sure that you are always blessed in abundance.;Joel Osteen;god
If God would have wanted us to live in a permissive society He would have given us Ten Suggestions and not Ten Commandments.;Zig Ziglar;god
God does not play dice.;Albert Einstein;god
I do not believe in the God of theology who rewards good and punishes evil.;Albert Einstein;god
I shall never believe that God plays dice with the world.;Albert Einstein;god
We should take care not to make the intellect our god it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality.;Albert Einstein;god
Morality is of the highest importance - but for us, not for God.;Albert Einstein;god
Faith activates God - Fear activates the Enemy.;Joel Osteen;god
God may be subtle, but he isn't plain mean.;Albert Einstein;god
In the first place, God made idiots. That was for practice. Then he made school boards.;Mark Twain;god
Ignorance is the curse of God knowledge is the wing wherewith we fly to heaven.;William Shakespeare;god
A baby is God's opinion that life should go on.;Carl Sandburg;god
I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.;e. e. cummings;god
Geography has made us neighbors. History has made us friends. Economics has made us partners, and necessity has made us allies. Those whom God has so joined together, let no man put asunder.;John F. Kennedy;god
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.;John Wooden;god
Question with boldness even the existence of a God because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear.;Thomas Jefferson;god
God didn't make a mistake when He made you. You need to see yourself as God sees you.;Joel Osteen;god
God is an unutterable sigh, planted in the depths of the soul.;Jean Paul;god
Our prayers should be for blessings in general, for God knows best what is good for us.;Socrates;god
God will never give you anything you can't handle, so don't stress.;Kelly Clarkson;god
There is always the danger that we may just do the work for the sake of the work. This is where the respect and the love and the devotion come in - that we do it to God, to Christ, and that's why we try to do it as beautifully as possible.;Mother Teresa;god
Surely God would not have created such a being as man, with an ability to grasp the infinite, to exist only for a day! No, no, man was made for immortality.;Abraham Lincoln;god
It is by the goodness of God that in our country we have those three unspeakably precious things: freedom of speech, freedom of conscience, and the prudence never to practice either of them.;Mark Twain;god
I try to give to the poor people for love what the rich could get for money. No, I wouldn't touch a leper for a thousand pounds yet I willingly cure him for the love of God.;Mother Teresa;god
Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test. And God promises you your marked moments are on their way.;Joel Osteen;god
In great contests each party claims to act in accordance with the will of God. Both may be, and one must be wrong.;Abraham Lincoln;god
I have sworn upon the altar of God, eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.;Thomas Jefferson;god
Our life of poverty is as necessary as the work itself. Only in heaven will we see how much we owe to the poor for helping us to love God better because of them.;Mother Teresa;god
God, our Creator, has stored within our minds and personalities, great potential strength and ability. Prayer helps us tap and develop these powers.;Abdul Kalam;god
God made the Idiot for practice, and then He made the School Board.;Mark Twain;god
We can be tired, weary and emotionally distraught, but after spending time alone with God, we find that He injects into our bodies energy, power and strength.;Charles Stanley;god
God proved His love on the Cross. When Christ hung, and bled, and died, it was God saying to the world, 'I love you.';Billy Graham;god
Man was made at the end of the week's work when God was tired.;Mark Twain;god
I do not want to foresee the future. I am concerned with taking care of the present. God has given me no control over the moment following.;Mahatma Gandhi;god
There is nothing that wastes the body like worry, and one who has any faith in God should be ashamed to worry about anything whatsoever.;Mahatma Gandhi;god
Fix reason firmly in her seat, and call to her tribunal every fact, every opinion. Question with boldness even the existence of a God because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blindfolded fear.;Thomas Jefferson;god
God sleeps in the minerals, awakens in plants, walks in animals, and thinks in man.;Arthur Young;god
I gave in, and admitted that God was God.;C. S. Lewis;god
Man - a creature made at the end of the week's work when God was tired.;Mark Twain;god
If God is just, I tremble for my country.;Thomas Jefferson;god
We are never defeated unless we give up on God.;Ronald Reagan;god
It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no God.;Thomas Jefferson;god
The God who gave us life, gave us liberty at the same time.;Thomas Jefferson;god
Can a mortal ask questions which God finds unanswerable? Quite easily, I should think. All nonsense questions are unanswerable.;C. S. Lewis;god
Someday, after mastering the winds, the waves, the tides and gravity, we shall harness for God the energies of love, and then, for a second time in the history of the world, man will have discovered fire.;Pierre Teilhard de Chardin;god
There are people in the world so hungry, that God cannot appear to them except in the form of bread.;Mahatma Gandhi;god
Without God, democracy will not and cannot long endure.;Ronald Reagan;god
Rebellion against tyrants is obedience to God.;Benjamin Franklin;god
The more we come out and do good to others, the more our hearts will be purified, and God will be in them.;Swami Vivekananda;god
And I will do everything that I can as long as I am President of the United States to remind the American people that we are one nation under God, and we may call that God different names but we remain one nation.;Barack Obama;god
It's wonderful to climb the liquid mountains of the sky. Behind me and before me is God and I have no fears.;Helen Keller;god
A vow is a purely religious act which cannot be taken in a fit of passion. It can be taken only with a mind purified and composed and with God as witness.;Mahatma Gandhi;god
Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays.;Soren Kierkegaard;god
Beautiful music is the art of the prophets that can calm the agitations of the soul it is one of the most magnificent and delightful presents God has given us.;Martin Luther;god
Now, God be praised, that to believing souls gives light in darkness, comfort in despair.;William Shakespeare;god
I know, to banish anger altogether from one's breast is a difficult task. It cannot be achieved through pure personal effort. It can be done only by God's grace.;Mahatma Gandhi;god
What a piece of work is a man, how noble in reason, how infinite in faculties, in form and moving how express and admirable, in action how like an angel, in apprehension how like a god.;William Shakespeare;god
I sometimes think that God in creating man somewhat overestimated his ability.;Oscar Wilde;god
God is a metaphor for that which transcends all levels of intellectual thought. It's as simple as that.;Joseph Campbell;god
It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather we should thank God that such men lived.;George S. Patton;god
We have one life it soon will be past what we do for God is all that will last.;Muhammad Ali;god
I will far rather see the race of man extinct than that we should become less than beasts by making the noblest of God's creation, woman, the object of our lust.;Mahatma Gandhi;god
Thank God every morning when you get up that you have something to do that day, which must be done, whether you like it or not.;James Russell Lowell;god
I have held many things in my hands, and I have lost them all but whatever I have placed in God's hands, that I still possess.;Martin Luther;god
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them.;Vincent McNabb;god
There is a God shaped vacuum in the heart of every man which cannot be filled by any created thing, but only by God, the Creator, made known through Jesus.;Blaise Pascal;god
My religion is based on truth and non-violence. Truth is my God. Non-violence is the means of realising Him.;Mahatma Gandhi;god
Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.;Corrie Ten Boom;god
God hath given you one face, and you make yourselves another.;William Shakespeare;god
Where love is, there God is also.;Mahatma Gandhi;god
War is God's way of teaching Americans geography.;Ambrose Bierce;god
Resolution One: I will live for God. Resolution Two: If no one else does, I still will.;Jonathan Edwards;god
God sometimes does try to the uttermost those whom he wishes to bless.;Mahatma Gandhi;god
Infinite striving to be the best is man's duty it is its own reward. Everything else is in God's hands.;Mahatma Gandhi;god
I think that God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability.;Oscar Wilde;god
But for my faith in God, I should have been a raving maniac.;Mahatma Gandhi;god
It is the quality of our work which will please God and not the quantity.;Mahatma Gandhi;god
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.;Leo Buscaglia;god
Non-violence requires a double faith, faith in God and also faith in man.;Mahatma Gandhi;god
Only he can take great resolves who has indomitable faith in God and has fear of God.;Mahatma Gandhi;god
You're just left with yourself all the time, whatever you do anyway. You've got to get down to your own God in your own temple. It's all down to you, mate.;John Lennon;god
O God, O God, how weary, stale, flat, and unprofitable seem to me all the uses of this world!;William Shakespeare;god
God will prepare everything for our perfect happiness in heaven, and if it takes my dog being there, I believe he'll be there.;Billy Graham;god
The most important lesson that I have learned is to trust God in every circumstance. Lots of times we go through different trials and following God's plan seems like it doesn't make any sense at all. God is always in control and he will never leave us.;Allyson Felix;god
When we were children we were grateful to those who filled our stockings at Christmas time. Why are we not grateful to God for filling our stockings with legs?;Gilbert K. Chesterton;god
I have never made but one prayer to God, a very short one: 'O Lord make my enemies ridiculous.' And God granted it.;Voltaire;god
I cannot and will not recant anything, for to go against conscience is neither right nor safe. Here I stand, I can do no other, so help me God. Amen.;Martin Luther;god
He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom to us by the awful grace of God.;Aeschylus;god
The person you consider ignorant and insignificant is the one who came from God, that he might learn bliss from grief and knowledge from gloom.;Khalil Gibran;god
