Dealing with poetry is a daunting task, simply because the reason one does it as an editor at all is because one is constantly coming to terms with one's own understanding of how to understand the world.;Peter Davison;poetry
Poetry is composing for the breath.;Peter Davison;poetry
Poetry was invented as an mnemonic device to enable people to remember their prayers.;Peter Davison;poetry
Poetry should be able to reach everybody, and it should be able to appeal to all levels of understanding.;Peter Davison;poetry
Every so often I find some poems that are too good for the readers of The Atlantic because they are a little too involved with the nature of poetry, as such.;Peter Davison;poetry
They need to learn poetry. They don't need to learn about poetry. They don't need to be told how to interpret poetry. They don't need to be told how to understand poetry. They need to learn it.;Peter Davison;poetry
The more poetry you have in the head, the more poetry you will understand because you will be getting to the roots of what it is that makes people write poetry at all.;Peter Davison;poetry
But poetry is my life. Poetry is what matters to me.;Peter Davison;poetry
And there are a lot more people reading poetry, but there are not so many people reading an individual poet.;Peter Davison;poetry
But for me, being an editor I've been an editor of all kinds of books being an editor of poetry has been the way in which I could give a crucial part of my time to what I love most.;Peter Davison;poetry
There are so many things that poetry is about, one of which is memory.;Peter Davison;poetry
It is a way we reassess our past. We can do that in poetry in ways we can't do in prose.;Peter Davison;poetry
As to London we must console ourselves with the thought that if life outside is less poetic than it was in the days of old, inwardly its poetry is much deeper.;Goldwin Smith;poetry
Every one who has a heart, however ignorant of architecture he may be, feels the transcendent beauty and poetry of the mediaeval churches.;Goldwin Smith;poetry
Bleak House is just the most astounding piece of work. There's huge, visionary poetry in it.;Simon Callow;poetry
The poetry from the eighteenth century was prose the prose from the seventeenth century was poetry.;David Hare;poetry
Poetry is the key to the hieroglyphics of nature.;David Hare;poetry
Bad, quirky poetry might be better than some of the good stuff, because it really comes from the heart.;Cheryl Hines;poetry
Never fear: Thank Home, and Poetry, and the Force behind both.;Wilfred Owen;poetry
Poetry is also the physical self of the poet, and it is impossible to separate the poet from his poetry.;Salvatore Quasimodo;poetry
He passes from lyric to epic poetry in order to speak about the world and the torment in the world through man, rationally and emotionally. The poet then becomes a danger.;Salvatore Quasimodo;poetry
Religious poetry, civic poetry, lyric or dramatic poetry are all categories of man's expression which are valid only if the endorsement of formal content is valid.;Salvatore Quasimodo;poetry
Poetry is fascinating. As soon as it begins the poetry has changed the thing into something extra, and somehow prose can go over into poetry.;Michael Tippett;poetry
The mystical poetry of William Blake's artwork also forms the basis for the album cover.;Bruce Dickinson;poetry
None but a poet can write a tragedy. For tragedy is nothing less than pain transmuted into exaltation by the alchemy of poetry.;Edith Hamilton;poetry
The same people who are murdered slowly in the mechanized slaughterhouses of work are also arguing, singing, drinking, dancing, making love, holding the streets, picking up weapons and inventing a new poetry.;Raoul Vaneigem;poetry
There is probably nothing wrong with art for art's sake if we take the phrase seriously, and not take it to mean the kind of poetry written in England forty years ago.;Allen Tate;poetry
Serious poetry deals with the fundamental conflicts that cannot be logically resolved: we can state the conflicts rationally, but reason does not relieve us of them.;Allen Tate;poetry
I am not ridiculing verbal mechanisms, dreams, or repressions as origins of poetry all three of them and more besides may have a great deal to do with it.;Allen Tate;poetry
How does one happen to write a poem: where does it come from? That is the question asked by the psychologists or the geneticists of poetry.;Allen Tate;poetry
Eloquence is the poetry of prose.;William C. Bryant;poetry
Poetry is that art which selects and arranges the symbols of thought in such a manner as to excite the imagination the most powerfully and delightfully.;William C. Bryant;poetry
The nerds are my favourite sort of boys - any guy with a passion - whether it be physics or film or writing or poetry even, I think it's super sweet and it's very attractive for a female.;Teresa Palmer;poetry
I've been writing a lot of poetry recently. It helps me think and work things out.;Ed Westwick;poetry
I think poetry is best read to oneself.;Rickie Lee Jones;poetry
Deep feeling doesn't make for good poetry. A way with language would be a bit of help.;Thom Gunn;poetry
My old teacher's definition of poetry is an attempt to understand.;Thom Gunn;poetry
There have been two popular subjects for poetry in the last few decades: the Vietnam War and AIDS, about both of which almost all of us have felt deeply.;Thom Gunn;poetry
And I know I'm supposed to feel guilty for wanting people to buy my books... and books in general? Novels and poetry, they belong to the realm of art. How dirty of us to try to hawk art! But, after a decade of hand-wringing and apologies, I can't quite muster the guilt anymore.;Julianna Baggott;poetry
American poetry, like American painting, is always personal with an emphasis on the individuality of the poet.;Diane Wakoski;poetry
But I am not political in the current events sense, and I have never wanted anyone to read my poetry that way.;Diane Wakoski;poetry
But I don't think that poetry is a good, to use a contemporary word, venue, for current events.;Diane Wakoski;poetry
High and low culture come together in all Post Modern art, and American poetry is not excluded from this.;Diane Wakoski;poetry
I definitely wish to distinguish American poetry from British or other English language poetry.;Diane Wakoski;poetry
Still, language is resilient, and poetry when it is pressured simply goes underground.;Diane Wakoski;poetry
Because, in fact, women, feminists, do read my poetry, and they read it often with the power of their political interpretation. I don't care that's what poetry is supposed to do.;Diane Wakoski;poetry
I'm perfectly happy when I look out at an audience and it's all women. I always think it's kind of odd, but then, more women than men, I think, read and write poetry.;Diane Wakoski;poetry
PC stuff just lowers the general acceptance of good work and replaces it with bogus poetry that celebrates values that in themselves are probably quite worthy.;Diane Wakoski;poetry
Distinctly American poetry is usually written in the context of one's geographic landscape, sometimes out of one's cultural myths, and often with reference to gender and race or ethnic origins.;Diane Wakoski;poetry
From reading a previous answer, you know that I consider all those aspects to be part of American cultural myth and thus they figure into good American poetry, whether the poet is aware of what he is doing or not.;Diane Wakoski;poetry
I don't like political poetry, and I don't write it. If this question was pointing towards that, I think it is missing the point of the American tradition, which is always apolitical, even when the poetry comes out of politically active writers.;Diane Wakoski;poetry
I have always wanted what I have now come to call the voice of personal narrative. That has always been the appealing voice in poetry. It started for me lyrically in Shakespeare's sonnets.;Diane Wakoski;poetry
I think I'm a very good reader of poetry, but obviously, like everybody, I have a set of criteria for reading poems, and I'm not shy about presenting them, so if people ask for my critical response to a poem, I tell them what works and why, and what doesn't work and why.;Diane Wakoski;poetry
I think that great poetry is the most interesting and complex use of the poet's language at that point in history, and so it's even more exciting when you read a poet like Yeats, almost 100 years old now, and you think that perhaps no one can really top that.;Diane Wakoski;poetry
Poetry is, first and last, language - the rest is filler.;Mark Strand;poetry
Poetry is something that happens in universities, in creative writing programs or in English departments.;Mark Strand;poetry
I would say that American poetry has always been a poetry of personal testimony.;Mark Strand;poetry
I think the best American poetry is the poetry that utilizes the resources of poetry rather than exploits the defects or triumphs of the poet's personality.;Mark Strand;poetry
I certainly can't speak for all cultures or all societies, but it's clear that in America, poetry serves a very marginal purpose. It's not part of the cultural mainstream.;Mark Strand;poetry
I believe that all poetry is formal in that it exists within limits, limits that are either inherited by tradition or limits that language itself imposes.;Mark Strand;poetry
And yet, in a culture like ours, which is given to material comforts, and addicted to forms of entertainment that offer immediate gratification, it is surprising that so much poetry is written.;Mark Strand;poetry
And at least in poetry you should feel free to lie. That is, not to lie, but to imagine what you want, to follow the direction of the poem.;Mark Strand;poetry
A life is not sufficiently elevated for poetry, unless, of course, the life has been made into an art.;Mark Strand;poetry
A great many people seem to think writing poetry is worthwhile, even though it pays next to nothing and is not as widely read as it should be.;Mark Strand;poetry
I published, privately, a collection of my serious poetry I had written over the years. I only published 50 copies, which I gave to friends, in a special deluxe edition. It was ridiculously expensive but I'm glad that I did it.;Tom Glazer;poetry
Well, the great thing for me about poetry is that in good poems the dislocation of words, that is to say, the distance between what they say they're saying and what they are actually saying is at its greatest.;Harry Mathews;poetry
Well, I had this little notion - I started writing when I was eleven, writing poetry. I was passionately addicted to it it was my great refuge through adolescence.;Harry Mathews;poetry
My next project is to get back to that. Actually, to learn how to write poetry. I'm not kidding.;Harry Mathews;poetry
Even the people who have had success and made money writing these books of fiction seem to feel the need to pretend it's no big deal, or part of a natural progression from poetry to fiction, but often it's really just about the money, the perceived prestige.;George Murray;poetry
Humour is a fine line to walk in poetry, as in fiction. I just think it's harder to write. It's harder to keep the respect of the reader too.;George Murray;poetry
I've often entertained paranoid suspicions about my fridge and what it's been doing to my poetry when I'm not looking, but I never even considered that my fan was thinking about me.;George Murray;poetry
The poetry community here has been extraordinarily welcoming.;George Murray;poetry
Then I discovered I loved writing poetry more than fiction.;George Murray;poetry
Writing poetry makes you intensely conscious of how words sound, both aloud and inside the head of the reader. You learn the weight of words and how they sound to the ear.;Helen Dunmore;poetry
I've always written. When I was in school, the only teacher who ever liked me was my creative writing teacher. I used to enter poetry competitions, and I don't think I ever lost one. So I had the idea for a while of being some kind of poet.;Justin Townes Earle;poetry
I heard Nirvana, and discovered that songs could be like poetry, but a little bit more refined: you didn't have to have 20 verses to get your point across.;Justin Townes Earle;poetry
I began the way nearly everybody I ever heard of - I began writing poetry. And I find that to be quite usual with writers, their trying their hand at poetry.;Shelby Foote;poetry
I used to write sonnets and various things, and moved from there into writing prose, which, incidentally, is a lot more interesting than poetry, including the rhythms of prose.;Shelby Foote;poetry
Most people can't tell now who wrote what. I like that blurring of identities within the band. because it becomes a unified thing that can't be related to other forms of historical poetry.;Thurston Moore;poetry
So I suppose poetry, language, the shaping of it, was and remains for me an effort to make sense out of essentially senseless situations.;Thomas Lynch;poetry
Writing poetry is the hard manual labor of the imagination.;Ishmael Reed;poetry
Poetry is all nouns and verbs.;Marianne Moore;poetry
I see no reason for calling my work poetry except that there is no other category in which to put it.;Marianne Moore;poetry
Poetry, especially traditional Iranian poetry, is very good at looking at things from a number of different angles simultaneously.;Asghar Farhadi;poetry
As for political poetry, as it's usually defined, it seems there's very little good political poetry.;Kenneth Koch;poetry
I love painting and music, of course. I don't know nearly as much about them as I know about poetry. I've certainly been influenced by fiction. I was overwhelmed by War and Peace when I read it, and I didn't read it until I was in my late 20s.;Kenneth Koch;poetry
I was excited by what my painter friends were doing, and they seemed to be interested in our poetry too, and that was a wonderful little, fizzy sort of world.;Kenneth Koch;poetry
I wonder if I ever thought of an ideal reader... I guess when I was in my 20s and in New York and maybe even in my early 30s, I would write for my wife Janice... mainly for my poet friends and my wife, who was very smart about poetry.;Kenneth Koch;poetry
I was influenced by surrealist poetry and painting as were thousands of other people, and it seems to me to have become a part of the way I write, but it's not.;Kenneth Koch;poetry
You watch an old 'Jeopardy!' and the categories alone are very plain. 'Poetry,' or 'Movies,' or 'Physics.' If you watch it now, though, there'll be a theme board where the categories are all Hitchcock movies. Lots more jokes, lots more high-concept categories and questions.;Ken Jennings;poetry
I believe that the short story is as different a form from the novel as poetry is, and the best stories seem to me to be perhaps closer in spirit to poetry than to novels.;Tobias Wolff;poetry
Poetry teaches us music, metaphor, condensation and specificity.;Walter Mosley;poetry
But it is the province of religion, of philosophy, of pure poetry only, to go beyond life, beyond time, into eternity.;Alfred de Vigny;poetry
Most people ignore most poetry because most poetry ignores most people.;Adrian Mitchell;poetry
Written poetry is different. Best thing is to see it in performance first, then read it. Performance is more provocative.;Adrian Mitchell;poetry
I do not see how a man can work on the frontiers of physics and write poetry at the same time. They are in opposition.;Paul Dirac;poetry
I want to write a book of poetry, as well as children's stories.;Bobby McFerrin;poetry
If a line of poetry strays into my memory, my skin bristles so that the razor ceases to act.;A. E. Housman;poetry
So now I have a collection of poetry by Aaron Neville and I give it to people I want to share it with. I'd like to publish it someday.;Aaron Neville;poetry
