One of the biggest challenges we had in the first decade was not that many people had personal computers. There weren't that many people to sell to, and it was hard to identify them.;Steve Case;computers
Most of the musicians that I know almost to the man everybody uses Apple computers. They've thought of the steps that you're going to think of when you're trying to create your thing. And that's where the tools get invented to make better art.;Mike Shinoda;computers
If the machines can take the drudgery out of it and just leave us with the joy of drawing, then that's the best of both worlds - and I'll use those computers!;Don Bluth;computers
The ownership of computers in the home is far less than the statistics show, because usually when the computer breaks down once, that is the end of it for a long, long time. They do not have the money or incentive to get the computer repaired.;Major Owens;computers
People assume that computers will do everything that humans do. Not good. People are different from each other and they are all really different from computers.;Eric Schmidt;computers
Your car should drive itself. It's amazing to me that we let humans drive cars... It's a bug that cars were invented before computers.;Eric Schmidt;computers
Computers, like automobiles and airplanes, do only what people tell them to do.;Bill James;computers
I've never had Internet access. Actually, I have looked at things on other people's computers as a bystander. A few times in my life I've opened email accounts, twice actually, but it's something I don't want in my life right now.;Jhumpa Lahiri;computers
It was a huge challenge to learn digital painting well enough so that computers don't pop into mind when one sees one.;Berkeley Breathed;computers
The trick with computers I think, is to approach old and new things with the same reverence as you would like your favourite chair and not be seduced by the constant innovation otherwise you never do anything.;Colin Greenwood;computers
It's interesting to see what people are saying about me. I like keep up with the latest rumors! A while back there was a rumor that I was going to do a film with Demi Moore about the takeover of Commodore computers!;Warwick Davis;computers
Everyone has this perception that the bloggers, they say horrible things about you and they hide behind their computers where you can't see them.;L'Wren Scott;computers
The guy who knows about computers is the last person you want to have creating documentation for people who don't understand computers.;Adam Osborne;computers
People who are more than casually interested in computers should have at least some idea of what the underlying hardware is like. Otherwise the programs they write will be pretty weird.;Donald Knuth;computers
Lighter computers and lighter sensors would let you have more function in a given weight, which is very important if you are launching things into space, and you have to pay by the pound to put things there.;Ralph Merkle;computers
Every ISP is being attacked, maliciously both from in the United States and outside of the United States, by those who want to invade people's privacy. But more importantly they want to take control of computers, they want to hack them, they want to steal information.;Darrell Issa;computers
Computers have become more friendly, understandable, and lots of years and thought have been put into developing software to convince people that they want and need a computer.;Roberta Williams;computers
I don't care how big and fast computers are, they're not as big and fast as the world.;Herbert Simon;computers
We have an epidemic of sexual predators following our children, whether it be on the computers, whether it be in our public parks, whether it be in the workplace, or even our schools.;Jon Porter;computers
Well, we didn't have our original drummer on our last record. And most of that album was not played as a band in the studio. It was mostly the world of computers and overdubs. There was very few things played live or worked out as a band.;James Iha;computers
But I'm so slow on it because I find it terribly hard writing blind on computers. The computer speaks to me, but it's just so slow, I'm so terribly slow using it.;Jack Vance;computers
I continue to meet people who have had their Web pages hijacked, their browsers corrupted, in some cases, their children exposed to inappropriate material from these dangerous programs hidden in their family computers.;Cliff Stearns;computers
It seems like everything that we see perceived in the brain before we actually use our own eyes, that everything we see is coming through computers or machines and then is being input in our brain cells. So that really worries me.;Hayao Miyazaki;computers
But computers have changed the world for everyone, so there will be some way of working it out.;Debbie Harry;computers
The idea that so many kids eat rubbish and sit on computers all day long appals me and getting them into sport is a major way of getting them off computers and leading healthier lives.;Kirsty Gallacher;computers
Before computers, telephone lines and television connect us, we all share the same air, the same oceans, the same mountains and rivers. We are all equally responsible for protecting them.;Julia Louis-Dreyfus;computers
Something else has happened with computers.;Seth Lloyd;computers
What's happened with society is that we have created these devices, computers, which already can register and process huge amounts of information, which is a significant fraction of the amount of information that human beings themselves, as a species, can process.;Seth Lloyd;computers
One of the things that is not so good is that a decision was made long ago about the size of an IP address - 32 bits. At the time it was a number much larger than anyone could imagine ever having that many computers but it turned out to be to small.;Jon Postel;computers
China has legally purchased high performance computers, advanced machine tools, and semiconductor-manufacturing equipment from several American companies.;Charles Foster Bass;computers
Over the eons I've been a fan of, and sucker for, each latest automated system to 'simplify' and 'bring order to' my life. Very early on this led me to the beautiful-and-doomed Lotus Agenda for my DOS computers, and Actioneer for the early Palm.;James Fallows;computers
I am a huge supporter for cash for caulkers - which allows people to make improvement for energy efficient in their homes. We should do the same for Americans purchasing appliances and computers and for that matter, new air-conditioner and heating units.;Harold Ford;computers
While the recent addition of the National Guard providing a support role manning computers and cameras has allowed more Border Patrol agents to work the field, more agents are still needed.;Timothy Murphy;computers
Comic books aren't nerdy. You'd have to be an idiot to think computers are nerdy.;Adam Brody;computers
We've been working now with computers and education for 30 years, computers in developing countries for 20 years, and trying to make low-cost machines for 10 years. This is not a sudden turn down the road.;Nicholas Negroponte;computers
My e-mail address is actually my wife's e-mail address. I actually hate computers.;Joe Sakic;computers
People are craving this great progress in electronics, going after computers, the Internet, etc. It's a giant progress technologically. But they must have a balance of soul, a balance for human beauty. That means art has an important role.;Mstislav Rostropovich;computers
Computers are scary. They're nightmares to fix, lose our stuff, and, on occasion, they crash, producing the blue screen of death. Steve Jobs knew this. He knew that computers were bulky and hernia-inducing and Darth Vader black. He understood the value of declarative design.;Wesley Morris;computers
I like computers. I like the Internet. It's a tool that can be used. But don't be misled into thinking that these technologies are anything other than aspects of a degenerate economic system.;Jerry Brown;computers
And it's here and it's ready and we can really revolutionize the way we educate our children with tablet computers, and I'm committed to doing whatever I can to speaking to whomever I can to send this signal - to pound this message home. Now is the time.;LeVar Burton;computers
I don't look at computers as opponents. For me it is much more interesting to beat humans.;Magnus Carlsen;computers
I've never been much of a computer guy at least in terms of playing with computers. Actually until I was about 11 I didn't use a computer for preparing for games at all. I was playing a bit online, was using the chess club mainly. Now, obviously, the computer is an important tool for me preparing for my games.;Magnus Carlsen;computers
Well, the big products in electronics in the '50s were radio and television. The first big computers were just beginning to come in and represented the most logical market for us to work in.;Jack Kilby;computers
Eventually, I believe, current attempts to understand the mind by analogy with man-made computers that can perform superbly some of the same external tasks as conscious beings will be recognized as a gigantic waste of time.;Thomas Nagel;computers
It is an interesting fact that during my tour I was never allowed access to computers, radios, or anything else that I might damage through curiosity, or perhaps something more sinister.;Robert B. Laughlin;computers
Video games and computers have become babysitters for kids.;Taylor Kitsch;computers
People are on their computers more than watching TV, because you can only watch voyeur TV, which is basically what reality shows are, for so long.;Stephen Root;computers
After a semester or so, my infatuation with computers burnt out as quickly as it had begun.;Eric Allin Cornell;computers
If I was designing a web site for elementary school children, I might have a much higher percentage of older computers with outdated browsers since keeping up with browser and hardware technology has not traditionally been a strong point of most elementary schools.;Mike Davidson;computers
I have three brothers and they're all into computers. They're all intellects. My mother would pay me a quarter a page to read a book and I couldn't make 50 cents. I just couldn't do it.;Josh Holloway;computers
I am cursed with computers something always goes wrong.;Carla Bruni;computers
Kids are finding out about the potential for discovery online from other sources many of them have computers at home, for instance, or their friends have them.;Daniel Greenberg;computers
I realized that I loved using computers to create something, but being an architect just wasn't going to keep me interested. The idea of a life spent obsessing over bathroom details for an Upper East Side penthouse was pretty depressing.;Joseph Kosinski;computers
Computers are hierarchical. We have a desktop and hierarchical files which have to mean everything.;Ted Nelson;computers
They were saying computers deal with numbers. This was absolutely nonsense. Computers deal with arbitrary information of any kind.;Ted Nelson;computers
Nowadays shots are created in post-production, on computers. It's not really photography.;Mary Ellen Mark;computers
People don't understand computers. Computers are magical boxes that do things. People believe what computers tell them.;Bruce Schneier;computers
So a more sensible thing it seemed to me was to go to Silicon Valley and be pushing on the technology companies to accelerate the use of audio and music in computers.;Thomas Dolby;computers
Interactive computers and software will, I think, provide a less costly method of doing some kinds of inquiry, in knowledge acquisition and even reasoning and interaction.;Roy Romer;computers
We all grew up, our grandmothers and mothers had about three channels to watch, so we watched those soaps and now, a generation has grown up with the Internet and computers and video games.;Jack Wagner;computers
We can just assume they have much more and powerful, more advanced technology, all the new computers, everything could be much more easier and help them to build much more and many more nuclear weapons.;Mordechai Vanunu;computers
Well, my wife always says to me, and I think it's true, it's very difficult for us to understand the Elizabethan understanding and enjoyment and perception of form as it is to say... it would be for them to understand computers or going to the moon or something.;Mark Rylance;computers
Diaspora starts about a thousand years from now. Most of human civilisation has moved inside computers essentially, a major branch of our descendants consists of conscious software.;Greg Egan;computers
Obviously, our children, who have been playing with their computers since the age of five or six, don't have quite the same brain as those who were brought up on wooden or metal toys, whose brains are certainly atrophied by comparison.;Claude Vorilhon;computers
When I was in Japan on tour in 2010, I felt like I was 30 years into the future. I love technology and they are so advanced with their phones, computers, everything. I think they had the iPhone way before we did in the U.S. I love gadgets, games, social media and I try to stay ahead on all that stuff, but they get it all first.;Soulja Boy;computers
Smartphones can relay patients' data to hospital computers in a continuous stream. Doctors can alter treatment regimens remotely, instead of making patients come in for a visit.;Charles C. Mann;computers
A smartphone links patients' bodies and doctors' computers, which in turn are connected to the Internet, which in turn is connected to any smartphone anywhere. The new devices could put the management of an individual's internal organs in the hands of every hacker, online scammer, and digital vandal on Earth.;Charles C. Mann;computers
Computers rather frighten me, because I never did learn to type, so the whole thing seems extraordinarily complicated to me.;Charles Keating;computers
Originally, I was in both software and in online computing. The first innovation really was sort of at that time that we're marrying the telephone and the computer so that people wouldn't have to drive to the computer center. We didn't have $1,000 computers.;Sam Wyly;computers
They went back there, looked at all the computers, asked me to come in and tell them what all the computers were for specifically so they knew how to dismantle the network I had been running.;Sherman Austin;computers
When they were done downloading all the information off each hard drive, they took all the computers, all the literature, and loaded everything into a big white truck and left.;Sherman Austin;computers
I am interested in computers and technology, and art, photography, and design.;William Landay;computers
Learning can take place in the backyard if there is a human being there who cares about the child. Before learning computers, children should learn to read first. They should sit around the dinner table and hear what their parents have to say and think.;Dixie Carter;computers
Computers and electronic music are not the opposite of the warm human music. It's exactly the same.;Bill Laswell;computers
And my real enemy is not to hold the specimen sterile, but it's the lighting. The light is our real enemy. So we have to work with very very poor lighting. But we can increase the light with computers.;Lennart Nilsson;computers
That's the new way - with computers, computers, computers. That's the way we can have the cell survive and get some new information in high resolution. We started about five years ago and, today, I think we have reached the target.;Lennart Nilsson;computers
I'm looking to evolve the concept of the new renaissance artist, taking the world by storm through the art of public display and demonstration, with technical savvy, using cell phones and computers.;Perry Farrell;computers
I think I was lucky to come of age in a place and time - the American South in the 1960s and '70s - when the machine hadn't completely taken over life. The natural world was still the world, and machines - TV, telephone, cars - were still more or less ancillary, and computers were unheard of in everyday life.;Ben Fountain;computers
I use computers for email, staying current with my own website as well as finding important information through other websites. I also use it for creating MP3 files of new music I'm working on.;Clint Black;computers
I started getting into Internet technologies and computers. I wasn't especially interested in being a musician, but I wound up finding my way back to being interested in music through computers.;Eric Avery;computers
Equipped with cell phones, beepers, and handheld computers, the 'conspicuously industrious' blur the line between home and office by working anytime, anywhere.;Jo Ann Davis;computers
From computers to information technology to airplanes, it has been America's unique blend of republican government and free-market capitalism that has allowed us to surpass all other nations in history.;George Nethercutt;computers
Over and over again, financial experts and wonkish talking heads endeavor to explain these mysterious, 'toxic' financial instruments to us lay folk. Over and over, they ignobly fail, because we all know that no one understands credit default obligations and derivatives, except perhaps Mr. Buffett and the computers who created them.;Richard Dooling;computers
Theaters are always going to be around, and doing fine. With computers and technology, we're becoming more and more secluded from each other. And the movie theater is one of the last places where we can still gather and experience something together. I don't think the desire for that magic will ever go away.;Wolfgang Petersen;computers
Well, I had a lot of help from my father with the soldering and so on, and he was very good at math and was fascinated with computers, and so I was fortunate enough to have a bunch of exposure going all the way back to high school - this was in the 1960s.;Mitch Kapor;computers
So the thing I realized rather gradually - I must say starting about 20 years ago now that we know about computers and things - there's a possibility of a more general basis for rules to describe nature.;Stephen Wolfram;computers
There were no PCs when I started programming on computers.;Dave Winer;computers
When the first computers started to come in, we tried to digitalize the seismological equipment.;Frank Press;computers
There has never been an unexpectedly short debugging period in the history of computers.;Steven Levy;computers
Computers are to design as microwaves are to cooking.;Milton Glaser;computers
I actually use a computer a lot. I have three computers that I use on a regular basis - one is on my desk top in my Washington office, another is at home, and I have my laptop that I use when I'm travelling.;Rick Boucher;computers
There's my education in computers, right there this is the whole thing, everything I took out of a book.;Howard Aiken;computers
The big question society will have to answer is whether it wants computers thinking like humans.;David Smith;computers
Today, computers help us making the music. It's really a tool.;Yael Naim;computers
Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances.;Thomas Jefferson;cool
Rather be dead than cool.;Kurt Cobain;cool
All women do have a different sense of sexuality, or sense of fun, or sense of like what's sexy or cool or tough.;Angelina Jolie;cool
Let your soul stand cool and composed before a million universes.;Walt Whitman;cool
It's really kind of cool to have solar panels on your roof.;Bill Gates;cool
