I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap.;Rodney Dangerfield;family
As a single withered tree, if set aflame, causes a whole forest to burn, so does a rascal son destroy a whole family.;Chanakya;family
I love my family very much. I wish I could see them a little more often than I do. But we understand because we're a show business family and we all work.;Michael Jackson;family
This is all the inheritance I give to my dear family. The religion of Christ will give them one which will make them rich indeed.;Patrick Henry;family
My biggest hobby is hanging out with my family and kids.;Joel Osteen;family
I was angry and frustrated until I started my own family and my first child was born. Until then I didn't really appreciate life the way I should have, but fortunately I woke up.;Johnny Depp;family
The most important thing in the world is family and love.;John Wooden;family
My mother's love has always been a sustaining force for our family, and one of my greatest joys is seeing her integrity, her compassion, her intelligence reflected in my daughters.;Michelle Obama;family
A man ought to live so that everybody knows he is a Christian... and most of all, his family ought to know.;Dwight L. Moody;family
If you cannot work on the marriage or the women is a moron, staying married and cheating makes the most sense because divorce is disruptive to the family life and your bank account.;Al Goldstein;family
The American culture promotes personal responsibility, the dignity of work, the value of education, the merit of service, devotion to a purpose greater than self, and at the foundation, the pre-eminence of family.;Mitt Romney;family
Now is the moment when we can stand up and say, 'I'm an American. I make my destiny. And we deserve better! My children deserve better! My family deserves better. My country deserves better!' So here we stand. Americans have a choice.;Mitt Romney;family
My dad had been born in Mexico and his family had to leave during the Mexican revolution.;Mitt Romney;family
The promise of America has always been that if you worked hard, had the right values, took some risks, that there was an opportunity to build a better life for your family and for your next generation.;Mitt Romney;family
President Obama promised to begin to slow the rise of the oceans and heal the planet. My promise... is to help you and your family.;Mitt Romney;family
When someone has cancer, the whole family and everyone who loves them does, too.;Terri Clark;family
I love my family and I miss them very much but I'm a new person now. I know a lot of people will not agree with what I've done, but it was right for me.;LaToya Jackson;family
I have now disposed of all my property to my family. There is one thing more I wish I could give them, and that is the Christian religion.;Patrick Henry;family
Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family.;Kofi Annan;family
Nobody has ever before asked the nuclear family to live all by itself in a box the way we do. With no relatives, no support, we've put it in an impossible situation.;Margaret Mead;family
You cannot have maternal health without reproductive health. And reproductive health includes contraception and family planning and access to legal, safe abortion.;Hillary Clinton;family
Family quarrels are bitter things. They don't go according to any rules. They're not like aches or wounds, they're more like splits in the skin that won't heal because there's not enough material.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;family
All the men in my family were bearded, and most of the women.;W. C. Fields;family
I'm just glad I was able to return to some of that innocence and beauty I had as a child when I started my own family, and my children brought me back some of that spirit.;Angelina Jolie;family
Be strong, believe in freedom and in God, love yourself, understand your sexuality, have a sense of humor, masturbate, don't judge people by their religion, color or sexual habits, love life and your family.;Madonna Ciccone;family
If you ever start feeling like you have the goofiest, craziest, most dysfunctional family in the world, all you have to do is go to a state fair. Because five minutes at the fair, you'll be going, 'you know, we're alright. We are dang near royalty.';Jeff Foxworthy;family
The place of the father in the modern suburban family is a very small one, particularly if he plays golf.;Bertrand Russell;family
A family with the wrong members in control that, perhaps, is as near as one can come to describing England in a phrase.;George Orwell;family
Cherish your human connections: your relationships with friends and family.;Joseph Brodsky;family
All in the Family was intellectual it was art.;Carroll O'Connor;family
Where would you be without friends? The people to pick you up when you need lifting? We come from homes far from perfect, so you end up almost parent and sibling to your friends - your own chosen family. There's nothing like a really loyal, dependable, good friend. Nothing.;Jennifer Aniston;family
I think every girl needs to love herself, regardless of anything. Like if you're having a bad day, if you don't like your hair, if you don't have the best family situation, whatever, you have to love yourself and you can't do anything until you love yourself first.;Julianne Hough;family
In my family, we were Americans, we were Republicans and we were Methodists.;Hillary Clinton;family
No one really wants to admit they are lonely, and it is never really addressed very much between friends and family. But I have felt lonely many times in my life.;Bill Murray;family
I think every chef, not just in America, but across the world, has a double-edged sword - two jackets, one that's driven, a self-confessed perfectionist, thoroughbred, hate incompetence and switch off the stove, take off the jacket and become a family man.;Gordon Ramsay;family
Basketball is my passion, I love it. But my family and friends mean everything to me. That's what's important. I need my phone so I can keep in contact with them at all times.;LeBron James;family
Happy or unhappy, families are all mysterious. We have only to imagine how differently we would be described - and will be, after our deaths - by each of the family members who believe they know us.;Gloria Steinem;family
I believe with all my heart that America remains 'the great idea' that inspires the world. It is a privilege to be born here. It is an honor to become a citizen here. It is a gift to raise your family here, to vote here, and to live here.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;family
No amount of law enforcement can solve a problem that goes back to the family.;J. Edgar Hoover;family
Family love is messy, clinging, and of an annoying and repetitive pattern, like bad wallpaper.;P. J. O'Rourke;family
The seven deadly sins: Want of money, bad health, bad temper, chastity, family ties, knowing that you know things, and believing in the Christian religion.;Samuel Butler;family
Nixon was the most dishonest individual I have ever met in my life. He lied to his wife, his family, his friends, his colleagues in the Congress, lifetime members of his own political party, the American people and the world.;Barry Goldwater;family
Apparently, one in five people in the world are Chinese. And there are five people in my family, so it must be one of them. It's either my mum or my dad. Or my older brother, Colin. Or my younger brother, Ho-Chan-Chu. But I think it's Colin.;Tim Vine;family
If you have autism in the family history, you still vaccinate. Delay it a bit, space them out.;Temple Grandin;family
I am blessed to have so many great things in my life - family, friends and God. All will be in my thoughts daily.;Lil' Kim;family
At best the family teaches the finest things human beings can learn from one another generosity and love. But it is also, all too often, where we learn nasty things like hate, rage and shame.;Barbara Ehrenreich;family
I say, If everybody in this house lives where it's God first, friends and family second and you third, we won't ever have an argument.;Jeff Foxworthy;family
But the problem is that when I go around and speak on campuses, I still don't get young men standing up and saying, 'How can I combine career and family?';Gertrude Stein;family
My father was brought up in an orphanage in the Catskills. He was a factory worker. And because his family wasn't there for him, family was everything. We could disagree inside the house, but outside the house it was us against the world. So when I became a drag actor, he looked sideways but said okay.;Harvey Fierstein;family
My family and I would never receive royalties on the revenue that my materials brought into the church materials that were created on our own personal time.;Robert H. Schuller;family
A good job is more than just a paycheck. A good job fosters independence and discipline, and contributes to the health of the community. A good job is a means to provide for the health and welfare of your family, to own a home, and save for retirement.;James H. Douglas;family
My work and my family are very important to me.;Stephen Hawking;family
I refuse to feel guilty. I feel guilty about too much in my life but not about money. I went through periods when I had nothing, so somebody in my family has to get stinkin' wealthy.;Jim Carrey;family
Everything I have, my career, my success, my family, I owe to America.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;family
Probably the worst time in a person's life is when they have to kill a family member because they are the devil. But otherwise it's been a pretty good day.;Emo Philips;family
If you have learned how to disagree without being disagreeable, then you have discovered the secrete of getting along - whether it be business, family relations, or life itself.;Bernard Meltzer;family
My wife and I both come from Irish families. There are two kinds of Irish families: the hitting kind and the kidding kind. If you're fortunate - and both of us are - you come from the kidding kind of Irish family.;P. J. O'Rourke;family
My family kinda hit the skids. We were experiencing poverty at that point. We all got a job, where the whole family had to work as security guards and janitors. And I just got angry.;Jim Carrey;family
The practice of patience toward one another, the overlooking of one another's defects, and the bearing of one another's burdens is the most elementary condition of all human and social activity in the family, in the professions, and in society.;Lawrence G. Lovasik;family
It's hard knowing who to trust with your personal life. When you cry in your room at night, you don't always know who to call. So I am very close to my family.;Lady Gaga;family
The most remarkable thing about my mother is that for thirty years she served the family nothing but leftovers. The original meal has never been found.;Calvin Trillin;family
Think about what people are doing on Facebook today. They're keeping up with their friends and family, but they're also building an image and identity for themselves, which in a sense is their brand. They're connecting with the audience that they want to connect to. It's almost a disadvantage if you're not on it now.;Mark Zuckerberg;family
Italians come to ruin most generally in three ways, women, gambling, and farming. My family chose the slowest one.;Pope John XXIII;family
I had this child, and it destroyed my family.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;family
People should watch out for three things: avoid a major addiction, don't get so deeply into debt that it controls your life, and don't start a family before you're ready to settle down.;James Taylor;family
I was told to avoid the business all together because of the rejection. People would say to me, 'Don't you want to have a normal job and a normal family?' I guess that would be good advice for some people, but I wanted to act.;Jennifer Aniston;family
There is little less trouble in governing a private family than a whole kingdom.;Michel de Montaigne;family
There is not much less vexation in the government of a private family than in the managing of an entire state.;Michel de Montaigne;family
The God who existed before any religion counts on you to make the oneness of the human family known and celebrated.;Desmond Tutu;family
I do have a close circle of friends and I am very fortunate to have them as friends. I feel very close to them I think friends are everything in life after your family. You come across lots of people all the time but you only make very few friends and you have to be true to them otherwise what's the point in life?;Shahrukh Khan;family
The baby boomers are getting older, and will stay older for longer. And they will run right into the dementia firing range. How will a society cope? Especially a society that can't so readily rely on those stable family relationships that traditionally provided the backbone of care?;Terry Pratchett;family
Universal peace sounds ridiculous to the head of an average family.;Kin Hubbard;family
The Hispanic community understands the American Dream and have not forgotten what they were promised - that in the U.S., a free market system, allows us all to succeed economically, achieve stability and security for your family and leave your children better off than yourselves.;Marco Rubio;family
Clearly older women and especially older women who have led an active life or elder women who successfully maneuver through their own family life have so much to teach us about sharing, patience, and wisdom.;Alice Walker;family
I've been so fortunate in my life that my family has never been jealous of my success. They have shown true love and commitment to me by being supportive. They shared in it.;Mike Krzyzewski;family
Sure, I have friends, plenty of friends, and they all come around wantin' to borrow money. I've always been generous with my friends and family, with money, but selfish with the important stuff like love.;Richard Pryor;family
There are no adequate substitutes for father, mother, and children bound together in a loving commitment to nurture and protect. No government, no matter how well-intentioned, can take the place of the family in the scheme of things.;Gerald R. Ford;family
Christmas can have a real melancholy aspect, 'cause it packages itself as this idea of perfect family cohesion and love, and you're always going to come up short when you measure your personal life against the idealized personal lives that are constantly thrust in our faces, primarily by TV commercials.;Dan Savage;family
As women slowly gain power, their values and priorities are reshaping the agenda. A multitude of studies show that when women control the family funds, they generally spend more on health, nutrition, and education - and less on alcohol and cigarettes.;Dee Dee Myers;family
As you age naturally, your family shows more and more on your face. If you deny that, you deny your heritage.;Frances Conroy;family
The virtue of privacy is one that must be protected in matters that are intimate and within one's own family.;Tiger Woods;family
The moment someone chooses to trust in Jesus Christ, his sins are wiped away, and he is adopted into God's family. That individual is set apart as a child of God, with a sacred purpose.;Charles Stanley;family
Left-wing politicians take away your liberty in the name of children and of fighting poverty, while right-wing politicians do it in the name of family values and fighting drugs. Either way, government gets bigger and you become less free.;Harry Browne;family
The only sensible ends of literature are, first, the pleasurable toil of writing second, the gratification of one's family and friends and lastly, the solid cash.;Nathaniel Hawthorne;family
I don't have to look up my family tree, because I know that I'm the sap.;Fred Allen;family
We give a lot of others significance in our lives even when they don't deserve it. It doesn't matter if they're family or if you've known them forever. If they're not good for you, they've got to go.;Gabrielle Union;family
If you dream of something worth doing and then simply go to work on it and don't think anything of personalities, or emotional conflicts, or of money, or of family distractions it is amazing how quickly you get through those 5,000 steps.;Edwin Land;family
If you have issues with family, friends, and people at work, try and solve these issues head on so you can move on and concentrate on having the life you want.;Heidi Klum;family
In that I found being able to talk to my family about my feelings, praying for strength and realizing that our lives have a deep purpose and the journey of our lives is to find out what that is and express it, was the only way I could have gotten through it.;Marlo Thomas;family
Everything happens for a reason. I'm used to it, I prepare for it. Like I say, at the end of the day, those in charge of their own destiny are going to do what's right for them and their family.;Shaquille O'Neal;family
A family is a unit composed not only of children but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold.;Ogden Nash;family
We are special because we've been united not by a common race or ethnicity. We're bound together by common values. That family is the most important institution in society. That almighty God is the source of all we have.;Marco Rubio;family
You all know that I have been sustained throughout my life by three saving graces - my family, my friends, and a faith in the power of resilience and hope. These graces have carried me through difficult times and they have brought more joy to the good times than I ever could have imagined.;Elizabeth Edwards;family
I think illness is a family journey, no matter what the outcome. Everybody has to be allowed to process it and mourn and deal with it in their own way.;Marcia Wallace;family
God's dream is that you and I and all of us will realize that we are family, that we are made for togetherness, for goodness, and for compassion.;Desmond Tutu;family
Your ability to communicate is an important tool in your pursuit of your goals, whether it is with your family, your co-workers or your clients and customers.;Les Brown;family
One of the greatest things drama can do, at it's best, is to redefine the words we use every day such as love, home, family, loyalty and envy. Tragedy need not be a downer.;Ben Kingsley;family
My childhood was safe and sane. No abuse and no traumas. I was surrounded by a large and loving family who taught me the importance of hard work and a meaningful education.;Ronnie James Dio;family
I think that in a year I may retire. I cannot take my money with me when I die and I wish to enjoy it, with my family, while I live. I should prefer living in Germany to any other country, though I am an American, and am loyal to my country.;Harry Houdini;family
