Using the power you derive from the discovery of the truth about racism in South Africa, you will help us to remake our part of the world into a corner of the globe on which all - of which all of humanity can be proud.;Oliver Tambo;power
The educator must believe in the potential power of his pupil, and he must employ all his art in seeking to bring his pupil to experience this power.;Alfred Adler;power
The real rulers in Washington are invisible, and exercise power from behind the scenes.;Felix Frankfurter;power
Nothing can add more power to your life than concentrating all your energies on a limited set of targets.;Nido Qubein;power
No government fights fascism to destroy it. When the bourgeoisie sees that power is slipping out of its hands, it brings up fascism to hold onto their privileges.;Buenaventura Durruti;power
Well, I think indigenous peoples have ways of living on the Earth that they've had forever. And they've been overrun by organized religion, which has had a lot of money and power.;Alice Walker;power
Are you in earnest? Seize this very minute! Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. Only engage, and then the mind grows heated. Begin, and then the work will be completed.;Jean Anouilh;power
A politician's goal is always to manipulate public debate. I think there are some politicians with higher goals. But all of them get corrupted by power.;Dean Koontz;power
A bad book is the worse that it cannot repent. It has not been the devil's policy to keep the masses of mankind in ignorance but finding that they will read, he is doing all in his power to poison their books.;John Kenneth Galbraith;power
There's a great power in words, if you don't hitch too many of them together.;Josh Billings;power
Goodness, armed with power, is corrupted and pure love without power is destroyed.;Reinhold Niebuhr;power
The momentum of freedom in our world is unmistakable - and it is not carried forward by our power alone. We can trust in that greater power Who guides the unfolding of the years. And in all that is to come, we can know that His purposes are just and true.;George W. Bush;power
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.;Mary Pickford;power
Every time you don't follow your inner guidance, you feel a loss of energy, loss of power, a sense of spiritual deadness.;Shakti Gawain;power
When it comes to controlling human beings, there is no better instrument than lies. Because you see, humans live by beliefs. And beliefs can be manipulated. The power to manipulate beliefs is the only thing that counts.;Michael Ende;power
If the Holy Spirit can take over the subconscious with our consent and cooperation, then we have almighty Power working at the basis of our lives, then we can do anything we ought to do, go anywhere we ought to go, and be anything we ought to be.;E. Stanley Jones;power
You all know that I have been sustained throughout my life by three saving graces - my family, my friends, and a faith in the power of resilience and hope. These graces have carried me through difficult times and they have brought more joy to the good times than I ever could have imagined.;Elizabeth Edwards;power
Use power to help people. For we are given power not to advance our own purposes nor to make a great show in the world, nor a name. There is but one just use of power and it is to serve people.;George W. Bush;power
You must never underestimate the power of the eyebrow.;Jack Black;power
The power of the ballot we need in sheer defense, else what shall save us from a second slavery?;W. E. B. Du Bois;power
I'm sure we, the American people, are the butt of jokes by those in power.;Alice Walker;power
I'm not the same person I was. I used to act dumb. It was an act. I am 26 years old, and that act is no longer cute. It is not who I am, nor do I want to be that person for the young girls who looked up to me. I know now that I can make a difference, that I have the power to do that.;Paris Hilton;power
Power is not something that can be assumed or discarded at will like underwear.;John Kenneth Galbraith;power
In the United States, though power corrupts, the expectation of power paralyzes.;John Kenneth Galbraith;power
If you think of paying court to the men in power, your eternal ruin is assured.;Stendhal;power
Women are a sisterhood. They make common cause in behalf of the sex and, indeed, this is natural enough, when we consider the vast power that the law gives us over them.;William Cobbett;power
The power to question is the basis of all human progress.;Indira Gandhi;power
It is by its promise of a sense of power that evil often attracts the weak.;Eric Hoffer;power
Barack Obama's enemies are the people who make this country work. Barack Obama's enemies are those who succeed. Those are the people whose income he wants to redistribute. Those are the people whose income he wants to take, using the power and the force of the federal government to do it.;Rush Limbaugh;power
But the lover's power is the poet's power. He can make love from all the common strings with which this world is strung.;Amelia Barr;power
By nature's kindly disposition most questions which it is beyond a man's power to answer do not occur to him at all.;George Santayana;power
The exercise of power is determined by thousands of interactions between the world of the powerful and that of the powerless, all the more so because these worlds are never divided by a sharp line: everyone has a small part of himself in both.;Vaclav Havel;power
Nothing is more gratifying to the mind of man than power or dominion.;Joseph Addison;power
Education is a human right with immense power to transform. On its foundation rest the cornerstones of freedom, democracy and sustainable human development.;Kofi Annan;power
The incentive to ambition is the love of power.;William Hazlitt;power
Appreciate the power of rumor, often malicious, no matter how preposterous, within the local populations you are seeking to help.;Alvin Adams;power
Democracy shows not only its power in reforming governments, but in regenerating a race of men and this is the greatest blessing of free governments.;Andrew Jackson;power
My dad is still Christian Scientist. My mom's not, and I'm not. But I believe in God, and that there's a higher power and an intelligence that's bigger than us and that we can rely on. It's not just us, thinking we are the ones in control of everything. That idea gives me support.;Ellen DeGeneres;power
If forgers and malefactors are put to death by the secular power, there is much more reason for excommunicating and even putting to death one convicted of heresy.;Thomas Aquinas;power
A lot of women these days, a lot of young women don't want to call themselves feminists. You have this cheap, hideous 'girl power' sort of fad, which I think is pretty benign at best, but at worst, I think it's a way of taking the politics out of feminism and making it some kind of fashion.;Ani DiFranco;power
A leader has the vision and conviction that a dream can be achieved. He inspires the power and energy to get it done.;Ralph Nader;power
When virtue and modesty enlighten her charms, the lustre of a beautiful woman is brighter than the stars of heaven, and the influence of her power it is in vain to resist.;Akhenaton;power
Power is no blessing in itself, except when it is used to protect the innocent.;Jonathan Swift;power
The good man is he who rules himself as he does his own property: his autonomous being is modelled on material power.;Theodor Adorno;power
New York City is a great monument to the power of money and greed... a race for rent.;Frank Lloyd Wright;power
Who would not give up wit for power and beauty?;Mason Cooley;power
Power is domination, control, and therefore a very selective form of truth which is a lie.;Wole Soyinka;power
The symptoms of fascist thinking are colored by environment and adapted to immediate circumstances. But always and everywhere they can be identified by their appeal to prejudice and by the desire to play upon the fears and vanities of different groups in order to gain power.;Henry A. Wallace;power
Scientists will eventually stop flailing around with solar power and focus their efforts on harnessing the only truly unlimited source of energy on the planet: stupidity. I predict that in the future, scientists will learn how to convert stupidity into clean fuel.;Scott Adams;power
I am more and more convinced that man is a dangerous creature and that power, whether vested in many or a few, is ever grasping, and like the grave, cries, 'Give, give.';Abigail Adams;power
I'm learning the power of going away for the weekend and keeping myself company.;Zoe Saldana;power
If women be educated for dependence that is, to act according to the will of another fallible being, and submit, right or wrong, to power, where are we to stop?;Mary Wollstonecraft;power
The strategic adversary is fascism... the fascism in us all, in our heads and in our everyday behavior, the fascism that causes us to love power, to desire the very thing that dominates and exploits us.;Michel Foucault;power
The control of information is something the elite always does, particularly in a despotic form of government. Information, knowledge, is power. If you can control information, you can control people.;Tom Clancy;power
The only power deserving the name is that of masses, and of governments while they make themselves the organ of the tendencies and instincts of masses.;John Stuart Mill;power
The California crunch really is the result of not enough power-generating plants and then not enough power to power the power of generating plants.;George W. Bush;power
With power comes the abuse of power. And where there are bosses, there are crazy bosses. It's nothing new.;Judd Rose;power
Western civilization, unfortunately, does not link knowledge and morality but rather, it connects knowledge and power and makes them equivalent.;Vine Deloria, Jr.;power
To get power over is to defile. To possess is to defile.;Simone Weil;power
Evil, when we are in its power, is not felt as evil, but as a necessity, even a duty.;Simone Weil;power
In the intellectual order, the virtue of humility is nothing more nor less than the power of attention.;Simone Weil;power
For real change, we need feminine energy in the management of the world. We need a critical number of women in positions of power, and we need to nurture the feminine energy in men.;Isabel Allende;power
I love being a wife and homemaker - because it's my choice. My husband doesn't expect me to do it. I don't mind doing things for him because he does so much for me we both feel that way so there is no power struggle.;Salma Hayek;power
Education is the power to think clearly, the power to act well in the worlds work, and the power to appreciate life.;Brigham Young;power
In the power of fixing the attention lies the most precious of the intellectual habits.;Robert Hall;power
The almost insoluble task is to let neither the power of others, nor our own powerlessness, stupefy us.;Theodor Adorno;power
The screen is a magic medium. It has such power that it can retain interest as it conveys emotions and moods that no other art form can hope to tackle.;Stanley Kubrick;power
It is remarkable by how much a pinch of malice enhances the penetrating power of an idea or an opinion. Our ears, it seems, are wonderfully attuned to sneers and evil reports about our fellow men.;Eric Hoffer;power
Every addition to true knowledge is an addition to human power.;Horace Mann;power
People demand freedom only when they have no power.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;power
I have never seen opponents so silent about their record, and so desperate to keep their power.;Paul Ryan;power
I believe in the transformational power of liberty. I believe that the free Iraq is in this nation's interests. I believe a free Afghanistan is in this nation's interest.;George W. Bush;power
The power of fortune is confessed only by the miserable, for the happy impute all their success to prudence or merit.;Jonathan Swift;power
Power and violence are opposites where the one rules absolutely, the other is absent. Violence appears where power is in jeopardy, but left to its own course it ends in power's disappearance.;Hannah Arendt;power
It is through this mysterious power that we too have our being, and we therefore yield to our neighbors, even to our animal neighbors, the same right as ourselves to inhabit this vast land.;Sitting Bull;power
I believe the root of all evil is abuse of power.;Patricia Cornwell;power
No power in society, no hardship in your condition can depress you, keep you down, in knowledge, power, virtue, influence, but by your own consent.;William Ellery Channing;power
The sea - this truth must be confessed - has no generosity. No display of manly qualities - courage, hardihood, endurance, faithfulness - has ever been known to touch its irresponsible consciousness of power.;Joseph Conrad;power
Remember, each one of us has the power to change the world. Just start thinking peace, and the message will spread quicker than you think.;Yoko Ono;power
The worst pain a man can suffer: to have insight into much and power over nothing.;Herodotus;power
Numerous politicians have seized absolute power and muzzled the press. Never in history has the press seized absolute power and muzzled the politicians.;David Brinkley;power
I think a responsibility comes with notoriety, but I never think of it as power. It's more like something you hold, like grains of sand. If you keep your hand closed, you can have it and possess it, but if you open your fingers in any way, you can lose it just as quickly.;Diana Ross;power
Too many problem-solving sessions become battlegrounds where decisions are made based on power rather than intelligence.;Margaret J. Wheatley;power
We are born to action and whatever is capable of suggesting and guiding action has power over us from the first.;Rush Limbaugh;power
Liberal Democrats are inexorably opposed to tax cuts, because tax cuts give people more power, and take away from the role of government.;Rush Limbaugh;power
Militant feminists are pro-choice because it's their ultimate avenue of power over men. And believe me, to them it is a question of power. It is their attempt to impose their will on the rest of society, particularly on men.;Rush Limbaugh;power
Words derive their power from the original word.;Meister Eckhart;power
The race of mankind would perish did they cease to aid each other. We cannot exist without mutual help. All therefore that need aid have a right to ask it from their fellow-men and no one who has the power of granting can refuse it without guilt.;Walter Scott;power
Look, we know we screwed up when we were in the majority. We fell in love with power. We spent way too much money - especially on earmarks. There was too much corruption when we ran this place. We were guilty. And that's why we lost.;Eric Cantor;power
Communism is Soviet power plus the electrification of the whole country.;Vladimir Lenin;power
I have a fantasy where Ted Turner is elected President but refuses because he doesn't want to give up power.;Arthur C. Clarke;power
I'm aware of the mystery around us, so I write about coincidences, premonitions, emotions, dreams, the power of nature, magic.;Isabel Allende;power
Many highly intelligent people are poor thinkers. Many people of average intelligence are skilled thinkers. The power of a car is separate from the way the car is driven.;Edward de Bono;power
The most cogent reason for restricting the interference of government is the great evil of adding unnecessarily to its power.;John Stuart Mill;power
There are movements which impinge upon the nerves with a strength that is incomparable, for movement has power to stir the senses and emotions, unique in itself.;Doris Humphrey;power
The right of nature... is the liberty each man hath to use his own power, as he will himself, for the preservation of his own nature that is to say, of his own life.;Thomas Hobbes;power
The tallest Trees are most in the Power of the Winds, and Ambitious Men of the Blasts of Fortune.;William Penn;power
Back in the East you can't do much without the right papers, but with the right papers you can do anything The believe in papers. Papers are power.;Tom Stoppard;power
The House of Lords, an illusion to which I have never been able to subscribe - responsibility without power, the prerogative of the eunuch throughout the ages.;Tom Stoppard;power
