The fact that I'm very close with my past relationships is something I pride myself on. My mom is still close to her first husband. It's nice to be able to enjoy someone in a different form.;Kate Bosworth;mom
I have to keep reminding myself that I am their mother. Sometimes we are sitting at home and I feel like we are waiting for our mom to come home.;Ruby Wax;mom
When I was a child, I wanted to be an actor, but I had really bad buckteeth. I didn't want to get braces, but my mom said I couldn't be an actor if I didn't get the braces. So, I got the braces.;James Franco;mom
Our last jam session was this past Christmas. Dad played his harmonica, mom sang in English and Italian, and I played guitar. I'm so happy that we could share that musical experience for one last time.;Tony Visconti;mom
"My mom cooked pot roast with noodles and frozen vegetables. Or she'd make spaghetti or hot dogs, or heat up TV dinners. Before I started modeling at age 19, I was 5'8"" and weighed 165 pounds.";Carol Alt;mom
My father still is a lawyer, and my mom was a teacher and then later a career counselor.;Steve Case;mom
I remember that at the beginning of the month, the kind of menus my mom and father would prepare for us would have fish, chicken. But at the end of the month - because my father would be waiting for paycheck - the refrigerator would get empty. I remember that without a lot of food left, some of the best meals happened right there.;Jose Andres Puerta;mom
Simon is cool. You know, it's different if you ever see him around his mom. He acts totally different.;Ruben Studdard;mom
I want to make sure I continue to make good music that my mom and everybody around me can be proud of.;Ruben Studdard;mom
I grew up in the '80s, and there was no bigger group than New Edition in R&ampB. I broke my piggy bank so me and my mom could go to a New Edition concert together.;Ruben Studdard;mom
I'm from Tennessee. My mom lives in Nashville. I'm born and bred country. That's all I listen to.;Lucy Hale;mom
I've never had my brows done - I tweeze them myself. I used to watch my mom pluck her brows, that's how I learned.;Emmy Rossum;mom
My mom is a sculptress.;P. J. Harvey;mom
My hero is Michelle Williams, who I grew close to when we did 'Meek's Cutoff.' She's an extraordinary actor and mom.;Zoe Kazan;mom
When I look up and see a star, I know my mom is there. She's with me all the time. It's a powerful connection.;Emmanuelle Chriqui;mom
My mom was an aesthetician and she went to beauty school back in the '60s. I just remember watching her do her makeup all the time. She always had her nails done, makeup on - her face was ready to go when she went out. I loved it.;Emmanuelle Chriqui;mom
I grew up in a family of Republicans. And when I was 18 and registering to vote, my mom's only instruction was 'You just go in and pull the big Republican lever.' That's my welcome to adulthood. She's like, 'No, don't even read it. Just pull the Republican lever.;Tina Fey;mom
My mom started smoking when she was 11. She went to the hill next door to try her first cigarette. She set the entire hill on fire, but it didn't deter her.;Loni Anderson;mom
My memory of my mom is a wine glass in one hand and a cigarette in the other. She was a runway fashion model, and she was quite a glamorous woman.;Loni Anderson;mom
I am blessed to have Mom and Dad.;Kevin Eubanks;mom
I was labeled a troublemaker, my mom an unfit mother, and I was not welcome anywhere.;Ryan White;mom
I think I'd be a great mom, honestly. I don't think I'll have any problem giving them all the love in the world. Discipline will be the hard part.;Queen Latifah;mom
My mom will make me walk the dogs or take out the trash when I go home.;Queen Latifah;mom
I am a single mom and I'm the breadwinner and I have to work and I have to do these things and that's just the way it is. I don't think my son even knows any different.;Charisma Carpenter;mom
Our parents are obviously proud, but they're still trying to get used to the fact that we're in a band. I have a feeling my mom would actually like One Direction if I wasn't in it!;Zayn Malik;mom
My parents are both very funny but they're also relatively soft-spoken, normal human beings while I'm just a lunatic. I don't know where this loud, ballsy, hammy ridiculousness came from. I'm just glad I followed my goals and my parents did too. It's not like we even had a plan when I dragged my mom to Los Angeles.;Emma Stone;mom
I am excited to rise today to support National Mom and Pop Business Owners Day. This celebration honors the husband and wife business owner teams whose work helps drive the economy and fuel job growth.;Melissa Bean;mom
I'm a nice, happily married wife and mom and I live in Connecticut.;Christine Baranski;mom
My dad was a golden gloves boxer in the Marine Corps, then a deputy sheriff. My mom worked as an office assistant.;Susana Martinez;mom
My mom was a model. She had me at 20, so she was a young mother.;Michael Kors;mom
My mom and dad met at UCLA when he as a captain in the Air Force and she was in her junior year.;Tracy Austin;mom
I've always believed fitness is an entry point to help you build that happier, healthier life. When your health is strong, you're capable of taking risks. You'll feel more confident to ask for the promotion. You'll have more energy to be a better mom. You'll feel more deserving of love.;Jillian Michaels;mom
My dad left when I was 3 1/2, and he left my mom and I.;David Cassidy;mom
My mom used to take me down to the Jersey Shore when I was 7, 8, 9 years old. I can remember being down in that area - Belmar, Seaside Heights, Asbury Park and all those places that I went back and revisited.;David Cassidy;mom
Some of the best times I've spent in Colorado have been in the backcountry with my mom and siblings, and more recently, with my own kids. That is why I'm concerned to see today's kids spending more time browsing the Internet than exploring nature.;Mark Udall;mom
I like my name. My mom named me after a song by the 1970s group Bread. So, it's meaningful, and I like the song. It's a love song - kind of - but it's kind of depressing and dark.;Aubrey Plaza;mom
I want to go to college to study journalism. I want to speak French fluently, to travel. My mom was a journalist and it's in my blood.;Mandy Moore;mom
My mom loved to sing - and I'll go on record and say she was the worst singer ever. I'd get up and move away from her!;Kenny Rogers;mom
I have many valentines. My mom and my sister and my directors. I got calls from all of them. And my friends. I respect what Valentine's Day stands for because it is about love.;Michelle Trachtenberg;mom
I'm a full-time mom right now and a part-time actress.;Valerie Bertinelli;mom
I was a single mom that raised two bright, beautiful, and compassionate girls.;Connie Stevens;mom
I would go visit my mom on Sundays, and my brother was working on stuff. I'd go in there and sing a little melody, then we started working with words and the next thing you know it was just born organically without really trying.;Taryn Manning;mom
I was born in Texas and I lived there 'till I was 8. Then I moved to the Dominican Republic with my mom, lived there for two years and forgot every word of English I knew.;Michelle Rodriguez;mom
And what is a stage dad, or a stage mom? It's someone who's protective. That's all.;Nigel Lythgoe;mom
My dad's half-Lebanese, my mom is full Lebanese. I'm three-quarters Lebanese. Irish-Lebanese.;Tom Shadyac;mom
Most young people haven't used their storytelling skills since they were 8 or 9 or 10 and wanted to persuade Mom and Dad to take them to the ball game.;Peter Guber;mom
My mom used to tell me stories at night, read books to me - and I read 'em over and over and over again. And you know what I learned from that? I went back and looked at everything - Why do I like reading the same stories over and over and over again? What, was I some kind of nincompoop? No - the narrative gave me connection with my mom.;Peter Guber;mom
Not that we didn't have close relationships with our parents - I'm very close to my mom - but parents didn't think anything of going off for a few weeks and leaving their kids.;Candice Bergen;mom
Mom and Dad would stay in bed on Sunday morning, but the kids would have to go to church.;Lynn Johnston;mom
Deep down, my mom had long suspected I was gay... Much of her anger and hurt came from her sense of betrayal that she was the last to be told.;Chaz Bono;mom
What mom cares about most is that I'm happy, healthy and enjoying my life.;Chaz Bono;mom
My daily schedule is quite hectic, but I have to put my health first in order to be the best mom and wife I can be.;Ellen Pompeo;mom
I told my mom I would graduate. I owe that much to her and myself.;Carmelo Anthony;mom
My mom can't defend herself to the world. She is such an amazing woman, with such an open heart. It's a real hard line, and I crossed it. I took everyone's life story and assumed it would be a great thing to put on screen. I was being selfish and I feel so horrible about it. I feel so guilty.;Nikki Reed;mom
I've always been a writer because I've always been a student. My mom's a retired professor, so I come from a very academic background. I love writing, you know?;Kerry Washington;mom
My mom always encouraged me, it was never weird. She'd look at 'Heavy Metal' and go 'Woo-hoo!';Zack Snyder;mom
You know, I loved math. My mom was a math teacher.;Joan Cusack;mom
My mom sang in high school choir and so did my father.;Kevin Richardson;mom
I also think a Hot Mom is someone who can connect with what's current in her kids' world.;Jami Gertz;mom
Being a working mom is not easy. You have to be willing to screw up at every level.;Jami Gertz;mom
As a mom, I always feel I have to protect them. I talk about them because they are the most important things in my life but they are private people. I won't use them for my own press.;Jami Gertz;mom
It's hard either way, at home or on the bus, I think the hardest thing probably for me is going one second from being mom to right out on the stage and having to be that person too. It's hard to switch gears.;Lee Ann Womack;mom
President Obama likes to talk about the Buffett Rule. Well, here's a Buffett Rule that all Americans should be able to support: mom and pop businesses should not pay a higher tax rate than Fortune 500 corporations like Warren Buffett's.;Rob Portman;mom
But my mom was a pianist, and she taught piano out of her house. I was just so excited, being a little kid and having all these other kids come to my house twice a week. I thought it was a big party.;Vanessa Carlton;mom
My mom would give me a piece to play, but I wouldn't do any theory because when it came time to do it I would sneak back upstairs and watch TV. So, I had these kind of nonchalant lessons for years, then it just started soaking in.;Vanessa Carlton;mom
The real beauty of it - key to my life was playing key chords on a banjo. For somebody else it may be a golf club that mom and dad put in their hands or a baseball or ballet lessons. Real gift to give to me and put it in writing.;Vince Gill;mom
I've changed my life in a lot of ways. I'm a mom, a wife, and a Christian. Some of the things I expressed in my early 20s aren't what I care to express right now.;Cheryl James;mom
My mom was a '70s mom. She paved a road that no one had yet walked.;Melissa Leo;mom
For me, just being how old I am, I know I don't want to be a single mom. I really would rather make it a two-person job. But I've also come to terms with not being a mother at all. I'm actually really good with either direction that my life can take as being a valid experience.;Lisa Edelstein;mom
My mom didn't use face cream, like, nothing at all. She's got great skin and looks very youthful.;Lara Stone;mom
There's a book called 'The Shack' - it had a lot to do with me coming full circle, meeting my birth mother. Awhile back, my birth mom and my adopted mom came to my show together, and it was pretty surreal.;Rodney Atkins;mom
When you're adopted, no matter what, you've got issues with unconditional love. And you find out you're the product of the worst situation for a young girl to be in and start her life, and I'm so grateful that my birth mom made the decision she made. She came from a rough situation.;Rodney Atkins;mom
I was a sickly baby, and after two sets of adoptive parents took me home, they returned me to the orphanage because of a serious respiratory infection. But as they say, the third time's a charm, because my mom and dad adopted me and took me into their home where I was raised in a family full of love.;Rodney Atkins;mom
Right now, it hasn't affected my music other than the fact that I don't have time to write any of it. That's no different from when I first started and I lived at home. I would play the guitar in the afternoon and then my mom or my dad would come home and I'd have to quit.;Paul Westerberg;mom
My mom is many times responsible for getting us all together, but we trade off at each other's houses. My brother and I are actors and are traveling a lot of our job.;Beau Bridges;mom
I wanted to have a personal life that I fully inhabited, not because I am such a great mom, but for me.;Helen Hunt;mom
The most important thing in my father's life? World peace. Me and my brother. My mom.;Sean Lennon;mom
I've had Susan Sarandon play my mom, and now Lesley Ann Warren has played my mom, so if I could have Debra Winger play my mom, then I would have the trifecta of my favorite actresses playing my mother.;Jenna Fischer;mom
We always had 'Vogue' in our house. But, when I was around 12, my Mom finally took me seriously about modeling and put a stack of magazines in front of me, then told me to study all the poses. The ones I loved the most were in 'Vogue.';Chanel Iman;mom
My goal is to be a household name, and when I do that, I want to help other girls become models, and maybe even launch a fashion line with my mom, like Beyonce did with her mother. My mom has such a good eye, and it's always been a dream of hers.;Chanel Iman;mom
When you're a mom and you have three children, nothing bothers you. Trust me. Who cares what people say? I've got other things to deal with.;Faith Hill;mom
My mom was a saint. She taught me to be terminally nice.;Iggy Pop;mom
I was who I was in high school in accordance with the rules of conduct for a normal person, like obeying your mom and dad. Then I got out of high school and moved out of the house, and I just started, for lack of a better term, running free.;Iggy Pop;mom
I was always a closet lover of acting. My mom was very practical. She never, ever restricted our dreams, always told us we could do or be anything. Then I said, 'Maybe I want to be an actor'. And she said, 'Maybe not that'.;Octavia Spencer;mom
My mom is very Southern and she in real life says things like, 'If you've got it, flaunt it.';Cheryl Hines;mom
Well, when I was a little girl we had 17 cats once. They all lived outside, and they kept having more kittens. My mom made us put little ribbons around each kitten's neck, put them in a wagon, and go door-to-door around the neighborhood to try to give them away.;Cheryl Hines;mom
I saw things at an early age because my mom was a theater actress. I did a play with her when I was 10 years old.;Sam Rockwell;mom
In Fargo, they say, well, that's a job. How well do you get paid? For example, for this book I was written about in Entertainment Weekly, and it was kind of cool because my mom asked me if Entertainment Weekly was a magazine or a newspaper.;Chuck Klosterman;mom
Mom was the one who taught me unconditional love. With Dad, I'd always felt there was something to live up to - expectations. But in the last year, we had a wonderful relationship.;Greg Louganis;mom
Growing up with three older brothers and being the youngest and the only girl, my mom always made me tough. She's taught me over the years how to be a strong, independent woman, how to carry yourself in a positive way and anything that my brothers can do, I can do.;Diana Lopez;mom
If I made a list of the people I admire, Mom would probably fill up half of it. She could do anything and everything.;Patsy Cline;mom
I always had a standard of, back when I was doing the country music I always told people I would never record a song that I wouldn't sit down and sing in front of my mom and dad.;Ricky Skaggs;mom
My mom did costumes for the Pointer Sisters.;Slash;mom
I was born in Corpus Christi, Texas, the youngest of four girls, including my oldest sister, Lisa, who has special needs. My mom was a special education teacher, and my dad worked on the Army base. We weren't wealthy, but we were determined to succeed.;Eva Longoria;mom
My mom was always the supplier of soccer balls, and so people were always knocking on my door, and trying to get me out so we could play.;Freddy Adu;mom
I wanted to get us a place of our own with a little bit more space. The kitchen is just huge, because my mom... lives there, man, and she loves being in the kitchen.;Freddy Adu;mom
I was looking to do something non-fiction because I had done a strip, 'My Mom Was a Schizophrenic.' I really enjoyed the process of doing that strip, despite its subject matter. To do it I'd had to do a lot of research and reading and I figured I'd like to do that again.;Chester Brown;mom
My mom died when I was 8.;Lisa Guerrero;mom
I'm proud of what I look like. I'm proud that I look like my mom.;Lisa Guerrero;mom
