I fear no man, no beast or evil, brother.;Hulk Hogan;fear
Courage is a special kind of knowledge: the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared.;David Ben-Gurion;fear
A merchant who approaches business with the idea of serving the public well has nothing to fear from the competition.;James Cash Penney;fear
You can ask me pretty much anything. There'll be things I'll go, 'That feels a little too personal.' But most things I don't have a fear of being asked about.;Nicole Kidman;fear
You cannot avoid war in life, you cannot avoid the fear of terrorism, you cannot avoid those things now, they are a part of everyday demeanor.;John Mayer;fear
Fame does lead to money, which I don't have a close relationship with. I'm the kind of guy who never sees the money - it all goes somewhere else. I don't understand it, I don't like to deal with it. I have a fear of not having it, because I grew up without it.;David Duchovny;fear
I had a fear that I'd be typecast, but I don't really have that fear anymore.;David Duchovny;fear
Whenever somebody says they need an angle for their story I always fear that they've got an idea and they want me to fit into it or they want me to come up with an idea myself or I'm supposed to be more revealing than I've been, and to me it just sounds like something I don't want to do.;David Duchovny;fear
Fear is a very explosive emotion, but it has a short life span. It's the sprint. The marathon is hope.;Mike Huckabee;fear
The record company's worst fear is that you'll fall in love or get rich.;Maynard James Keenan;fear
I'm very much afraid of being mad - that's my one fear.;Sting;fear
He who does not fear death cares naught for threats.;Pierre Corneille;fear
Fundamentalists are panicked by the apparent disintegration of the family, the disappearance of certainty and the decay of morality. Fear leads them to ask, if we cannot trust the Bible, what can we trust?;Garrett Hardin;fear
I woke up full of hate and fear the day before the most recent peace march in San Francisco. This was disappointing: I'd hoped to wake up feeling somewhere between Virginia Woolf and Wavy Gravy.;Anne Lamott;fear
My coming to faith did not start with a leap but rather a series of staggers from what seemed like one safe place to another. Like lily pads, round and green, these places summoned and then held me up while I grew. Each prepared me for the next leaf on which I would land, and in this way I moved across the swamp of doubt and fear.;Anne Lamott;fear
I have a big fear of change, or negative change, anyway. I'm basically the same person I was when I won 'Idol,' or when I was 10.;Kelly Clarkson;fear
When Christians start thinking about Jesus, things start breaking down, they lose their faith. It's perfectly possible to go to church every Sunday and not ask any questions, just because you like it as a way of life. They fear that if they ask questions they'll lose their Christ, the very linchpin of their religion.;A. N. Wilson;fear
I was taught that to create anything you had to believe in failure, simply because you had to be prepared to go through an idea without any fear. Failure, you learned, as I did in art school, to be a wonderful thing. It allowed you to get up in the morning and take the pillow off your head.;Malcolm Mclaren;fear
We must travel in the direction of our fear.;John Berryman;fear
I have a tendency to sabotage relationships I have a tendency to sabotage everything. Fear of success, fear of failure, fear of being afraid. Useless, good-for-nothing thoughts.;Michael Buble;fear
Fear attracts attack.;Edwin Louis Cole;fear
Fear of things invisible in the natural seed of that which everyone in himself calleth religion.;Thomas Hobbes;fear
I try to get in quiet time and book time, but really, the only time I ever get that is when I'm on an airplane - I have a fear of flying, but I actually love flying because it's the only time I can sleep, and it's the only time I get to read.;Kesha;fear
I define fear as standing across the ring from Joe Louis and knowing he wants to go home early.;Max Baer;fear
Business is war. I go out there, I want to kill the competitors. I want to make their lives miserable. I want to steal their market share. I want them to fear me and I want everyone on my team thinking we're going to win.;Kevin O'Leary;fear
Fear is not a good teacher. The lessons of fear are quickly forgotten.;Mary Catherine Bateson;fear
I had to confront my fears and master my every demonic thought about inferiority, insecurity, or the fear of being black, young, and gifted in this Western culture.;Lauryn Hill;fear
Let us go forth with fear and courage and rage to save the world.;Grace Paley;fear
My main concern with the condition of mathematics in high school is that there's a lot of fear involved! Math is not, generally speaking, presented in a fun way. The concepts, as I see them, are fun, and that's the way I'd like to convey them myself.;Danica McKellar;fear
You always fear when you're making a movie that has a moral to the story that people are going to reject the idea of being taught a lesson.;Christina Ricci;fear
Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will.;James Stephens;fear
When I'm acting, I'm two beings. There's the one monitoring the distance between myself and the camera, making sure I hit my marks, and there is the one driven by this inner fire, this delicious fear.;Jeanne Moreau;fear
Shock, confusion, fear, anger, grief, and defiance. On Sept. 11, 2001, and for the three days following the worst terrorist attack on U.S. soil, President George W. Bush led with raw emotion that reflected the public's whipsawing stages of acceptance.;Ron Fournier;fear
We, the people. Manifest Destiny. Conceived in liberty. Fear itself. Ask not. Morning in America. United we stand. Yes, we can. In times of great change and tumult, presidents seek to inspire beleaguered Americans by reminding them of their national identity.;Ron Fournier;fear
Eighty percent of all choices are based on fear. Most people don't choose what they want they choose what they think is safe.;Phil McGraw;fear
Fear of error which everything recalls to me at every moment of the flight of my ideas, this mania for control, makes men prefer reason's imagination to the imagination of the senses. And yet it is always the imagination alone which is at work.;Louis Aragon;fear
We tell lies when we are afraid... afraid of what we don't know, afraid of what others will think, afraid of what will be found out about us. But every time we tell a lie, the thing that we fear grows stronger.;Tad Williams;fear
Man's loneliness is but his fear of life.;Eugene O'Neill;fear
I think I'm a bit less inhibited, and not thinking too much before speaking. It's not about being shameful, I'm just a bit more unabashedly myself because of this thing, and it probably started at age 15. I can be around people and say what I think without fear.;Kristen Stewart;fear
I may be compelled to face danger, but never fear it, and while our soldiers can stand and fight, I can stand and feed and nurse them.;Clara Barton;fear
When you advise any person you should be guided by the fear of God.;Abu Bakr;fear
God helps those who fear Him.;Abu Bakr;fear
Grief has limits, whereas apprehension has none. For we grieve only for what we know has happened, but we fear all that possibly may happen.;Pliny the Elder;fear
It's better to get mugged than to live a life of fear.;Freeman Dyson;fear
Dictators and oppressors should continue to fear me because I will be here for a long time.;Lech Walesa;fear
When the entertainers of the Right aren't declaring their disgust with President Obama for groveling before foreign potentates, they're pretending to fear him as a left-wing thug, an exemplar of what they call 'the Chicago way.';Thomas Frank;fear
Jerusalem is a time bomb that I fear is just waiting to go off.;King Abdullah II;fear
Resist your fear fear will never lead to you a positive end. Go for your faith and what you believe.;T. D. Jakes;fear
When we can lay down our fear and anger and choose responses other than aggression, we create the conditions for bringing out the best in us humans.;Margaret J. Wheatley;fear
People don't know where to place me. Terry Gilliam used me as a quirky cop in 'Twelve Monkeys', and then he hired me again to be an effeminate hotel clerk in 'Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas'. Another time, I was shooting this indie film 'The Souler Opposite' and six days a week, I'm playing this big puppy dog, then I come to the 'NYPD Blue' set and become this scumbag.;Christopher Meloni;fear
In this life struggle, here I am among you fully cognizant that a true believer has no fear of what God has ordained for him. Those who are visited by fear live only for their present, under the illusion that the world began with them and will end with their departure.;King Hussein I;fear
Uncertainty and fear and ignorance about immigrants, about people who are different, has a history as old as our Nation.;Luis Gutierrez;fear
But I love being scared. I think you're brave only when you do things that scare you. I've always used fear as a motivator. I'm not sure why.;Ginnifer Goodwin;fear
If people would know how little brain is ruling the world, they would die of fear.;Ivo Andric;fear
Resistance is feasible even for those who are not heroes by nature, and it is an obligation, I believe, for those who fear the consequences and detest the reality of the attempt to impose American hegemony.;Noam Chomsky;fear
At the time, 1980, people regarded actresses involved with production with a certain amount of fear, resentment and anger.;Jacqueline Bisset;fear
My dad always tell me to make decisions from love and not from fear.;Rashida Jones;fear
Men do weird things when they experience fear. It's like a fight-or-flight thing.;Rashida Jones;fear
An appeal to fear never finds an echo in German hearts.;Otto von Bismarck;fear
Fear is something to be moved through, not something to be turned from.;Peter McWilliams;fear
I write entirely to find out what I'm thinking, what I'm looking at, what I see and what it means. What I want and what I fear.;Joan Didion;fear
My dear brother Barack Obama has a certain fear of free black men. As a young brother who grows up in a white context, brilliant African father, he's always had to fear being a white man with black skin. All he has known culturally is white. He has a certain rootlessness, a deracination.;Cornel West;fear
Americans are terrified because so many of them have been laid off in recent years and months and they fear that they may be next. Even if they have not been laid off or have not known anyone laid off, they definitely know someone who has lost his home.;Ben Stein;fear
You can't be a proper comic unless you've been out on stage and felt the fear.;Johnny Vegas;fear
A huge part of what animates homophobia among young people is paranoia and fear of their own capacity to be gay themselves.;Dan Savage;fear
Without fullness of experience, length of days is nothing. When fullness of life has been achieved, shortness of days is nothing. That is perhaps why the young have usually so little fear of death they live by intensities that the elderly have forgotten.;Lewis Mumford;fear
In the ring, I never really knew fear.;Rocky Marciano;fear
Can someone within that society walk into the town square and say what they want without fear of being punished for his or her views? If so, then that society is a free society. If not, it is a fear society.;Natan Sharansky;fear
There's always a period of curious fear between the first sweet-smelling breeze and the time when the rain comes cracking down.;Don DeLillo;fear
I do support artists standing by their beliefs and walking with integrity. We have to find a better way to commercially exploit music while giving artists their proper respect. This cannot be done while taking their contributions for granted or trying to control the scope of their growth and power through threats and fear tactics.;Lauryn Hill;fear
Television knows no night. It is perpetual day. TV embodies our fear of the dark, of night, of the other side of things.;Jean Baudrillard;fear
We are biological creatures. We are born, we live, we die. There is no transcendent purpose to existence. At best we are creatures of reason, and by using reason we can cure ourselves of emotional excess. Purged of both hope and fear, we find courage in the face of helplessness, insignificance and uncertainty.;Jonathan Sacks;fear
My greatest fear is feeling like a professional novelist. Somebody who creates characters, who sits down and has pieces of paper taped to the wall - what's going to happen in this scene, or this act. What I like is for it to be a much more scary, sloppy reflection of who I am.;Jonathan Safran Foer;fear
Anger elicits anger, fear elicits fear, no matter how well meaning we may be.;Martha Beck;fear
Disease is an experience of a so-called mortal mind. It is fear made manifest on the body.;Mary Baker Eddy;fear
Fear is a question. What are you afraid of and why? Our fears are a treasure house of self-knowledge if we explore them.;Marilyn French;fear
Stand before the people you fear and speak your mind - even if your voice shakes.;Maggie Kuhn;fear
A child's fear is a world whose dark corners are quite unknown to grownup people it has its sky and its abysses, a sky without stars, abysses into which no light can ever penetrate.;Julien Green;fear
Fear rules almost every newsroom in the country.;Dan Rather;fear
Only a fool does not fear actors, but you can't beat them, and if you can't beat them, join them, as they say. As I've got older I've become very interested in that part of the work.;Lars von Trier;fear
Failure seldom stops you. What stops you is the fear of failure.;Jack Lemmon;fear
My greatest fear is that the audience will beat me to the punch line.;David Mamet;fear
Roosevelt's declaration that Americans had 'nothing to fear but fear itself' was a glorious piece of inspirational rhetoric and just as gloriously wrong.;Russell Baker;fear
Gun crime is a major cause of fear and distress throughout the UK. The problem is deeply entrenched in a wide range of social and cultural factors and therefore not an isolated issue.;Diane Abbott;fear
I was a postman one Christmas and I developed a morbid fear of dogs.;Diane Abbott;fear
I never discuss a novel while I'm writing it, for fear that talking about it will diminish my desire to write it.;Dean Koontz;fear
Authoritarian political ideologies have a vested interest in promoting fear, a sense of the imminence of takeover by aliens and real diseases are useful material.;Susan Sontag;fear
The only thing I fear more than change is no change. The business of being static makes me nuts.;Twyla Tharp;fear
I think people that have fear that, 'Oh if I have a kid I won't be able to do this and I won't be able to do that.' It's kind of the opposite. It really gives you energy. It makes people better.;Anthony Kiedis;fear
Should we fear hackers? Intention is at the heart of this discussion.;Kevin Mitnick;fear
Vertigo is the conflict between the fear of falling and the desire to fall.;Salman Rushdie;fear
To seek understanding before taking action, yet to trust my instincts when action is called for. Never to avoid danger from fear, never to seek out danger for its own sake. Never to conform to fashion from fear of eccentricity, never to be eccentric from fear of conformity.;Steven Brust;fear
Laughter kills fear, and without fear there can be no faith. For without fear of the devil there is no need for God.;Sean Connery;fear
President Obama is doing the right thing by offering young immigrants, most often in this country through no action of their own, a chance to live and work openly, free from the fear of deportation.;Eliot Spitzer;fear
You get so afraid of failure and so afraid of losing and so afraid of not being the best that it's not a natural drive - it's born out of fear of failure. Which helps in Hollywood.;Gabrielle Union;fear
Yet, it ought to be obvious that good music generally occupies a higher plane that mere politics. Great writers can express moods through melody and capture experiences we share most powerfully - love, lust, longing joy, rage, fear triumph, yearning and confusion.;Tony Snow;fear
I definitely think cheerleaders have no fear.;Ashley Tisdale;fear
Although I am deeply grateful to a great many people, I forgo the temptation of naming them for fear that I might slight any by omission.;Theodore Bikel;fear
I don't believe in fear - I live my life without regrets.;Puff Daddy;fear
