The struggle of my life created empathy - I could relate to pain, being abandoned, having people not love me.;Oprah Winfrey;life
While we have the gift of life, it seems to me the only tragedy is to allow part of us to die - whether it is our spirit, our creativity or our glorious uniqueness.;Gilda Radner;life
I want to be thoroughly used up when I die, for the harder I work the more I live. I rejoice in life for its own sake.;George Bernard Shaw;life
Becoming a father, I think it inevitably changes your perspective of life. I don't get nearly enough sleep. And the simplest things in life are completely satisfying. I find you don't have to do as much, like you don't go on as many outings.;Hugh Jackman;life
God is to be worshipped as the one beloved, dearer than everything in this and next life.;Swami Vivekananda;life
Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind.;Bertrand Russell;life
The figure a poem makes. It begins in delight and ends in wisdom... in a clarification of life - not necessarily a great clarification, such as sects and cults are founded on, but in a momentary stay against confusion.;Robert Frost;life
One of the secrets of life is that all that is really worth the doing is what we do for others.;Lewis Carroll;life
No evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death.;Plato;life
All my life affection has been showered upon me, and every forward step I have made has been taken in spite of it.;George Bernard Shaw;life
There's only two people in your life you should lie to... the police and your girlfriend.;Jack Nicholson;life
One way or another, we all have to find what best fosters the flowering of our humanity in this contemporary life, and dedicate ourselves to that.;Joseph Campbell;life
The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us.;Bill Watterson;life
Life is to be lived. If you have to support yourself, you had bloody well better find some way that is going to be interesting. And you don't do that by sitting around.;Katharine Hepburn;life
No man is worth his salt who is not ready at all times to risk his well-being, to risk his body, to risk his life, in a great cause.;Theodore Roosevelt;life
I am an example of what is possible when girls from the very beginning of their lives are loved and nurtured by people around them. I was surrounded by extraordinary women in my life who taught me about quiet strength and dignity.;Michelle Obama;life
Never permit a dichotomy to rule your life, a dichotomy in which you hate what you do so you can have pleasure in your spare time. Look for a situation in which your work will give you as much happiness as your spare time.;Pablo Picasso;life
Above our life we love a steadfast friend.;Christopher Marlowe;life
Children make your life important.;Erma Bombeck;life
Life is not what it's supposed to be. It's what it is. The way you cope with it is what makes the difference.;Virginia Satir;life
One of the sanest, surest, and most generous joys of life comes from being happy over the good fortune of others.;Robert A. Heinlein;life
God had brought me to my knees and made me acknowledge my own nothingness, and out of that knowledge I had been reborn. I was no longer the centre of my life and therefore I could see God in everything.;Bede Griffiths;life
Do every act of your life as if it were your last.;Marcus Aurelius;life
My mother wanted us to understand that the tragedies of your life one day have the potential to be comic stories the next.;Nora Ephron;life
Home life is no more natural to us than a cage is natural to a cockatoo.;George Bernard Shaw;life
Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.;Berthold Auerbach;life
Life is short and we have never too much time for gladdening the hearts of those who are travelling the dark journey with us. Oh be swift to love, make haste to be kind.;Henri Frederic Amiel;life
When you step on the brakes your life is in your foot's hands.;George Carlin;life
Life levels all men. Death reveals the eminent.;George Bernard Shaw;life
I am just absolutely convinced that the best formula for giving us peace and preserving the American way of life is freedom, limited government, and minding our own business overseas.;Ron Paul;life
You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back?;W. Clement Stone;life
I'm not an example for how people should live their lives. Never in my life would I ever set out to be an example for people on how to live their lives. If you need an example for how to live, then you just shouldn't have been born. Straight up.;Lil Wayne;life
Without work, all life goes rotten. But when work is soulless, life stifles and dies.;Albert Camus;life
I worked hard all my life as far as this music business. I dreamed of the day when I could go to New York and feel comfortable and they could come out here and be comfortable.;Tupac Shakur;life
Maybe you don't like your job, maybe you didn't get enough sleep, well nobody likes their job, nobody got enough sleep. Maybe you just had the worst day of your life, but you know, there's no escape, there's no excuse, so just suck up and be nice.;Ani DiFranco;life
Never try to impress a woman, because if you do she'll expect you to keep up the standard for the rest of your life.;W. C. Fields;life
Never throughout history has a man who lived a life of ease left a name worth remembering.;Theodore Roosevelt;life
Too often in life, something happens and we blame other people for us not being happy or satisfied or fulfilled. So the point is, we all have choices, and we make the choice to accept people or situations or to not accept situations.;Tom Brady;life
The life of an uneducated man is as useless as the tail of a dog which neither covers its rear end, nor protects it from the bites of insects.;Chanakya;life
I think what makes our marriage work amid all the glare is that my husband is my best friend. He inspires everything in my life and enables me to do the best that I can. I want to hang out with him more than anyone.;Faith Hill;life
Life would be tolerable but for its amusements.;George Bernard Shaw;life
Dreams do come true, if we only wish hard enough, You can have anything in life if you will sacrifice everything else for it.;James M. Barrie;life
You are going to let the fear of poverty govern you life and your reward will be that you will eat, but you will not live.;George Bernard Shaw;life
I believe that every single event in life happens in an opportunity to choose love over fear.;Oprah Winfrey;life
I really don't think life is about the I-could-have-beens. Life is only about the I-tried-to-do. I don't mind the failure but I can't imagine that I'd forgive myself if I didn't try.;Nikki Giovanni;life
We continue to shape our personality all our life. If we knew ourselves perfectly, we should die.;Albert Camus;life
It is better to create than to learn! Creating is the essence of life.;Julius Caesar;life
What if you gave someone a gift, and they neglected to thank you for it - would you be likely to give them another? Life is the same way. In order to attract more of the blessings that life has to offer, you must truly appreciate what you already have.;Ralph Marston;life
There is a vitality, a life force, an energy, a quickening, that is translated through you into action, and because there is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique.;Martha Graham;life
These technologies can make life easier, can let us touch people we might not otherwise. You may have a child with a birth defect and be able to get in touch with other parents and support groups, get medical information, the latest experimental drugs. These things can profoundly influence life. I'm not downplaying that.;Steve Jobs;life
Life is very interesting... in the end, some of your greatest pains, become your greatest strengths.;Drew Barrymore;life
Today is life-the only life you are sure of. Make the most of today. Get interested in something. Shake yourself awake. Develop a hobby. Let the winds of enthusiasm sweep through you. Live today with gusto.;Dale Carnegie;life
Every year of my life I grow more convinced that it is wisest and best to fix our attention on the beautiful and the good, and dwell as little as possible on the evil and the false.;Richard Cecil;life
This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment. First to let go of life. Finally, to take a step without feet.;Rumi;life
Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.;Wayne Dyer;life
Every man is the architect of his own life. He builds it just the way he wants it. However, after he has built what he wants, he sometimes decides that he doesn't like what he has built and looks for someone or something to blame instead of changing himself.;Sydney Madwed;life
Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you.;John Wooden;life
Every human is an artist. The dream of your life is to make beautiful art.;Miguel Angel Ruiz;life
Character, in the long run, is the decisive factor in the life of an individual and of nations alike.;Theodore Roosevelt;life
Blood relatives often have nothing to do with family, and similarly, family is about who you choose to make your life with.;Oliver Hudson;life
I believe this with all my heart: The greatest coach of all time in my eyes is my mom. She's instilled in me a toughness and a perseverance and just a never-quit mentality, and I thank her every day for providing me, for what she sacrificed her life for.;Scott Brooks;life
How do you go from where you are to where you wanna be? And I think you have to have an enthusiasm for life. You have to have a dream, a goal. And you have to be willing to work for it.;Jim Valvano;life
The real test of friendship is: can you literally do nothing with the other person? Can you enjoy those moments of life that are utterly simple?;Eugene Kennedy;life
The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments.;Gustave Flaubert;life
You come to a point in your life when you really don't care what people think about you, you just care what you think about yourself.;Evel Knievel;life
A well-developed sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to your steps as you walk the tightrope of life.;William Arthur Ward;life
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life - and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do.;Georgia O'Keeffe;life
Do the best you can, and don't take life too serious.;Will Rogers;life
We only live once, but once is enough if we do it right. Live your life with class, dignity, and style so that an exclamation, rather than a question mark signifies it!;Gary Ryan Blair;life
Life is only a dream and we are the imagination of ourselves.;Bill Hicks;life
I actually thought that it would be a little confusing during the same period of your life to be in one meeting when you're trying to make money, and then go to another meeting where you're giving it away. I mean is it gonna erode your ability, you know, to make money? Are you gonna somehow get confused about what you're trying to do?;Bill Gates;life
Attention to health is life's greatest hindrance.;Plato;life
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.;Baltasar Gracian;life
School is practice for future life, practice makes perfect and nobody's perfect, so why practice?;Billie Joe Armstrong;life
At times in my life the only place I have been happy is when I am on stage.;Bob Dylan;life
What you get is a living, what you give is a life.;Lillian Gish;life
Be patient and understanding. Life is too short to be vengeful or malicious.;Phillips Brooks;life
I haven't lived a perfect life. I have regrets. But that's from a lifetime of taking chances, making decisions, and trying not to be frozen. The only thing that I can do with my regrets is understand them.;Kevin Costner;life
The value of life lies not in the length of days, but in the use we make of them... Whether you find satisfaction in life depends not on your tale of years, but on your will.;Michel de Montaigne;life
My trust in a higher power that wants me to survive and have love in my life, is what keeps me moving forward.;Kenny Loggins;life
It takes half your life before you discover life is a do-it-yourself project.;Napoleon Hill;life
He who binds to himself a joy Does the winged life destroy But he who kisses the joy as it flies Lives in eternity's sun rise.;William Blake;life
Let us put our minds together and see what life we can make for our children.;Sitting Bull;life
Communication is a skill that you can learn. It's like riding a bicycle or typing. If you're willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of evry part of your life.;Brian Tracy;life
Life lived for tomorrow will always be just a day away from being realized.;Leo Buscaglia;life
I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun.;Thomas A. Edison;life
Let love flow so that it cleanses the world. Then man can live in peace, instead of the state of turmoil he has created through his past ways of life, with all those material interests and earthly ambitions.;Sai Baba;life
Sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.;Keri Russell;life
There is a fountain of youth: it is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life and the lives of people you love. When you learn to tap this source, you will truly have defeated age.;Sophia Loren;life
Life is just one damned thing after another.;Elbert Hubbard;life
That's the way I got along in life. I don't ever remember being particularly jealous of anybody, because I figured if I can't do it myself, I don't deserve to get it.;Clyde Tombaugh;life
Love, we say, is life but love without hope and faith is agonizing death.;Elbert Hubbard;life
The happiness of this life depends less on what befalls you than the way in which you take it.;Elbert Hubbard;life
It is possible to become discouraged about the injustice we see everywhere. But God did not promise us that the world would be humane and just. He gives us the gift of life and allows us to choose the way we will use our limited time on earth. It is an awesome opportunity.;Cesar Chavez;life
And by the way, everything in life is writable about if you have the outgoing guts to do it, and the imagination to improvise. The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt.;Sylvia Plath;life
Man is subject to innumerable pains and sorrows by the very condition of humanity, and yet, as if nature had not sown evils enough in life, we are continually adding grief to grief and aggravating the common calamity by our cruel treatment of one another.;Joseph Addison;life
Television is not real life. In real life people actually have to leave the coffee shop and go to jobs.;Bill Gates;life
To expect too much is to have a sentimental view of life and this is a softness that ends in bitterness.;Flannery O'Connor;life
We have to be able to grow up. Our wrinkles are our medals of the passage of life. They are what we have been through and who we want to be.;Lauren Hutton;life
