When the body of the people is possessed of the supreme power, it is called a democracy.;Charles de Secondat;politics
Your every voter, as surely as your chief magistrate, exercises a public trust.;Grover Cleveland;politics
It is our experience that political leaders do not always mean the opposite of what they say.;Abba Eban;politics
And after I make a lot of money, I'll be able to afford running for office.;Christy Romano;politics
I always voted at my party's call, and I never thought of thinking for myself at all.;William Gilbert;politics
I can't let important policy decisions hinge on the fact that an election is coming up every 90 days.;Gerhard Schroder;politics
What politicians want to create is irreversible change because when you leave office someone changes it back again.;Estelle Morris;politics
We have, I fear, confused power with greatness.;Stewart Udall;politics
Frankly, I don't mind not being President. I just mind that someone else is.;Edward Kennedy;politics
I think there is one higher office than president and I would call that patriot.;Gary Hart;politics
If a politician murders his mother, the first response of the press or of his opponents will likely be not that it was a terrible thing to do, but rather that in a statement made six years before he had gone on record as being opposed to matricide.;Meg Greenfield;politics
We live in a world in which politics has replaced philosophy.;Martin L. Gross;politics
You better take advantage of the good cigars. You don't get much else in that job.;Thomas P. O'Neill;politics
After much prayerful consideration, I feel that I must say I have climbed my last political mountain.;George C. Wallace;politics
Our party is a diverse one, as is my home state of Illinois.;Dick Durbin;politics
You know they say the most dangerous person of the world is a member of the United States Congress just home from a three-day fact-finding trip.;Johnny Isakson;politics
It has been well said that a hungry man is more interested in four sandwiches than four freedoms.;Henry Cabot Lodge, Jr.;politics
Television is democracy at its ugliest.;Paddy Chayefsky;politics
I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend.;Thomas Jefferson;politics
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies.;Groucho Marx;politics
Politics is for the present, but an equation is for eternity.;Albert Einstein;politics
It has been said that politics is the second oldest profession. I have learned that it bears a striking resemblance to the first.;Ronald Reagan;politics
I was losing interest in politics, when the repeal of the Missouri Compromise aroused me again. What I have done since then is pretty well known.;Abraham Lincoln;politics
Politics is the ability to foretell what is going to happen tomorrow, next week, next month and next year. And to have the ability afterwards to explain why it didn't happen.;Winston Churchill;politics
Politics is almost as exciting as war, and quite as dangerous. In war you can only be killed once, but in politics many times.;Winston Churchill;politics
In war, you can only be killed once, but in politics, many times.;Winston Churchill;politics
I am never going to have anything more to do with politics or politicians. When this war is over I shall confine myself entirely to writing and painting.;Winston Churchill;politics
Politics are very much like war. We may even have to use poison gas at times.;Winston Churchill;politics
Those who say religion has nothing to do with politics do not know what religion is.;Mahatma Gandhi;politics
In politics, nothing happens by accident. If it happens, you can bet it was planned that way.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;politics
Politics is such a torment that I advise everyone I love not to mix with it.;Thomas Jefferson;politics
Sometimes I wonder if we shall ever grow up in our politics and say definite things which mean something, or whether we shall always go on using generalities to which everyone can subscribe, and which mean very little.;Eleanor Roosevelt;politics
Politics I supposed to be the second-oldest profession. I have come to realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first.;Ronald Reagan;politics
Politics is not a bad profession. If you succeed there are many rewards, if you disgrace yourself you can always write a book.;Ronald Reagan;politics
Politics is just like show business. You have a hell of an opening, coast for a while, and then have a hell of a close.;Ronald Reagan;politics
A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues.;Theodore Roosevelt;politics
Politics is like football if you see daylight, go through the hole.;John F. Kennedy;politics
I'm always rather nervous about how you talk about women who are active in politics, whether they want to be talked about as women or as politicians.;John F. Kennedy;politics
Therefore, the good of man must be the end of the science of politics.;Aristotle;politics
Politics is the art of controlling your environment.;Hunter S. Thompson;politics
In the end, that's what this election is about. Do we participate in a politics of cynicism or a politics of hope?;Barack Obama;politics
Poetry is about the grief. Politics is about the grievance.;Robert Frost;politics
The more you observe politics, the more you've got to admit that each party is worse than the other.;Will Rogers;politics
In politics stupidity is not a handicap.;Napoleon Bonaparte;politics
What Englishman will give his mind to politics as long as he can afford to keep a motor car?;George Bernard Shaw;politics
I must study politics and war that my sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy.;John Adams;politics
The most practical kind of politics is the politics of decency.;Theodore Roosevelt;politics
The first lesson of economics is scarcity: there is never enough of anything to fully satisfy all those who want it. The first lesson of politics is to disregard the first lesson of economics.;Thomas Sowell;politics
If you ever injected truth into politics you have no politics.;Will Rogers;politics
Before I went to jail, I was active in politics as a member of South Africa's leading organization - and I was generally busy from 7 A.M. until midnight. I never had time to sit and think.;Nelson Mandela;politics
In our age there is no such thing as 'keeping out of politics.' All issues are political issues, and politics itself is a mass of lies, evasions, folly, hatred and schizophrenia.;George Orwell;politics
There is no more independence in politics than there is in jail.;Will Rogers;politics
There is probably a perverse pride in my administration... that we were going to do the right thing, even if short-term it was unpopular. And I think anybody who's occupied this office has to remember that success is determined by an intersection in policy and politics and that you can't be neglecting of marketing and P.R. and public opinion.;Barack Obama;politics
Like religion, politics, and family planning, cereal is not a topic to be brought up in public. It's too controversial.;Erma Bombeck;politics
The trouble with Nixon is that he's a serious politics junkie. He's totally hooked and like any other junkie, he's a bummer to have around, especially as President.;Hunter S. Thompson;politics
Part of the reason that our politics seems so tough right now and facts and science and argument does not seem to be winning the day all the time is because we're hardwired not to always think clearly when we're scared. And the country's scared.;Barack Obama;politics
After you have exhausted what there is in business, politics, conviviality, and so on - have found that none of these finally satisfy, or permanently wear - what remains? Nature remains.;Walt Whitman;politics
Politics is applesauce.;Will Rogers;politics
Few businessmen are capable of being in politics, they don't understand the democratic process, they have neither the tolerance or the depth it takes. Democracy isn't a business.;Malcolm Forbes;politics
Politics doesn't make strange bedfellows - marriage does.;Groucho Marx;politics
I hate all politics. I don't like either political party. One should not belong to them - one should be an individual, standing in the middle. Anyone that belongs to a party stops thinking.;Ray Bradbury;politics
Freedom isn't free. It shouldn't be a bragging point that 'Oh, I don't get involved in politics,' as if that makes someone cleaner. No, that makes you derelict of duty in a republic. Liars and panderers in government would have a much harder time of it if so many people didn't insist on their right to remain ignorant and blindly agreeable.;Bill Maher;politics
The most shocking fact about war is that its victims and its instruments are individual human beings, and that these individual beings are condemned by the monstrous conventions of politics to murder or be murdered in quarrels not their own.;Aldous Huxley;politics
The central conservative truth is that it is culture, not politics, that determines the success of a society. The central liberal truth is that politics can change a culture and save it from itself.;Daniel Patrick Moynihan;politics
These things will destroy the human race: politics without principle, progress without compassion, wealth without work, learning without silence, religion without fearlessness and worship without awareness.;Anthony de Mello;politics
Politics ought to be the part-time profession of every citizen who would protect the rights and privileges of free people and who would preserve what is good and fruitful in our national heritage.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;politics
I am in politics because of the conflict between good and evil, and I believe that in the end good will triumph.;Margaret Thatcher;politics
There are still people in my party who believe in consensus politics. I regard them as Quislings, as traitors... I mean it.;Margaret Thatcher;politics
Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary.;Robert Louis Stevenson;politics
The country already has a leader who divides us with the bitter politics of envy. We have to offer an alternative vision.;Mitt Romney;politics
To err is human. To blame someone else is politics.;Hubert H. Humphrey;politics
One of the things being in politics has taught me is that men are not a reasoned or reasonable sex.;Margaret Thatcher;politics
In politics... never retreat, never retract... never admit a mistake.;Napoleon Bonaparte;politics
Politics is the entertainment branch of industry.;Frank Zappa;politics
I haven't been very active in politics.;Clint Eastwood;politics
I think that you can disagree with people and debate over their positions with issues without engaging in the politics of personal destruction.;Hillary Clinton;politics
It is a vain hope to make people happy by politics.;Thomas Carlyle;politics
Anyone who thinks that the vice-president can take a position independent of the president of his administration simply has no knowledge of politics or government. You are his choice in a political marriage, and he expects your absolute loyalty.;Hubert H. Humphrey;politics
At the bottom of education, at the bottom of politics, even at the bottom of religion, there must be for our race economic independence.;Booker T. Washington;politics
In politics, as in religion, it is equally absurd to aim at making proselytes by fire and sword. Heresies in either can rarely be cured by persecution.;Alexander Hamilton;politics
We need more of the Office Desk and less of the Show Window in politics. Let men in office substitute the midnight oil for the limelight.;Calvin Coolidge;politics
One of the key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace, good people don't go into government.;Donald Trump;politics
Alliance - in international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pockets that they cannot separately plunder a third.;Ambrose Bierce;politics
I don't think politics has anything to do with left, right, or center. It has to do with trying to do right by people.;Paul Wellstone;politics
Revolution, n. In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.;Ambrose Bierce;politics
I learnt more about politics during one South Dakota dust storm than in seven years at the university.;Hubert H. Humphrey;politics
We believe that to err is human. To blame it on someone else is politics.;Hubert H. Humphrey;politics
I must not write a word to you about politics, because you are a woman.;John Adams;politics
If everybody in this town connected with politics had to leave town because of chasing women and drinking, you would have no government.;Barry Goldwater;politics
I'm not an old, experienced hand at politics. But I am now seasoned enough to have learned that the hardest thing about any political campaign is how to win without proving that you are unworthy of winning.;Adlai E. Stevenson;politics
The challenge is to practice politics as the art of making what appears to be impossible, possible.;Hillary Clinton;politics
In every country today, there is politics. It may be authoritarian politics, but there is politics.;Hillary Clinton;politics
I was in civil society long before I was ever in politics or my husband was ever even elected president.;Hillary Clinton;politics
There is no act of treachery or meanness of which a political party is not capable for in politics there is no honour.;Benjamin Disraeli;politics
If you have embraced a creed which appears to be free from the ordinary dirtiness of politics - a creed from which you yourself cannot expect to draw any material advantage - surely that proves that you are in the right?;George Orwell;politics
I am an Anglo-Catholic in religion, a classicist in literature and a royalist in politics.;T. S. Eliot;politics
What is a wife and what is a harlot? What is a church and what is a theatre? are they two and not one? Can they exist separate? Are not religion and politics the same thing? Brotherhood is religion. O demonstrations of reason dividing families in cruelty and pride!;William Blake;politics
When you are in any contest, you should work as if there were - to the very last minute - a chance to lose it. This is battle, this is politics, this is anything.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;politics
Half a truth is better than no politics.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;politics
