I understand it's my role to realize people's dreams.;Ayumi Hamasaki;dreams
I don't have dreams. How can I say it? I myself am a dream.;Ayumi Hamasaki;dreams
I understand it's my role to realize people's dreams. I'm O.K. with that so long as my songs are my own. No one can take my songs away from me.;Ayumi Hamasaki;dreams
Today I know that there is still work to be done, but along the way my I am achieving my dreams.;Candace Parker;dreams
I really want to live in New York. That's the city of my dreams.;Joel Kinnaman;dreams
I would like to see anyone be able to achieve their dreams, and that's what this organization does.;Sergey Brin;dreams
The dialogue between client and architect is about as intimate as any conversation you can have, because when you're talking about building a house, you're talking about dreams.;Robert A. M. Stern;dreams
Dreams have only the pigmentation of fact.;Djuna Barnes;dreams
Believe in and follow your dreams.;Kristanna Loken;dreams
All books are either dreams or swords, you can cut, or you can drug, with words.;Amy Lowell;dreams
I love working with kids, talking with them and listening to them. I always encourage kids to reach beyond their dreams. Don't try to be like me. Be better than me.;Florence Griffith Joyner;dreams
If there were dreams to sell, what would you buy?;Thomas Lovell Beddoes;dreams
Acting is fantastic, but to be able to create a whole world on celluloid is amazing. It's like taking your dreams straight from your head and projecting them onto a screen.;Amber Benson;dreams
This may sound strange but I had dreams as a kid of doing exactly what I ended up doing in my life.;Corey Hart;dreams
Dreams can still come true you need a great deal of energy and determination, and a little bit of luck.;Stefano Gabbana;dreams
I never felt I would be part of the international scene for 50 caps in my wildest dreams.;Kenny Cunningham;dreams
When you're a young English person who wants to be an actress and you have dreams, you dream of being Vanessa Redgrave or Judi Dench.;Janet McTeer;dreams
The man who never dreams, goes slowly mad.;Thomas Dolby;dreams
To be here today is just beyond my wildest dreams.;Rick Yune;dreams
As soon as I became old enough to make my dreams my reality, I became a firm believer that the subconscious and the world outside of our flesh and blood is essentially the truth.;Melissa Auf der Maur;dreams
Perhaps, all writers walk such a line. In general - as we all do in our dreams - I believe I put something of myself into all the characters in my novels, male as well as female.;Rose Tremain;dreams
The Hispanic community values entrepreneurship and family-owned businesses, and we deserve a leader in Washington who is dedicated to creating an environment where our values, our goals and our dreams of prosperity can become reality.;Mario Diaz-Balart;dreams
And the Republican Party especially associates the market with the idea of progress, goodness, family, and points us toward the mall as an answer to all our personal dreams.;Arlie Russell Hochschild;dreams
Our theme for this year's festivities, Dreams and Challenges of Asian Pacific Americans, speaks to the many generations of Asian Pacific Americans who worked hard to overcome economic hardship, racism and other barriers in their pursuit of the American dream.;Lucille Roybal-Allard;dreams
No man's brain is so dull, and no man's eye so blind, that they cannot catch food for dreams.;Donald G. Mitchell;dreams
As I watched bookstores close, I began to wonder how that felt for the owners. Owning a bookstore was their dream and now they're struggling and seeing those dreams fall apart.;Karen Kingsbury;dreams
I grew up with not a lot of money and I definitely shopped at Goodwill. But even in my most unfortunate state, I was really blessed compared to a lot of the rest of the world. I had a really great chance to follow my dreams and have them actually come true.;AnnaLynne McCord;dreams
I love to fly. I always wanted to fly. It's been one of my dreams since I was 3 years old. I remember saying to my mom, 3 years old, every day, 'I can fly!' Living on the ninth floor, it was dangerous.;Elena Anaya;dreams
Am I athletic? In my dreams.;Hugh Bonneville;dreams
Follow your passion, be prepared to work hard and sacrifice, and, above all, don't let anyone limit your dreams.;Donovan Bailey;dreams
In the year since we brought things into the open with a clean breath of fresh air at City Hall, we have learned about corrupt spending practices and unethical conflicts of interest that waste your money... and keep Dallas from being the great city of our dreams.;Laura Miller;dreams
I was very inspired by Les Blank's film 'Burden of Dreams.' I think what's unique about his film and the two I've made is that they're close examinations of filmmakers and how their own emotional experiences reflect in the material they're rendering, and vice versa - how that material sometimes colors their own lives.;George Hickenlooper;dreams
The Washington black community was able to succeed beyond his wildest dreams. I mean, we had our own newspapers, our own restaurants, our own theaters, our own small shops, our own clubs, our own Masonic lodges.;Ed Smith;dreams
Most of my actor friends don't believe it's possible to let go of it and be happy, and for a while that was true for me. For the first two years I ached, every day. And I had such bad dreams. But then I made the decision to start working on my little shop and all that went away.;Genie Francis;dreams
I think what every skater dreams of is not only skating the best program they can possibly skate, but, y'know, having the crowd roar at the end, and it was just so loud I couldn't even hear my music.;Sarah Hughes;dreams
Seems like half my anxiety dreams are about airports.;Lois McMaster Bujold;dreams
To see your friend's dreams come true, there's really nothing that can make you happier.;Josh Hopkins;dreams
The Olympics is about letting people believe in their own dreams.;Kyle Shewfelt;dreams
Dreams can be like charades in which we act out words rather than see or speak them.;Jane Roberts;dreams
I think there must be a place inside of us where dreams go and wait their turn.;Sue Monk Kidd;dreams
Gradually it occurred to me that we spend a great deal of life asleep and that dreams are little narratives, little stories. I thought, 'Who's choreographing this stuff?';Sue Monk Kidd;dreams
I think I usually have quite ordinary dreams. Sometimes my dreams take me to other dimensions. I can travel in my mind especially when I'm dreaming I focus my mind on what I want to dream. If I want to fly, I focus on flying.;Uri Geller;dreams
Our dreams are a second life. I have never been able to penetrate without a shudder those ivory or horned gates which separate us from the invisible world.;Gerard De Nerval;dreams
Hopefully kids will look at me and see that your dreams can come true.;Roy Keane;dreams
Hopes are but the dreams of those that wake.;Matthew Prior;dreams
Jazz to me is a living music. It's a music that since its beginning has expressed the feelings, the dreams, hopes, of the people.;Dexter Gordon;dreams
The idea of being able to serve as an example, based upon how to process, how to think, how to realize our own dreams, we can pass that down to our children.;Stedman Graham;dreams
Horror, for me, has to involve some sort of fantasy. Horror is something that is in your dreams or your nightmares.;Cassandra Peterson;dreams
It's surreal to know my dreams are coming true.;Mario Vazquez;dreams
I want to find someone who's really into something like I'm really into something, so that I can support them and we can both cheer each other on. I've got a lot of dreams I want to achieve, and I hope someone can cheer me on as I'll cheer them on in their dreams.;Hunter Hayes;dreams
I put a lot of faith in dreams. I know that big movie roles and opportunities are going to happen.;Krista Allen;dreams
Hollywood is the dream factory, and no one dreams about older women.;Amy Heckerling;dreams
If there is one place on the face of earth where all the dreams of living men have found a home from the very earliest days when man began the dream of existence, it is India.;Romain Rolland;dreams
I just want to be myself and go for my own dreams and goals.;Natalie du Toit;dreams
Dreams sometimes foretell the future.;Mickey Hart;dreams
O reason, reason, abstract phantom of the waking state, I had already expelled you from my dreams, now I have reached a point where those dreams are about to become fused with apparent realities: now there is only room here for myself.;Louis Aragon;dreams
I don't remember my dreams. I'm one of those weird people. I know there are tricks and things you can do, but I never remember my dreams.;Jayma Mays;dreams
One of the dreams of Zionism was to be a bridge. Instead, we are creating exclusion between the East and the West instead of creating bridges we are contributing to the conflict between East and West by our stupid desire to have more.;A. B. Yehoshua;dreams
As far as my dreams go, all I want to do is be a working actor, and I happily achieved that.;Lucas Grabeel;dreams
IN April 1882 my father died and I was at once whirled out of my land of dreams into a very different sphere.;Edward Carpenter;dreams
But what I'd really like to tell you is I never dreamed of being in the Hall of Fame. Standing here with all these great players was beyond any of my dreams.;Robin Yount;dreams
I had dreams of catching the ball for the final out in the World Series and being mobbed by my teammates. Well, I guess all my dreams didn't come true.;Robin Yount;dreams
Right now, I have some big dreams. But at the same time, if I get annoyed and harassed by the media, I'll just quit. I don't care. We're set for life. I have quite a temper.;Anna Benson;dreams
If you have a dream, just lie about it. Lie your way unto your dreams.;Joel McHale;dreams
I'm following my dreams and doing what I love as a designer. I did not want to be one of those kids with a famous last name that doesn't do anything. That is very unfulfilling to me and I'm very happy.;Nicky Hilton;dreams
Las Vegas is a very strange place. It's a place of broken dreams.;Concha Buika;dreams
I had dreams, but I didn't have the sense that they would necessarily work out. They seemed very far-fetched.;Greta Gerwig;dreams
The Oval Office symbolizes... the Constitution, the hopes and dreams, and I'm going to say democracy. And when you have a dress code in the Supreme Court and a dress code on the floor of the Senate, floor of the House, I think it's appropriate to have an expectation that there will be a dress code that respects the office of the President.;Andrew Card;dreams
I worry whether it's not really the best way to live one's life - trying to fulfill the dreams you had as a child. Maybe it's quite a backwards approach.;Joe Cornish;dreams
The name Air Supply sort of came from nowhere. I get a lot of my things in dreams and I just had a dream about it one night, and I woke up and said that's just got to be the name. That was in 1975.;Graham Russell;dreams
Art is for entertainment purposes, but it's also to reflect our dreams, our hopes, the present, the future the past - whether it's good or bad.;Amber Valletta;dreams
I can think of some things that would be fun, but I'm living my dreams.;Mike Farrell;dreams
My dreams for the future are simple: work, a happy, healthy family, a lovely long motorcycle ride, and continuing the struggle to awaken people to the need for serious human rights reform.;Mike Farrell;dreams
Dreams can come true.;Lil' Romeo;dreams
Our fathers had their dreams we have ours the generation that follows will have its own. Without dreams and phantoms man cannot exist.;Olive Schreiner;dreams
As I've grown - dare I say it - older, I had hopes of indulging my dreams of being a sailor.;Jimmy Webb;dreams
I think L.A.'s terrific. You fly an hour and a half and you're in the mountains in three feet of powder. I also think it's a much better city if you're working as an actor. If you're not working and you don't see your dreams coming true, there can be a lot of heartache.;Scott Patterson;dreams
Now, everybody, I suppose, is aware that in recent years the silly business of divination by dreams has ceased to be a joke and has become a very serious science.;Arthur Machen;dreams
It is all nonsense, to be sure and so much the greater nonsense inasmuch as the true interpretation of many dreams - not by any means of all dreams - moves, it may be said, in the opposite direction to the method of psycho-analysis.;Arthur Machen;dreams
If a man dreams that he has committed a sin before which the sun hid his face, it is often safe to conjecture that, in sheer forgetfulness, he wore a red tie, or brown boots with evening dress.;Arthur Machen;dreams
In the fifties I had dreams about touching a naked woman and she would turn to bronze or the dream about hot dogs chasing donuts through the Lincoln Tunnel.;Robert Klein;dreams
I have lived with my husband more than I have with my parents... I live beside him, and know his worries, his hopes, and his dreams for his nation. We believe that things happen by design, not in an arbitrary way. And we believe it is our duty to make things happen.;Mozah bint Nasser Al Missned;dreams
We don't have an eternity to realize our dreams, only the time we are here.;Susan Taylor;dreams
In my dreams I am not crippled. In my dreams, I dance.;Louise Brooks;dreams
When you're a kid, you have these big ideas and these big dreams to make a change, or maybe you feel like you can't make a difference.;AnnaSophia Robb;dreams
We didn't know how to run a business, but we had dreams and talent.;Ruth Handler;dreams
They were using the dolls to project their dreams of their own futures as adult women.;Ruth Handler;dreams
The London Games will be designed for the athletes and we will provide them with the very best venues and the very best conditions to pursue their sporting dreams in London.;Sebastian Coe;dreams
American dreams are strongest in the hearts of those who have seen America only in their dreams.;Pico Iyer;dreams
In my childhood, America was like a religion. Then, real-life Americans abruptly entered my life - in jeeps - and upset all my dreams.;Sergio Leone;dreams
Hollywood has always been a cage... a cage to catch our dreams.;John Huston;dreams
I've succeeded beyond my wildest dreams - financially and the amount of fun I have in my life.;Phil Hartman;dreams
Deep down, I'm a Texas girl looking for that big romance every girl dreams about. Biologically, I look forward to being a cornerstone of a family. I'll be in my glory when I have a child on my knee.;Renee Zellweger;dreams
I'm a journeyman actor, and I don't ever want to forget that. With romantic-lead dreams.;William Sanderson;dreams
I look up to people who succeed in accomplishing their dreams.;Joanna Noelle Levesque;dreams
Dreams have as much influence as actions.;Stephane Mallarme;dreams
There's a logic to dreams that doesn't necessarily follow linear narrative. You don't know why things happen, it's your subconscious pushing you, to give you information.;Justin Theroux;dreams
I've been blessed by doing classic plays on Broadway, which was one of my great dreams forever.;Michael Emerson;dreams
It is possible for a kid from east Texas, raised in south central LA and Carson, who believes in his dreams, commits himself to them with his heart, to touch them and to have them happen.;Forest Whitaker;dreams
