For as long as this nation has known war, we have embraced the heroes it has produced. Americans have rightfully noted the honor and nobility of courage under hostile fire and thanked those who perished in their defense.;James T. Walsh;courage
Anyone can support a team that is winning - it takes no courage. But to stand behind a team to defend a team when it is down and really needs you, that takes a lot of courage.;Bart Starr;courage
Through the inspiration of Vaclav's words, the courage of his dissidence and the integrity of his leadership, Czechoslovakia successfully transitioned from an authoritarian state to a free democracy at the heart of Europe.;Michael D. Higgins;courage
Most of man's problems upon this planet, in the long history of the race, have been met and solved either partially or as a whole by experiment based on common sense and carried out with courage.;Frances Perkins;courage
Although the war in which you fought took place more than half-a-century ago, your courage, your sacrifice and your patriotism reaches through the decades and inspires us today.;Mike Ferguson;courage
Optimism is the foundation of courage.;Nicholas M. Butler;courage
Americans are gathering the courage to just say no. We are saying no to addictive consumer lifestyles. We are saying no to wars and corporate takeover and the IMF loans that gobble up people and their resources.;Cynthia McKinney;courage
As a gay Jewish white South African, I belong to quite a lot of minority groups. You constantly have to question who you are, what you are and whether you have the courage to be who you are.;Antony Sher;courage
To go to hospitals and see people fight and overcome cystic fibrosis or cancer or any number of illnesses is to see courage that is humbling. And athletes constantly need to be humbled.;Dale Murphy;courage
The British were indeed very far superior to the Americans in every respect necessary to military operations, except the revivified courage and resolution, the result of sudden success after despair.;Mercy Otis Warren;courage
Yes, you must have the courage of being free.;Jose Carreras;courage
Throughout the history of our young nation, we have seen our military go bravely into battle, armed with courage and willing to make the ultimate sacrifice.;John M. McHugh;courage
I think what I would say to my younger self, and probably to younger, just starting-out writers is that a lot of times you're just afraid to put yourself out there, and it's uncomfortable because it's working up the courage to do something, to push yourself to do those things.;Carol Leifer;courage
Rosa Parks' courage, determination, and tenacity continue to be an inspiration to all those committed to non-violent protest and change nearly half a century later.;Bob Filner;courage
It is so often true that whether a person carries with him an atmosphere of gloom and depression or one of confidence and courage depends on his individual outlook.;James Keller;courage
To see what is right and not to do it is want of courage, or of principle.;Kong Fu Zi;courage
The problem is when you are writing something in retrospective, it needs a lot of courage not to change, or you will forget a certain reality, and you will just take in consideration your view today.;Boutros Boutros-Ghali;courage
The qualities of an exceptional cook are akin to those of a successful tightrope walker: an abiding passion for the task, courage to go out on a limb and an impeccable sense of balance.;Bryan Miller;courage
In short, we need to recover the courage we celebrate in our heroes, and in particular, the courage to tolerate, for the sake of a free society, a level of risk we hardly ever imagined in the past.;Daniel Dennett;courage
It is a wise man who knows where courage ends and stupidity begins.;Jerome Cady;courage
I try to be a truthful artist and I try to show a level of courage. I enjoy that. I'm a messenger.;Jeff Koons;courage
Courage is the fear of being thought a coward.;Horace Smith;courage
The right response to the non-problem of global warming is to have the courage to do nothing.;Christopher Monckton;courage
In the inhalation and exhalation there is an energy and a lively divine spirit, since He, through his spirit supports the breath of life, giving courage to the people who are in the earth and spirit to those who walk on it.;Michael Servetus;courage
Let me start with Yahoo. As we meet today, a Chinese citizen who had the courage to speak his mind on the Internet is in prison because Yahoo chose to share his name and address with the Chinese Government.;Tom Lantos;courage
Courage is action, not talk.;Jeff Rich;courage
It is our conduct, our patriotism and belief in our American way of life, our courage that will win the final battle.;Prescott Bush;courage
Remember in 1973 the same science chatter said that the coming Ice Age is going to occur, we're going to lose millions of people. And the politicians knew how to solve it, they just didn't have the courage to solve it they were going to put coal dust on the Arctic.;Don Young;courage
Let who will boast their courage in the field, I find but little safety from my shield, Nature's, not honour's law we must obey: This made me cast my useless shield away.;Archilochus;courage
It was actually a women's writing group I belonged to in graduate school that gave me the courage to move from poetry to fiction.;Mary Gordon;courage
As long as the opposition believes the world will stand with Ukraine's democrat reformers, they will have the leverage and the courage to establish a legitimate republic under the leadership of Viktor Yushchenko.;Bob Schaffer;courage
It would be sad if we lost our instinct and our courage to love and protect.;Emeli Sande;courage
I think the moments that are difficult for anybody are when you see what your life could be, if only you had the courage to take the steps needed.;John Slattery;courage
Farrah Fawcett had courage, she had strength, and she had faith.;Jaclyn Smith;courage
I have written a memoir here and there, and that takes its own form of selfishness and courage. However, generally speaking, I have no interest in writing about my own life or intruding in the privacy of those around me.;Peter Carey;courage
I know what real courage is, and I understand true compassion.;Mo Yan;courage
My talent is such that no undertaking, however vast in size... has ever surpassed my courage.;Peter Paul Rubens;courage
And as a child I was filled with passionate admiration for acts of civic courage I had seen performed by an elderly military doctor, who was a friend of my family.;Rene Cassin;courage
The single outstanding exception was the broad yet precise mandate communicated by the General Assembly in 1946 to prepare as soon as possible the Charter of Human Rights which the San Francisco Conference had not had the time or the courage to draw up.;Rene Cassin;courage
It often takes more courage to change one's opinion than to keep it.;Willy Brandt;courage
We must remind Americans that the promise of opportunity remains unbroken - that every person in this great nation can succeed through hard work, courage and personal responsibility.;Brian Sandoval;courage
Courage is always the surest wisdom.;Wilfred Grenfell;courage
One of the marks of a gift is to have the courage of it.;Katherine Anne Porter;courage
But after this natural burst of indignation, no man of sense, courage, or prudence will waste his time or his strength in retrospective reproaches or repinings.;Robert Peel;courage
I think the Iraqi people have shown extraordinary patience and courage in the last few months. They have really put a political system on the way to success, to a real democracy here.;Paul Bremer;courage
Freedom is a system based on courage.;Charles Peguy;courage
In this work I have received the opposition of a number of men who only advocate the unobtainable because the immediately possible is beyond their moral courage, administrative ability, and their political prescience.;John Burns;courage
With honesty of purpose, balance, a respect for tradition, courage, and, above all, a philosophy of life, any young person who embraces the historical profession will find it rich in rewards and durable in satisfaction.;Samuel E. Morison;courage
I would kiss you, had I the courage.;Edouard Manet;courage
One of the hardest questions I have been asked is 'How will you manage the army if you are having menstrual cramps?' I have also been asked if I will have the courage to face criminals. My answer is that courage is not a matter of gender.;Josefina Vazquez Mota;courage
It is remarkable that this people, though unarmed, dares attack an armed foe the infantry defy the cavalry, and by their activity and courage generally prove victors.;Giraldus Cambrensis;courage
With Pearl Jam, everybody is so good at what they do, it's hard to get up the courage to say, Can I sing this part, or, I want to play guitar. I feel like I have more courage to do that.;Jeff Ament;courage
I'm not a fighter, but I would love to be a boxer because I love the courage and toughness. I mean, there can be nothing more terrifying than walking into an arena and looking at Mike Tyson in the ring.;Mark McGrath;courage
But steel bars have never yet kept out a mob it takes something a good deal stronger: human courage backed up by the consciousness of being right.;Ray Stannard Baker;courage
During the long process of history, by relying on our own diligence, courage and wisdom, Chinese people have opened up a good and beautiful home where all ethnic groups live in harmony and fostered an excellent culture that never fades.;Xi Jinping;courage
I've decided to run for the U.S. Senate because I believe Wisconsin families need a senator who will work hard to deliver results for the middle class - a leader with the courage to do what's right, no matter how tough the odds or how powerful the special interests we have to fight.;Tammy Baldwin;courage
Ofttimes the test of courage becomes rather to live than to die.;Vittorio Alfieri;courage
I like so much wearing heels, legs look so much better, everything looks better. But it's only recently I've had the courage to do that.;Blanka Vlasic;courage
Courage is just fear, plus prayers, plus understanding.;Edward Albert;courage
Ronald Reagan's well documented final battles with Alzheimer's disease were fought with the same conviction and courage that his many public battles were fought.;William L. Jenkins;courage
The man who has the courage of his platitudes is always a successful man.;Van Wyck Brooks;courage
In our film profession you may have Gable's looks, Tracy's art, Marlene's legs or Liz's violet eyes, but they don't mean a thing without that swinging thing called courage.;Frank Capra;courage
To show the world what long experience gains, requires not courage, though it calls for pains but at life's outset to inform mankind is a bold effort of a valiant mind.;George Crabbe;courage
War paralyzes your courage and deadens the spirit of true manhood.;Alexander Berkman;courage
None speak of the bravery, the might, or the intellect of Jesus but the devil is always imagined as a being of acute intellect, political cunning, and the fiercest courage. These universal and instinctive tendencies of the human mind reveal much.;Lydia M. Child;courage
Men who live valiantly and die nobly have a strength and a courage from the eternal Father.;Josephus Daniels;courage
True courage is a result of reasoning. A brave mind is always impregnable.;Jeremy Collier;courage
It may not be the most popular but there is a place for it. I think about the kind of music I love, acoustic, melodic, and I guess it kind of took a bit of courage on my part to think I could be one of those songwriters.;Helen Slater;courage
Martin Luther King, Jr. Day is a time to honor the greatest champion of racial equality who taught a nation - through compassion and courage - about democracy, nonviolence and racial justice.;Mark Pryor;courage
It takes far less courage to kill yourself than it takes to make yourself wake up one more time. It's harder to stay where you are than to get out. For everyone but you, that is.;Judith Rossner;courage
There is no glory in war, yet from the blackness of its history, there emerge vivid colours of human character and courage. Those who risked their lives to help their friends.;Silvia Cartwright;courage
Courage to be is the key to revelatory power of the feminist revolution.;Mary Daly;courage
I took my courage in both hands and went to the Laundromat to do my washing. I had to use three machines.;Julie Doucet;courage
I love revolutionaries who have the courage to stand up against the status quo. They're always misunderstood, but they're the ones who are standing up for human rights.;Richard Hatch;courage
To bathe a cat takes brute force, perseverance, courage of conviction - and a cat. The last ingredient is usually hardest to come by.;Stephen Baker;courage
The memoirs that have come out of Africa are sometimes startlingly beautiful, often urgent, and essentially life-affirming, but they are all performances of courage and honesty.;Alexandra Fuller;courage
Give the people not hell, but hope and courage.;John Murray;courage
Courage ought to have eyes as well as arms.;H. G. Bohn;courage
Whatever enlarges hope will also exalt courage.;William Samuel Johnson;courage
Someone once told me the one thread that runs through them all is a premium on personal courage - not intellectual courage, but just plain physical courage.;Walter Lord;courage
They put me in a harness, like a horse, to learn the back somersault. It was weird up there when I put on that harness for the first time. The courage came with practice.;Donald O'Connor;courage
There has to be this pioneer, the individual who has the courage, the ambition to overcome the obstacles that always develop when one tries to do something worthwhile, especially when it is new and different.;Alfred P. Sloan;courage
If we can't have the courage to tell our constituents, hey, we've got to cut back, then if we can point to something and say, I would like to vote for more benefits for you, but this balanced budget amendment or statutory spending cap or whatever the device is, is preventing me from doing it.;Jeff Flake;courage
If you set as your goal to roll back the size of government, you have an obligation to answer the tough questions and show real courage, not just appeal to ideology. Treat the voters like adults.;Brian Baird;courage
The presidents of colleges have to have some courage to step forward. You can't limit alcohol in college sports, you have to get rid of it.;Dean Smith;courage
What I love about the East End is that there's a great perseverance, determination and courage. What I dislike about it is that there is sometimes a celebration of ignorance.;Eddie Marsan;courage
Morality may consist solely in the courage of making a choice.;Leon Blum;courage
Necessity does the work of courage.;Nicholas M. Butler;courage
Even within the last three or four years, I have a greater ability to communicate, I think. I have more courage to show the stuff... And it does take courage.;Barbara Cook;courage
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities - because it is the quality which guarantees all others.;Joseph Chamberlain;courage
A man of character in peace is a man of courage in war.;Charles Wilson;courage
My definition of courage is never letting anyone define you.;Jenna Jameson;courage
If I am to be known for anything, I would like it to be for encouraging Canadians, for knowing a little bit about their daily, extraordinary courage. And for wanting that courage to be recognized.;Romeo LeBlanc;courage
We simply do not understand our place in the universe and have not the courage to admit it.;Barry Lopez;courage
It's up to the courage of the filmmakers to make art in cinema, not just business. John was rejected by studios, he borrowed money and did movies with his own money. You're either courageous or not. You have to find a way.;Ben Gazzara;courage
I know this president. And I can tell you that he cares deeply about the next generation of young women in this country - his daughters, and everyone's daughters. President Obama had the courage to stand with Sandra Fluke. Without hesitation, he defended her right to tell her story.;Nancy Keenan;courage
People don't follow titles, they follow courage.;William Wells Brown;courage
Moral courage is higher and a rarer virtue than physical courage.;William Slim;courage
Support the strong, give courage to the timid, remind the indifferent, and warn the opposed.;Whitney M. Young;courage
