My acting teacher used to say that people reveal themselves in their opposites.;Kristin Bauer van Straten;teacher
I grew up singing. My mother was a music teacher.;Connie Britton;teacher
Yes, I was actually an acting teacher for a while.;Alanna Ubach;teacher
You really have to be a morning person if you want to be a teacher.;Alanna Ubach;teacher
Thus, the standard library will serve as both a tool and as a teacher.;Bjarne Stroustrup;teacher
That's a big deal for kids, when they come into the kitchen and the teacher is drinking coffee with mom. They react differently on the next day when you say: 'Sit down and shut-up!';Ed O'Neill;teacher
My painting teacher in high school used to say, 'I can't paint like I want to, but through practice I'll get better.' But I don't think that's true. I think sometimes you just can't paint.;Ellie Kemper;teacher
After this, I took private lessons in Italian from an elementary school teacher. He gave me themes to write about, and some of them turned out so well that he told me to publish them in a newspaper.;Grazia Deledda;teacher
Writing, I'm convinced, should be a subversive activity - frowned on by the authorities - and not one cooed over and praised beyond common sense by some teacher.;Dan Simmons;teacher
I loved almost everything about being a teacher, but I was an unusual teacher.;Dan Simmons;teacher
I want to clear up a few myths about myself. People have written that I was a kindergarten teacher and a former Miss Texas, and neither is true.;Krista Allen;teacher
My dad was a high school teacher and made no money.;Billy Baldwin;teacher
When I started out back in Louisville, there was Harry Collins. He was my first teacher. He saw that I was so obsessed with magic that he taught me the love of magic.;Lance Burton;teacher
I always think about which blood drive was going on in Georgia that day when that husband or mom or school teacher rolled up their sleeve and actually gave me a second chance at life. It's the ultimate gift of life, and I'm the one who was on the other end.;Niki Taylor;teacher
I was terrified of being a teacher. To stand in front of a classroom, the responsibility is boggling. Imagine! Standing in front of people!;John Glover;teacher
My mother was an actress and my voice teacher, an incredible voice teacher. My biological father is an actor, and my stepfather, who raised me along with my mother, is a psychotherapist. I was always supported in creative ventures.;Laura Benanti;teacher
In high school, I was Mr. Choir Boy. I had solos, I was helping out the tenors with their parts and our choir teacher would ask me what songs we should do.;Lucas Grabeel;teacher
There is no education system in the world - none at all - that's better than its average teacher.;David Puttnam;teacher
Without any doubt at all, teacher quality is the fundamental differentiator. Not just, incidentally, of education, but I would argue, probably the biggest single differentiator of success for the nations of the 21st Century.;David Puttnam;teacher
I've been a teacher at the college level, in composition mostly, and I've been an editor on magazines.;Jane Haddam;teacher
I felt like I was a teacher. But nowadays, I am as much a student of his. He writes a lot of what we play.;Gary Burton;teacher
My mother was an English teacher who decided to become a math teacher, and she used me as a guinea pig at home. My father had been a math teacher and then went to work at a steel mill because, frankly, he could make more money doing that.;Freeman A. Hrabowski III;teacher
He was very commanding, and you had to know what you were doing to work for Mr. Rogers. I learned how to ride very quickly with him as my riding teacher.;Glenn Ford;teacher
I think eventually I want to become a teacher, like my father wanted to be, and hopefully positively influence the next generation.;Ann Curry;teacher
My mother was a teacher, my father was a community organizer. I come from a working class background.;Chris Hayes;teacher
It's quite hard to have your mom as a teacher - it's like, she's not necessarily a 'real teacher' for me. But she'd always teach me to really hear the music, and develop my ear, and to try and hear the harmonics of the piano.;Birdy;teacher
If I had a personal wish for the new ideas in this new book it would be that every parent, every counselor, every teacher, every professor, every sports coach that deals with young people would understand the three circle concept.;James Collins;teacher
In the case of my book, I don't think it's really the coming-out gay novel that everyone really needed, even though it was received as such. The boy is too creepy, he betrays his teacher, the only adult man with whom he's enjoyed a sexual experience, etc.;Edmund White;teacher
Quite honestly I never had a desire to be an actor. I tell people, I did not choose acting acting chose me. I never grew up wanting to be an actor. I wanted to play football. In about 9th grade an English teacher told me I had a talent to act. He said I should audition for a performing arts high school so I did on a whim. I got accepted.;Ving Rhames;teacher
I went to a college in New York called New Paltz. I studied theater there for four years. I also studied privately in NYC with a teacher named Robert X. Modica.;Aida Turturro;teacher
Jackson went from the professor's chair to the officer's saddle. He carried with him the very elements of character which made him odious as a teacher but I never saw him in an arbitrary mood.;Daniel H. Hill;teacher
I'm just not a natural teacher.;David Benioff;teacher
A master can tell you what he expects of you. A teacher, though, awakens your own expectations.;Patricia Neal;teacher
I didn't have a teacher like Sister Mary Ignatius.;Christopher Durang;teacher
I reached a time in college when I didn't know what I wanted to do. At that time, women's careers were essentially nursing, secretarial and teaching. My mother advised me to get my teacher's certificate.;Kay Granger;teacher
As the daughter of a schoolteacher, I feel very strongly that the most important thing in school takes place right there in that classroom, and the interaction between the teacher and the child.;Kerry Healey;teacher
My father also happened to be an intellectual, as learned, literate, informed, and curious as anyone I have known. Unobtrusively and casually, he was my wise and gentle teacher.;James Tobin;teacher
My major was Fine Arts and Education thinking I would become an Art Teacher. I couldn't visualize myself as an art teacher, thinking how it wouldn't work.;Mark Mothersbaugh;teacher
I played saxophone, so I was into jazz. I learned from each audience and each teacher that I had. I can't really tell you any rules or anything, but the way I develop my beliefs is really just by personally learning from different situations.;Chad Hugo;teacher
One of the things I've always liked about my husband is he's very good at lots of stuff. He was an English teacher when I met him. He wrote poetry and played the guitar. As time went on, he decided to go into economics, so he's very analytical and mathematical in addition to his artsy side.;Ally Condie;teacher
When I was in fourth grade... this wonderful teacher said you didn't have to write a book report, you could just talk about the book, you could do a drawing of the book, you could write a play inspired by the book, and that's what I did. I got to be so famous. I had to go around to every school and perform it. It was just so natural and fun.;Didi Conn;teacher
I was born in Norway, and when I was little I went to live in Detroit, Michigan. My father was a professor of philosophy at Wayne University, and my mother was also a teacher.;Marta Kristen;teacher
My father was a schoolteacher and my mother came from a teacher's family.;Simon van der Meer;teacher
I had one drama teacher who was amazing, Ms. Perkins. She really tried to inspire me and get me going.;Carlos Pena, Jr.;teacher
When I was about 13 or 14, I had an English teacher who made a deal with me that I could get out of doing all of the year's regular work if I would write a short story a week and on Friday read it to the class.;Victor Salva;teacher
That is a secondary teacher conception - the writer as an observer.;Peter Bichsel;teacher
Once I accomplish one thing and I'm satisfied, I try something else. I may be 50 and doing something totally outside of music and acting. Maybe I'll become a kindergarten teacher.;Kid Cudi;teacher
I do home schooling. I went to regular school until fifth grade, and then I started doing home schooling, which it's completely different. I have a teacher on set with me and I just work with her, one-on-one.;Miranda Cosgrove;teacher
I watch too much cable, I admit. Day after day it gets frustrating. Yesterday I watched as someone called legislation to prevent teacher layoffs a bailout - but I know that's not a view held by many, nor were the views I was frustrated about.;Robert Gibbs;teacher
I took Spanish in high school and I didn't do too well in it. My Spanish teacher told me not to go on with Spanish anymore, so I was discouraged a little bit.;Tyler Posey;teacher
Golf is about knowledge, and studying another player - more than listening to a teacher - is the best way to get it.;Vijay Singh;teacher
The teacher that I was for decades, and that I still am in a certain way, wondered what was meant by the word education. I was truly dumbfounded at the very thought of dealing with such an essential and extensive subject.;Abdoulaye Wade;teacher
We're understanding what Obama is. He is the great teacher. He is this guy that stands above everybody. There's some condescension in it, but he stands above everybody and says, 'Now, listen. You people have to stop blaming each other unreasonably. You have to get along here and I am going to show you the way.' It is a pretty brave role in many ways.;Evan Thomas;teacher
Far from wishing to awaken the artist in the pupil prematurely, the teacher considers it his first task to make him a skilled artisan with sovereign control of his craft.;Eugen Herrigel;teacher
I have good relationships with Hillary Clinton, Joseph Biden and especially Richard Holbrooke - he is my teacher. I learned a lot of great things from him.;Mikheil Saakashvili;teacher
I am a teacher, and I am proud of it. At Cornell University I have taught primarily undergraduates, and indeed almost every year since 1966 have taught first-year general chemistry.;Roald Hoffmann;teacher
I stopped and gazed on the little dull man who was being paid to be a teacher of teachers. I turned and walked to the door, slammed it closed with a bang, and broken glass crashed to the floor. There was uproar behind me in the class, which did not interest me at all.;Burl Ives;teacher
When I was a child I used to read books by Gerald Durrell, who founded Jersey Zoo. He had a job collecting animals for zoos and for a long time that is what I wanted to do. Later when I was a teenager I had a fantastic English teacher called Mrs. Stafford. Her enthusiasm made me decide to be a writer.;Melvin Burgess;teacher
The teacher who would be true to his mission and accomplish the most good, must give prominence to moral as well as intellectual instruction.;Sheldon Jackson;teacher
Adele Adkins' retro-soul debut, '19', was striking less for her songs than for that voice: a voluptuous, slightly parched alto that swooped and fluttered like a Dusty Springfield student trying to upstage her teacher, or at least update the rules.;Will Hermes;teacher
At the age of 15, a teacher had asked me what I wanted to do for a career, and without knowing why or even how I replied that I wanted to be a poet.;Ama Ata Aidoo;teacher
My mum is a school teacher and my dad is an electrician.;Jai Courtney;teacher
I've been acting my whole life. I have this huge imagination! I'm a dancer and my mom's a dance teacher, and I was always performing and entertaining people. I'd go to see live theatre or a movie, and I'd become the main character for a few days afterwards. I loved being somebody new for a temporary amount of time.;Natasha Calis;teacher
To make the moral achievement implicit in science a source of strength to civilization, the scientist will have to have the cooperation also of the philosopher and the religious teacher.;Arthur Holly Compton;teacher
My mother, a teacher, encouraged me to use my creativity as an actual way to make a living, and my father, a Mississippi physician, did two things. First, he taught me that all human beings should be treated equally because no one is better than anyone else, and he never pressured me to become a doctor.;Greg Iles;teacher
The role of the teacher remains the highest calling of a free people. To the teacher, America entrusts her most precious resource, her children and asks that they be prepared... to face the rigors of individual participation in a democratic society.;Shirley Hufstedler;teacher
A wisely chosen illustration is almost essential to fasten the truth upon the ordinary mind, and no teacher can afford to neglect this part of his preparation.;Howard Crosby;teacher
It is commonly said that a teacher fails if he has not been surpassed by his students. There has been no failure on our part in this regard considering how far they have gone.;Edmond H. Fischer;teacher
I went to school at this log school house. A white woman was my teacher, I do not remember her name. My father had to pay her one dollar a month for me. Us kids that went to school did not have desks, we used slates and set on the hued down logs for seats.;Joe Davis;teacher
I was in three academic clubs, a huge book worm and the teacher's pet. I was kind of an easy target for bullies.;Nicole Anderson;teacher
Everyone will tell you how rigid I am, but a teacher has to be flexible. You can't cut the student to your cloth you have to cut yourself to theirs.;Jeanine Basinger;teacher
If we can teach a teacher we can reach more people.;Richard Stengel;teacher
If you don't have a teacher you can't have a disciple.;Dallas Willard;teacher
Our government is the potent, the omnipresent teacher. For good or ill it teaches the whole people by its example.;Timothy McVeigh;teacher
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.;Albert Einstein;technology
The typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation.;Oscar Wilde;technology
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.;Arthur C. Clarke;technology
The world is very different now. For man holds in his mortal hands the power to abolish all forms of human poverty, and all forms of human life.;John F. Kennedy;technology
I am sorry to say that there is too much point to the wisecrack that life is extinct on other planets because their scientists were more advanced than ours.;John F. Kennedy;technology
The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.;Bill Gates;technology
Technology is just a tool. In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them, the teacher is the most important.;Bill Gates;technology
Men have become the tools of their tools.;Henry David Thoreau;technology
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.;Elbert Hubbard;technology
Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.;Gertrude Stein;technology
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.;Aldous Huxley;technology
People who are really serious about software should make their own hardware.;Alan Kay;technology
All of the books in the world contain no more information than is broadcast as video in a single large American city in a single year. Not all bits have equal value.;Carl Sagan;technology
The march of science and technology does not imply growing intellectual complexity in the lives of most people. It often means the opposite.;Thomas Sowell;technology
We've arranged a civilization in which most crucial elements profoundly depend on science and technology.;Carl Sagan;technology
Bill Gates is a very rich man today... and do you want to know why? The answer is one word: versions.;Dave Barry;technology
Telephone, n. An invention of the devil which abrogates some of the advantages of making a disagreeable person keep his distance.;Ambrose Bierce;technology
Getting information off the Internet is like taking a drink from a fire hydrant.;Mitchell Kapor;technology
Inventor: A person who makes an ingenious arrangement of wheels, levers and springs, and believes it civilization.;Ambrose Bierce;technology
Soon silence will have passed into legend. Man has turned his back on silence. Day after day he invents machines and devices that increase noise and distract humanity from the essence of life, contemplation, meditation.;Jean Arp;technology
Making duplicate copies and computer printouts of things no one wanted even one of in the first place is giving America a new sense of purpose.;Andy Rooney;technology
Globalization, as defined by rich people like us, is a very nice thing... you are talking about the Internet, you are talking about cell phones, you are talking about computers. This doesn't affect two-thirds of the people of the world.;Jimmy Carter;technology
The Internet is the most important single development in the history of human communication since the invention of call waiting.;Dave Barry;technology
Do you realize if it weren't for Edison we'd be watching TV by candlelight?;Al Boliska;technology
The machine does not isolate man from the great problems of nature but plunges him more deeply into them.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;technology
