One simple way to keep organizations from becoming cancerous might be to rotate all jobs on a regular, frequent and mandatory basis, including the leadership positions.;Robert Shea;leadership
Market leadership can translate directly to higher revenue, higher profitability, greater capital velocity, and correspondingly stronger returns on invested capital.;Jeff Bezos;leadership
France, after the month of May, will share trust with the current leadership of the United States which, on many subjects, has tended to take useful positions in our view.;Francois Hollande;leadership
While Mayor Daley surprised me today with his decision to not run for reelection, I have never been surprised by his leadership, dedication and tireless work on behalf of the city and the people of Chicago.;Rahm Emanuel;leadership
Because of the president's leadership, every American will have access to affordable, quality health care.;Rahm Emanuel;leadership
Whose leadership, whose judgment, whose values do you want in the White House when that crisis lands like a thud on the Oval Office desk?;Rahm Emanuel;leadership
The person who takes the oath of office in the next four months will shape not just the next four years, but the next forty years of our nation. In these next four years, we need proven leadership, proven judgment and proven values. America needs four more years of President Barack Obama.;Rahm Emanuel;leadership
I have run a general election campaign pregnant and ran Ed Miliband's leadership campaign commuting to London with a new baby so I already have my system set up.;Lucy Powell;leadership
It's not a matter of if economies around the world becoming low-carbon, but when and how: through struggle and strife or through advancement and progressive leadership. Larry Elliot described it today as the 'Green New Deal.' It's a leadership we in Britain can provide, and from which our economy can benefit.;Lucy Powell;leadership
Each one of us, and, indeed, all those who aspire to national leadership must bring their own visions, views and styles to the business of reforming Nigeria, and the search for solutions.;Ibrahim Babangida;leadership
We're going to need to absorb some pain. The Republicans want to pile all the pain on people who can least afford it and the middle class and Democrats under his leadership want to make sure that we can address deficit reduction and continue to make investments and shared sacrifice is going to be imperative in order to be able to do that.;Debbie Wasserman Schultz;leadership
Leadership involves finding a parade and getting in front of it.;John Naisbitt;leadership
You know, rural Americans are a special people. Their labor puts food on our table and fuel in our gas tanks. Their service in our military sets a powerful example of leadership, honor and sacrifice. Their spirit of community inspires us all.;Tom Vilsack;leadership
Let us build a 21st-century rural economy of cutting-edge companies and technologies that lead us to energy and food security. Such an investment will revitalize rural America, re-establish our moral leadership on climate security and eliminate our addiction to foreign oil.;Tom Vilsack;leadership
If there is such a thing as good leadership, it is to give a good example. I have to do so for all the Ikea employees.;Ingvar Kamprad;leadership
Studies have consistently shown that financial hardship is the biggest obstacle to heterosexual marriage, yet the Republican leadership has done precious little to help address the financial hardship faced by American families.;Kendrick Meek;leadership
I think we need leadership that helps us remember that part of what we are about is caring about more than the person right next to us, but the folks across the way.;Anna Deavere Smith;leadership
We needed to go back on the offense and offer clear leadership on Iraq.;Condoleezza Rice;leadership
I talked about the need for American leadership, I talked about the importance of the United States to a more peaceful world, a world that has been quite turbulent in recent years, and needs a strong American anchor.;Condoleezza Rice;leadership
I recognize we will pay more attention when we have different leadership.;Octavia Butler;leadership
Education is the mother of leadership.;Wendell Willkie;leadership
Now, if we look at the way in which the labor movement itself has evolved over the last couple of decades, we see increasing numbers of black people who are in the leadership of the labor movement and this is true today.;Angela Davis;leadership
By providing outstanding economic leadership, this country can wage its attack successfully - and can thereby build the foundations of a peaceful world.;James Forrestal;leadership
It is the responsibility of leadership to provide opportunity, and the responsibility of individuals to contribute.;William Pollard;leadership
I had the closest thing I have ever had to an out-of-body experience lying in bed one morning. I turned on the 'Today' programme and item four on the news was: 'The shadow chancellor has ruled himself out of the leadership.' I lay there thinking that's interesting, then I realised it was me.;George Osborne;leadership
To meet the expectations of the majority of our people, and to open up new vistas of economic opportunity so that the aspirations of Nigerians can stand a fair chance of being fulfilled in a lifetime, there must be a truly committed leadership in a democratic Nigeria.;Ibrahim Babangida;leadership
The biggest novelty of 2013 will be new leadership in China. Very little is known about the views of the new leaders - who will rule the country for ten years. But we do know they're the first generation of Chinese leaders who have spent the majority of their lives in a China 'opening up' to the rest of the world.;David Miliband;leadership
The test of leadership for David Cameron was actually to bring the British Conservative Party back in to the mainstream.;David Miliband;leadership
Clearly no one knows what leadership has gone undiscovered in women of all races, and in black and other minority men.;Gloria Steinem;leadership
I've developed a huge regard for Toyota for its environmental awareness, for its immense commitment to research and development in this field, and for its leadership in developing hybrids which others are now following.;Maurice Strong;leadership
I think Chinese leadership is trying to tell the world they have another set of logic or reasoning or values which are different from yours. Of course, I don't think they believe that. It's just an argument that's made when you can't confront the truth and facts. They really want to maintain power.;Ai Weiwei;leadership
There are no ideas in the Republican Party right now in the Congress. They're the party of no. They desperately need some intellectual leadership. And whatever you think of Newt Gingrich, he can supply intellectual leadership. So I hope he does run.;Howard Dean;leadership
The fact is, when it comes to economic leadership, the Republicans have nothing to brag about. This isn't what the American people want. They want to see progress that works for them.;Debbie Wasserman Schultz;leadership
Democrats are going to proudly run on the fact that we turned the economy around. It was our policies under President Obama's leadership through the Recovery Act, through investing in the automobile industry.;Debbie Wasserman Schultz;leadership
Unfortunately, the Republican leadership in the House right now seems to have been strangled by the tea party.;Debbie Wasserman Schultz;leadership
Aren't we at the point where the closer we get to chaos, the more concern that there should be about coming to the table and compromising with Democrats? This is not leadership. This is almost like dictatorship.;Debbie Wasserman Schultz;leadership
We've been sitting at the compromise table for a long time. We're just waiting for that cold chair to be warmed up by the Republican leadership. They still have time to do the right thing and be responsible. They just seem to be moving further and further away from it.;Debbie Wasserman Schultz;leadership
The art of communication is the language of leadership.;James Humes;leadership
All Americans and freedom-loving people around the world owe President Reagan our deepest gratitude for his strong, principled leadership that ended the Cold War and brought freedom to millions of people.;Jim Ramstad;leadership
Real leadership is leaders recognizing that they serve the people that they lead.;Pete Hoekstra;leadership
China and India will take the global leadership on climate change: they are suffering for it.;Malcolm Turnbull;leadership
President Bush has shown great leadership. He has said that the 21st century will not be ruled or dictated by terrorists, dictators, and murderers. He is absolutely right. God bless him for his resolve.;Lindsey Graham;leadership
President Obama chose politics over leadership. 'Hope' and 'Change' have become bait-and-switch.;Lindsey Graham;leadership
This is easy to say with the benefit of hindsight, but I think it once again points out how very important style of leadership, that is the way he does what he does, is to his perception.;Robert Teeter;leadership
Research has shown that the perceived style of leadership is by far the most important thing to most voters in evaluating officeholders and candidates.;Robert Teeter;leadership
If you can provide the funding and you get the leadership, you'll have a competitive team.;T. Boone Pickens;leadership
I urge the Iraqi leadership for sake of its own people... to seize this opportunity and thereby begin to end the isolation and suffering of the Iraqi people.;Kofi Annan;leadership
At that time, the army leadership said the implementation of this agreement would allow everyone, including the IRA, to take its political objectives forward by peaceful and democratic means.;Gerry Adams;leadership
Sinn Fein has demonstrated the ability to play a leadership role as part of a popular movement towards peace, equality and justice.;Gerry Adams;leadership
I know of no single formula for success. But over the years I have observed that some attributes of leadership are universal and are often about finding ways of encouraging people to combine their efforts, their talents, their insights, their enthusiasm and their inspiration to work together.;Queen Elizabeth II;leadership
Being a CEO still means sitting across the table from big institutional investors and showing your leadership and having them believe in you.;Christie Hefner;leadership
We in the press, by our power, can actually undermine leadership.;Christiane Amanpour;leadership
You can never stop and as older people, we have to learn how to take leadership from the youth and I guess I would say that this is what I'm attempting to do right now.;Angela Davis;leadership
The very essence of leadership is that you have to have vision. You can't blow an uncertain trumpet.;Theodore Hesburgh;leadership
I wish I had played team sports. I think every kid should. Teamwork builds character - teaches people about leadership and cooperation.;Mo Rocca;leadership
I took a gamble to exercise leadership without losing my feminine nature.;Michelle Bachelet;leadership
As a vibrant force in civil society, women continue to press for their rights, equal participation in decision-making, and the upholding of the principles of the revolution by the highest levels of leadership in Egypt.;Michelle Bachelet;leadership
I believe that in Europe, we have a collective leadership.;Mario Monti;leadership
So I think democracy, in the long-term, in our countries will survive if it comes to be associated with leadership, will not survive if democracy plus media brings to us more and more followship rather than leadership.;Mario Monti;leadership
One secret of leadership is that the mind of a leader never turns off. Leaders even when they are sightseers or spectators, are active not passive observers.;James Humes;leadership
The more consistent a father can be or a mentor can be in the person's life and teach them principles of real solid manhood, character, integrity and leadership, the more consistent you can be in the person's life and teach them those things at a younger age, and then the better off they'll be.;Allan Houston;leadership
If people want to compete for leadership of a religious group, they can compete in piety. A chilling thought. Or funny.;Mary Douglas;leadership
The message of the free world to any potential Palestinian leadership should be a simple one: Embrace democratic reform and we will embrace you.;Natan Sharansky;leadership
There was great leadership in this country at the time of World War II. There was also unrelenting resolve at home, in America's factories and on the farms, in the cities and the country.;Bob Feller;leadership
The things journalists should pay attention to are the issues the political leadership agrees on, rather than to their supposed antagonisms.;Michael Pollan;leadership
Clearly you need a new team to go out to bat on your behalf to fight for your rights and to report back to you personally and to the leadership of the IFP.;Mangosuthu Buthelezi;leadership
Sometimes leadership is planting trees under whose shade you'll never sit. It may not happen fully till after I'm gone. But I know that the steps we're taking are the right steps.;Jennifer M. Granholm;leadership
I have never been afraid to stand up to the leadership on issues where we disagree. If you chose to keep Cambridge Labour, then I can continue to press the Government for the things that matter to you, in a way that members of the opposition are unable to.;Anne Campbell;leadership
Obama is thoroughly mixed up with all these things he's got. He's got to solve Libya. He's got to solve Afghanistan. He's everywhere. And this nation, I don't know why it's not showing the leadership and capacity to attend different issues at the same time.;Vicente Fox;leadership
What nourishes us at home and in school is what inspires us. When we get awareness and learn about the great potential that we all human beings have, we are able to discover our leadership.;Vicente Fox;leadership
Half a world away nations that once lived under oppression and tyranny are now budding democracies due in large part to America 's leadership and the sacrifices of our military.;Bob Riley;leadership
There was no imminent threat. This was made up in Texas, announced in January to the Republican leadership that war was going to take place and was going to be good politically. This whole thing was a fraud.;Edward Kennedy;leadership
I want to use my position of leadership to help move along at a faster pace what I believe and know the Obama administration wants to do around the urgency of climate change.;Kamala Harris;leadership
Doing nothing while the middle class is hurting. That's not leadership. Loose regulations and lax enforcement. That's not leadership. That's abandoning our middle class.;Kamala Harris;leadership
I'm not up on the Internet, but I hear that is a democratic possibility. People can connect with each other. I think people are ready for something, but there is no leadership to offer it to them. People are ready to say, 'Yes, we are part of a world.';Studs Terkel;leadership
Leadership requires the courage to make decisions that will benefit the next generation.;Alan Autry;leadership
We're in a leadership position in sports. People look up to the National Football League.;Roger Goodell;leadership
And the whole world, the whole world that believes in freedom, whether you're talking about personal freedom, economic freedom, religious freedom, they look to the United States for leadership and you're part of that leadership.;Don Nickles;leadership
An old African leader says about leadership, he says that leadership should never be shared it should always remain in the hands of the dispossessed people. We will lead the revolution.;H. Rap Brown;leadership
Divorced from ethics, leadership is reduced to management and politics to mere technique.;James MacGregor Burns;leadership
Leadership should be born out of the understanding of the needs of those who would be affected by it.;Marian Anderson;leadership
I think what actually works best is local-level individual targeting of key leadership nodes.;John Abizaid;leadership
As for leadership, I am the kind who leads reluctantly and more by example than anything else. Someone had to be on the incorporation papers as president.;Keith Henson;leadership
The current leadership of the Labor party react to the idea that working-class students might study the subjects they studied with the same horror that the Earl of Grantham showed when a chauffeur wanted to marry his daughter.;Michael Gove;leadership
Labor, under their current leadership, want to be the Downtown Abbey party when it comes to educational opportunity. They think working class children should stick to the station in life they were born into - they should be happy to be recognized for being good with their hands and not presume to get above themselves.;Michael Gove;leadership
I believe that we as the leader of the Free World must provide important leadership on the ethical parameters, the ethical constraints that this research requires.;Ron Kind;leadership
We should see the leadership from the White House setting dates certain for certain goals of achieving greater alliance on alternative and renewable energy sources, but we are not.;Ron Kind;leadership
Turnaround or growth, it's getting your people focused on the goal that is still the job of leadership.;Anne M. Mulcahy;leadership
Not everybody is created equal, and it's important for companies to identify those high potentials and treat them differently, accelerate their development and pay them more. That process is so incredibly important to developing first-class leadership in a company.;Anne M. Mulcahy;leadership
You cannot transpose the U.S. system on Turkey, and the Turkish system on France etc. You have to understand the people and their culture. That's leadership.;Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa;leadership
Bipartisanship isn't an option anymore it is a requirement. The American people have divided responsibility for leadership right down the middle.;Tom Daschle;leadership
All of this suggests that while citizens became more comfortable with President Bush after September 11 and thought him to have the requisite leadership skills, they continue to harbor doubts about his priorities, loyalties, interests, and policies.;Thomas E. Mann;leadership
Every time you have to speak, you are auditioning for leadership.;James Humes;leadership
And I'd say one of the great lessons I've learned over the past couple of decades, from a management perspective, is that really when you come down to it, it really is all about people and all about leadership.;Steve Case;leadership
Such manifestations I account as representing the creative leadership of the new forces of thought and appreciation which attend changes in technological pattern and therefore of the pattern of human relationships in society.;John Grierson;leadership
I think most Americans understand that we went through a period in which American leadership was judged quite critically internationally.;Susan Rice;leadership
I think the greater responsibility, in terms of morality, is where leadership begins.;Norman Lear;leadership
In the area we're discussing, leadership begins on Madison Avenue, on the desks and in the offices of people who spend hundreds of millions of dollars buying what will get them ratings.;Norman Lear;leadership
In this nation, leadership is dollars.;Norman Lear;leadership
