No change of circumstances can repair a defect of character.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;change
Forgiving does not erase the bitter past. A healed memory is not a deleted memory. Instead, forgiving what we cannot forget creates a new way to remember. We change the memory of our past into a hope for our future.;Lewis B. Smedes;change
Are creeds such simple things like the clothes which a man can change at will and put on at will? Creeds are such for which people live for ages and ages.;Mahatma Gandhi;change
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.;Wayne Dyer;change
I hope everyone that is reading this is having a really good day. And if you are not, just know that in every new minute that passes you have an opportunity to change that.;Gillian Anderson;change
For having lived long, I have experienced many instances of being obliged, by better information or fuller consideration, to change opinions, even on important subjects, which I once thought right but found to be otherwise.;Benjamin Franklin;change
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.;Oprah Winfrey;change
Character isn't something you were born with and can't change, like your fingerprints. It's something you weren't born with and must take responsibility for forming.;Jim Rohn;change
Wars of nations are fought to change maps. But wars of poverty are fought to map change.;Muhammad Ali;change
It's time to fundamentally change the way that we do business in Washington. To help build a new foundation for the 21st century, we need to reform our government so that it is more efficient, more transparent, and more creative. That will demand new thinking and a new sense of responsibility for every dollar that is spent.;Barack Obama;change
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.;Tony Robbins;change
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;change
The faults of a superior person are like the sun and moon. They have their faults, and everyone sees them they change and everyone looks up to them.;Confucius;change
Every human has four endowments- self awareness, conscience, independent will and creative imagination. These give us the ultimate human freedom... The power to choose, to respond, to change.;Stephen Covey;change
But if nothing but soul, or in soul mind, is qualified to count, it is impossible for there to be time unless there is soul, but only that of which time is an attribute, i.e. if change can exist without soul.;Aristotle;change
We cannot change our past. We can not change the fact that people act in a certain way. We can not change the inevitable. The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have, and that is our attitude.;Charles R. Swindoll;change
People can try to reinvent themselves. I don't think you can really change who you are, though, because who you are is pretty much where you came from and what you've done up to now.;Eminem;change
I don't think the human mind can comprehend the past and the future. They are both just illusions that can manipulate you into thinking theres some kind of change.;Bob Dylan;change
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life and the procedure , the process is its own reward.;Amelia Earhart;change
A man has a tendency to accept you the way you are, while most women immediately start to pick flaws and want to change you.;Marilyn Monroe;change
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be.;John Wooden;change
In times of change learners inherit the earth while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists.;Eric Hoffer;change
Education doesn't change life much. It just lifts trouble to a higher plane of regard.;Robert Frost;change
Few will have the greatness to bend history itself but each of us can work to change a small portion of events, and in the total of all those acts will be written the history of this generation.;Robert Kennedy;change
In order to change the world, you have to get your head together first.;Jimi Hendrix;change
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.;Tony Robbins;change
Most of the change we think we see in life is due to truths being in and out of favor.;Robert Frost;change
The truth is that we can learn to condition our minds, bodies, and emotions to link pain or pleasure to whatever we choose. By changing what we link pain and pleasure to, we will instantly change our behaviors.;Tony Robbins;change
What I learned in jail is that I can't change. I can't live a different lifestyle-this is it. This is the life that they gave and this is the life that I made.;Tupac Shakur;change
Music can change the world because it can change people.;Bono;change
Most women set out to try to change a man, and when they have changed him they do not like him.;Marlene Dietrich;change
You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight.;Jim Rohn;change
Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.;Harry S. Truman;change
The world we see that seems so insane is the result of a belief system that is not working. To perceive the world differently, we must be willing to change our belief system, let the past slip away, expand our sense of now, and dissolve the fear in our minds.;William James;change
The curious paradox is that when I accept myself just as I am, then I can change.;Carl Rogers;change
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.;Thomas Hardy;change
Things don't have to change the world to be important.;Steve Jobs;change
We always overestimate the change that will occur in the next two years and underestimate the change that will occur in the next ten. Don't let yourself be lulled into inaction.;Bill Gates;change
Sometimes if you want to see a change for the better, you have to take things into your own hands.;Clint Eastwood;change
Change is the end result of all true learning.;Leo Buscaglia;change
People always fear change. People feared electricity when it was invented, didn't they? People feared coal, they feared gas-powered engines... There will always be ignorance, and ignorance leads to fear. But with time, people will come to accept their silicon masters.;Bill Gates;change
Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what's going to happen next.;Gilda Radner;change
One of my favorite philosophical tenets is that people will agree with you only if they already agree with you. You do not change people's minds.;Frank Zappa;change
There is the good and the bad, the great and the low, the just and the unjust. I swear to you that all that will never change.;Albert Camus;change
Change your opinions, keep to your principles change your leaves, keep intact your roots.;Victor Hugo;change
The joy of life consists in the exercise of one's energies, continual growth, constant change, the enjoyment of every new experience. To stop means simply to die. The eternal mistake of mankind is to set up an attainable ideal.;Aleister Crowley;change
I never blame myself when I'm not hitting. I just blame the bat and if it keeps up, I change bats. After all, if I know it isn't my fault that I'm not hitting, how can I get mad at myself?;Yogi Berra;change
In my early professional years I was asking the question: How can I treat, or cure, or change this person? Now I would phrase the question in this way: How can I provide a relationship which this person may use for his own personal growth?;Carl Rogers;change
Complainers change their complaints, but they never reduce the amount of time spent in complaining.;Mason Cooley;change
If you believe that feeling bad or worrying long enough will change a past or future event, then you are residing on another planet with a different reality system.;William James;change
Excess generally causes reaction, and produces a change in the opposite direction, whether it be in the seasons, or in individuals, or in governments.;Plato;change
When you blame others, you give up your power to change.;Robert Anthony;change
Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times.;Niccolo Machiavelli;change
Ask yourself: Have you been kind today? Make kindness your daily modus operandi and change your world.;Annie Lennox;change
There is nothing so stable as change.;Bob Dylan;change
I change during the course of a day. I wake and I'm one person, and when I go to sleep I know for certain I'm somebody else.;Bob Dylan;change
To change ones life: Start immediately. Do it flamboyantly.;William James;change
Jealousy is bred in doubts. When those doubts change into certainties, then the passion either ceases or turns absolute madness.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;change
I usually make up my mind about a man in ten seconds, and I very rarely change it.;Margaret Thatcher;change
Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable.;Denis Waitley;change
No one is in control of your happiness but you therefore, you have the power to change anything about yourself or your life that you want to change.;Barbara de Angelis;change
Change yourself and your work will seem different.;Norman Vincent Peale;change
Be content with what you are, and wish not change nor dread your last day, nor long for it.;Marcus Aurelius;change
Gratitude bestows reverence, allowing us to encounter everyday epiphanies, those transcendent moments of awe that change forever how we experience life and the world.;John Milton;change
Let me be absolutely clear. Israel is a strong friend of Israel's. It will be a strong friend of Israel's under a McCain administration. It will be a strong friend of Israel's under an Obama administration. So that policy is not going to change.;Barack Obama;change
I don't care whether you're driving a hybrid or an SUV. If you're headed for a cliff, you have to change direction. That's what the American people called for in November, and that's what we intend to deliver.;Barack Obama;change
For the first time in my adult lifetime, I am really proud of my country. And not just because Barack has done well, but because I think people are hungry for change. And I have been desperate to see our country moving in that direction.;Michelle Obama;change
I read and walked for miles at night along the beach, writing bad blank verse and searching endlessly for someone wonderful who would step out of the darkness and change my life. It never crossed my mind that that person could be me.;Anna Quindlen;change
The whole course of human history may depend on a change of heart in one solitary and even humble individual - for it is in the solitary mind and soul of the individual that the battle between good and evil is waged and ultimately won or lost.;M. Scott Peck;change
If a person doesn't change, there's something really wrong with him.;Clint Eastwood;change
If any man claims the Negro should be content... let him say he would willingly change the color of his skin and go to live in the Negro section of a large city. Then and only then has he a right to such a claim.;Robert Kennedy;change
Times and conditions change so rapidly that we must keep our aim constantly focused on the future.;Walt Disney;change
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.;Andy Warhol;change
Man seeks to change the foods available in nature to suit his tastes, thereby putting an end to the very essence of life contained in them.;Sai Baba;change
Now we're in the midst of not just advocating for change, not just calling for change - we're doing the grinding, sometimes frustrating work of delivering change - inch by inch, day by day.;Barack Obama;change
Desperation is the raw material of drastic change. Only those who can leave behind everything they have ever believed in can hope to escape.;William S. Burroughs;change
Artists to my mind are the real architects of change, and not the political legislators who implement change after the fact.;William S. Burroughs;change
The central conservative truth is that it is culture, not politics, that determines the success of a society. The central liberal truth is that politics can change a culture and save it from itself.;Daniel Patrick Moynihan;change
Of course, there is no question that Libya - and the world - will be better off with Gaddafi out of power. I, along with many other world leaders, have embraced that goal, and will actively pursue it through non-military means. But broadening our military mission to include regime change would be a mistake.;Barack Obama;change
Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe loves nothing so much as to change the things which are, and to make new things like them.;Marcus Aurelius;change
The universe is change our life is what our thoughts make it.;Marcus Aurelius;change
This is a fantastic time to be entering the business world, because business is going to change more in the next 10 years than it has in the last 50.;Bill Gates;change
We can have no progress without change, whether it be basketball or anything else.;John Wooden;change
God, give us grace to accept with serenity the things that cannot be changed, courage to change the things which should be changed and the wisdom to distinguish the one from the other.;Reinhold Niebuhr;change
In a decaying society, art, if it is truthful, must also reflect decay. And unless it wants to break faith with its social function, art must show the world as changeable. And help to change it.;Ernst Fischer;change
Science arose from poetry... when times change the two can meet again on a higher level as friends.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;change
Every great and deep difficulty bears in itself its own solution. It forces us to change our thinking in order to find it.;Niels Bohr;change
Don't knock the weather nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while.;Kin Hubbard;change
I was willing to accept what I couldn't change.;Abdul Kalam;change
If death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character, would you slow down? Or speed up?;Chuck Palahniuk;change
It is often when night looks darkest, it is often before the fever breaks that one senses the gathering momentum for change, when one feels that resurrection of hope in the midst of despair and apathy.;Hillary Clinton;change
There is no progress whatever. Everything is just the same as it was thousands, and tens of thousands, of years ago. The outward form changes. The essence does not change.;Robert Louis Stevenson;change
Miracles happen everyday, change your perception of what a miracle is and you'll see them all around you.;Jon Bon Jovi;change
This is the America that I love. This is a great people. We can do anything. We can achieve anything. We've got a government that has gotten in the way of the American people. We're going to change that in November.;Mitt Romney;change
Constitutions should consist only of general provisions the reason is that they must necessarily be permanent, and that they cannot calculate for the possible change of things.;Alexander Hamilton;change
Instead of giving a politician the keys to the city, it might be better to change the locks.;Doug Larson;change
I wanted to change the world. But I have found that the only thing one can be sure of changing is oneself.;Aldous Huxley;change
Climate change is a terrible problem, and it absolutely needs to be solved. It deserves to be a huge priority.;Bill Gates;change
Always Do Your Best. Your best is going to change from moment to moment it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret.;Miguel Angel Ruiz;change
