Talent, like beauty, to be pardoned, must be obscure and unostentatious.;Marguerite Gardiner;beauty
And at five o'clock in the morning we left to drive to Old Tucson, and I sat with my mouth open in the van. I was stunned by the beauty of that country.;Erika Slezak;beauty
Part of the beauty of the show in a way is that he's not perfect, but you can always count on him to do the right thing in a pinch. That's why he inspires people and inspires me.;Stephen Collins;beauty
The very women who object to the morals of a notoriously beautiful actress, grow big with pride when an admirer suggests their marked resemblance to this stage beauty in physique.;Minna Antrim;beauty
Of course, all of the software I write runs on Linux that's the beauty of standards, and of cross-platform code. I don't have to run your OS, and you don't have to run mine, and we can use the same applications anyway!;Jamie Zawinski;beauty
Beauty is being in harmony with what you are.;Peter Nivio Zarlenga;beauty
I like to have Chinese furniture in my home as a constant and painful reminder of how much has been destroyed in China. The contrast between the beauty of the past and the ugliness of the modern is nowhere sharper than in China.;Jung Chang;beauty
When you are at the bottom, you find beauty in such little things, and goodness in such little gestures. When I compare any struggle today to ones that I may have had in my childhood, there is nothing that can bring me down.;Natalia Vodianova;beauty
This is why cup finals are so special because on the day anyone can beat anyone. That's what it's all about and that's why for me the FA Cup and the Carling Cup are the best cups in the world. That's the beauty of the cup.;Ian Rush;beauty
I've been on the cover of 'Time' magazine three times, not for my beauty but because what I was doing was newsworthy around the world. I've worked with teams all my life, but I've been nice and I've been kind.;Cheryl Tiegs;beauty
I look OK. I look better in person than I do on film, which is bad because it's how I make my living, but I am not a beauty and on balance I am glad.;Felicity Huffman;beauty
Beauty can make you powerful in a way that isn't good for you. Being OK is better for the person I have become.;Felicity Huffman;beauty
I'm from Canada, and New Zealand feels like you took all the best bits of Canada and squished them onto a tiny island like Hawaii. I was absolutely blown away by the beauty of the South Island.;Evangeline Lilly;beauty
Shortly thereafter, some friends encouraged me to try out for the Miss South Carolina World beauty pageant. To my surprise, I won - and was sent to New York City to compete nationally.;Donna Rice;beauty
This is so cliche, but my beauty icon would have to be Angelina Jolie. She looks like she wears natural makeup, but she's still beautiful.;Tila Tequila;beauty
I think every person has their own identity and beauty. Everyone being different is what is really beautiful. If we were all the same, it would be boring.;Tila Tequila;beauty
My sisters and I were fortunate to travel through Asia and Europe at very young ages. We confronted extraordinary beauty in Athens and unspeakable poverty in India.;Mary Chapin Carpenter;beauty
Pastry is different from cooking because you have to consider the chemistry, beauty and flavor. It's not just sugar and eggs thrown together. I tell my pastry chefs to be in tune for all of this. You have to be challenged by using secret or unusual ingredients.;Ron Ben-Israel;beauty
Beauty is not everything!;Chita Rivera;beauty
The beauty comes with the balance. Everyone should find his own balance in his personal as well as his professional life. Once you do so, you will feel and look beautiful.;Karolina Kurkova;beauty
In things to be seen at once, much variety makes confusion, another vice of beauty. In things that are not seen at once, and have no respect one to another, great variety is commendable, provided this variety transgress not the rules of optics and geometry.;Christopher Wren;beauty
You don't have to save the world, but you can be in the world-that's where the beauty comes from.;Daphne Zuniga;beauty
Seek goodness and be goodness. Seek beauty and be beauty. Seek love and be love.;Bryant McGill;beauty
I know as an actor there is a certain liberation auditioning for a role that has no beauty requirements.;Mireille Enos;beauty
You can muck around with different guitars for certain bits, but you have to have your own sound. That's your benchmark, that's your sound. I also play a Black Beauty. It sounds amazing.;Dan Hawkins;beauty
I have to hit the gym. I have beauty appointments. I have to work toward my next job and maintaining my image, just like an athlete.;Linda Evangelista;beauty
The beauty of 'The Walking Dead' and the beauty of being on a television show for a while, is that, it's your backstory, it's part of what you are, it's what you carry with you every day.;Laurie Holden;beauty
We need a balanced, long term energy policy to reduce our dependence on foreign oil and preserve the beauty of the land we love.;Heather Wilson;beauty
Find beauty not only in the thing itself but in the pattern of the shadows, the light and dark which that thing provides.;Junichiro Tanizaki;beauty
When the soul looks out of its body, it should see only beauty in its path. These are the sights we must hold in mind, in order to move to a higher place.;Yusef Lateef;beauty
The sport of horse racing which, at its best, showcases the majestic beauty of this animal and the athleticism of jockeys, has reached an alarming level of corruption and exploitation.;Tom Udall;beauty
We were astonished by the beauty and refinement of the art displayed by the objects surpassing all we could have imagined - the impression was overwhelming.;Howard Carter;beauty
The beauty of jazz is that it's malleable. People are addressing it to suit their own personalities.;Pat Metheny;beauty
Beauty is but a flower, which wrinkles will devour.;Thomas Nash;beauty
I live by the philosophy that beauty starts from within, and I make a conscious effort to fill my body with nutrients through the food I eat.;Miranda Kerr;beauty
Everyone has a different beauty and different qualities and I think that women need to learn to love their qualities and be comfortable in the fact that everyone is different.;Miranda Kerr;beauty
The beauty of a face is not a separate quality but a relation or proportion of qualities to each other.;George H. Mead;beauty
Truth isn't always beauty, but the hunger for it is.;Nadine Gordimer;beauty
I don't believe in one ideal beauty.;Zac Posen;beauty
I have a talent for happiness. I look with the eyes of a painter, and I see beauty.;Sylvia Kristel;beauty
I just want to continue to break barriers and to show the industry and the world that beauty is diverse, and you don't have to be a certain stereotype to be beautiful.;Joan Smalls;beauty
I believe that true beauty of chess is more than enough to satisfy all possible demands.;Alexander Alekhine;beauty
Oh! this opponent, this collaborator against your will, whose notion of beauty always differs from yours and whose means are often too limited for active assistance to your intentions!;Alexander Alekhine;beauty
The beauty of it is when you can just show up and hit the notes.;John Lone;beauty
I just try to play music from my heart and bring as much beauty as I can to as many people as I can. Just give them other alternatives, especially people who aren't exposed to creative music.;Charlie Haden;beauty
We're here to bring beauty to the world and make a difference in this planet. That's what art forms are about.;Charlie Haden;beauty
I'd like to make really important movies, like American Beauty. I was really proud to be a part of that movie.;Allison Janney;beauty
Even in decline, a virtuous man increases the beauty of his behavior. A burning stick, though turned to the ground, has its flame drawn upwards.;Saskya Pandita;beauty
Knowing who the actors were as you were designing them helped, with Catherine's beauty and Renee's frailty, they directed me visually just by who they were.;Colleen Atwood;beauty
The arts, quite simply, nourish the soul. They sustain, comfort, inspire. There is nothing like that exquisite moment when you first discover the beauty of connecting with others in celebration of larger ideals and shared wisdom.;Gordon Gee;beauty
I think Islam has been hijacked by the idea that all Muslims are terrorists that Islam is about hate, about war, about jihad - I think that hijacks the spirituality and beauty that exists within Islam. I believe in allowing Islam to be seen in context and in its entirety and being judged on what it really is, not what you think it is.;Aasif Mandvi;beauty
There's one more thing I want to say. It's a touchy subject. Black beauty. Black sensuality. We live in a culture where the beauty of black people isn't always as celebrated as other types. I'd like to help change that if I can!;Jody Watley;beauty
Truth is, I cut my hair for freedom, not for beauty.;Chrisette Michele;beauty
When I was young my Father used to tell me that the two most worthwhile pursuits in life were the pursuit of truth and of beauty and I believe that Alfred Nobel must have felt much the same when he gave these prizes for literature and the sciences.;Frederick Sanger;beauty
Surely these women won't lose any more of their beauty and charm by putting a ballot in a ballot box once a year than they are likely to lose standing in foundries or laundries all year round. There is no harder contest than the contest for bread, let me tell you that.;Rose Schneiderman;beauty
My main aim has always been to do good quality films with roles that have some substance. With Power and Beauty there were loads of things that I liked about the movie, which made me opt for it.;Natasha Henstridge;beauty
Fashion is quite inclusive and good at embracing different things and different forms of beauty. It's a very liberal industry. You can be yourself. Just not overweight.;Andrej Pejic;beauty
My mum is my beauty icon, because she represents what I think beauty is.;Bar Refaeli;beauty
My everyday job is about superficial beauty, but when I'm not working I prefer to work on my inner beauty - I read a lot, I try to learn.;Bar Refaeli;beauty
Beauty, of course, is the most important requirement and the paramount asset of the applicant.;Florenz Ziegfeld;beauty
In all my career, in my ups and downs, I've never had a beauty campaign. This was meaningful that at almost 41 years old, I could be getting my first beauty campaign. It made me feel really great.;Teri Hatcher;beauty
I'm 40 and I just got my first beauty campaign with Clairol Nice and Easy.;Teri Hatcher;beauty
This was meaningful that at almost 41 years old, I could be getting my first beauty campaign.;Teri Hatcher;beauty
Beauty, like truth, is relative to the time when one lives and to the individual who can grasp it. The expression of beauty is in direct ratio to the power of conception the artist has acquired.;Gustave Courbet;beauty
Visual surprise is natural in the Caribbean it comes with the landscape, and faced with its beauty, the sigh of History dissolves.;Derek Walcott;beauty
I know no subject more elevating, more amazing, more ready to the poetical enthusiasm, the philosophical reflection, and the moral sentiment than the works of nature. Where can we meet such variety, such beauty, such magnificence?;James Thomson;beauty
For, when with beauty we can virtue join, We paint the semblance of a form divine.;Matthew Prior;beauty
I've just finished reading a book about the brilliant Margaret Rutherford. She wasn't a beauty, but inside she was absolutely blazing and passionate about her work. She's one of those life-affirming characters.;Sophie Thompson;beauty
My definition of love is being full. Complete. It makes everything lighter. Beauty is something you see. Love is something you feel.;Sharon Tate;beauty
Through my optimism I naturally prefer and capture the beauty in life.;Leni Riefenstahl;beauty
I like to find the beauty in the ugly. When I'm in a thrift store, I gravitate toward pieces I know I'll wear a ton, and insane pieces that I'm sure most people would consider gross. But I find them inspiring. Our van is currently stocked with some of my random findings from this tour. Maybe I'll call my aesthetic 'van fashion.';Victoria Legrand;beauty
Beauty is everything.;Jorja Fox;beauty
Instead, it appears to be a particular mark of beauty that it is considered with tranquil satisfaction that it pleases if we also do not possess it and we are still far removed from demanding to possess it.;Moses Mendelssohn;beauty
I was always anti-marriage. I didn't understand monogamy. I couldn't figure out how that could last. And then I met Bryn and I started to understand the beauty of constancy and history and change and going on the roller coaster with someone - of having a partner in life.;Maria Bello;beauty
Life deprived of beauty is not worthy of being called human.;Luis Barragan;beauty
Rich men's houses are seldom beautiful, rarely comfortable, and never original. It is a constant source of surprise to people of moderate means to observe how little a big fortune contributes to Beauty.;Margot Asquith;beauty
The best beauty advice I ever received is to keep skin hydrated and limit harsh exposure to the sun. If you are set on the tanned look, there are plenty of great creams that will give you a healthy-looking glow.;Erica Durance;beauty
I maintain my inner beauty by trying to lead a balanced life in general. I try to eat healthy foods, but... that doesn't mean I won't treat myself now and then! I work out almost every day, which gives me more energy and helps me feel stronger. I also try to be a genuinely good person to the people around me.;Erica Durance;beauty
Acting is still, of course, what I love to do most. The beauty of it is that by changing characters, it never gets boring.;Christopher Lambert;beauty
I always say beauty is only sin deep.;Hector Hugh Munro;beauty
All I wanted was to connect my moods with those of Paris. Beauty paints and when it painted most, I shot.;Ernst Haas;beauty
Coming in solemn beauty like slow old tunes of Spain.;John Masefield;beauty
Where is there beauty when you see deprivation and starvation?;Rosalind Russell;beauty
Beauty doesn't matter because in the end, we all lose our looks and all we have is our heart.;Ann Curry;beauty
We have to get back to the beauty of just being alive in this present moment.;Mary McDonnell;beauty
In prison, inmates sometimes use Cheetos and grape juice as makeup. I wouldn't use that beauty regimen around Britney Spears - she might lick your face off!;Joel McHale;beauty
I feel fortunate that I'm not a beauty. I'm not a classic beauty. I feel it is harder for girls who are like that. There are fewer parts.;Olivia Colman;beauty
But my most favourite pursuit, after my daily exertions at the Foundry, was Astronomy. There were frequently clear nights when the glorious objects in the Heavens were seen in most attractive beauty and brilliancy.;James Nasmyth;beauty
To copy beauty forfeits all pretense to fame to copy faults is want of sense.;Charles Churchill;beauty
Beauty, sweet love, is like the morning dew, Whose short refresh upon tender green, Cheers for a time, but till the sun doth show And straight is gone, as it had never been.;Samuel Daniel;beauty
What I loved about 'Summer' was that they were these four bright kids with a wonderful future. In a way, she was the one with the brains, and then you have the beauty queen and the jock and the introvert.;Kevin Williamson;beauty
Stories aren't the beauty of what did happen. They're the beauty of what could happen.;Brad Meltzer;beauty
I will admit to hoarding beauty products. I'm a beauty lady.;Naya Rivera;beauty
Beauty, unlike the rest of the gifts handed out at birth, does not require dedication, patience and hard work to pay off. But it's also the only gift that does not keep on giving.;Paulina Porizkova;beauty
Beauty magazines make my girlfriend feel ugly.;James De La Vega;beauty
Coercion may prevent many transgressions but it robs even actions which are legal of a part of their beauty. Freedom may lead to many transgressions, but it lends even to vices a less ignoble form.;Wilhelm von Humboldt;beauty
People come to see beauty, and I dance to give it to them.;Judith Jamison;beauty
And beauty immortal awakes from the tomb.;James Beattie;beauty
I do believe very much in the idea of unexpected or 'convulsive' beauty - beauty in the service of liberty.;Jeff Vandermeer;beauty
