Idleness does drive me crazy, but I'd rather read or write than do anything just to work. A kind of respect has been instilled in me for acting: I love it too much to ever have a bad relationship with it.;Karen Allen;respect
I've discovered that I've never had much respect for money, and that has meant that money has ended up ruling me a little bit more than it should have. So I'm trying to learn - at this late stage in life! - to actually control that.;Rufus Sewell;respect
You cannot trust 25 guys in a locker room to have the same respect and training as I do with a weapon. That I do understand. I've carried a gun for 10 years. I've carried them in the locker room, and nobody really knows about it. I know how to handle myself.;Luke Scott;respect
I've always had a great respect for the picture business. It's been good to me.;Alan Ladd;respect
Walt had a marvelous intuition. And because he understood people very well, liked them and had great respect for people, there was nothing cynical about Walt.;John Hench;respect
For about ten years now, the struggle for democracy and the respect of human rights has been in the focus point - if not a commodity - of political groups aiming to rise to power.;Omar Bongo;respect
But the Western countries that link their partnership with the poorest countries with respect for democracy also have to consider that they have obligations towards these countries.;Omar Bongo;respect
Writing can sometimes be exploitative. I like to take a few steps of remove in order to respect the privacy of the subject. If readers make the link, they have engaged with the poem.;John Barton;respect
The Arab-Israeli conflict is also in many ways a conflict about status: it's a war between two peoples who feel deeply humiliated by the other, who want the other to respect them. Battles over status can be even more intractable than those over land or water or oil.;Alain de Botton;respect
Your private life is your private life and you keep it to yourself. You get more respect that way.;Jay Kay;respect
In this respect I suppose I'm the total opposite of Garry. With his very emotive body language at the board he shows and displays all his emotions. I don't.;Vladimir Kramnik;respect
I respect the Hall of Fame, and if they think that I'm worthy enough, I would be very honored. And if they don't, I gave it all that I had to this game.;Rafael Palmeiro;respect
Freedom goes hand-in-hand with mutual respect.;Kay Rala Xanana Gusmao;respect
'Metals' has partly been about me regaining my self respect and I feel like I'm growing the muscles I want to grow again.;Feist;respect
A man's respect for law and order exists in precise relationship to the size of his paycheck.;Adam Clayton;respect
The mandate you go with is intimidating and also is a source of respect that you gain, because you have come with this mandate from the United Nations.;Lakhdar Brahimi;respect
The sum of the whole is plainly this: The nature of man considered in his single capacity, and with respect only to the present world, is adapted and leads him to attain the greatest happiness he can for himself in the present world.;Joseph Butler;respect
The government would be able to go to court with respect to newspaper articles, broadcast pieces and the like that they thought were bad or harmful or even against the government and try to block them.;Floyd Abrams;respect
I actually don't know anyone who wants to be famous for fame's sake, at least not anyone I respect. But you need to have a certain amount of power in order to be able to do what you want.;Michael Ian Black;respect
I could speak Spanish fluently growing up, but I'm so out of practice, and I have such a tremendous respect for songwriting in the Spanish language.;Miguel Jontel Pimentel;respect
I work on words quite separately to music. They're both ongoing, and I don't ever feel like I'm working in a cycle in that respect, because it's every day anyway, no matter what I'm doing. Then I get to a point when I've collected together enough words that seem like they want to be songs rather than poems, or sometimes not.;P. J. Harvey;respect
Anybody who asks for democracy to be introduced should respect the results of democracy.;Ismail Haniyeh;respect
The only ground on which a neutral State can claim respect at the hands of belligerents is, that, so far as she is concerned, their rights are protected.;Gerrit Smith;respect
The Southern slave would obey God in respect to marriage, and also to the reading and studying of His word. But this, as we have seen, is forbidden him.;Gerrit Smith;respect
This is my job and I respect it enough to concentrate on it.;Andrew Bogut;respect
I will continue my activities related to education in one way or another. I certainly would have at the top my agenda, with respect to education, the need to do much better with modern educational technology.;Major Owens;respect
I just play the music that I love with musicians that I respect, and fortunately, I'm in a position where people are willing to play with me, and perhaps I can do something to help them.;Bonnie Raitt;respect
It is still a surprise when people tell me that I've had an influence on them, particularly when it's someone I really respect.;Bonnie Raitt;respect
Liability does apply with respect to the amount of the oil spill.;Ken Salazar;respect
I don't think anyone can speculate what will happen with respect to oil prices and gas prices because they are set on the global economy.;Ken Salazar;respect
It's not easy to retire at 31. In one respect I was glad I was done. But after a few years of having fun, I got a little restless. When you're 33, 34, and you don't have a focus, you can get kind of lost. As a man, you feel a little bit unfulfilled.;Pete Sampras;respect
South Carolinians are strong, independently-minded people. At the end of the day, they make their own decisions. And I respect them for that. And I welcome that. And I told him that from the very beginning.;Nikki Haley;respect
My parents started a business out of the living room of our home and, 30-plus years later, it was a multimillion dollar company. So, President Obama, with all due respect, don't tell me that my parents didn't build their business.;Nikki Haley;respect
When you get close to the raw materials and taste them at the moment they let go of the soil, you learn to respect them.;Rene Redzepi;respect
If you have to fight a crowd of boys, it's best to go for the biggest one. That way you won't have to fight them all. The others will see that you mean business and you will win their respect.;Suzanne Vega;respect
What's natural and right is to go with the energy of how it all has to work together. What's natural and right is interconnectedness, not individualism. What is natural and right is respect for the system, not killing the system. What's natural and right is love.;Susan Powter;respect
Ninety-nine percent of people now call me The Hoff - and it's out of respect.;David Hasselhoff;respect
American officials have bent over backwards to show how sensitive they are to Muslim culture. It didn't seem very effective. They seem to be worried about winning the respect of other people.;Tucker Carlson;respect
I think in New York we had respect and we would pretty much fill up the places where we went, but I never got the sense that we really were Number 1 here in New York among the Latin crowds.;Ruben Blades;respect
I have a great respect for the academics who are working with the source material. My hat's off to them.;Terri Windling;respect
I have a wonderful respect for old people.;Craig Kilborn;respect
I'm just one woman away, my mother, from being the same as Mike Tyson. I would've ended up like him if my mama had not been so tough and strong. A lot of people, including Mike, don't know I came from the ghetto. They think I'm too nice and proper. But that's the way my mama raised me - to look people in the eye and respect them.;Evander Holyfield;respect
I have enormous respect for Steve Johnson, and as I've told him, Feed was one of the inspirations for Salon. They were up there before we were. And also for Joey and the Suck people.;David Talbot;respect
If any movie people are watching this show, please, for me, have some respect. You wanna sell some tickets, act like you know what you're talking about.;Jeff Goldblum;respect
If you respect the audience enough, they can take onboard many things.;Nick Park;respect
I'm very conscious that I want the dance audience to respond and respect what I'm doing, so I'm always very true to the music and I honour the music in the way I see it - I don't mess around with the music.;Matthew Bourne;respect
I try to be the best husband I can be, and if people respect that, that's cool. But there's no 'perfect husband.' We just all try to do the best we can, you know what I mean?;Nick Lachey;respect
What helped me was I had people around me to remind me to help my country even when it did me wrong, have respect for my people, my family, my nation and mankind.;Alexis Arguello;respect
See, I respect boxing because it has given me so much and that's why I will never allow anyone to mistreat the sport of boxing if I can help it.;Alexis Arguello;respect
I have many valentines. My mom and my sister and my directors. I got calls from all of them. And my friends. I respect what Valentine's Day stands for because it is about love.;Michelle Trachtenberg;respect
It's taken folk a while to come around, hasn't it? Even the boys in the band weren't too sure about the whole art thing. They just wanted me to concentrate on the music. But they respect it now.;Ron Wood;respect
Hopefully, imparting what's important to me, respect for the food and that information about the purveyors, people will realize that for a restaurant to be good, so many pieces have to come together.;Thomas Keller;respect
To be frank, I suspect that today there is little respect for Christianity as source of moral teaching about goodness.;Timothy Radcliffe;respect
I saw and I met a lot of people who were in the field. It also provided a context in which I came to respect what the actor did, because I saw how difficult it actually was to do.;Ron Silver;respect
My father told me to dress to reflect the respect you have for the people around you. I've never forgotten that.;Sam Raimi;respect
It's really hard for actors to cross over and get any respect as a singer, and if I could just keep it separate and not use my music in movies, it's cool.;Taryn Manning;respect
I've always wanted to work with Blair, and finally the timing was right. I have a tremendous amount of respect for him. I think he's a hugely underrated actor in Hollywood.;Tyler Perry;respect
One of the people that I respect the most now, a person I think has done a heck of a lot for this world as a leader, is Margaret Thatcher. She helped create a world that offers us a lot of excitement as we look to the next century.;Sanford I. Weill;respect
I had found English audiences highly satisfactory. They are the best listeners in the world. Perhaps the music-lovers of some of our larger cities equal the English, but I do not believe they can be surpassed in that respect.;John Philip Sousa;respect
I genuinely liked all of the cast members very much. Steve had a wicked sense of humor. I remember Russell coming to my rescue, once. I watched Eric evolve before everyone's eyes. Maurice loved what he did, so. He treated his character with respect, down to the costuming.;Madeleine Stowe;respect
Sometimes you have to take a break from being a crazy kid. You can't be doing that all the time. Sometimes you just have to pay respect to your own simple-ness.;Sean Paul;respect
I would like to work with anyone in the business who wants to give respect back to the Jamaican vibe.;Sean Paul;respect
The more you make fun of yourself and don't try to go for any kind of respect, the more people seem to respect you.;James Van Der Beek;respect
How have relations with Iran and Belarus benefited Venezuela? We are interested in countries that have democracies, that respect human rights, that we have an affinity with. What affinity do we have with Iran?;Henrique Capriles Radonski;respect
Besides the healthcare bill being unconstitutional and a great expansion of federal government, I think if it does not respect people's individual religious views and makes groups or individuals do things that are contrary to their deeply held beliefs, there is going to be a visceral negative reaction.;Bob McDonnell;respect
I think the more we embrace the culture of life and respect life, the better that we do.;Bob McDonnell;respect
In my school, people liked the gym teachers because they were the football or soccer coaches. But look, if they're cool, they get respect.;Danny McBride;respect
When I'm shooting a movie, I'm always in an invisible theater seat. I respect the fact that people have worked hard all week and want to go to the movies on the weekend and be entertained.;Michael Moore;respect
General Musharraf needs my participation to give credibility to the electoral process, as well as to respect the fundamental right of all those who wish to vote for me.;Benazir Bhutto;respect
It's just such a pleasure to bring a talent you respect to the world.;Tina Weymouth;respect
I have respect for those who make money at art and do it well and smartly, because that commercial aspect keeps the world going and running, in a sense.;Tina Weymouth;respect
If the world were a bar, America would currently be the angry drunk waving around a loaded gun. Yeah, the other people in the bar may be afraid of him, but they sure as hell don't respect him.;Wil Wheaton;respect
I got a nomination for director, which means the world to me it's just the most exciting thing for me and my family. You do the good hard work, and the rest of it is something you shouldn't get too caught up in, but when it happens - boy! I respect it.;David O. Russell;respect
You get respect when you give respect. That's how you get respect.;Michael Nutter;respect
I would love to have dinner with Jay-Z and Beyonce. I think we would have a lot to chat about. I like them both so much, and I love them as a couple. I like that they are both at the top of their game - and that they have a mutual respect and admiration for each other.;Gayle King;respect
I know what the attitudes of the readers are: These are guys who love women and respect women.;Christie Hefner;respect
I carried through well with my tennis. I got the respect by usage of the tennis racket.;Gabriela Sabatini;respect
The only thing I believe is this: A player does not have to like a manager and he does not have to respect a manager. All he has to do is obey the rules.;Sparky Anderson;respect
If they respect the craft and what we're doing and they bring something to the table and they work hard, I don't care what you do as your side job or as your day job.;Anthony Anderson;respect
If you respect the art and you have some talent about you, I'm on your team.;Anthony Anderson;respect
The cross is the centre of all this in every respect.;John Nelson Darby;respect
The Epistle is a correction of profession without life, and most valuable in this respect.;John Nelson Darby;respect
I did private study for about a month, five days a week, six hours a day. I came to understand the character in ways that I never would've previous to that. I was so innocent in respect to ways of creating characters.;Corin Nemec;respect
This acting's serious! And I really respect those actors. It's a tough business to be able to be something you're not and be natural and convince people on camera.;Michael Strahan;respect
And they like being able to turn on the television day in and day out to see someone that they know and they feel comfortable with and trust hopefully and respect even.;Katie Couric;respect
I used to get nervous, you know if my parents would come watch. And then I would get nervous if my friends came and watched. Today it's not a problem anymore actually, because now I enjoy it. I see that they, you know, respect me immensely, and I try to put on a good show and show that I can still play very good tennis.;Roger Federer;respect
Global markets must be balanced by global values such as respect for human rights and international law, democracy, security and sustainable economic and environmental development.;Anna Lindh;respect
Terrorism can never be accepted. We must fight it together, with methods that do not compromise our respect for the rule of law and human rights, or are used as an excuse for others to do so.;Anna Lindh;respect
As we continue to fight the War on Terror, it is imperative that we protect America's fallen heroes by ensuring that they are treated with respect, while being laid to rest.;Jon Porter;respect
A lot of the time, the way it's portrayed is that I only see women in a sexual way. But I grew up with just my mum and sister, so I respect women a lot.;Harry Styles;respect
If you are killed because you are a writer, that's the maximum expression of respect, you know.;Mario Vargas Llosa;respect
A lot of my friends are gangsters. Not like gangsters - well, yeah, all sorts of levels of criminality - but not the types that are preying on innocent people. I have no interest in the type of criminality that has no respect for collateral damage.;Charlie Hunnam;respect
I have great respect and understanding for military commitment due to my own family's involvement with the armed forces.;Carolyn Murphy;respect
We tried to approach this as though there's never been a Superman movie before, but at the same time respecting the canon and mythology. There are the pillars that you have to respect, and I'm not about to break them. But it is fun for me to bend them and mess with them.;Zack Snyder;respect
I have two sisters and a mother, obviously, so I grew up with a household of girls. Maybe I have a greater respect for women because of it.;Hayden Christensen;respect
For, behind the scenes, halfway around the world in Mexico, were two decades of aggressive research on wheat that not only enabled Mexico to become self-sufficient with respect to wheat production but also paved the way to rapid increase in its production in other countries.;Norman Borlaug;respect
I always used to say to my wife, the thing that I loved most about us is that we are a team, we are impenetrable in that respect.;Seal;respect
The whites come to applaud a Negro performer just like the colored do. When you've got the respect of white and colored, you can ease a lot of things.;Nat King Cole;respect
We cannot sacrifice innocent human life now for vague and exaggerated promises of medical treatments thirty of forty years from now. There are ways to pursue this technology and respect life at the same time.;Ernest Istook;respect
