As for courage and will - we cannot measure how much of each lies within us, we can only trust there will be sufficient to carry through trials which may lie ahead.;Andre Norton;trust
When trust improves, the mood improves.;Fernando Flores;trust
Every time I make American film I just trust American directors and American writers.;Jackie Chan;trust
Republicans would have preferred the court overturn the health care bill, an act that would have underscored Obama's biggest liability - the perception among voters, including those who like and trust him, that he has been ineffective.;Ron Fournier;trust
In many ways, it was much, much harder to get the first book contract. The hardest thing probably overall has been learning not to trust people, publicists and so forth, implicitly.;Neil Gaiman;trust
Being on your own would be sad, sick and weird. I don't trust myself. I need that balance.;Daniel Craig;trust
Newspapers with declining circulations can complain all they want about their readers and even say they have no taste. But you will still go out of business over time. A newspaper is not a public trust - it has a business model that either works or it doesn't.;Marc Andreessen;trust
In finding love, I think it's important to be patient. In being in a relationship, I think it's important to be honest, to communicate, to respect and trust, and to strive to give more than you take.;Kina Grannis;trust
Every two years the American politics industry fills the airwaves with the most virulent, scurrilous, wall-to-wall character assassination of nearly every political practitioner in the country - and then declares itself puzzled that America has lost trust in its politicians.;Charles Krauthammer;trust
While eschewing emotion - and its companion, vulnerability - Obama should be careful not to sacrifice empathy, the 'I feel your pain' connection that sustained Clinton. This connection is the shorthand people use to measure their leaders' intentions. If people believe you're on their side, they will trust your decisions.;Dee Dee Myers;trust
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.;Rita Mae Brown;trust
I trust the people.;William Hague;trust
When the Lord Chancellor violates the trust of his great office of state to solicit party donations from people whose careers he can control, and then says I'm not sorry, and I'd do it again no wonder the public think that power has gone to their heads.;William Hague;trust
I don't like Bush. I don't trust him. I don't like his record. He's stupid. He's lazy.;Cher;trust
I'm very wary of trust, you see.;Kristin Scott Thomas;trust
I've considered having my nose fixed. But I didn't trust anyone enough. If I could do it myself with a mirror.;Barbra Streisand;trust
I force people to have coffee with me, just because I don't trust that a friendship can be maintained without any other senses besides a computer or cellphone screen.;John Cusack;trust
Sometimes a psychic tells you something and it feels wrong and others may be right on the money. It's your choice about whom to trust, and giving that trust is something we do ourselves.;Martha Beck;trust
Denial exists because human infants, though equipped with trust-o-meters, are built to trust, blindly and absolutely, any older person who wanders past.;Martha Beck;trust
Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work.;Warren G. Bennis;trust
I'm a comedian, for God's sake. Viewers shouldn't trust me. And you know what? They're hip enough to know they shouldn't trust me. I'm just doing stand-up comedy.;Dennis Miller;trust
Not everyone can be trusted. I think we all have to be very selective about the people we trust.;Shelley Long;trust
The trust of the people in the leaders reflects the confidence of the leaders in the people.;Paulo Freire;trust
Be willing to trust your instincts, especially if you cannot find answers elsewhere.;Brian Koslow;trust
I'm a scientist, not a theologian. I don't know if there is a God or not. Religion requires certainty. Revere and respect Gaia. Have trust in Gaia. But not faith.;James Lovelock;trust
It is important not to trust people too much.;V. S. Naipaul;trust
I trust in nature for the stable laws of beauty and utility. Spring shall plant and autumn garner to the end of time.;Robert Browning;trust
Never trust any complicated cocktail that remainds perfectly clear until the last ingredient goes in, and then immediately clouds.;Terry Prachett;trust
To seek understanding before taking action, yet to trust my instincts when action is called for. Never to avoid danger from fear, never to seek out danger for its own sake. Never to conform to fashion from fear of eccentricity, never to be eccentric from fear of conformity.;Steven Brust;trust
For me, I'm not a jealous person. That's just not my thing. You have to have trust in your relationship.;Fergie;trust
O my brethren, my heart is enlarge towards you. I trust I feel something of that hidden, but powerful presence of Christ, whilst I am preaching to you.;George Whitefield;trust
I have in sincerity pledged myself to your service, as so many of you are pledged to mine. Throughout all my life and with all my heart I shall strive to be worthy of your trust.;Queen Elizabeth II;trust
From those to whom much is given, much is expected. I have been given much - the love of my family, the faith and trust of the people of New York, and the chance to lead this state. I am deeply sorry that I did not live up to what was expected of me.;Eliot Spitzer;trust
I have often said one of the reasons more blacks don't support Republicans is because they don't trust the GOP establishment.;J. C. Watts;trust
Frankly, I don't trust any diet that doesn't allow sugar.;Bethenny Frankel;trust
When a man has no reason to trust himself, he trusts in luck.;E. W. Howe;trust
I trust myself. You need that to survive.;Yoko Ono;trust
I buy about $1,500 worth of papers every month. Not that I trust them. I'm looking for the crack in the fabric.;Dick Gregory;trust
Is there any wonder why we are in such big trouble? Any question why the people don't trust their government anymore, and demand a change?;Chris Christie;trust
I think women have an innate ability to be intuitive with people that they truly love, but they have to trust that inner voice, and I think it is there. I think we are more intuitive than men.;Andie MacDowell;trust
In your hands or that of any other person, so much power would, no doubt, be dangerous. I am the only man in the world whom it would be safe to trust with it. Remember, I am a prophet!;Joseph Smith, Jr.;trust
In America few people will trust you unless you are irreverent.;Norman Mailer;trust
In an ecology of love, people can relate in trust and face the future without fear. They do not need to play it safe. They can take uncertainty in their stride.;Jonathan Sacks;trust
We believe that what we possess we don't ultimately own. God is merely entrusting it to us. And one of the conditions of that trust is that we share what we have with those who have less. So, if you don't give to people in need, you can hardly call yourself a Jew. Even the most unbelieving Jew knows that.;Jonathan Sacks;trust
I think a good friend, to me, is all about trust and loyalty. You don't ever want to second-guess whether you can tell your friend something.;Lauren Conrad;trust
I'm glad about what's happening to the music business. This last crop of people we had in the 90s, who are going away now, they didn't like music. They didn't trust musicians. They wanted something else from it.;James Taylor;trust
A lot of film directors are quite scared of actors. They are a bit of a nightmare sometimes, but I like them. It looks like cunning, but you try to get extra things from them all the time, by stealth, by making them feel confident, so they trust you and you can push a bit.;Danny Boyle;trust
The cyberspace earnings I get from Linux come in the format of having a Network of people that know me and trust me, and that I can depend on in return.;Linus Torvalds;trust
I have three goddaughters - I'm not sure why they trust me, because I have no experience with children - but I try.;Diane Kruger;trust
Young people these days don't trust anything at all. They want to be free.;Haruki Murakami;trust
Never comment on a woman's rear end. Never use the words 'large' or 'size' with 'rear end.' Never. Avoid the area altogether. Trust me.;Tim Allen;trust
I think there is a break down of trust generally, between people and politicians. I think that's come about for a whole variety of reasons.;Theresa May;trust
I don't always trust my own instincts. It would be nice if someone else would tell me what I should do with my life!;Liz Phair;trust
Ninety percent of the students take the 'preferred lender.' Why? Because that's the nature of the relationship. You trust the school. The school is in a position of authority.;Andrew Cuomo;trust
I think a film set is a quite controlled environment and you feel like you can trust them and it is going to be a safe place to work, but I really don't think about it.;Orlando Bloom;trust
I'm a dirt person. I trust the dirt. I don't trust diamonds and gold.;Eartha Kitt;trust
When you're CEO, you have to have two conditions: first, shareholders need to trust you and want you to head your company. The second is that you need to feel the motivation to do the job. So, as long as both are reunited, you continue to do the job.;Carlos Ghosn;trust
When you're C.E.O., you have to have two conditions: first, shareholders need to trust you and want you to head your company. The second is that you need to feel the motivation to do the job. So, as long as both are reunited, you continue to do the job. And today, they are reunited.;Carlos Ghosn;trust
I never told a victim story about my imprisonment. Instead, I told a transformation story - about how prison changed my outlook, about how I saw that communication, truth, and trust are at the heart of power.;Fernando Flores;trust
You have to trust your kids. They have to experience life, and you just hope you've provided them a foundation for what's right and what isn't.;Jack Nicklaus;trust
I don't listen to people's opinions. I have people around me who I can trust, but most of all I listen to myself.;Mary J. Blige;trust
The maid that loves goes out to sea upon a shattered plank, and puts her trust in miracles for safety.;Edward Young;trust
Now, I learned soon enough, that among the three, two don't trust the third one - the third one is the government. Both industry and unions feel the government is a talking organization and a spending organization.;Shimon Peres;trust
I could I trust starve like a gentleman. It's listed as part of the poetic training, you know.;Ezra Pound;trust
If you have three people in your life that you can trust, you can consider yourself the luckiest person in the whole world.;Selena Gomez;trust
You cannot do everything at once, so find people you trust to help you. And don't be afraid to say no.;Jane Seymour;trust
We need, in effect, to make the phantom 'lock-boxes' around the trust fund real.;Alan Greenspan;trust
Well, you can't trust most people in this game, period it can be a very shady business.;Marvin Hagler;trust
If you don't trust someone to look after your investments, then they shouldn't be doing the job for you.;Murray Walker;trust
France, after the month of May, will share trust with the current leadership of the United States which, on many subjects, has tended to take useful positions in our view.;Francois Hollande;trust
I just can't say enough about the actors having faith and trust in the writers and the writers having faith and trust in the actors.;Kyle Chandler;trust
Trust your gut.;Sara Blakely;trust
My wife and I have built trust with our children and have always had open communication.;Rick Springfield;trust
There are only two sorts of people in life you can trust - good Christians and good Communists.;Joe Slovo;trust
In a multi-racial society, trust, understanding and tolerance are the cornerstones of peace and order.;Kamisese Mara;trust
You may be right that people say: 'You know what, we had Obama. He was inexperienced. The guy had great rhetoric, sounded good, looked good, but has turned out to be an utter disaster. I want someone where I have confidence and credibility that they're up to the job and that I can trust what they tell me.';Karl Rove;trust
Part of filmmaking is always a guessing game, and part of it is always a game of trust.;Greg Kinnear;trust
When you lie down with a short prayer, commit yourself into the hands of your Creator and when you have done so, trust Him with yourself, as you must do when you are dying.;Jeremy Taylor;trust
The Teenage Cancer Trust does incredible work supporting and caring for teenagers and young adults with cancer, and it's a cause that is really close to me and my family.;Florence Welch;trust
In properly organized groups no faith is required what is required is simply a little trust and even that only for a little while, for the sooner a man begins to verify all he hears the better it is for him.;G. I. Gurdjieff;trust
Something goes wrong, I yell at them -'Fix it'- whether it's their fault or not. You can only really yell at the players you trust.;Bill Parcells;trust
So if the players trust the coach, it's not a problem. If the players don't trust the coach, it is a problem, and vice versa.;Bill Parcells;trust
I trust every single person around me, and if I feel even a whiff of uncertainty I won't have that person around me.;Leona Lewis;trust
People shouldn't trust artists and they shouldn't trust art. Part of the fun of art is that it invites you to interpret it.;Tony Kushner;trust
House and Senate Republicans are now united in adopting earmark bans. We hope President Obama will follow through on his support for an earmark ban by pressing Democratic leaders to join House and Senate Republicans in taking this critical step to restore public trust.;John Boehner;trust
Today we often think that before we start living a religious life we have first to accept the creedal doctrines and that before one can have any comprehension of the loyalty and trust of faith, one must first force one's mind to accept a host of incomprehensible doctrines. But this is to put the cart before the horse.;Karen Armstrong;trust
I wouldn't trust any man as far as you can throw a piano.;Ethel Merman;trust
I don't trust or love anyone. Because people are so creepy. Creepy creepy creeps. Creeping around. Creeping here and creeping there. Creeping everywhere.;Vincent Gallo;trust
I've learned to trust myself, to listen to truth, to not be afraid of it and to not try and hide it.;Sarah McLachlan;trust
You're younger, you might want to go to clubs and kick it, but as you get older, you start seeing that life has more meaning to it. The people that you love are the people you want to start trusting and start wanting them to trust you and start respecting them.;R. Kelly;trust
My book 'Trust Your Heart', which is the story of my life, will be followed by 'Singing Lessons', a memoir of love, loss, hope, and healing, which talks about the death of my son and the hope that has been the aftermath of the healing from that tragedy.;Judy Collins;trust
Trust in yourself.;Claudia Black;trust
Trust me, sunscreen is so, so, so important and so I always wear sunscreen, but I still get really tan.;Lea Michele;trust
I said tonight I wanted to talk to you about love. Look into your hearts. This is our country. This is our future. These are our children and grandchildren. You can trust Mitt.;Ann Romney;trust
Trust me that as I ignore all law to help the slave, so will I ignore it all to protect an enslaved woman.;Susan B. Anthony;trust
What has any poet to trust more than the feel of the thing? Theory concerns him only until he picks up his pen, and it begins to concern him again as soon as he lays it down.;John Ciardi;trust
You can't trust actors.;Emma Roberts;trust
I never ask boys' opinions on clothes, ever. I really think, unless you think the guy has style, don't ask. So I only ask my girl friends. I don't trust guys' opinions on style!;Emma Roberts;trust
Trust me, I have never written a speech in my life, and if I have my way, I never will.;Curt Schilling;trust
