I'm not much of a family man. I'm just not that into it. I love kids, I adore them, but I don't want to live my life for them.;Sting;family
My family is more important than my party.;Zell Miller;family
I am the family face flesh perishes, I live on.;Thomas Hardy;family
I stay in tune with my family and God.;Regina King;family
When I'm ready, I plan to adopt. I still believe in family.;LaToya Jackson;family
I would rather start a family than finish one.;Don Marquis;family
You have to defend your honor. And your family.;Suzanne Vega;family
Happy is said to be the family which can eat onions together. They are, for the time being, separate, from the world, and have a harmony of aspiration.;Charles Dudley Warner;family
I have a family to support. And I'm not always going to be doing exactly what I want to do.;Patrick Warburton;family
Parents need all the help they can get. The strongest as well as the most fragile family requires a vital network of social supports.;Bernice Weissbourd;family
When you start about family, about lineage and ancestry, you are talking about every person on earth.;Alex Haley;family
I would love a family. I'm at the age where the wish for a child gets stronger. But who knows.;Cameron Diaz;family
I have a lot of very close girlfriends and sisters - I'm from an all female family. My father often quips that even the cat was neutered!;Shirley Manson;family
At a certain point I'm going to want to have a family.;Gwen Stefani;family
I love my family.;Manute Bol;family
For all of those willing to help me start a family, I am flattered. I will let you know when I need your help.;Paula Abdul;family
I realized my family was funny, because nobody ever wanted to leave our house.;Anthony Anderson;family
The one thing that kept our family together was the music. The only thing that our family would share emotionally was to have our dad cry over something the kids did with music.;Dennis Wilson;family
My family was my guide to my reality.;Haywood Nelson;family
We'll sort of get over the marriage first and then maybe look at the kids. But obviously we want a family so we'll have to start thinking about that.;Prince William;family
I love children and I get along with them great. It's just that I believe if you're going to be a parent, there has to be something inside you that says, 'I want a family.' I don't feel that sense of urgency.;George Clooney;family
I love cooking for myself and cooking for my family.;Al Roker;family
Also, my mom and family are very important to me and I know that this is not expected.;Christina Milian;family
I live quietly at home among my family and friends.;Antonio Tabucchi;family
I don't know if I believe in marriage. I believe in family, love and children.;Penelope Cruz;family
Make a Goal Box, a chart of positive daily contact with a family when you are working with them.;Richard G. Scott;family
The most difficult is the first family, to bring someone out of the world.;Richard G. Scott;family
When I remember my family, I always remember their backs. They were always indignantly leaving places.;John Cheever;family
If I had no family, my wife and I would lead a much more romantic and nomadic existence.;David McCallum;family
Family, nature and health all go together.;Olivia Newton-John;family
There are things that you cannot talk to your mother and father about, there are things that you cannot talk to your children about.;Shirley Knight;family
Once I got married and had kids, I moved away from romantic roles, because it seemed wrong to have my 3-year-old wondering why Daddy was kissing someone else.;Chevy Chase;family
I grew up in a very religious family. I could read the Qu'ran easily at the age of five.;Akhmad Kadyrov;family
The foundation of family - that's where it all begins for me.;Faith Hill;family
I grew up in a family in which political issues were often discussed, and debated intensely.;Joseph Stiglitz;family
I have these visions of myself being thirty, thirty-five, forty having a family.;Nastassja Kinski;family
My family background was deeply Christian.;Abbe Pierre;family
Like all my family and class, I considered it a sign of weakness to show affection to have been caught kissing my mother would have been a disgrace, and to have shown affection for my father would have been a disaster.;Agnes Smedley;family
The joke in our family is that we can cry reading the phone book.;Ron Reagan;family
We went to church every Sunday. When I was a kid, the only time I sang was around my family.;Darius Rucker;family
Our family life was certainly not intellectual.;Douglass North;family
We love to be with our family and friends and I can tell you that lots of eating will be involved.;Julia Barr;family
My whole damn family was nice. I don't think I've imagined it. It's true. Maybe it has to do with being brought up as Christian Scientists. Half of my relatives were Readers or Practitioners in the church.;Henry Fonda;family
God did not intend the human family to be wafted to heaven on flowery beds of ease.;Frank Knox;family
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him.;Buddha;family
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it.;Buddy Hackett;family
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored.;Earl Nightingale;family
In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.;Lao Tzu;family
The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life.;Richard Bach;family
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.;George Burns;family
It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family.;Philip Green;family
Every child should have a caring adult in their lives. And that's not always a biological parent or family member. It may be a friend or neighbor. Often times it is a teacher.;Joe Manchin;family
As the family goes, so goes the nation and so goes the whole world in which we live.;Pope John Paul II;family
Feelings of worth can flourish only in an atmosphere where individual differences are appreciated, mistakes are tolerated, communication is open, and rules are flexible - the kind of atmosphere that is found in a nurturing family.;Virginia Satir;family
My family, frankly, they weren't folks who went to church every week. My mother was one of the most spiritual people I knew but she didn't raise me in the church, so I came to my Christian faith later in life and it was because the precepts of Jesus Christ spoke to me in terms of the kind of life that I would want to lead.;Barack Obama;family
It was the labor movement that helped secure so much of what we take for granted today. The 40-hour work week, the minimum wage, family leave, health insurance, Social Security, Medicare, retirement plans. The cornerstones of the middle-class security all bear the union label.;Barack Obama;family
The great danger for family life, in the midst of any society whose idols are pleasure, comfort and independence, lies in the fact that people close their hearts and become selfish.;Pope John Paul II;family
Fathers should be neither seen nor heard. That is the only proper basis for family life.;Oscar Wilde;family
Actors are one family over the entire world.;Eleanor Roosevelt;family
He that raises a large family does, indeed, while he lives to observe them, stand a broader mark for sorrow but then he stands a broader mark for pleasure too.;Benjamin Franklin;family
Any problem, big or small, within a family, always seems to start with bad communication. Someone isn't listening.;Emma Thompson;family
When his life was ruined, his family killed, his farm destroyed, Job knelt down on the ground and yelled up to the heavens, 'Why god? Why me?' and the thundering voice of God answered, 'There's just something about you that pisses me off.';Stephen King;family
Never lose sight of the fact that the most important yardstick of your success will be how you treat other people - your family, friends, and coworkers, and even strangers you meet along the way.;Barbara Bush;family
The other night I ate at a real nice family restaurant. Every table had an argument going.;George Carlin;family
I can make a firm pledge, under my plan, no family making less than $250,000 a year will see any form of tax increase. Not your income tax, not your payroll tax, not your capital gains taxes, not any of your taxes.;Barack Obama;family
All men are children, and of one family. The same tale sends them all to bed, and wakes them in the morning.;Henry David Thoreau;family
No matter what you've done for yourself or for humanity, if you can't look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished?;Lee Iacocca;family
It's true, Christmas can feel like a lot of work, particularly for mothers. But when you look back on all the Christmases in your life, you'll find you've created family traditions and lasting memories. Those memories, good and bad, are really what help to keep a family together over the long haul.;Caroline Kennedy;family
Once you agree upon the price you and your family must pay for success, it enables you to ignore the minor hurts, the opponent's pressure, and the temporary failures.;Vince Lombardi;family
The details surrounding both my marriage and subsequent filing for divorce are private, and I had hoped to keep them that way for the sake of my family.;Eminem;family
So much of what is best in us is bound up in our love of family, that it remains the measure of our stability because it measures our sense of loyalty. All other pacts of love or fear derive from it and are modeled upon it.;Haniel Long;family
I would like to be remembered as a man who had a wonderful time living life, a man who had good friends, fine family - and I don't think I could ask for anything more than that, actually.;Frank Sinatra;family
Positive feelings come from being honest about yourself and accepting your personality, and physical characteristics, warts and all and, from belonging to a family that accepts you without question.;Willard Scott;family
To maintain a joyful family requires much from both the parents and the children. Each member of the family has to become, in a special way, the servant of the others.;Pope John Paul II;family
Perhaps the greatest social service that can be rendered by anybody to the country and to mankind is to bring up a family.;George Bernard Shaw;family
My friends and family are my support system. They tell me what I need to hear, not what I want to hear and they are there for me in the good and bad times. Without them I have no idea where I would be and I know that their love for me is what's keeping my head above the water.;Kelly Clarkson;family
The first-born in every family is always dreaming for an imaginary older brother or sister who will look out for them.;Bill Cosby;family
All the laws and legislation in the world will never heal this world like the loving hearts and arms of mothers and fathers. If every child could drift to sleep feeling wrapped in the love of their family - and God's love - this world would be a far more gentle and better place.;Mitt Romney;family
But let me perfectly clear, because I know you'll hear the same old claims that rolling back these tax breaks means a massive tax increase on the American people: if your family earns less than $250,000 a year, you will not see your taxes increased a single dime. I repeat: not one single dime.;Barack Obama;family
If it looks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, we have at least to consider the possibility that we have a small aquatic bird of the family anatidae on our hands.;Douglas Adams;family
If I win and get the money, then the Oakland Police department is going to buy a boys' home, me a house, my family a house, and a Stop Police Brutality Center.;Tupac Shakur;family
On Thanksgiving I will stop to give thanks that my family is safe and healthy, especially because I realize that, following the tragedies of this year, it is all too real a possibility that they might not have been.;Bobby Jindal;family
Blood relatives often have nothing to do with family, and similarly, family is about who you choose to make your life with.;Oliver Hudson;family
I am confident that nobody... will accuse me of selfishness if I ask to spend time, while I am still in good health, with my family, my friends and also with myself.;Nelson Mandela;family
I looked up my family tree and found three dogs using it.;Rodney Dangerfield;family
All happy families resemble one another, each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.;Leo Tolstoy;family
With all my fans I got a family again.;Tupac Shakur;family
My restaurants are never opened on Thanksgiving I want my staff to spend time with their family if they can. My feeling is, if I can't figure out how to make money the rest of the year so that my workers can enjoy the holidays, then I don't deserve to be an owner.;Michael Symon;family
The most merciful thing that a family does to one of its infant members is to kill it.;Margaret Sanger;family
I come from a family where gravy is considered a beverage.;Erma Bombeck;family
In the richest country in the history of the world, this Obama economy has crushed the middle class. Family income has fallen by $4,000, but health insurance premiums are higher, food prices are higher, utility bills are higher, and gasoline prices have doubled. Today more Americans wake up in poverty than ever before.;Mitt Romney;family
Family is conflict and it's something that we all relate to.;Bill Cosby;family
So live that you wouldn't be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.;Will Rogers;family
Smartness runs in my family. When I went to school I was so smart my teacher was in my class for five years.;Gracie Allen;family
We believed in our idea - a family park where parents and children could have fun- together.;Walt Disney;family
Like religion, politics, and family planning, cereal is not a topic to be brought up in public. It's too controversial.;Erma Bombeck;family
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins.;Charles Alexander Eastman;family
Marriage is an act of will that signifies and involves a mutual gift, which unites the spouses and binds them to their eventual souls, with whom they make up a sole family - a domestic church.;Pope John Paul II;family
I have Muslim members of my family. I have lived in Muslim countries.;Barack Obama;family
