The freedom of thought is a sacred right of every individual man, and diversity will continue to increase with the progress, refinement, and differentiation of the human intellect.;Felix Adler;freedom
That's part of American greatness, is discrimination. Yes, sir. Inequality, I think, breeds freedom and gives a man opportunity.;Lester Maddox;freedom
Carry out the republican principle of universal suffrage, or strike it from your banners and substitute 'Freedom and Power to one half of society, and Submission and Slavery to the other.';Ernestine Rose;freedom
Freedom is always the freedom of dissenters.;Rosa Luxemburg;freedom
Freedom only for the members of the government, only for the members of the Party - though they are quite numerous - is no freedom at all.;Rosa Luxemburg;freedom
All my life, Americans have been accustomed to thinking of theirs as 'the richest, freest' country in the world. By most measurements, it was long a contender for that honor, and - among the larger countries, if equal weight were given to wealth and indices of freedom - probably did deserve to be so described.;Conrad Black;freedom
When we, through our educational culture, through the media, through the entertainment culture, give our children the impression that human beings cannot control their passions, we are telling them, in effect, that human beings cannot be trusted with freedom.;Alan Keyes;freedom
With courage and character, American soldiers continue to put themselves on the line to defend our freedom, and so many have paid the ultimate sacrifice.;Dan Lipinski;freedom
They were singing in French, but the melody was freedom and any American could understand that.;Audie Murphy;freedom
Our work is a scream of freedom.;Christo;freedom
With one man, there was a freedom and liberation. That was with Michael Hutchence, my partner in life.;Kylie Minogue;freedom
Freedom of expression is the matrix, the indispensable condition, of nearly every other form of freedom.;Benjamin Cardozo;freedom
American movies and music deliver themes of freedom, innocence, and power that appeal to others - partly because America itself was put together out of a multiplicity of national traditions.;Todd Gitlin;freedom
Our Founders warned against this. They said don't... that your liberty is only as secure as the people are. Because once they, um, get the ability to vote themselves entitlements from the largesse of the government, liberty is done freedom is over with. We were warned. We are there.;Sharron Angle;freedom
Judgment traps you within the limitations of your comparisons. It inhibits freedom.;Willie Stargell;freedom
Men like me, who merely wish to establish political freedom, will in such circumstances lose all their influence, and others will get influence who may become dangerous to all established interests whatsoever.;Lajos Kossuth;freedom
I know that throughout their history, the people of the United States defended their freedom, their liberty, their justice, and their rights - if need be - with their lives. I think their courage is so admirable.;Lee Myung-bak;freedom
The Law of God reaches into every area of life, and it brings about incredible blessing and incredible freedom.;Randall Terry;freedom
I stand for limited government, fiscal responsibility, personal freedom, personal responsibility, so the Republican Party will support me.;Rick Scott;freedom
But it required a disastrous, internecine war to bring this question of human freedom to a crisis, and the process of striking the shackles from the slave was accomplished in a single hour.;Wendell Willkie;freedom
If we want to talk about freedom, we must mean freedom for others as well as ourselves, and we must mean freedom for everyone inside our frontiers as well as outside.;Wendell Willkie;freedom
Having grown up in Bombay, from the day you're born, you have absolute freedom to choose who you want to be.;Freida Pinto;freedom
It could be my British need for discipline that makes me admire the American appetite for freedom and passion.;Steve Winwood;freedom
Ultimately we know deeply that the other side of every fear is freedom.;Marilyn Ferguson;freedom
That feeling of freedom, open highways of possibilities, has kind of been lost to materialism and marketing.;Sheryl Crow;freedom
Life is a very orderly thing, but in fiction there is a huge liberation and freedom. I can do what I like. There's nothing that says I can't write a page of full stops. There is no 'should' involved, although you wouldn't know that from literary reviews and critics.;Kate Atkinson;freedom
Republican values - strong families, faith, personal responsibility and freedom, among others - are not unique to specific subsets of the electorate. They are universal values, and it is Republicans' job to remind Americans of that fact.;Gary Bauer;freedom
I think there is a heritage which I'm proud of, which is a fight for democracy, a fight for social justice, a fight for freedom. My grandfather went to jail or exile six times in his life, fighting for his principles for democracy, or for his country. And my father twice.;George Papandreou;freedom
The legal difference between the sit-ins and the Freedom Riders was significant.;Constance Baker Motley;freedom
I have always been a firm believer in the longstanding American principle of having the right to bear arms and I will remain committed to see that this freedom is not infringed upon, revoked, or limited in any way.;Jeff Miller;freedom
Eventually I want to be a full-time mother who works occasionally - and being an actor you have that freedom.;Carrie-Anne Moss;freedom
Many have left their families to defend our freedom. We salute their bravery we express our appreciation and support to their families. And we pray for their safe return.;Bob Taft;freedom
The old Romans all wished to have a king over them because they had not yet tasted the sweetness of freedom.;Titus Livius;freedom
We believe that salvation is to be found in wholesome work in a beloved land. Work will provide our people with the bread of tomorrow, and moreover, with the honor of the tomorrow, the freedom of the tomorrow.;Theodor Herzl;freedom
Time misspent in youth is sometimes all the freedom one ever has.;Anita Brookner;freedom
When I was younger, I was listening to a lot of Armenian music, you know, revolutionary music about freedom and protest. In the 70s I was listening to soul and the Bee Gees and ABBA, and funk.;Serj Tankian;freedom
The thing is this: You got to have fun while you're fightin' for freedom, 'cause you don't always win.;Molly Ivins;freedom
I don't think that there is absolute freedom of the press. We operate under laws - against libel, for instance. The idea that there is some absolute press freedom is kind of a myth.;Bill Keller;freedom
Many a time freedom has been rolled back - and always for the same sorry reason: fear.;Molly Ivins;freedom
Havin' fun while freedom fightin' must be one of those lunatic Texas traits we get from the water - which is known to have lithium in it - because it goes all the way back to Sam Houston, surely the most lovable, the most human, and the funniest of all the great men this country has ever produced.;Molly Ivins;freedom
The freedom to connect to the world anywhere at anytime brings with it the threat of unscrupulous predators and criminals who mask their activities with the anonymity the Internet provides to its users.;Mike Fitzpatrick;freedom
Yoga is a way to freedom. By its constant practice, we can free ourselves from fear, anguish and loneliness.;Indra Devi;freedom
There is something akin to freedom in having a lover who has no control over you, except that which he gains by kindness and attachment.;Harriet Ann Jacobs;freedom
Latinos have fought in all of America's wars, beginning with the Revolutionary War. Many Latinos are fighting and dying for our country today in Iraq, just as several of their ancestors fought for freedom in Mexico over a century ago.;Joe Baca;freedom
History is full of examples of people who clamp down after they began to enjoy too much freedom. Freedom can lead to instability, anarchy, and confusion. So there can be a moral counter-revolution.;Gary Ross;freedom
With Napster and the sharing of music, of course, there are going to be people who exploit it. Greed has no end. But there's a lot of good that could happen. We shouldn't let the economic concerns of the major labels infringe on our freedom to share music.;Ian MacKaye;freedom
I do have the freedom to choose what I want to do and I'll continue to do that.;Moira Kelly;freedom
Jazz is about freedom within discipline. Usually a dictatorship like in Russia and Germany will prevent jazz from being played because it just seemed to represent freedom, democracy and the United States.;Dave Brubeck;freedom
Many people don't understand how disciplined you have to be to play jazz... And that is really the idea of democracy - freedom within the Constitution or discipline. You don't just get out there and do anything you want.;Dave Brubeck;freedom
Jazz stands for freedom. It's supposed to be the voice of freedom: Get out there and improvise, and take chances, and don't be a perfectionist - leave that to the classical musicians.;Dave Brubeck;freedom
I was 37 when my father died-and I no longer had any freedom of choice over what I would do with the rest of my life.;Paul Getty;freedom
This enemy of peace in the world today is unlike any we have seen in the past, and our military is learning from, and building on, previous successes while carrying peace and freedom into the future.;Mark Kennedy;freedom
I have just enough people paying attention that I have the freedom to be in charge. And I have a great record company - Nonesuch understands what I'm about.;Emmylou Harris;freedom
The United States is a giant island of freedom, achievement, wealth and prosperity in a world hostile to our values.;Phyllis Schlafly;freedom
Maybe a part of me recognized how right the improvising spirit of jazz is. Not the sounds, but the freedom to work with musicians who work that way. It felt very natural to me, but I think there's a way to do it without it being a jazz record.;Jane Siberry;freedom
That happens every time I get behind a guitar, regardless of what I'm saying, 'cause music is freedom and being free is the closest I've ever felt to being spiritual.;Ben Harper;freedom
You have an absolute freedom in Mexican writing today in which you don't necessarily have to deal with the Mexican identity. You know why? Because we have an identity... We know who we are. We know what it means to be a Mexican.;Carlos Fuentes;freedom
For science must breathe the oxygen of freedom.;John Charles Polanyi;freedom
It's good that the first half of the speech emphasized freedom, because George W. Bush has been the global champion for freedom. As he said, if we don't fight tyranny it will not leave us alone in peace.;Ernest Istook;freedom
A culture without property, or in which creators can't get paid, is anarchy, not freedom.;Lawrence Lessig;freedom
The attitude is we live and let live. This is actually an amazing change in values in a rather short time and it's an example of freedom from religion.;Tom Wolfe;freedom
I don't have anything to prove anymore. I don't have a record deal, no one has any expectations, I'm in a position of freedom. I don't need anyone's approval.;Juliana Hatfield;freedom
Working with David Cronenberg or Darren Aronofsky or even Steven Soderbergh isn't really like a typical Hollywood movie. These are true artists, and have a certain amount of freedom when they work, and they're more like independent filmmakers making their way through big studios.;Vincent Cassel;freedom
Your life is the sum result of all the choices you make, both consciously and unconsciously. If you can control the process of choosing, you can take control of all aspects of your life. You can find the freedom that comes from being in charge of yourself.;Robert Foster Bennett;freedom
I have always that there ought to be some kind of mandatory national service, not necessarily in the military but to show everybody that freedom isn't free, that everybody has an obligation to the nation as a community.;Robert M. Gates;freedom
It is not natural or inevitable that half the world goes hungry that the freedom of markets trumps protection of the planet or that citizens' rights come second to those of corporations.;Frances O'Grady;freedom
In times such as these, people should recognize that evil knows no borders, knows no limits and knows no compassion. Those around the globe that value freedom must continue to persevere even in the darkest of times.;Michael Burgess;freedom
To her audience, Janis Joplin has remained a symbol, artifact and reminder of late Sixties youth culture. Her popularity never derived from her musical ability, but from her capacity to link her fantasies of freedom and immortality with ours.;Jon Landau;freedom
The enemies of freedom will not prevail.;Bill Frist;freedom
In short, is not liberty the freedom of every person to make full use of his faculties, so long as he does not harm other persons while doing so?;Frederic Bastiat;freedom
How can you be conservative and justify wiretapping people without a warrant? We're supposed to be the party of personal freedom and civil liberties.;Roger Stone;freedom
Another hero was Tom Swift, in the books. What he stood for, the freedom, the scientific knowledge and being and engineer gave him the ability to invent solutions to problems. He's always been a hero to me. I buy old Tom Swift books now and read them to my own children.;Steve Wozniak;freedom
Real change isn't found in some new way to think about yourself, but in freedom from the need to think about yourself at all.;Guy Finley;freedom
It's great to have the freedom to enjoy your work and not feel like you're leaving your other life behind.;Anna Paquin;freedom
I always wanted to make a children's album because you have the freedom to explore so many wonderful topics and sounds.;Lisa Loeb;freedom
The first of all commodities to be exchanged is labour, and the freedom of man consists only in the exercise of the right to determine for himself in what manner his labour shall be employed, and how he will dispose of its products.;Henry Charles Carey;freedom
You know, you don't retreat in the defense of freedom. You don't retreat in the defense of moral government and limited government. You don't retreat because people are going to defend bad things.;Russell Pearce;freedom
If governments let themselves be fully bound by the decisions of their parliaments without protecting their own freedom to act, a breakup of Europe would be a more probable outcome than deeper integration.;Mario Monti;freedom
It the British System is the most gigantic system of slavery the world has yet seen, and therefore it is that freedom gradually disappears from every country over which England is enabled to obtain control.;Henry Charles Carey;freedom
Yes, we have the freedom to do what we please, but it only works because we don't do everything we might please - we should exercise some degree of personal, and corporate, responsibility.;Tammy Bruce;freedom
Freedom of expression comes with responsibilities, especially when it comes with serious implications for peace.;Mohammed Morsi;freedom
My name became known because I was, one might say accidentally the target of state repression and because so many people throughout the country and other parts of the world organized around the demand for my freedom.;Angela Davis;freedom
Creative freedom is an imperative for me, but it doesn't really exist in a Hollywood game.;Mira Nair;freedom
America has never seen itself as a national state like all others, but rather as an experiment in human freedom and democracy.;Brent Scowcroft;freedom
I want to have the freedom to do whatever I want.;Paul Walker;freedom
Money buys many things... The best of which is freedom.;Mary Renault;freedom
You, the foreign media, have been the companion of my people in its long and painful journey to freedom.;Corazon Aquino;freedom
You have spent many lives and much treasure to bring freedom to many lands that were reluctant to receive it. And here you have a people who won it by themselves and need only the help to preserve it.;Corazon Aquino;freedom
My father described this tall lady who stands in the middle of the New York harbor, holding high a torch to welcome people seeking freedom in America. I instantly fell in love.;Yakov Smirnoff;freedom
Wherever on this planet ideals of personal freedom and dignity apply, there you will find the cultural inheritance of England.;Karel Capek;freedom
Not to mention the fact that of course terrorists hate freedom. I think they do hate. But believe me, I don't think they sit there abstractly hating freedom.;Zbigniew Brzezinski;freedom
People ask 'How does doing a film compare to doing an ad?' Well, when you're doing a commercial you don't have to sell tickets. You have a captured audience. Which is actually completely rare and great it gives you a lot of freedom. When you make a film, you have to do advertisements for the film.;Mike Mills;freedom
I was inspired to write this book by those who are sceptical of the power of freedom to change the world.;Natan Sharansky;freedom
The three main sources of scepticism are first, that not every people desires freedom second, that democracy in certain parts of the world would be dangerous and third, that there is little the world's democracies can do to advance freedom outside their countries.;Natan Sharansky;freedom
By helping readers understand these mechanics, I hope they will appreciate why freedom is for everyone, why it is essential for our security and why the free world plays a critically important role in advancing democracy around the globe.;Natan Sharansky;freedom
Believe me, the drug of freedom is universally potent.;Natan Sharansky;freedom
I am optimistic that peace can be achieved in the region because I believe that every society on earth can be free and that if freedom comes to the Middle East, there can be peace.;Natan Sharansky;freedom
I take life as it happens. And I give myself a lot of freedom.;Jean Paul Gaultier;freedom
I used to think that if I had success I would have freedom. But I have less freedom now than I've ever had. And what gives me satisfaction is not the jewelry and not the cars. What gives me satisfaction is doing things for others, like children.;Criss Angel;freedom
