The voice of the intelligence is drowned out by the roar of fear. It is ignored by the voice of desire. It is contradicted by the voice of shame. It is biased by hate and extinguished by anger. Most of all it is silenced by ignorance.;Karl A. Menninger;anger
The world in general doesn't know what to make of originality it is startled out of its comfortable habits of thought, and its first reaction is one of anger.;W. Somerset Maugham;anger
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't angry some days. But I really have worked hard to put a lot of the anger and disappointment in the past.;Monica Lewinsky;anger
Five enemies of peace inhabit with us - avarice, ambition, envy, anger, and pride if these were to be banished, we should infallibly enjoy perpetual peace.;Petrarch;anger
Lawyers are men who hire out their words and anger.;Horace;anger
It's a joke to think that anyone is one thing. We're all such complex creatures. But if I'm going to be a poster child for anything, anger's a gorgeous emotion. It gets a bad rap, but it can make great changes happen.;Alanis Morissette;anger
Anger will never disappear so long as thoughts of resentment are cherished in the mind. Anger will disappear just as soon as thoughts of resentment are forgotten.;John Dryden;anger
Do not follow vain desires for verily he who prospers is preserved from lust, greed and anger.;Abu Bakr;anger
All those who offer an opinion on any doubtful point should first clear their minds of every sentiment of dislike, friendship, anger or pity.;Sallust;anger
I really believe that all of us have a lot of darkness in our souls. Anger, rage, fear, sadness. I don't think that's only reserved for people who have horrible upbringings. I think it really exists and is part of the human condition. I think in the course of your life you figure out ways to deal with that.;Kevin Bacon;anger
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they are subtle and quick to anger.;J. R. R. Tolkien;anger
When I was younger, I was terrified to express anger because it would often kick-start a horrible reaction in the men in my life. So I bit my tongue. I was left to painstakingly deal with the aftermath of my avoidance later in life, in therapy or through the lyrics of my songs.;Alanis Morissette;anger
The flame of anger, bright and brief, sharpens the barb of love.;Walter Savage Landor;anger
What starts the process, really, are laughs and slights and snubs when you are a kid. If your anger is deep enough and strong enough, you learn that you can change those attitudes by excellence, personal gut performance.;Richard M. Nixon;anger
Although you may spend your life killing, You will not exhaust all your foes. But if you quell your own anger, your real enemy will be slain.;Nagarjuna;anger
The opposite of anger is not calmness, its empathy.;Mehmet Oz;anger
A lot of my humor does come from anger. It's like, you're not gonna pull one over on me - which is pretty much my motto anyways.;Courteney Cox;anger
President Obama clearly cannot run on his record. All he's offering is more of the same. That's not good. Look at the economy. It's stagnating. And so, what they're now going to try and do is bring this campaign down to little things, distractions, distortions, smear, fear, anger, frustration.;Paul Ryan;anger
To talk about balance, it's easier to talk about what's out of balance. And I think anytime that you have any disease, and disease meaning lack of ease, lack of flow... dis-ease. So any time there's disease, you're out of balance, whether it's jealousy, anger, greed, anxiety, fear.;Ricky Williams;anger
People are unjust to anger - it can be enlivening and a lot of fun.;Philip Roth;anger
Anger is never without an argument, but seldom with a good one.;Indira Gandhi;anger
All anger is not sinful, because some degree of it, and on some occasions, is inevitable. But it becomes sinful and contradicts the rule of Scripture when it is conceived upon slight and inadequate provocation, and when it continues long.;Wilson Mizner;anger
George wrote Taxman, and I played guitar on it. He wrote it in anger at finding out what the taxman did. He had never known before then what could happen to your money.;Paul McCartney;anger
Grab the broom of anger and drive off the beast of fear.;Zora Neale Hurston;anger
I don't think your ability to fight has anything to do with how big you are. It's to do with how much anger is in you.;Amy Winehouse;anger
Like fragile ice anger passes away in time.;Ovid;anger
My therapist says I still haven't got in touch with my anger. Maybe one day I'm going to explode. But I'm still really happy. I know it looks like a strange and painful upbringing - all those experiences led me to the paths that I'm on now.;Drew Barrymore;anger
When someone says that I'm angry it's actually a compliment. I have not always been direct with my anger in my relationships, which is part of why I'd write about it in my songs because I had such fear around expressing anger as a woman.;Alanis Morissette;anger
I think I'm basically the same guy I always was. Maybe I've learned, through experience, to rein in some of the anger and temper they say redheads normally have.;Willie Nelson;anger
Growing up in a particular neighborhood, growing up in a working-class family, not having much money, all of those things fire you and can give you an edge, can give you an anger.;Gary Oldman;anger
Well, all comedy starts with anger. You get angry, and its never for a good reason, right? You know its not a good reason. And then you try and work it from there.;Jerry Seinfeld;anger
What influenced me was Tori Amos, who was unapologetic about expressing anger through music, and Sinead O'Connor. Those two in particular were really moving for me, and very inspiring, before I wrote 'Jagged Little Pill.';Alanis Morissette;anger
Anger is as a stone cast into a wasp's nest.;Pope Paul VI;anger
My dear brothers, take note of this: Everyone should be quick to listen, slow to speak and slow to become angry, for man's anger does not bring about the righteous life that God desires.;Beverly Sills;anger
I'm an angry person, angrier than most people would imagine, I get flashes of anger. What works for me is working out when it's useful to use that anger.;Alan Alda;anger
Quite a lot of our contemporary culture is actually shot through with a resentment of limits and the passage of time, anger at what we can't do, fear or even disgust at growing old.;Rowan Williams;anger
Words can be said in bitterness and anger, and often there seems to be an element of truth in the nastiness. And words don't go away, they just echo around.;Jane Goodall;anger
Religion can emerge in all forms of feeling: here wild anger, there the sweetest pain here consuming hatred, there the childlike smile of serene humility.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;anger
Fantastic tyrant of the amorous heart. How hard thy yoke, how cruel thy dart. Those escape your anger who refuse your sway, and those are punished most, who most obey.;Matthew Prior;anger
I turned to music originally because of my past and needing a release or an outlet to get out anger or frustration or hurt.;Christina Aguilera;anger
Wars spring from unseen and generally insignificant causes, the first outbreak being often but an explosion of anger.;Thucydides;anger
I have to say that anger is the blanket that comes around me, and that blunts and blurs my sense of proportion.;Pete Townshend;anger
I'm fascinated by rap and by hip-hop. I think there's a lot of poetry in it. There's a lot of anger, a lot of social energy in it. And I think you'd better listen to it pretty carefully, 'cause it's important.;John F. Kerry;anger
The bare recollection of anger kindles anger.;Publilius Syrus;anger
There was never an angry man that thought his anger unjust.;Saint Francis de Sales;anger
I think we all have a lot of darkness in our bellies. As an actor, the challenge of tapping into that, reaching down into that sadness or anger, is very therapeutic.;Kevin Bacon;anger
Allowing children to show their guilt, show their grief, show their anger, takes the sting out of the situation.;Martha Beck;anger
I think that Scottish people, like Canadians, are often misunderstood and what I like about my Scottish friends and relatives is how quickly it can go from love to anger. It's a great dynamic.;Mike Myers;anger
He who is incapable of feeling strong passions, of being shaken by anger, of living in every sense of the word, will never be a good actor.;Sarah Bernhardt;anger
Anger may repast with thee for an hour, but not repose for a night the continuance of anger is hatred, the continuance of hatred turns malice.;Francis Quarles;anger
Yeah, to me, acting is very therapeutic. I get out a lot of anger and frustration.;Diane Kruger;anger
I grew up looking at my father as to how to behave. In watching him I grasped so many things. His own temperament was of a calm person. He was very composed and I never saw anger in him. To me, that was fascinating.;Sachin Tendulkar;anger
All who consult on doubtful matters, should be void of hatred, friendship, anger, and pity.;Sallust;anger
Men make angry music and it's called rock-and-roll women include anger in their vocabulary and suddenly they're angry and militant.;Ani DiFranco;anger
I've been trying to learn how to not be so conflicted about things like my own anger. I've always had a place in my music for my anger as a way of compensating for not having a mechanism to express it in my everyday life. So I've been trying to be more true to myself, and that helps me to chill out a little bit. But politically, uh-uh. No.;Ani DiFranco;anger
Shock, confusion, fear, anger, grief, and defiance. On Sept. 11, 2001, and for the three days following the worst terrorist attack on U.S. soil, President George W. Bush led with raw emotion that reflected the public's whipsawing stages of acceptance.;Ron Fournier;anger
For me music is a vehicle to bring our pain to the surface, getting it back to that humble and tender spot where, with luck, it can lose its anger and become compassion again.;Paula Cole;anger
In plain terms, a child is a complicated creature who can drive you crazy. There's a cruelty to childhood, there's an anger.;Maurice Sendak;anger
Anger is an expensive luxury in which only men of certain income can indulge.;George William Curtis;anger
I'm not a screamer. I'm confrontational, but I don't think that translates into anger.;Rachel Maddow;anger
All through life I've harbored anger rather than expressed it at the moment.;Jessica Lange;anger
My passion and energy get mistaken for anger.;Gary Oldman;anger
When we can lay down our fear and anger and choose responses other than aggression, we create the conditions for bringing out the best in us humans.;Margaret J. Wheatley;anger
Your anger is a gift.;Zack de la Rocha;anger
At the time, 1980, people regarded actresses involved with production with a certain amount of fear, resentment and anger.;Jacqueline Bisset;anger
The great thing about celebrity culture is that they can't seem to stop themselves from displaying their ridiculous behaviour. I feel it's my job as a serious investigative journalist to witness all kinds of behaviour and then report back to the audience through the prism of my own anger and bitterness.;Kathy Griffin;anger
In general I was a good kid. It usually took a lot to make me mad. But once I reached the boiling point, I lost all rational control. Totally without thinking, when my anger was aroused, I grabbed the nearest brick, rock, or stick to bash someone. It was as if I had no conscious will in the matter.;Benjamin Carson;anger
Anger elicits anger, fear elicits fear, no matter how well meaning we may be.;Martha Beck;anger
Anger and hate against one we love steels our hearts, but contempt or pity leaves us silent and ashamed.;Edgar Rice Burroghs;anger
I have a right to my anger, and I don't want anybody telling me I shouldn't be, that it's not nice to be, and that something's wrong with me because I get angry.;Maxine Waters;anger
I have some anger issues.;Bryan Cranston;anger
The intoxication of anger, like that of the grape, shows us to others, but hides us from ourselves.;John Dryden;anger
The upside to anger? Getting it out of your system. You got to express your anger. Then you have room for more positive things. If I hold something in a long time, and then I speak it, it's amazing how the light shines so much brighter.;Reba McEntire;anger
I drank for about 25 years getting over the loss of my father and I took the anger out on myself. I did a good job at beating myself up at sometimes. I don't drink anymore but my alcoholic head occasionally says different. 'Nil By Mouth' was a love letter to my father because I needed to resolve some issues in order to be able to forgive him.;Gary Oldman;anger
Anger has a way of seeping into every other emotion and planting itself in there.;Dane Cook;anger
Anger is a great force. If you control it, it can be transmuted into a power which can move the whole world.;William Shenstone;anger
It's usually a big kind of vent of frustration or anger or sadness that puts me in the right frame of mind to write. It's such a cliche to say that artists write when they're down, but it's true for me. It's a relief to get out what's eating away at my heart or my soul or my head.;Ellie Goulding;anger
Anger tears me up inside... My own... or anyone else's.;Betty White;anger
He took over anger to intimidate subordinates, and in time anger took over him.;Milan Kundera;anger
We are losing sight of civility in government and politics. Debate and dialogue is taking a back seat to the politics of destruction and anger and control. Dogma has replaced thoughtful discussion between people of differing views.;James McGreevey;anger
I don't play pyrotechnic scales. I play about frustration, patience, anger. Music is an extension of my soul.;Dick Dale;anger
I'm not someone who feels anger on particular issues.;Theresa May;anger
Take the high road. No matter how much strife, and consternation, frustration and anger you might be confronted with - don't go to that level.;Tim Gunn;anger
Something my mum taught me years and years and years ago, is life's just too short to carry around a great bucket-load of anger and resentment and bitterness and hatreds and all that sort of stuff.;Kevin Rudd;anger
My humour has always come from anger, but I have to make sure I don't just get angry and jump on a soapbox.;Carl Hiaasen;anger
Anger is a good motivator.;James Dyson;anger
And I think there's something about conservatives frankly - and the Left, when it comes to their channels of persuasion, are unpersuasive. They are, most of them are hate-filled, obscenity-clogged rants of anger and hatred.;Karl Rove;anger
If anger proceeds from a great cause, it turns to fury if from a small cause, it is peevishness and so is always either terrible or ridiculous.;Jeremy Taylor;anger
I accrued anger from people's low opinion of me and my work, and for the work I might be capable of.;Harrison Ford;anger
I've learned that football sometimes was an outlet. It was a way for me to release anger, release frustration.;Emmitt Smith;anger
Anger is a momentary madness, so control your passion or it will control you.;G. M. Trevelyan;anger
It's a very difficult thing for people to accept, seeing women act out anger on the screen. We're more accustomed to seeing men expressing rage and women crying.;Rebecca De Mornay;anger
He best keeps from anger who remembers that God is always looking upon him.;B. C. Forbes;anger
I did not want to put myself on the line, as an Australian playing Britain's greatest comic actor. The fans of Sellers are obsessive, possessive - and aggressive. I did not want to risk their anger - or my own reputation.;Geoffrey Rush;anger
On banks, I make no apology for attacking spivs and gamblers who did more harm to the British economy than Bob Crow could achieve in his wildest Trotskyite fantasies, while paying themselves outrageous bonuses underwritten by the taxpayer. There is much public anger about banks and it is well deserved.;Vince Cable;anger
Whether one agrees or disagrees with the tactics of the Occupy Wall Street movement, it's easy to understand the inspiration for its anger as well as its impatience.;Eric Alterman;anger
When you learn that a truth is a lie, anger follows.;Grace Slick;anger
Good satire comes from anger. It comes from a sense of injustice, that there are wrongs in the world that need to be fixed. And what better place to get that well of venom and outrage boiling than a newsroom, because you're on the front lines.;Carl Hiaasen;anger
In high school I dated a white woman. She would come to visit me on the rez. And her dad, who was very racist, didn't like that at all. And he told her one time, 'You shouldn't go on the rez if you're white because Indians have a lot of anger in their heart.';Sherman Alexie;anger
