To live in this world, you must be able to do three things: to love what is mortal to hold it against your bones knowing your own life depends on it and, when the time comes to let it go, to let it go.;Mary Oliver;love
There isn't any formula or method. You learn to love by loving - by paying attention and doing what one thereby discovers has to be done.;Aldous Huxley;love
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.;Jeanne Moreau;love
The planter, the farmer, the mechanic, and the laborer... form the great body of the people of the United States, they are the bone and sinew of the country men who love liberty and desire nothing but equal rights and equal laws.;Andrew Jackson;love
You don't walk away if you love someone. You help the person.;Hillary Clinton;love
Love is union with somebody, or something, outside oneself, under the condition of retaining the separateness and integrity of one's own self.;Erich Fromm;love
Where love rules, there is no will to power and where power predominates, there love is lacking. The one is the shadow of the other.;Carl Jung;love
If one of two lovers is loyal, and the other jealous and false, how may their friendship last, for Love is slain!;Marie de France;love
Those who have the strength and the love to sit with a dying patient in the silence that goes beyond words will know that this moment is neither frightening nor painful, but a peaceful cessation of the functioning of the body.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;love
In our minds, love and lust are really separated. It's hard to find someone that can be kind and you can trust enough to leave your kids with, and isn't afraid to throw her man up against the wall and lick him from head to toe.;Tori Amos;love
Why love if losing hurts so much? I have no answers anymore only the life I have lived. The pain now is part of the happiness then.;Anthony Hopkins;love
I love to hit people. I love to.;Mike Tyson;love
I'm getting a wrinkle above my eyebrow because I just can't stop lifting it, and I love that you know.;Angelina Jolie;love
We abuse land because we regard it as a commodity belonging to us. When we see land as a community to which we belong, we may begin to use it with love and respect.;Aldo Leopold;love
I usually get myself into situations that cause sparks. I mean I'm a girl that likes the storms. I love feeling alive, I love walking out in the cold in my bare feet and feeling the ice on my toes.;Tori Amos;love
It is with an old love as it is with old age a man lives to all the miseries, but is dead to all the pleasures.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;love
There is hardly any activity, any enterprise, which is started out with such tremendous hopes and expectations, and yet which fails so regularly, as love.;Erich Fromm;love
It is not in the power of even the most crafty dissimulation to conceal love long, where it really is, nor to counterfeit it long where it is not.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;love
Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference. They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver.;Barbara de Angelis;love
It is a great consolation for me to remember that the Lord, to whom I had drawn near in humble and child-like faith, has suffered and died for me, and that He will look on me in love and compassion.;Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart;love
The impulse to cruelty is, in many people, almost as violent as the impulse to sexual love - almost as violent and much more mischievous.;Aldous Huxley;love
I love the name of honor, more than I fear death.;Julius Caesar;love
Love is friendship set on fire.;Jeremy Taylor;love
You are precisely as big as what you love and precisely as small as what you allow to annoy you.;Robert Anton Wilson;love
They're right to think that about me, because I'm the person most likely to sleep with my female fans, I genuinely love other women. And I think they know that.;Angelina Jolie;love
A wedding anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance and tenacity. The order varies for any given year.;Paul Sweeney;love
The only thing we never get enough of is love and the only thing we never give enough of is love.;Henry Miller;love
Love is often nothing but a favorable exchange between two people who get the most of what they can expect, considering their value on the personality market.;Erich Fromm;love
You know, all that really matters is that the people you love are happy and healthy. Everything else is just sprinkles on the sundae.;Paul Walker;love
Nobody loves a woman because she is handsome or ugly, stupid or intelligent. We love because we love.;Honore de Balzac;love
Everyone can relate to love, hurt, pain, learning how to forgive, needing to get over, needing the power of God in their life.;Tyler Perry;love
I have been astonished that men could die martyrs for religion - I have shuddered at it. I shudder no more - I could be martyred for my religion - Love is my religion - I could die for that.;John Keats;love
When I sing, I feel like when you're first in love. It's more than sex. It's that point two people can get to they call love, when you really touch someone for the first time, but it's gigantic, multiplied by the whole audience. I feel chills.;Janis Joplin;love
A woman has two smiles that an angel might envy, the smile that accepts a lover before words are uttered, and the smile that lights on the first born babe, and assures it of a mother's love.;Thomas Chandler Haliburton;love
A lot of times black folks look for love in all the wrong places. You're always looking for somebody to love you, be accepted, and there's the insecurities that are even transmitted through rap. Everyone is trying to aim to please too much.;Chuck D.;love
Men shrink less from offending one who inspires love than one who inspires fear.;Niccolo Machiavelli;love
I think the biggest disease the world suffers from in this day and age is the disease of people feeling unloved. I know that I can give love for a minute, for half an hour, for a day, for a month, but I can give. I am very happy to do that, I want to do that.;Princess Diana;love
The love of learning, the sequestered nooks, And all the sweet serenity of books.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;love
Don't threaten me with love, baby. Let's just go walking in the rain.;Billie Holiday;love
Men often pass from love to ambition, but they seldom come back again from ambition to love.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;love
If you cannot inspire a woman with love of you, fill her above the brim with love of herself all that runs over will be yours.;Charles Caleb Colton;love
I understand now that the vulnerability I've always felt is the greatest strength a person can have. You can't experience life without feeling life. What I've learned is that being vulnerable to somebody you love is not a weakness, it's a strength.;Elisabeth Shue;love
If a man is truly in love, the most beautiful woman in the world couldn't take him away. Maybe for a few days, but not forever.;Eva Gabor;love
If I think more about death than some other people, it is probably because I love life more than they do.;Angelina Jolie;love
Love is the river of life in the world.;Henry Ward Beecher;love
The love that lasts longest is the love that is never returned.;W. Somerset Maugham;love
I love quotations because it is a joy to find thoughts one might have, beautifully expressed with much authority by someone recognized wiser than oneself.;Marlene Dietrich;love
If so many men, so many minds, certainly so many hearts, so many kinds of love.;Leo Tolstoy;love
Love is anterior to life, posterior to death, initial of creation, and the exponent of breath.;Emily Dickinson;love
Tell the truth. Sing with passion. Work with laughter. Love with heart. 'Cause that's all that matters in the end.;Kris Kristofferson;love
Getting divorced just because you don't love a man is almost as silly as getting married just because you do.;Zsa Zsa Gabor;love
Give a little love to a child, and you get a great deal back.;John Ruskin;love
It is with true love as it is with ghosts everyone talks about it, but few have seen it.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;love
He who knows no hardships will know no hardihood. He who faces no calamity will need no courage. Mysterious though it is, the characteristics in human nature which we love best grow in a soil with a strong mixture of troubles.;Harry Emerson Fosdick;love
Love is never defeated, and I could add, the history of Ireland proves it.;Pope John Paul II;love
I love chicken. I would eat chicken fingers on Thanksgiving if it were socially acceptable.;Todd Barry;love
In friendship as well as love, ignorance very often contributes more to our happiness than knowledge.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;love
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.;Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart;love
The motto of chivalry is also the motto of wisdom to serve all, but love only one.;Honore de Balzac;love
When we ask for love, we don't ask others to be fair to us-but rather to care for us, to be considerate of us. There is a world of difference here between demanding justice... and begging or pleading for love.;Mortimer Adler;love
He who does not love his own language is worse than an animal and smelly fish.;Jose Rizal;love
The secret of a happy marriage is finding the right person. You know they're right if you love to be with them all the time.;Julia Child;love
We always love those who admire us, but we do not always love those whom we admire.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;love
When people are lame, they love to blame.;Robert Kiyosaki;love
When you're taught to love everyone, to love your enemies, then what value does that place on love?;Marilyn Manson;love
A James Cagney love scene is one where he lets the other guy live.;Bob Hope;love
We are nearer loving those who hate us than those who love us more than we wish.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;love
If love is the treasure, laughter is the key.;Yakov Smirnoff;love
I am deeply grateful to the citizens of Sarajevo and the Sarajevo Canton assembly for bestowing upon me this incredible honor of citizenship. I am so proud to now be a part of such an extraordinary part of the world and fellow citizen to the people I deeply love and admire.;Angelina Jolie;love
You will reciprocally promise love, loyalty and matrimonial honesty. We only want for you this day that these words constitute the principle of your entire life and that with the help of divine grace you will observe these solemn vows that today, before God, you formulate.;Pope John Paul II;love
My trust in a higher power that wants me to survive and have love in my life, is what keeps me moving forward.;Kenny Loggins;love
If you love something let it go free. If it doesn't come back, you never had it. If it comes back, love it forever.;Douglas Horton;love
I love my children beyond all reason. They're my joy, even when they're wild with kid energy.;Christopher Meloni;love
We may sooner be brought to love them that hate us, than them that love us more than we would have them do.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;love
Little children are still the symbol of the eternal marriage between love and duty.;George Eliot;love
Love has its own time, its own season, and its own reasons from coming and going. You cannot bribe it or coerce it or reason it into staying. You can only embrace it when it arrives and give it away when it comes to you.;Kent Nerburn;love
Love does not alter the beloved, it alters itself.;Soren Kierkegaard;love
We pardon to the extent that we love.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;love
This love is silent.;T. S. Eliot;love
To love someone means to see him as God intended him.;Fyodor Dostoevsky;love
Love can no more continue without a constant motion than fire can and when once you take hope and fear away, you take from it its very life and being.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;love
Let us be about setting high standards for life, love, creativity, and wisdom. If our expectations in these areas are low, we are not likely to experience wellness. Setting high standards makes every day and every decade worth looking forward to.;Greg Anderson;love
Art is not the application of a canon of beauty but what the instinct and the brain can conceive beyond any canon. When we love a woman we don't start measuring her limbs.;Pablo Picasso;love
Just as in earthly life lovers long for the moment when they are able to breathe forth their love for each other, to let their souls blend in a soft whisper, so the mystic longs for the moment when in prayer he can, as it were, creep into God.;Soren Kierkegaard;love
Romance is tempestuous. Love is calm.;Mason Cooley;love
Where love is concerned, too much is not even enough.;Pierre Beaumarchais;love
I really love idiot, enlightened characters - these characters who fail to engage with the drama of their immediate circumstances they fail to be reactive and enrolled by drama as it happens around them.;Chuck Palahniuk;love
This is the miracle that happens every time to those who really love: the more they give, the more they possess.;Rainer Maria Rilke;love
The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death.;E. M. Forster;love
A religious man is a person who holds God and man in one thought at one time, at all times, who suffers harm done to others, whose greatest passion is compassion, whose greatest strength is love and defiance of despair.;Abraham Joshua Heschel;love
I did not just fall in love. I made a parachute jump.;Zora Neale Hurston;love
Metaphors are dangerous. Love begins with a metaphor. Which is to say, love begins at the point when a woman enters her first word into our poetic memory.;Milan Kundera;love
At the end of the day, you know, love does not happen between two perfect people as much as we would wish.;Hillary Clinton;love
Even if a unity of faith is not possible, a unity of love is.;Hans Urs von Balthasar;love
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person.;Mignon McLaughlin;marriage
By all means, marry. If you get a good wife, you'll become happy if you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher.;Socrates;marriage
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.;Friedrich Nietzsche;marriage
How can a woman be expected to be happy with a man who insists on treating her as if she were a perfectly normal human being.;Oscar Wilde;marriage
Don't marry the person you think you can live with marry only the individual you think you can't live without.;James C. Dobson;marriage
