Marriage is one of the most sacred human institutions. I asked our Senators, as many South Dakotans have done, to protect marriage as a union between a man and a woman.;Mike Rounds;marriage
Other than marriage, she doesn't control me and I don't control her.;Gavyn Davies;marriage
My wife disagrees with 100 percent of what I say. That's the same marriage I have.;Curtis Sliwa;marriage
I'm not feeling very well - I need a doctor immediately. Ring the nearest golf course.;Groucho Marx;medical
A hospital bed is a parked taxi with the meter running.;Groucho Marx;medical
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.;Erma Bombeck;medical
They certainly give very strange names to diseases.;Plato;medical
Getting out of the hospital is a lot like resigning from a book club. You're not out of it until the computer says you're out of it.;Erma Bombeck;medical
Medicine is my lawful wife and literature my mistress when I get tired of one, I spend the night with the other.;Anton Chekhov;medical
When I was born I was so ugly the doctor slapped my mother.;Rodney Dangerfield;medical
Doctors are just the same as lawyers the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you too.;Anton Chekhov;medical
The doctor sees all the weakness of mankind the lawyer all the wickedness, the theologian all the stupidity.;Arthur Schopenhauer;medical
Doctors will have more lives to answer for in the next world than even we generals.;Napoleon Bonaparte;medical
All sorts of computer errors are now turning up. You'd be surprised to know the number of doctors who claim they are treating pregnant men.;Isaac Asimov;medical
Illness is the doctor to whom we pay most heed to kindness, to knowledge, we make promise only pain we obey.;Marcel Proust;medical
Three-quarters of the sicknesses of intelligent people come from their intelligence. They need at least a doctor who can understand this sickness.;Marcel Proust;medical
A physician's physiology has much the same relation to his power of healing as a cleric's divinity has to his power of influencing conduct.;Samuel Butler;medical
You may not be able to read a doctor's handwriting and prescription, but you'll notice his bills are neatly typewritten.;Earl Wilson;medical
Modern medicine is a negation of health. It isn't organized to serve human health, but only itself, as an institution. It makes more people sick than it heals.;Ivan Illich;medical
Whenever a doctor cannot do good, he must be kept from doing harm.;Hippocrates;medical
The best doctor is the one you run to and can't find.;Denis Diderot;medical
I was going to have cosmetic surgery until I noticed that the doctor's office was full of portraits by Picasso.;Rita Rudner;medical
As a medical doctor, it is my duty to evaluate the situation with as much data as I can gather and as much expertise as I have and as much experience as I have to determine whether or not the wish of the patient is medically justified.;Jack Kevorkian;medical
Time is generally the best doctor.;Ovid;medical
My doctor gave me six months to live, but when I couldn't pay the bill he gave me six months more.;Walter Matthau;medical
When I told my doctor I couldn't afford an operation, he offered to touch-up my X-rays.;Henny Youngman;medical
The great secret of doctors, known only to their wives, but still hidden from the public, is that most things get better by themselves most things, in fact, are better in the morning.;Lewis Thomas;medical
Medicine sometimes snatches away health, sometimes gives it.;Ovid;medical
I was always shocked when I went to the doctor's office and they did my X-ray and didn't find that I had eight more ribs than I should have or that my blood was the color green.;Nicolas Cage;medical
In the name of Hypocrites, doctors have invented the most exquisite form of torture ever known to man: survival.;Edward Everett Hale;medical
The doctors x-rayed my head and found nothing.;Dizzy Dean;medical
I'm 86 and my doctor used to tell me to slow down - at least he did until he dropped dead.;Cesar Romero;medical
Some people think that doctors and nurses can put scrambled eggs back in the shell.;Cass Canfield;medical
You can die of the cure before you die of the illness.;Michael Landon;medical
People are so afraid of authority figures and doctors are authority figures.;Martha Beck;medical
The physician's highest calling, his only calling, is to make sick people healthy - to heal, as it is termed.;Samuel Hahnemann;medical
It is reasonable to expect the doctor to recognize that science may not have all the answers to problems of health and healing.;Norman Cousins;medical
Growing up, my dolls were doctors and on secret missions. I had Barbie Goes Rambo.;Zoe Saldana;medical
When a man goes through six years training to be a doctor he will never be the same. He knows too much.;Enid Bagnold;medical
Flying back from New York, the flight attendant said 'God, I wished you were here yesterday, we had a stroke on the plane. I said, if I have a stroke on a plane, I hope the pretend doctor isn't the one on the plane. I want a real doctor.;Anthony Edwards;medical
America has the best doctors, the best nurses, the best hospitals, the best medical technology, the best medical breakthrough medicines in the world. There is absolutely no reason we should not have in this country the best health care in the world.;Bill Frist;medical
I went to the doctor and he said I had acute appendicitis, and I said compared to who?;Jay London;medical
I'm strongly for a patient Bill of Rights. Decisions ought to be made by doctors, not accountants.;Charles Schumer;medical
I'm by no means condemning prescription medicine for mental health. I've seen it save a lot of people's lives.;Zach Braff;medical
Mammograms are really sort of a gift. You can either catch something early or count your lucky stars because nothing was discovered. Either way, you're ahead of the game.;Charlotte Ross;medical
If you look at the human condition today, not everyone is well fed, has access to good medical care, or the physical basics that provide for a healthy and a happy life.;Ralph Merkle;medical
Passion, you see, can be destroyed by a doctor. It cannot be created.;Peter Shaffer;medical
In the sick room, ten cents' worth of human understanding equals ten dollars' worth of medical science.;Martin H. Fischer;medical
Medical liability reform is not a Republican or Democrat issue or even a doctor versus lawyer issue. It is a patient issue.;John Ensign;medical
The art of medicine was to be properly learned only from its practice and its exercise.;Thomas Sydenham;medical
A pregnant woman facing the most dire circumstances must be able to count on her doctor to do what is medically necessary to protect her from serious physical harm.;Barbara Mikulski;medical
I got the bill for my surgery. Now I know what those doctors were wearing masks for.;James H. Boren;medical
Honestly, being a doctor could make you more close minded than regular people.;Alex Chiu;medical
As a physician, I know many doctors want to utilize new technology, but they find the cost prohibitive.;Nathan Deal;medical
I regret to this day that I never went to college. I feel I should have been a doctor.;Ty Cobb;medical
One has a greater sense of degradation after an interview with a doctor than from any human experience.;Alice James;medical
Doctors coin money when they do procedures but family medicine doesn't have any procedures.;David Jones;medical
If you want total security, go to prison. There you're fed, clothed, given medical care and so on. The only thing lacking... is freedom.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;medical
The Christian's Bible is a drug store. Its contents remain the same, but the medical practice changes.;Mark Twain;medical
You know, if I listened to Michael Dukakis long enough, I would be convinced we're in an economic downturn and people are homeless and going without food and medical attention and that we've got to do something about the unemployed.;Ronald Reagan;medical
These technologies can make life easier, can let us touch people we might not otherwise. You may have a child with a birth defect and be able to get in touch with other parents and support groups, get medical information, the latest experimental drugs. These things can profoundly influence life. I'm not downplaying that.;Steve Jobs;medical
We can't get to the $4 trillion in savings that we need by just cutting the 12 percent of the budget that pays for things like medical research and education funding and food inspectors and the weather service. And we can't just do it by making seniors pay more for Medicare.;Barack Obama;medical
I had the privilege of practicing medicine in the early '60s, before we had any government. It worked rather well, and there was nobody on the street suffering with no medical care.;Ron Paul;medical
If you're so pro-life, do me a favour: don't lock arms and block medical clinics. If you're so pro-life, lock arms and block cemeteries.;Bill Hicks;medical
Whenever the people are for gay marriage or medical marijuana or assisted suicide, suddenly the 'will of the people' goes out the window.;Bill Maher;medical
The rich man's dog gets more in the way of vaccination, medicine and medical care than do the workers upon whom the rich man's wealth is built.;Samora Machel;medical
Vaccination is the medical sacrament corresponding to baptism. Whether it is or is not more efficacious I do not know.;Samuel Butler;medical
Folks, the most insidious part of this whole health care scheme is that all of these vast medical expenditures will become nothing more than government budget items. We individuals will no longer exist. The relationship between a government and citizen will change forever.;Rush Limbaugh;medical
Completeness? Happiness? These words don't come close to describing my emotions. There truly is nothing I can say to capture what motherhood means to me, particularly given my medical history.;Anita Baker;medical
A Harvard Medical School study has determined that rectal thermometers are still the best way to tell a baby's temperature. Plus, it really teaches the baby who's boss.;Tina Fey;medical
I went to medical school because I wanted to ask the big questions. Do we have a soul? Does God exist? What happens after death?;Deepak Chopra;medical
No one should have to choose between medicine and other necessities. No one should have to use the emergency room every time a child gets sick. And no one should have to live in constant fear that a medical problem will become a financial crisis.;Brad Henry;medical
Medical science has proven time and again that when the resources are provided, great progress in the treatment, cure, and prevention of disease can occur.;Michael J. Fox;medical
It seems sensible to me that we should look to the medical profession, that over the centuries has helped us to live longer and healthier lives, to help us die peacefully among our loved ones in our own home without a long stay in God's waiting room.;Terry Pratchett;medical
I believe it should be possible for someone stricken with a serious and ultimately fatal illness to choose to die peacefully with medical help, rather than suffer.;Terry Pratchett;medical
Finish last in your league and they call you idiot. Finish last in medical school and they call you doctor.;Abe Lemons;medical
A retired teacher paid $62,000 towards her pension and nothing, yes nothing, for full family medical, dental and vision coverage over her entire career. What will we pay her? $1.4 million in pension benefits and another $215,000 in health care benefit premiums over her lifetime.;Chris Christie;medical
The medical literature tells us that the most effective ways to reduce the risk of heart disease, cancer, stroke, diabetes, Alzheimer's, and many more problems are through healthy diet and exercise. Our bodies have evolved to move, yet we now use the energy in oil instead of muscles to do our work.;David Suzuki;medical
Against the State, against the Church, against the silence of the medical profession, against the whole machinery of dead institutions of the past, the woman of today arises.;Margaret Sanger;medical
Stay out of the sun, because it is the worst thing in terms of aging. I'm very medical. I come from a medical family.;Nicole Kidman;medical
What's important at the grocery store is just as important in engines or medical systems. If the customer isn't satisfied, if the stuff is getting stale, if the shelf isn't right, or if the offerings aren't right, it's the same thing. You manage it like a small organization. You don't get hung up on zeros.;Jack Welch;medical
Information on how to heal autism and how to possibly delay vaccines or prevent autism shouldn't come from me. It should come from the medical establishment.;Jenny McCarthy;medical
I have been recently diagnosed with Sjogren's Syndrome, an autoimmune disease which is an ongoing medical condition that affects my energy level and causes fatigue and joint pain.;Venus Williams;medical
Civil and political rights are critical, but not often the real problem for the destitute sick. My patients in Haiti can now vote but they can't get medical care or clean water.;Paul Farmer;medical
I know we can't always know what medical surprises may happen during childbirth. But my hope is to go fully natural - no epidural, no interventions. Wish me luck.;Danica McKellar;medical
But I contend that if we're providing total medical coverage for every man, woman, and child in Iraq, shouldn't we at least be doing the same thing for every man, woman, and child in the United States?;Tony Campolo;medical
Money has transformed every watchdog, every independent authority. Medical doctors are increasingly gulled by the lobbying of pharmaceutical salesmen.;Thomas Frank;medical
Liberal that I am, I support health-care reform on its merits alone. My liberal blood boils, for example, when I read that half of the personal bankruptcies in this country are brought on, in part, by medical expenses.;Thomas Frank;medical
My dad's a doctor, and when I was 8, I went to one of his medical conferences where they were demonstrating laser surgery on a chicken. I was so mad that a chicken had to die, I never ate meat again.;Natalie Portman;medical
I first wanted to be a psychiatrist. I decided against that in medical school when I discovered that psychiatrists didn't, in reality, do what they did on TV.;Benjamin Carson;medical
Over the years my mother's steadfast faith in God has inspired me, particularly when I had to perform extremely difficult surgical procedures or when I found myself faced with my own medical scare.;Benjamin Carson;medical
I think first and foremost everybody should understand that Canadians are strongly committed to the system of universal health insurance, to the principle that your ability to pay does not determine your access to critical medical service.;Stephen Harper;medical
The best way to reduce the cost of medical care is to reduce the illness.;Arlen Specter;medical
If we can reduce the cost and improve the quality of medical technology through advances in nanotechnology, we can more widely address the medical conditions that are prevalent and reduce the level of human suffering.;Ralph Merkle;medical
My parents and grandparents have always been engaged in teaching or the medical profession or the priesthood, so I've sort of grown up with a sense of complicity in the lives of other people, so there's no virtue in that it's the way one is raised.;Colin Firth;medical
Medical knowledge and technical savvy are biodegradable. The sort of medicine that was practiced in Boston or New York or Atlanta fifty years ago would be as strange to a medical student or intern today as the ceremonial dance of a !Kung San tribe would seem to a rock festival audience in Hackensack.;Lewis Thomas;medical
The dilemma of modern medicine, and the underlying central flaw in medical education and, most of all, in the training of interns, is the irresistible drive to do something, anything. It is expected by patients and too often agreed to by their doctors, in the face of ignorance.;Lewis Thomas;medical
It worries me about our unwillingness to really address reforms and modernization in Medicare. This thing was designed 37 years ago. It has not evolved to keep pace with current medical technology.;John Sununu;medical
Mind you, I've always been a very off-message type of fat broad one who gladly admits she reached the size she is now solely through lack of discipline and love of pleasure, and who rather despises people (except those with proven medical conditions) who pretend that it is generally otherwise.;Julie Burchill;medical
