Faith given back to us after a night of doubt is a stronger thing, and far more valuable to us than faith that has never been tested.;Elizabeth Goudge;faith
My faith, inasmuch as I have any, is more like a kind of Joseph Campbell thing, and even that frequently finds itself tested to oblivion in siren waters.;David Knopfler;faith
The principal end both of my father and of myself in the conquest of India... has been the propagation of the holy Catholic faith.;Ignatius Loyola;faith
And in that I cannot send unto you all my businesses in writing, I despatch these present bearers fully informed in all things, to whom it may please you to give faith and credence in what they shall say unto you by word of mouth.;Owen Glendower;faith
I'm an enormous fan of people who have had a lot of faith in themselves, and been on a tremendous journey.;Joanna Trollope;faith
I've always had great faith in people.;Wayne Newton;faith
Faith is a higher faculty than reason.;H. C. Bailey;faith
I've always had great faith in the Man Upstairs.;Wayne Newton;faith
I believe though I do not comprehend, and I hold by faith what I cannot grasp with the mind.;Saint Bernard;faith
Testimony is an integral part of the Black religious tradition. It is the occasion where the believer stands before the community of faith in order to give account of the hope that is in him or her.;James Hal Cone;faith
I'll never stop dreaming that one day we can be a real family, together, all of us laughing and talking, loving and understanding, not looking at the past but only to the future.;LaToya Jackson;family
If a country is to be corruption free and become a nation of beautiful minds, I strongly feel there are three key societal members who can make a difference. They are the father, the mother and the teacher.;Abdul Kalam;family
Family means no one gets left behind or forgotten.;David Ogden Stiers;family
The love of family and the admiration of friends is much more important than wealth and privilege.;Charles Kuralt;family
Sister is probably the most competitive relationship within the family, but once the sisters are grown, it becomes the strongest relationship.;Margaret Mead;family
Family is not an important thing. It's everything.;Michael J. Fox;family
Family is the most important thing in the world.;Princess Diana;family
A family can develop only with a loving woman as its center.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;family
A happy family is but an earlier heaven.;George Bernard Shaw;family
A woman can take care of the family. It takes a man to provide structure, to provide stability.;Tom DeLay;family
A man should never neglect his family for business.;Walt Disney;family
If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance.;George Bernard Shaw;family
The greatest thing in family life is to take a hint when a hint is intended-and not to take a hint when a hint isn't intended.;Robert Frost;family
He who is overly attached to his family members experiences fear and sorrow, for the root of all grief is attachment. Thus one should discard attachment to be happy.;Chanakya;family
Insanity runs in my family. It practically gallops.;Cary Grant;family
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.;Desmond Tutu;family
America cannot continue to lead the family of nations around the world if we suffer the collapse of the family here at home.;Mitt Romney;family
People are pretty forgiving when it comes to other people's families. The only family that ever horrifies you is your own.;Doug Coupland;family
My family comes first. Maybe that's what makes me different from other guys.;Bobby Darin;family
If God can work through me, he can work through anyone.;Francis of Assisi;family
Cherish your human connections - your relationships with friends and family.;Barbara Bush;family
Spend some time this weekend on home improvement improve your attitude toward your family.;Bo Bennett;family
I come from that society and there is a common thread, specifically family values - the idea that you do anything for your family, and the unconditional love for one's children.;Ednita Nazario;family
Without a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold.;Andre Maurois;family
All of us grow up in particular realities - a home, family, a clan, a small town, a neighborhood. Depending upon how we're brought up, we are either deeply aware of the particular reading of reality into which we are born, or we are peripherally aware of it.;Chaim Potok;family
Dad kept us out of school, but school comes and goes. Family is forever.;Charlie Sheen;family
To us, family means putting your arms around each other and being there.;Barbara Bush;family
The family is one of nature's masterpieces.;George Santayana;family
My family is my strength and my weakness.;Aishwarya Rai;family
I was born into the most remarkable and eccentric family I could possibly have hoped for.;Maureen O'Hara;family
Rarely do members of the same family grow up under the same roof.;Richard Bach;family
I woke up one morning thinking about wolves and realized that wolf packs function as families. Everyone has a role, and if you act within the parameters of your role, the whole pack succeeds, and when that falls apart, so does the pack.;Jodi Picoult;family
A family is a place where principles are hammered and honed on the anvil of everyday living.;Charles R. Swindoll;family
The only rock I know that stays steady, the only institution I know that works, is the family.;Lee Iacocca;family
Maybe there is no actual place called hell. Maybe hell is just having to listen to our grandparents breathe through their noses when they're eating sandwiches.;Jim Carrey;family
If one is desperate for love, I suggest looking at one's friends and family and see if love is all around. If not, get a new set of friends, a new family.;Jasmine Guy;family
The children have been a wonderful gift to me, and I'm thankful to have once again seen our world through their eyes. They restore my faith in the family's future.;Jackie Kennedy;family
When trouble comes, it's your family that supports you.;Guy Lafleur;family
Give a little love to a child, and you get a great deal back.;John Ruskin;family
Little children are still the symbol of the eternal marriage between love and duty.;George Eliot;family
I think togetherness is a very important ingredient to family life.;Barbara Bush;family
First and foremost comes my family and my life with Brad. We have so much joy in raising our children and teaching them about the world that nothing really compares to that.;Angelina Jolie;family
One's family is the most important thing in life. I look at it this way: One of these days I'll be over in a hospital somewhere with four walls around me. And the only people who'll be with me will be my family.;Robert Byrd;family
Dignity is not negotiable. Dignity is the honor of the family.;Vartan Gregorian;family
My father used to play with my brother and me in the yard. Mother would come out and say, 'You're tearing up the grass' 'We're not raising grass,' Dad would reply. 'We're raising boys.';Harmon Killebrew;family
The family is the first essential cell of human society.;Pope John XXIII;family
One of the things that binds us as a family is a shared sense of humor.;Ralph Fiennes;family
The family is the test of freedom because the family is the only thing that the free man makes for himself and by himself.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;family
For me, nothing has ever taken precedence over being a mother and having a family and a home.;Jessica Lange;family
When you have a godly husband, a godly wife, children who respect their parents and who are loved by their parents, who provide for those children their physical and spiritual and material needs, lovingly, you have the ideal unit.;Jerry Falwell;family
Both within the family and without, our sisters hold up our mirrors: our images of who we are and of who we can dare to be.;Elizabeth Fishel;family
In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future.;Alex Haley;family
The family you come from isn't as important as the family you're going to have.;Ring Lardner;family
What must it be like for a little boy to read that daddy never loved mummy?;Princess Diana;family
It's very strange that most people don't care if their knowledge of their family history only goes back three generations.;Doug Coupland;family
I've given it my all. I've done my best. Now, I'm ready with my family to begin the next phase of our lives.;Richard M. Daley;family
I am the baby in the family, and I always will be. I am actually very happy to have that position. But I still get teased. I don't mind that.;Janet Jackson;family
As a general thing, when a woman wears the pants in a family, she has a good right to them.;Josh Billings;family
The family is the nucleus of civilization.;Will Durant;family
I've always put my family first and that's just the way it is.;Jamie Lee Curtis;family
I don't think anyone has a normal family.;Edward Furlong;family
I never did quite fit the glamour mode. It is life with my husband and family that is my high now.;Patty Duke;family
There's nothing I value more than the closeness of friends and family, a smile as I pass someone on the street.;Willie Stargell;family
My kids give me the balance to live right.;Celine Dion;family
There is no such thing as fun for the whole family.;Jerry Seinfeld;family
Tennis just a game, family is forever.;Serena Williams;family
I have frequently been questioned, especially by women, of how I could reconcile family life with a scientific career. Well, it has not been easy.;Marie Curie;family
I believe the world is one big family, and we need to help each other.;Jet Li;family
When I was younger, my family would go camping and fishing on our ranches. My dad loves being around all kinds of animals. He's the one who got me to be a really big animal lover.;Paris Hilton;family
I grew up in a big family with a lot of kids around, and I definitely want to have children as well.;Heidi Klum;family
My life comes down to three moments: the death of my father, meeting my husband, and the birth of my daughter. Everything I did previous to that just doesn't seem to add up to very much.;Gwyneth Paltrow;family
The attempt to redefine the family as a purely voluntary arrangement grows out of the modern delusion that people can keep all their options open all the time.;Christopher Lasch;family
It is extraordinary that when you are acquainted with a whole family you can forget about them.;Gertrude Stein;family
It takes a lot of work to put together a marriage, to put together a family and a home.;Elizabeth Edwards;family
Family life itself, that safest, most traditional, most approved of female choices, is not a sanctuary: It is, perpetually, a dangerous place.;Margaret Drabble;family
A family is a risky venture, because the greater the love, the greater the loss... That's the trade-off. But I'll take it all.;Brad Pitt;family
You leave home to seek your fortune and, when you get it, you go home and share it with your family.;Anita Baker;family
I mean, I look at my dad. He was twenty when he started having a family, and he was always the coolest dad. He did everything for his kids, and he never made us feel like he was pressured. I know that it must be a great feeling to be a guy like that.;Adam Sandler;family
I find the family the most mysterious and fascinating institution in the world.;Amos Oz;family
Pray in your family daily, that yours may be in the number of the families who call upon God.;Christopher Love;family
If we abandon marriage, we abandon the family.;Michael Enzi;family
I am tortured when I am away from my family, from my children. I am horribly guilt-ridden.;Jessica Lange;family
The left dismisses talk about the collapse of family life and talks instead about the emergence of the growing new diversity of family types.;Christopher Lasch;family
Women's natural role is to be a pillar of the family.;Grace Kelly;family
Some of the most important conversations I've ever had occurred at my family's dinner table.;Bob Ehrlich;family
It's not that our family has no taste, it's just that our family's taste is inconsistent.;Dave Eggers;family
A woman should be home with the children, building that home and making sure there's a secure family atmosphere.;Mel Gibson;family
I consider my mom and all my sisters my friends.;Alexa Vega;family
A woman can plan when to have her family and how to support a family.;Kathleen Turner;family
