Love is being stupid together.;Paul Valery;love
Love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself.;Andre Breton;love
It is difficult to know at what moment love begins it is less difficult to know that it has begun.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;love
How absurd and delicious it is to be in love with somebody younger than yourself. Everybody should try it.;Barbara Pym;love
In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two.;Erich Fromm;love
When love is not madness, it is not love.;Pedro Calderon de la Barca;love
The love we give away is the only love we keep.;Elbert Hubbard;love
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit.;Peter Ustinov;love
Blessed is the influence of one true, loving human soul on another.;George Eliot;love
To love another person is to see the face of God.;Victor Hugo;love
A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving.;Cyrano de Bergerac;love
Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence.;Erich Fromm;love
Absence - that common cure of love.;Lord Byron;love
Life is the flower for which love is the honey.;Victor Hugo;love
The only abnormality is the incapacity to love.;Anais Nin;love
There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;love
Love consists in this, that two solitudes protect and touch and greet each other.;Rainer Maria Rilke;love
Be of love a little more careful than of anything.;e. e. cummings;love
Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.;Emily Bronte;love
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.;James A. Baldwin;love
A new command I give you: Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one another.;Jesus Christ;love
Love is supreme and unconditional like is nice but limited.;Duke Ellington;love
Gestures, in love, are incomparably more attractive, effective and valuable than words.;Francois Rabelais;love
Looking back, I have this to regret, that too often when I loved, I did not say so.;David Grayson;love
I love that feeling of being in love, the effect of having butterflies when you wake up in the morning. That is special.;Jennifer Aniston;love
I believe in the compelling power of love. I do not understand it. I believe it to be the most fragrant blossom of all this thorny existence.;Theodore Dreiser;love
Lord, grant that I might not so much seek to be loved as to love.;Francis of Assisi;love
Sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence.;David Byrne;love
There is a woman at the begining of all great things.;Alphonse de Lamartine;love
Love knows not distance it hath no continent its eyes are for the stars.;Gilbert Parker;love
The sweetest of all sounds is that of the voice of the woman we love.;Jean de la Bruyere;love
The degree of loving is measured by the degree of giving.;Edwin Louis Cole;love
People think love is an emotion. Love is good sense.;Ken Kesey;love
Love is the only reality and it is not a mere sentiment. It is the ultimate truth that lies at the heart of creation.;Rabindranath Tagore;love
Love is the greatest refreshment in life.;Pablo Picasso;love
There is only one kind of love, but there are a thousand imitations.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;love
Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another.;H. L. Mencken;love
If you wished to be loved, love.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;love
Love is my religion - I could die for it.;John Keats;love
Tell me who admires and loves you, and I will tell you who you are.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;love
Love shall be our token love be yours and love be mine.;Christina Rossetti;love
He is not a lover who does not love forever.;Euripides;love
Love is the hardest habit to break, and the most difficult to satisfy.;Drew Barrymore;love
When we are in love we seem to ourselves quite different from what we were before.;Blaise Pascal;love
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.;Ferdinand Foch;love
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other.;Euripides;love
Choose your love, Love your choice.;Thomas S. Monson;love
Falling in love consists merely in uncorking the imagination and bottling the common sense.;Helen Rowland;love
Love is an emotion experienced by the many and enjoyed by the few.;George Jean Nathan;love
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world.;Emmet Fox;love
To witness two lovers is a spectacle for the gods.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;love
Love means to commit yourself without guarantee.;Anne Campbell;love
Follow love and it will flee, flee love and it will follow thee.;John Gay;love
The way to know life is to love many things.;Vincent Van Gogh;love
Your words are my food, your breath my wine. You are everything to me.;Sarah Bernhardt;love
The fact is that love is of two kinds, one which commands, and one which obeys. The two are quite distinct, and the passion to which the one gives rise is not the passion of the other.;Honore de Balzac;love
Love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve continuation of the species.;W. Somerset Maugham;love
Down on your knees, and thank heaven, fasting, for a good man's love.;Euripides;love
Love takes up where knowledge leaves off.;Thomas Aquinas;love
Fortune and love favor the brave.;Ovid;love
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved: It is God's finger on man's shoulder.;Charles Morgan;love
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.;Aphra Behn;love
Love is suffering. One side always loves more.;Catherine Deneuve;love
Love is what you've been through with somebody.;James Thurber;love
Love looks through a telescope envy, through a microscope.;Josh Billings;love
Love in its essence is spiritual fire.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;love
There are never enough I Love You's.;Lenny Bruce;love
Love is always being given where it is not required.;E. M. Forster;love
Friendship is Love without his wings!;Lord Byron;love
Come live with me and be my love, And we will all the pleasures prove, That valleys, groves, hills, and fields, Woods, or steepy mountain yields.;Christopher Marlowe;love
The truth is that there is only one terminal dignity - love. And the story of a love is not important - what is important is that one is capable of love. It is perhaps the only glimpse we are permitted of eternity.;Helen Hayes;love
We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence, and its only end.;Benjamin Disraeli;love
Love is the poetry of the senses.;Honore de Balzac;love
There is always something left to love. And if you ain't learned that, you ain't learned nothing.;Lorraine Hansberry;love
Love means to love that which is unlovable or it is no virtue at all.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;love
People who throw kisses are hopelessly lazy.;Bob Hope;love
Love is not only something you feel, it is something you do.;David Wilkerson;love
Love is the great miracle cure. Loving ourselves works miracles in our lives.;Louise L. Hay;love
In every living thing there is the desire for love.;David Herbert Lawrence;love
Love is but the discovery of ourselves in others, and the delight in the recognition.;Alexander Smith;love
For love is immortality.;Emily Dickinson;love
We may give without loving, but we cannot love without giving.;Bernard Meltzer;love
Love conquers all.;Virgil;love
Sometimes it's hard to be a woman giving all your love to just one man.;Tammy Wynette;love
To love abundantly is to live abundantly, and to love forever is to live forever.;Henry Drummond;love
Love is that splendid triggering of human vitality the supreme activity which nature affords anyone for going out of himself toward someone else.;Jose Ortega y Gasset;love
When you love a man, he becomes more than a body. His physical limbs expand, and his outline recedes, vanishes. He is rich and sweet and right. He is part of the world, the atmosphere, the blue sky and the blue water.;Gwendolyn Brooks;love
If you can learn to love yourself and all the flaws, you can love other people so much better. And that makes you so happy.;Kristin Chenoweth;love
Say what you will, 'tis better to be left than never to have been loved.;William Congreve;love
Sympathy constitutes friendship but in love there is a sort of antipathy, or opposing passion. Each strives to be the other, and both together make up one whole.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;love
Love is the power to see similarity in the dissimilar.;Theodor Adorno;love
If thou must love me, let it be for naught except for love's sake only.;Elizabeth Barrett Browning;love
Take away love and our earth is a tomb.;Robert Browning;love
Love is the word used to label the sexual excitement of the young, the habituation of the middle-aged, and the mutual dependence of the old.;John Ciardi;love
Love is the child of illusion and the parent of disillusion.;Miguel de Unamuno;love
Do you have to have a reason for loving?;Brigitte Bardot;love
The first magic of love is our ignorance that it can ever end.;Benjamin Disraeli;love
Love's greatest gift is its ability to make everything it touches sacred.;Barbara de Angelis;love
The quarrels of lovers are the renewal of love.;Jean Racine;love
