I have said, with respect to authorization bills, that I do not want the Congress or the country to commit fiscal suicide on the installment plan.;Everett Dirksen;respect
I certainly respect other people's opinions, but I would not vote for a woman to be the pastor of a church.;Charles Stanley;respect
As far as loneliness, I feel Los Angeles and its layout, having to drive everywhere - it is a lonely place. It's an isolated city in that respect because you're driving to places alone listening to the radio.;Jason Schwartzman;respect
I am a feminist, and what that means to me is much the same as the meaning of the fact that I am Black: it means that I must undertake to love myself and to respect myself as though my very life depends upon self-love and self-respect.;June Jordan;respect
I don't envy or much respect people who are completely politicised.;Christopher Hitchens;respect
I'm free. I just do what I want, say what I want, say how I feel, and I don't try to hurt nobody. I just try to make sure that I don't compromise my art in any kind of way, and I think people respect that.;Erykah Badu;respect
If someone lacked decency or respect, I didn't allow that person to stay in my world.;Gabrielle Union;respect
The duty of man is the same in respect to his own nature as in respect to the nature of all other things, namely not to follow it but to amend it.;John Stuart Mill;respect
There was no respect for youth when I was young, and now that I am old, there is no respect for age, I missed it coming and going.;J. B. Priestley;respect
I looked at some of the statues of Jesus they were just stones with no life. When they said that God is three, I was puzzled even more but could not argue. I believed it, simply because I had to have respect for the faith of my parents.;Cat Stevens;respect
I got all the respect in the world for the front-runners in this race, but ask yourself: If we replace a Democratic insider with a Republican insider, you think we're really going to change Washington, D.C.? You don't have to settle for Washington and Wall Street insiders who supported the Wall Street bailout and the Obamacare individual mandate.;Rick Perry;respect
I think the way to keep a friendship is to respect that everybody is different.;Emma Bunton;respect
You can't buy back your respect you can't buy back your career. You only get one, so I don't want to mess that up.;Shia LaBeouf;respect
Goodness and hard work are rewarded with respect.;Luther Campbell;respect
It is time to return to core values, time to get back to basics , to self-discipline and respect for the law, to consideration for the others, to accepting responsibility for yourself and your family - and not shuffling it off on other people and the state.;John Major;respect
Respect for another man's opinion is worthy. It is the realization that any opinion is valuable, for it is the sign of a rational being.;Sargent Shriver;respect
When you have that respect from your teammates, it makes it a lot more comfortable.;LeBron James;respect
Humility is a great quality of leadership which derives respect and not just fear or hatred.;Yousef Munayyer;respect
Live with integrity, respect the rights of other people, and follow your own bliss.;Nathaniel Branden;respect
The idea that you earn things - that you earn respect, that you earn income, responsibility. the vote, punishment... these ideas are anathema to the liberal mind.;Dennis Prager;respect
When I'm getting to know someone, I look for someone who has passions that I respect, like his career. Someone who loves what he does is really attractive.;Taylor Swift;respect
Here's my gift-giving rule: Respect your current financial situation.;Suze Orman;respect
There is a lovable quality about the actual tools. One feels so kindly to the thing that enables the hand to obey the brain. Moreover, one feels a good deal of respect for it without it the brain and the hand would be helpless.;Gertrude Jekyll;respect
Like the average American that I hang out with, and like my father before me, I raised all my children to respect tools and use them wisely and safely.;Ted Nugent;respect
I will not speak with disrespect of the Republican Party. I always speak with respect of the past.;Woodrow Wilson;respect
I think somehow men understand other men's need for respect differently than they understand it for a woman. I'm disappointed to have to say that, but I think it's undeniably true.;Carly Fiorina;respect
In religious and in secular affairs, the more fervent beliefs attract followers. If you are a moderate in any respect - if you're a moderate on abortion, if you're a moderate on gun control, or if you're a moderate in your religious faith - it doesn't evolve into a crusade where you're either right or wrong, good or bad, with us or against us.;Jimmy Carter;respect
I respect only those who resist me, but I cannot tolerate them.;Charles de Gaulle;respect
For this reason, the expansion of relations with all countries is on the agenda of the Islamic Republic of Iran. I mean balanced relationships, based on mutual respect and observation of each other's rights.;Mahmoud Ahmadinejad;respect
Well, unfortunately, I have always regretted the fact that I have a temper, but I also have, you know, have great love and respect for all of the people that have worked for me. I think like everything else, this is one of those things that has been blown out of proportion.;Norman Schwarzkopf;respect
To get down to the quick of it, respect motivates me - not success.;Hugh Jackman;respect
As you get older you have more respect and empathy for your parents. Now I have a great relationship with both of them.;Hugh Jackman;respect
What I respect as far as in myself and in others is the spirit of just doing it. For better or worse, it may work and it may not, but I'm going to go for it. Ultimately I probably prefer to be respected for that than whether it works out or not, either winning or losing.;Hugh Jackman;respect
Aging has a wonderful beauty and we should have respect for that.;Eartha Kitt;respect
The trouble with music appreciation in general is that people are taught to have too much respect for music they should be taught to love it instead.;Igor Stravinsky;respect
All men are somewhat ridiculous and grotesque, just because they are men and in this respect artists might well be regarded as man multiplied by two. So it is, was, and shall be.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;respect
When I approach a child, he inspires in me two sentiments tenderness for what he is, and respect for what he may become.;Louis Pasteur;respect
I'm a good girl because I really believe in love, integrity, and respect.;Katy Perry;respect
A man acquainted with history may, in some respect, be said to have lived from the beginning of the world, and to have been making continual additions to his stock of knowledge in every century.;David Hume;respect
I really don't spend any time on the Internet, so I guess I live a little under a rock in that respect.;Christina Aguilera;respect
Acting is something I love. It's a great craft that I have a lot of respect for. But I don't think it's any greater challenge than teaching 8-year-olds or any other career. In my life, I try not to make it more important than it is and I just hope that rubs off on the people around me.;Hugh Jackman;respect
So it's kind of nervous to be in this situation, but at the same time you look at all those actors and the work that they've done, I've been in bigger films than all of them and still kept my integrity and still kept my respect.;Shia LaBeouf;respect
I turned down twelve films last year... Huge money films, but I had no respect for the writer or the work.;Shia LaBeouf;respect
I like messing around, and I like working with artists who I respect.;Shia LaBeouf;respect
I have no respect for the passion of equality, which seems to me merely idealizing envy.;Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.;respect
The Masters is where I won my first major, and I view this tournament with great respect. After a long and necessary time away from the game, I feel like I'm ready to start my season at Augusta.;Tiger Woods;respect
I will have to earn trust and respect from my kids.;Tiger Woods;respect
Some people lose all respect for the lion unless he devours them instantly. There is no pleasing some people.;Will Cuppy;respect
If there is one realm in which it is essential to be sublime, it is in wickedness. You spit on a petty thief, but you can't deny a kind of respect for the great criminal.;Denis Diderot;respect
I respect a woman too much to marry her.;Sylvester Stallone;respect
Talk to people in their own language. If you do it well, they'll say, 'God, he said exactly what I was thinking.' And when they begin to respect you, they'll follow you to the death.;Lee Iacocca;respect
Men who love their mothers treat women wonderfully. And they have enormous respect for women.;Ellen Barkin;respect
Parents need to teach their children principles of respect and acceptance.;Zachary Quinto;respect
It takes no compromising to give people their rights. It takes no money to respect the individual. It takes no survey to remove repressions.;Harvey Milk;respect
You have to have enough respect for other human beings to leave their lives alone. If you admire that life, build it for yourself. Don't just try to come in and take somebody else's life.;Elizabeth Edwards;respect
A lot of the powerful religious leaders, from Jesus to Buddha to Tibetan monks, they're really talking about the same things: love and acceptable, and the value of friendship, and respecting yourself so you can respect others.;Jena Malone;respect
One of the surprising things in this world is the respect a worthless man has for himself.;E. W. Howe;respect
We must have great respect for these people who also suffer and who want to find their own way of correct living. On the other hand, to create a legal form of a kind of homosexual marriage, in reality, does not help these people.;Joseph Ratzinger;respect
I've always had great respect for Paddington because he is amusingly English and eccentric. He is a great British institution and my generation grew up with the books and then Michael Horden's animations.;Stephen Fry;respect
The companies that survive longest are the one's that work out what they uniquely can give to the world not just growth or money but their excellence, their respect for others, or their ability to make people happy. Some call those things a soul.;Charles Handy;respect
I think of marriage as a garden. You have to tend to it. Respect it, take care of it, feed it. Make sure everyone is getting the right amount of, um, sunlight.;Mark Ruffalo;respect
Mankind's true moral test, its fundamental test (which lies deeply buried from view), consists of its attitude towards those who are at its mercy: animals. And in this respect mankind has suffered a fundamental debacle, a debacle so fundamental that all others stem from it.;Milan Kundera;respect
I don't regret anything I ever do or say. I don't like to live my life being censored. I like to say what I feel, and I think people respect that because you're honest.;Eva Longoria;respect
By deafness one gains in one respect more than one loses one misses more nonsense than sense.;Horace Walpole;respect
Manners are like the shadows of virtues, they are the momentary display of those qualities which our fellow creatures love and respect.;Sydney Smith;respect
We shall listen, not lecture learn, not threaten. We will enhance our safety by earning the respect of others and showing respect for them. In short, our foreign policy will rest on the traditional American values of restraint and empathy, not on military might.;Theodore C. Sorensen;respect
If I respect myself and believe in what I'm doing, no one can touch me.;Fiona Apple;respect
Men naturally despise those who court them, but respect those who do not give way to them.;Thucydides;respect
I really hope my peers appreciate and respect what I'm doing.;Shania Twain;respect
Society as a whole benefits immeasurably from a climate in which all persons, regardless of race or gender, may have the opportunity to earn respect, responsibility, advancement and remuneration based on ability.;Sandra Day O'Connor;respect
Today's consumers are eager to become loyal fans of companies that respect purposeful capitalism. They are not opposed to companies making a profit indeed, they may even be investors in these companies - but at the core, they want more empathic, enlightened corporations that seek a balance between profit and purpose.;Simon Mainwaring;respect
I don't have any respect at all for the scum-bags who went to Canada to avoid the draft or to avoid doing their fair share.;R. Lee Ermey;respect
A blank wall of social and professional antagonism faces the woman physician that forms a situation of singular and painful loneliness, leaving her without support, respect or professional counsel.;Elizabeth Blackwell;respect
At the time of Polaroid - and I did a couple of other commercials just before I stopped doing that stuff - at that point I was at the level where they respect you and your opinion and all that sort of thing.;Jim Henson;respect
I respect the astute and rigorously unsentimental David Horowitz as one of America's most original and courageous political analysts. He has the true 1960s spirit - audacious and irreverent, yet passionately engaged and committed to social change.;Camille Paglia;respect
You demand respect and you'll get it. First of all, you give respect.;Mary J. Blige;respect
I think the most important thing in life is self-love, because if you don't have self-love, and respect for everything about your own body, your own soul, your own capsule, then how can you have an authentic relationship with anyone else?;Shailene Woodley;respect
Anglo-Saxon civilization has taught the individual to protect his own rights American civilization will teach him to respect the rights of others.;William Jennings Bryan;respect
Part of our essential humanity is paying respect to what God gave us and what will be here a long time after we're gone.;William J. Clinton;respect
I was lucky enough to be the lady that was asked to be Maria in the Sound Of Music, and that film was fortunate enough to be huge hit. The same with Mary Poppins. I got terribly lucky in that respect.;Julie Andrews;respect
At sea a fellow comes out. Salt water is like wine, in that respect.;Herman Melville;respect
Another thing that's pathetic is this rule that you have to look ugly to get respect as an actress. Jessica Lange had to make herself look really bad to prove that she had amazing talent.;Kevyn Aucoin;respect
Ardent love or desire introduced, as passionately longing to please and glorify the Divine Being, to be in every respect conformed to him, and in that way to enjoy him.;David Brainerd;respect
I want to be with someone who wants to work as much as I do and who respects me like I respect him.;Ashley Tisdale;respect
But it's important, while we are supporting lessons in respecting others, to remember that many of our youngest kids need to learn to respect themselves. You learn your worth from the way you are treated.;Anna Quindlen;respect
You can have a certain arrogance, and I think that's fine, but what you should never lose is the respect for the others.;Steffi Graf;respect
What the Beatles did was something incredible, it was more than what a band could do. We have to give them respect.;Yoko Ono;respect
I just want to work, and learn from people I respect and admire.;Sienna Miller;respect
The Rooneys are very classy. They're very deliberate with their decision-making. Once you're part of that family, Steeler nation, they treat you with respect. You don't have a lot of rambunctious players running around.;Tony Dorsett;respect
Growing up in northern California has had a big influence on my love and respect for the outdoors. When I lived in Oakland, we would think nothing of driving to Half Moon Bay and Santa Cruz one day and then driving to the foothills of the Sierras the next day.;Tom Hanks;respect
He who does not accept and respect those who want to reject life does not truly accept and respect life itself.;Thomas Szasz;respect
Judi Dench and Ian McKellen taught me how to work hard and respect the theatre.;Francesca Annis;respect
We must have great respect for these people who also suffer and who want to find their own way of correct living. On the other hand, to create a legal form of a kind of homosexual marriage, in reality, does not help these people.;Pope Benedict XVI;respect
My faith is very private to me. It plays an important part in my life, but I do not try and throw my beliefs at others. I have tremendous respect for all faiths and beliefs, but have a deep concern that religion and faith are currently a long way apart from each other.;Rick Wakeman;respect
Do dirt, get dirt. So I treat people with the same respect that I want.;DMX;respect
So I really would like to see both parties respond to the poor with greater commitment. But I've got to tell you, the Democrats, I feel, are doing a better job in that respect than Republicans are.;Tony Campolo;respect
Awe and respect are two different things.;Oliver Reed;respect
A man's real life is that accorded to him in the thoughts of other men by reason of respect or natural love.;Joseph Conrad;respect
There's one advantage in having been around as long as I have. Everybody in the Senate knows me, and - I'm going to say something presumptuous, to repeat myself - I think most respect me.;Joe Biden;respect
