I'm a romantic slob!;Willie Nelson;romantic
I don't get off on romantic parts. But I often think if I had had my dental work done early on, well, maybe.;Morgan Freeman;romantic
I can't remember a time when I didn't want to be a reporter. I don't know where I got the idea that it was a romantic calling.;Charles Kuralt;romantic
Now that I look back on it, having retired from being a reporter, it was kind of romantic. It was a wonderful way to live one's life, just as I imagined it would be when I was 6 or 7.;Charles Kuralt;romantic
The amount of speculation surrounding my romantic life is astounding. It's strange how involved people get: invested and angry, really disappointed.;Sienna Miller;romantic
Vinyl is the real deal. I've always felt like, until you buy the vinyl record, you don't really own the album. And it's not just me or a little pet thing or some kind of retro romantic thing from the past. It is still alive.;Jack White;romantic
I love romantic comedies. I like to watch them and I like to be in them. It's something that's increasingly difficult to find that spark of originality that makes if different than the ones that come before.;Julia Roberts;romantic
That's what I like about film-it can be bizarre, classic, normal, romantic. Cinema is to me the most versatile thing.;Catherine Deneuve;romantic
I'm not a romantic. In life I didn't have much experience with romance.;Ang Lee;romantic
I'm a hopeless romantic with a dirty mind.;Leelee Sobieski;romantic
I was blinded by being a romantic person.;Sienna Miller;romantic
I'm not trying to be romantic. I think you can tell when people are trying to be sexy onstage. When I was doing 'All the Way,' I was really thinking about my wife. People don't know my personal experience, but they can tell it's an honest interpretation.;Harry Connick, Jr.;romantic
I'm always trying to perfect the romantic comedy, though.;David Duchovny;romantic
I'm a hopeless romantic and passionate person when it comes to love.;Jennifer Lopez;romantic
I don't have any romantic ideas about marriage. Trust me. A white dress... ? No. It's not something for me.;Diane Kruger;romantic
I think as a young actress, it's very rare that you read something where you're not either 'the girl' or there to serve some romantic purpose in a male dominated cast.;Sienna Miller;romantic
I'm very romantic and of course I want to be in love.;Emma Watson;romantic
When I started dating I had this kind of Romeo and Juliet, fateful romantic idea about love which was almost that you were a victim and there was a lot of pain involved and that was how it should be.;Emma Watson;romantic
I feel like you don't know if someone's equipped for a romantic relationship until they're out of their twenties.;Lena Dunham;romantic
I think romantic comedy, when done right, is my favorite genre. It's just a genre that's very human.;Lena Dunham;romantic
I joined the air force. I took to it immediately when I arrived there. I did three years, eight months, and ten days in all, but it took me a year and a half to get disabused of my romantic notions about it.;Morgan Freeman;romantic
I have never acted he has never been cast in a romantic lead or has been cast opposite a female love interest in any movie he starred in.;Morgan Freeman;romantic
We must not, however, be like the leaders of the great romantic revolt who, in their eagerness to get rid of the husk of convention, disregarded also the humane aspiration.;Irving Babbitt;romantic
I regard romantic comedies as a subgenre of sci-fi, in which the world operates according to different rules than my regular human world.;Mindy Kaling;romantic
Is this not the true romantic feeling not to desire to escape life, but to prevent life from escaping you.;Thomas Wolfe;romantic
If I can give you one strong piece of advice, when you go away for that romantic weekend, whatever you do, do not accept or take the upgrade to the honeymoon suite.;Gordon Ramsay;romantic
People who know me , they know I have a sense of humor, I'm a bit of a joker, a bit of a clown really, and I would love someone to exploit that side of me and send me a romantic comedy.;Gary Oldman;romantic
A romantic comedy has to be funny and make you think about life but the obstacle that has to be overcome is key.;Jennifer Lopez;romantic
Well, I think first it was rare for me to do anything that had any kind of a romantic note to it.;Tim Roth;romantic
I happen to be really a romantic.;Amanda Seyfried;romantic
I love romantic comedies. I have a deep respect for them. I think they're really difficult to write and write well.;Rashida Jones;romantic
You know, I grew up on romantic comedies, and it's hard to find a new way to tell that story.;Rashida Jones;romantic
I want to do the romantic comedies. You know, the stuff that Meg Ryan and Julia Roberts or Reese Witherspoon would choose, of course.;Jessica Simpson;romantic
Usually comedy is only available to us ladies in the romantic comedy. That's why I hate romantic comedies.;Sandra Bullock;romantic
I think in general, romantic comedies tend to take one person's point of view, but every once in a while you get something that is balanced for two people.;Sandra Bullock;romantic
But no, I don't really like romantic comedies, so I don't really care. I never go see 'em.;John Cusack;romantic
Acting can be pretty challenging. I can't say making a romantic comedy is challenging, but to do anything well, you have to put yourself into it.;John Cusack;romantic
I feel close to Lloyd in 'Say Anything'. He was like a super-interesting version of me. Only I'm not as good as him. Whatever part of me is romantic and optimistic, I reached into that to play Lloyd.;John Cusack;romantic
I think I've only done one horror movie, Psycho III. That was a walk in the park compared to a romantic comedy.;Carter Burwell;romantic
It's the contemporary woman that movies don't know what to do with, other than bathe her in a bridal glow in romantic comedies where both the romance and the comedy are artificial sweeteners.;James Wolcott;romantic
What I'd really like to write is a romantic comedy. This is my favorite kind of movie. I feel almost embarrassed revealing this, because the genre has been so degraded in the past twenty years that saying you like romantic comedies is essentially an admission of mild stupidity.;Mindy Kaling;romantic
I had these kind of unrealistic expectations that were fueled by romantic comedies, and it has both helped me and hurt me in many ways. It helped me because, in general, they've made me hopeful. I just figure things will eventually work out for me. But nobody is like any Tom Hanks character. Nobody is Hugh Grant. No one is Meg Ryan!;Mindy Kaling;romantic
I have such a rich fantasy life, I can't help it. I do make up a lot of romantic stories in my head.;Mindy Kaling;romantic
Woody Allen is really the ultimate. I love that he believed in himself enough to do what he did. And I have that same feeling - that there's nobody that looks like me in movies, nobody would cast me as a romantic lead, but I want to do it and I feel confident that I can.;Mindy Kaling;romantic
On 'The Office,' so much of the show is about disguising your true feelings and your romantic feelings because it was a mock documentary.;Mindy Kaling;romantic
Suddenly I've got an overwhelming desire to surround myself with the aura of classical and Romantic art.;Sylvester Stallone;romantic
Marriage is not simply a romantic union between two people it's also a political and economic contract of the highest order.;Elizabeth Gilbert;romantic
If I eat a huge meal and I can get the girl to rub my belly, I think that's about as romantic as I can think of.;Ryan Gosling;romantic
I don't think Hollywood knows what to do with me. I would imagine that when it comes to romantic comedies, my name would be pretty low down on the list.;Gary Oldman;romantic
My new movie, Fools Rush In, is a romantic comedy and the girl I play in that is very warm, very sweet.;Salma Hayek;romantic
I've flown across America, I've scaled fences, I've stood under windows and gone out of my way hundreds of times. I'm a hopeless romantic. There's no hope for me.;Joel Madden;romantic
People expect me to be dark and gloomy, then write that I'm a jolly chap, and after all, that is what I am. I think it's a case of an absolute romantic naivety that there should be a parallel between the work and the artist.;Michael Haneke;romantic
I will never say never, but I will say never to doing the more typical romantic comedies. You know, unless I'm getting audited and I'm on the street and I desperately need some dough and that's the only thing that I'm getting.;Christian Bale;romantic
In terms of the romantic kind of lead, I just never enjoy those movies very much. Maybe they'll come to interest me more as I get older. I doubt it, but maybe. Romantic comedies tend to be, for me, an oxymoron.;Christian Bale;romantic
The only thing I would unequivocally say is that I have never had any interest in romantic comedy I just couldn't do it. I think I'd be terrible.;Christian Bale;romantic
I'm a big romantic, so I love guys who are romantic too.;Ashley Tisdale;romantic
It's funny, I can sit through the worst horror film ever made but even a quite good romantic comedy can drive me nuts.;Jason Reitman;romantic
I am a hopeless romantic. And I won't stop till I get it right.;Halle Berry;romantic
I'm not what you might call sexy, but I'm romantic. Let's put it that way.;Betty White;romantic
The state of New Jersey is really two places - terrible cities and wonderful suburbs. I live in the suburbs, the final battleground of the American dream, where people get married and have kids and try to scratch out a happy life for themselves. It's very romantic in that way, but a bit naive. I like to play with that in my work.;Harlan Coben;romantic
I had to satisfy the action fans, the romantic fans, the intellectual fans. It was a terrific burden.;Sidney Poitier;romantic
I'm a romantic guy.;Fred Durst;romantic
I think I'm a romantic person, yeah.;Antonio Banderas;romantic
I had no romantic interest in Gable. I considered him an older man.;Gene Tierney;romantic
If you look at romantic comedies as pieces of commerce, the audience is looking for wish fulfillment.;Tom Hanks;romantic
You cannot look up at the night sky on the Planet Earth and not wonder what it's like to be up there amongst the stars. And I always look up at the moon and see it as the single most romantic place within the cosmos.;Tom Hanks;romantic
Romantic love is painful.;will.i.am;romantic
The dark comedies tend to be in a non-releasable area. There can be romantic comedies. There can be dramas. But there's no 'dark comedy' inbox for the advertising.;Gus Van Sant;romantic
Lidia Bastianich, sorry, but kind of boring. I mean, I love Lidia, but you can fall asleep watching her. And Mario Batali? I love Mario to death... but he's not romantic or sensual. Those are the things I bring to the table.;Giada De Laurentiis;romantic
I was meant to date the captain of the football team, I was going to be on a romantic excursion every Saturday night, I was destined to be collecting corsages from every boy in town before prom, accepting such floral offerings like competing sacrifices to a Delphic goddess.;Elizabeth Wurtzel;romantic
When I was younger - it might be a romantic idea - I always thought I might go crazy.;Diane Kruger;romantic
I've programmed myself musically to come up with love-feeling tracks that are romantic, sexy, but classy, all in one. And that's the challenge. Once I create that music, then the lyrical content starts to come - you know, the stories and things like that.;R. Kelly;romantic
Classical and romantic: private language of a family quarrel, a dead dispute over the distribution of emphasis between man and nature.;Cyril Connolly;romantic
I did send a girl a plane ticket asking her for a visit, I guess that's quite romantic.;Orlando Bloom;romantic
You know, I've always thought that it would be really funny if somebody made a romantic comedy where absolutely everything went well from beginning to end.;Fiona Apple;romantic
Romantic lovers require from each other at least the facade of reason: We desire to be what romantic love makes us appear in the other's eyes. We want to imagine we are deserving of the love we inspire.;Maggie Gallagher;romantic
I'm a hopeless romantic and I believe that you can find love in many different places and be very conflicted. I've discovered as I've grown up that life is far more complicated than you think it is when you're a kid. It isn't just a straightforward fairytale.;Rachel McAdams;romantic
I confess I am a romantic. I love romance, and I think it's really fun and delicious and some of my favorite films are love stories. I think that you just get a chance to fall in love with the characters so much and you get to explore their lives so deeply.;Rachel McAdams;romantic
And I think maybe all women, if they just had a chance, would be romantic and believe in love and not sex. And men believe in sex and not love.;Beatrice Wood;romantic
I love romantic comedies. They're for me the easiest thing to do and the most natural to do. There's nothing natural about holding an uzi hanging out of a moving van shooting at people. That's not second nature to me, thank God.;Gabrielle Union;romantic
The idea of a soulmate is beautiful and very romantic to talk about it in a movie or a song, but in reality, I find it scary.;Vanessa Paradis;romantic
I have tender, romantic associations with upstate New York.;Vera Farmiga;romantic
Even actresses that you really admire, like Reese Witherspoon, you think, 'Another romantic comedy?' You see her in something like 'Walk the Line' and think, 'God, you're so great!' And then you think, 'Why is she doing these stupid romantic comedies?' But of course, it's for money and status.;Gwyneth Paltrow;romantic
I don't know about the romantic comedy route, although never say never.;Kristen Wiig;romantic
Because I think in order to get famous you have to be known for something. Like 'You're the romantic comedy girl' or 'You're the Oscar-winning whatever girl.';Rachel Weisz;romantic
The most successful marriages, gay or straight, even if they begin in romantic love, often become friendships. It's the ones that become the friendships that last.;Andrew Sullivan;romantic
I fell in love with many women at school who had no idea I existed. I'm a bit of a romantic.;Eric Bana;romantic
I'm a bit of a romantic.;Eric Bana;romantic
I saw Tequila Sunrise as a romantic picture with complex, bigger than life characters.;Conrad Hall;romantic
I'm very romantic.;Enrique Iglesias;romantic
I wouldn't feel satisfied being on set every day doing a romantic comedy - I'd be bored to death.;Joaquin Phoenix;romantic
I've always been attracted to romantic secondhand clothes. But my style developed as I started going to these strange raves where everybody had these very definitive costumes.;Florence Welch;romantic
I feel like I've done a bunch of period stuff and then a bunch of romantic comedies.;Kate Beckinsale;romantic
I'm a fan of daytime drama I totally get it. When we are doing scenes that are romantic or will get the audience riled up, I feel like I'm a fan in the room going, 'People are going to be so mad right now!';Alison Sweeney;romantic
I'm probably a bit romantic about it, but I think we humans miss having contact with fire. We need it.;Jamie Oliver;romantic
Think back to yourself at age 18. I know I was mighty different than the Patti I am today. As we grow up, we grow out of our haircuts, our apartments and - often times - our romantic decisions.;Patti Stanger;romantic
Conductors' careers are made for the most part with 'Romantic' music. 'Classic' music eliminates the conductor we do not remember him in it.;Igor Stravinsky;romantic
The phrase 'off with the crack of the bat', while romantic, is really meaningless, since the outfielder should be in motion long before he hears the sound of the ball meeting the bat.;Joe DiMaggio;romantic
I would have loved to do 'Alice in Wonderland.' Being a 'Bond' girl would always be fun. We had a lot of action in 'Eclipse' and I'd definitely like to continue down the action road. I want to do a romantic period piece, but those are really hard to get made because they're very expensive and there's not a huge demographic.;Ashley Greene;romantic
