We are witnessing an enormous shift of collective consciousness throughout the world. We are at the precipice of great transformation within our culture and government.;Zachary Quinto;great
You speak of Lord Byron and me there is this great difference between us. He describes what he sees I describe what I imagine. Mine is the hardest task.;John Keats;great
I ran into Isosceles. He had a great idea for a new triangle!;Woody Allen;great
God gave me a great body and it's my duty to take care of my physical temple.;Jean Claude Van Damme;great
Without a trace of irony I can say I have been blessed with brilliant enemies. I owe them a great debt, because they redoubled my energies and drove me in new directions.;E. O. Wilson;great
Mere parsimony is not economy. Expense, and great expense, may be an essential part in true economy.;Edmund Burke;great
Passion for fame: A passion which is the instinct of all great souls.;Edmund Burke;great
Magnanimity in politics is not seldom the truest wisdom and a great empire and little minds go ill together.;Edmund Burke;great
A great attitude does much more than turn on the lights in our worlds it seems to magically connect us to all sorts of serendipitous opportunities that were somehow absent before the change.;Earl Nightingale;great
To have great poets, there must be great audiences.;Walt Whitman;great
My goal is people associate November with COPD awareness month as much as they notice October with breast cancer and pink. That'd be a great thing if it happened. The fact that COPD kills more people than breast cancer and diabetes put together should raise some red flags.;Danica Patrick;great
The great city is that which has the greatest man or woman: if it be a few ragged huts, it is still the greatest city in the whole world.;Walt Whitman;great
She discovered with great delight that one does not love one's children just because they are one's children but because of the friendship formed while raising them.;Gabriel Garcia Marquez;great
Produce great men, the rest follows.;Walt Whitman;great
Why do people talk of the horrors of old age? It's great. I feel like a fine old car with the parts gradually wearing out, but I'm not complaining,... Those who find growing old terrible are people who haven't done what they wanted with their lives.;Martha Gellhorn;great
To become truly great, one has to stand with people, not above them.;Charles de Montesquieu;great
Each person has inside a basic decency and goodness. If he listens to it and acts on it, he is giving a great deal of what it is the world needs most. It is not complicated but it takes courage. It takes courage for a person to listen to his own goodness and act on it.;Pablo Casals;great
Great men are like eagles, and build their nest on some lofty solitude.;Arthur Schopenhauer;great
The truth. It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and must therefore be treated with great caution.;J. K. Rowling;great
I have great expectations for the future, because the past was highly overrated.;Sylvester Stallone;great
Hugs can do great amounts of good - especially for children.;Princess Diana;great
The great awareness comes slowly, piece by piece. The path of spiritual growth is a path of lifelong learning. The experience of spiritual power is basically a joyful one.;M. Scott Peck;great
Listen to your inner-voice: Surround yourself with loving, nurturing people. Fall in love with your art and find yourself. Music is the great communicator.;Glenn Hughes;great
People do not understand what a great revenue economy is.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;great
From the world wars of Europe to the jungles of the Far East, from the deserts of the Middle East to the African continent, and even here in our own hemisphere, our veterans have made the world a better place and America the great country we are today.;John Hoeven;great
I was really into Black Sabbath, but heavy guitars can really be very limiting, it's a great frequency and it's great fun to listen to but on the other hand, musically you can do a lot more without it.;Kip Winger;great
The charm of fame is so great that we like every object to which it is attached, even death.;Blaise Pascal;great
I'm sad to report that in the past few years, ever since uncertainty became our insistent 21st century companion, leadership has taken a great leap backwards to the familiar territory of command and control.;Margaret J. Wheatley;great
Americans are blessed with great plenty we are a generous people and we have a moral obligation to assist those who are suffering from poverty, disease, war and famine.;Adam Schiff;great
Great men are seldom over-scrupulous in the arrangement of their attire.;Charles Dickens;great
As it is the characteristic of great wits to say much in few words, so small wits seem to have the gift of speaking much and saying nothing.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;great
It is great folly to wish to be wise all alone.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;great
We may seem great in an employment below our worth, but we very often look little in one that is too big for us.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;great
The great pleasure of a dog is that you may make a fool of yourself with him and not only will he not scold you, but he will make a fool of himself too.;Samuel Butler;great
I praise the Lord here today. I know that all my talent and all my ability comes from him, and without him I'm nothing and I thank him for his great blessing.;Ernie Harwell;great
You know, the man of my dreams might walk round the corner tomorrow. I'm older and wiser and I think I'd make a great girlfriend. I live in the realm of romantic possibility.;Stevie Nicks;great
The good physician treats the disease the great physician treats the patient who has the disease.;William Osler;great
A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep.;Saul Bellow;great
A great deal of talent is lost to the world for want of a little courage. Every day sends to their graves obscure men whose timidity prevented them from making a first effort.;Sydney Smith;great
Who in the world am I? Ah, that's the great puzzle.;Lewis Carroll;great
I love to shop after a bad relationship. I don't know. I buy a new outfit and it makes me feel better. It just does. Sometimes I see a really great outfit, I'll break up with someone on purpose.;Rita Rudner;great
The great secret of doctors, known only to their wives, but still hidden from the public, is that most things get better by themselves most things, in fact, are better in the morning.;Lewis Thomas;great
Every great advance in natural knowledge has involved the absolute rejection of authority.;Thomas Huxley;great
After great pain, a formal feeling comes. The Nerves sit ceremonious, like tombs.;Emily Dickinson;great
When we get to wishing a great deal for ourselves, whatever we get soon turns into mere limitation and exclusion.;George Eliot;great
The last great delusion is soon to open before us. Antichrist is to perform his marvelous works in our sight So closely will the counterfeit resemble the true that it will be impossible to distinguish between them except by the Holy Scriptures.;Ellen G. White;great
Rude contact with facts chased my visions and dreams quickly away, and in their stead I beheld the horrors, the corruption, the evils and hypocrisy of society, and as I stood among them, a young wife, a great wail of agony went out from my soul.;Victoria Woodhull;great
Great is our admiration of the orator who speaks with fluency and discretion.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;great
A great building must begin with the unmeasurable, must go through measurable means when it is being designed and in the end must be unmeasurable.;Louis Kahn;great
It will be a great day when our schools have all the money they need, and our air force has to have a bake-sale to buy a bomber.;Robert Fulghum;great
There are two great days in a person's life - the day we are born and the day we discover why.;William Barclay;great
To know how to hide one's ability is great skill.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;great
Nothing is so contagious as example and we never do any great good or evil which does not produce its like.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;great
As a child I was a great liar. Fortunately my mother liked my lies. I promised her marvelous things.;Gunter Grass;great
We only acknowledge small faults in order to make it appear that we are free from great ones.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;great
That's the great thing about a tractor. You can't really hear the phone ring.;Jeff Foxworthy;great
Great souls are not those who have fewer passions and more virtues than others, but only those who have greater designs.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;great
The state is the great fictitious entity by which everyone seeks to live at the expense of everyone else.;Frederic Bastiat;great
Those who are incapable of committing great crimes do not readily suspect them in others.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;great
Too great haste to repay an obligation is a kind of ingratitude.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;great
Those that have had great passions esteem themselves for the rest of their lives fortunate and unfortunate in being cured of them.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;great
The great and important duty which is incumbent on Christians, is to guard against all appearance of evil to watch against the first risings in the heart to evil and to have a guard upon our actions, that they may not be sinful, or so much as seem to be so.;George Whitefield;great
There are a great many men valued in society who have nothing to recommend them but serviceable vices.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;great
I am a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.;Stephen Leacock;great
Our actions seem to have their lucky and unlucky stars, to which a great part of that blame and that commendation is due which is given to the actions themselves.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;great
Though men are apt to flatter and exalt themselves with their great achievements, yet these are, in truth, very often owing not so much to design as chance.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;great
Heat of blood makes young people change their inclinations often, and habit makes old ones keep to theirs a great while.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;great
What is most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class.;Alexis de Tocqueville;great
No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit.;Andrew Carnegie;great
All really great lovers are articulate, and verbal seduction is the surest road to actual seduction.;Marya Mannes;great
Great minds are to make others great. Their superiority is to be used, not to break the multitude to intellectual vassalage, not to establish over them a spiritual tyranny, but to rouse them from lethargy, and to aid them to judge for themselves.;William Ellery Channing;great
I think that the good and the great are only separated by the willingness to sacrifice.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;great
Little progress can be made by merely attempting to repress what is evil. Our great hope lies in developing what is good.;Calvin Coolidge;great
A weak mind is like a microscope, which magnifies trifling things, but cannot receive great ones.;Lord Chesterfield;great
The great art of life is sensation, to feel that we exist, even in pain.;Lord Byron;great
A cloudy day or a little sunshine have as great an influence on many constitutions as the most recent blessings or misfortunes.;Joseph Addison;great
I never wanted to become an actress because I'd read great literature or seen great Shakespeare. It was more just wanting to understand what the people were really like, why they said all the strange things they did.;Julie Walters;great
When a great team loses through complacency, it will constantly search for new and more intricate explanations to explain away defeat.;Pat Riley;great
When I say that human beings are just gene machines, one shouldn't put too much emphasis on the word 'just.' There is a very great deal of complication, and indeed beauty in being a gene machine.;Richard Dawkins;great
There seems to be a terrible misunderstanding on the part of a great many people to the effect that when you cease to believe you may cease to behave.;Louis Kronenberger;great
Education then, beyond all other devices of human origin, is the great equalizer of the conditions of men, the balance-wheel of the social machinery.;Horace Mann;great
To be conscious that you are ignorant of the facts is a great step to knowledge.;Benjamin Disraeli;great
To love one that is great, is almost to be great one's self.;Samuel Johnson;great
Boldness is a mask for fear, however great.;John Dryden;great
A great artist is always before his time or behind it.;George Edward Moore;great
I feel good in my own skin because I've accepted the fact that I'm me. That's what's so great about being alive and being on this planet: Everybody's different.;Kelly Osbourne;great
The great end of life is not knowledge but action.;Francis Bacon;great
The Super Bowl isn't for kids, I had a great time though and it was worth every nickel of it because by doing this lame piece about the game I can put it on my expense account.;Andy Rooney;great
How quickly we forget God's great deliverances in our lives. How easily we take for granted the miracles he performed in our past.;David Wilkerson;great
The great thing about suicide is that it's not one of those things you have to do now or you lose your chance. I mean, you can always do it later.;Harvey Fierstein;great
I think cookies are sort of the unsung sweet, you know? They're incredibly popular. But everybody thinks of cakes and pies and fancier desserts before they think cookies. A plate of cookies is a great way to end dinner and really nice to share at the holidays.;Bobby Flay;great
We need a great president.;Donald Trump;great
Personal identity seems like it's just such an American archetype, from Holly Golightly re-inventing herself in 'Breakfast At Tiffany's' to Jay Gatsby in 'The Great Gatsby.' It seems like the sort of archetypal American issue. If you're given the freedom to be anything, or be anyone, what do you do with it?;Chuck Palahniuk;great
All great and beautiful work has come of first gazing without shrinking into the darkness.;John Ruskin;great
Great countries are those that produce great people.;Benjamin Disraeli;great
King Louis Philippe once said to me that he attributed the great success of the British nation in political life to their talking politics after dinner.;Benjamin Disraeli;great
Almost everything that is great has been done by youth.;Benjamin Disraeli;great
The one great principle of English law is to make business for itself.;Charles Dickens;great
Land and sea, weakness and decline are great separators, but death is the great divorcer for ever.;John Keats;great
