I like to help women help themselves, as that is, in my opinion, the best way to settle the woman question. Whatever we can do and do well we have a right to, and I don't think any one will deny us.;Louisa May Alcott;women
Failing to find in women exactly the same kind of sexual emotions, as they find in themselves, men have concluded that there are none there at all.;Havelock Ellis;women
Working moms commonly testify that they feel guilty when they are away from their children and guilty when they are not at their jobs. Devoted fathers certainly miss their children deeply, but it does not seem to be with the same gnawing, primal anxiety that often afflicts women.;Camille Paglia;women
A lesser complaint: hair extensions. There are moments on 'All My Children' when half the women actors, young and old, seem to be afflicted by android Barbie creep. All those thick swatches of lifeless strands clustering lankly round ladies' necks! Like orange tanning spray, this is a fashion fad that should be put out of its misery.;Camille Paglia;women
No other group in America has so had their identity socialized out of existence as have black women... When black people are talked about the focus tends to be on black men and when women are talked about the focus tends to be on white women.;Bell Hooks;women
The qualities I most admire in women are confidence and kindness.;Oscar de la Renta;women
Women would rather be right than reasonable.;Ogden Nash;women
I'd like to look like Madonna when I'm her age. I also look at athletes and love their bodies. I've always wanted to be muscly, not skinny. A lot of women yo-yo around, but I'm always aware if I'm getting a bit out of shape. I never look at the scales but I can just tell. It goes on my tum and bum.;Ellie Goulding;women
Because I have work to care about, it is possible that I may be less difficult to get along with than other women when the double chins start to form.;Gloria Steinem;women
I never expected to get the Tom Jones treatment and it amazes me that I do. Strangely it's women who throw their underwear at me when I'm performing live. My male fans tend to be quite shy. My female fans are wild. I never know what to do with all the lingerie that lands at my feet. Maybe I should open a shop.;Ellie Goulding;women
Too often, older women are seen as victims, but I know lots of formidable women who have marvellous jobs as well as a full erotic life, and children and friends and family.;Francesca Annis;women
A man is given the choice between loving women and understanding them.;Ninon de L'Enclos;women
Something that's such a joy in my life every day - cooking - is this incredible, horrific danger to women around the world.;Julia Roberts;women
Most women are not as young as they are painted.;Max Beerbohm;women
The dual scourge of hunger and malnutrition will be truly vanquished not only when granaries are full, but also when people's basic health needs are met and women are given their rightful role in societies.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;women
I was in California when this journalist made a blanket statement about the fact that she did not think that black men and women had the kind of love relationship that Rebecca and Nathan had in Sounder.;Cicely Tyson;women
It is women who love horror. Gloat over it. Feed on it. Are nourished by it. Shudder and cling and cry out-and come back for more.;Bela Lugosi;women
Men tend to feel threatened women tend to feel guilty.;Edwin Louis Cole;women
Even back then, I exuded self-confidence, and that drives women crazy.;Larry David;women
Many soldiers returning from Iraq and Afghanistan suffer from serious, long-term, physical and mental health problems, due to their service. It is unconscionable to cut the already limited health care benefits available to these brave men and women.;Mark Dayton;women
I just love bossy women. I could be around them all day. To me, bossy is not a pejorative term at all. It means somebody's passionate and engaged and ambitious and doesn't mind leading.;Amy Poehler;women
We are seeing a great awakening. A national movement of We the People, brought together by what unites us - a shared love of liberty, and an understanding of the unlimited potential of free men and free women.;Ted Cruz;women
Films have never shown the kind of relationship that can exist between two women.;Brigitte Bardot;women
The struggles waged by nations are weak only when they lack support in the hearts of their women.;Jose Marti;women
And most people have a woman in their heart, most men have a woman in their heart and most women have a man in their heart.;Leonard Cohen;women
I'm 65 and I guess that puts me in with the geriatrics. But if there were fifteen months in every year, I'd only be 48. That's the trouble with us. We number everything. Take women, for example. I think they deserve to have more than twelve years between the ages of 28 and 40.;James Thurber;women
Women often postpone their lives, thinking that if they're not with a partner then it doesn't really count. They're still searching for their prince, in a way. And as much as we don't discuss that, because it's too embarrassing and too sad, I think it really does exist.;Jane Campion;women
An interim government was set up in Afghanistan. It included two women, one of whom was Minister of Women's Affairs. Man, who'd she have to show here ankles to to get that job?;Tina Fey;women
Women speak because they wish to speak, whereas a man speaks only when driven to speak by something outside himself like, for instance, he can't find any clean socks.;Jean Kerr;women
I like women. I don't understand them, but I like them.;Sean Connery;women
In their 30s women really start to live... they're not children anymore, and they're not just mothers.;Kelly Lynch;women
Some men have a silly theory about beautiful women - that somewhere along the line they'll turn into a monster. That movie gave them a chance to watch it happen.;Salma Hayek;women
Basically, women have to prove they are strong at all times. And then when they go on the attack, they have to not appear mean because those women often get the label of being catty.;Julie Nixon Eisenhower;women
If women have young children, they are one man away from welfare.;Gloria Steinem;women
Women have not yet realized the cowardice that resides, for if they should decide to do so, they would be able to fight you until death and to prove that I speak the truth, amongst so many women, I will be the first to act, setting an example for them to follow.;Veronica Franco;women
In discussions around the hiring and firing of Black faculty at universities, the charge is frequently heard that Black women are more easily hired than are Black men.;Audre Lorde;women
When we create out of our experiences, as feminists of color, women of color, we have to develop those structures that will present and circulate our culture.;Audre Lorde;women
I did go to Wellesley, a women's college. And I am of a kind of strange generation which is transitional in terms of women who wanted to go out and get jobs.;Madeleine Albright;women
I didn't want to set up a women's studies program. I thought women should learn to operate in a coeducational atmosphere, because, especially in national security and international affairs, it's male-dominated.;Madeleine Albright;women
I think the personal relationships I established mattered in terms of what I was able to get done. And I did bring women's issues to the center of our foreign policy.;Madeleine Albright;women
I think women have an innate ability to be intuitive with people that they truly love, but they have to trust that inner voice, and I think it is there. I think we are more intuitive than men.;Andie MacDowell;women
Maybe if everybody in leadership was a woman, you might not get into the conflicts in the first place. But if you watch the women who have made it to the top, they haven't exactly been non-aggressive - including me.;Madeleine Albright;women
The prolonged slavery of women is the darkest page in human history.;Elizabeth Cady Stanton;women
I think women want to take care of themselves, and I think having a voice in how that is done is very important.;Madeleine Albright;women
No one wants to see curvy women.;Karl Lagerfeld;women
I wouldn't call myself a feminist, because I think there are differences between men and women.;Shania Twain;women
In a way, we women take on more than we need to sometimes.;Shania Twain;women
I decided blacks should not have to experience the difficulties I had faced, so I decided to open a flying school and teach other black women to fly.;Bessie Coleman;women
It would be a much better country if women did not vote. That is simply a fact. In fact, in every presidential election since 1950 - except Goldwater in '64 - the Republican would have won, if only the men had voted.;Ann Coulter;women
All women in Hollywood are known as sex symbols.;Megan Fox;women
The media says that equality for women has arrived, but if you look around, you still don't see girls playing guitars and having success with it.;Joan Jett;women
With over 3 million women battling breast cancer today, everywhere you turn there is a mother, daughter, sister, or friend who has been affected by breast cancer.;Betsey Johnson;women
In Kenya women are the first victims of environmental degradation, because they are the ones who walk for hours looking for water, who fetch firewood, who provide food for their families.;Wangari Maathai;women
Yet consider now, whether women are not quite past sense and reason, when they want to rule over men.;John Calvin;women
The trouble with women umpires is that I couldn't argue with one. I'd put my arms around her and give her a little kiss.;Casey Stengel;women
The natural superiority of women is a biological fact, and a socially acknowledged reality.;Ashley Montagu;women
We need men and women to sit down and talk to each other about sex honestly and openly. That would help us fight Aids so immediately. But our lack of communication is hugely problematic.;Emma Thompson;women
I think women get caught up too much in having a plan - 'I'm going to get married at this age I'm going to have a kid at this age' - and then they just try to find a guy who will fit into that picture. I don't want my life to be based on that.;Julia Stiles;women
Women of the working class, especially wage workers, should not have more than two children at most. The average working man can support no more and and the average working woman can take care of no more in decent fashion.;Margaret Sanger;women
Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place.;Billy Crystal;women
I gravitate toward women.;Liam Neeson;women
You know, men and women are a lot alike in certain situations. Like when they're both on fire - they're exactly alike.;Dave Attell;women
Women are oppressed in the east, in the west, in the south, in the north. Women are oppressed inside, outside home, a woman is oppressed in religion, she is oppressed outside religion.;Taslima Nasrin;women
Perhaps there is no greater issue facing contemporary women than the choices they must make about balancing home and work.;Camille Paglia;women
Something about glamour interested me. All my schoolbooks had drawings of women on terraces with a cocktail and a cigarette.;Bill Blass;women
Younger women have no problem in reconciling beauty with ambitions as a professional woman.;Camille Paglia;women
Women, we might as well be dogs baying the moon as petitioners without the right to vote!;Susan B. Anthony;women
Except for naval and air exercises, our military should be stationed on American soil, where service men and women can lead normal lives in close proximity to family and friends.;Camille Paglia;women
I shall earnestly and persistently continue to urge all women to the practical recognition of the old Revolutionary maxim. Resistance to tyranny is obedience to God.;Susan B. Anthony;women
Music never dies. Do we really need another Madonna tour? Does she have to compete with women performers 25 years her junior?;Camille Paglia;women
Young feminists have been sold a bill of goods about American feminism. The enormous changes in women over the past 40 years are constantly and falsely attributed to the organized women's movement of the late 1960s and '70s.;Camille Paglia;women
My generation of bossy, confident, baby-boom women were something brand new in history. Our energy and assertiveness weren't created by Betty Friedan, unknown before her 1963 book, or by Gloria Steinem, whose political activism, as even the Lifetime profile admitted, did not begin until 1969.;Camille Paglia;women
People think of Latina women as being fiery and fierce, which is usually true. But I think the quality that so many Latinas possess is strength. I'm very proud to have Latin blood.;Zoe Saldana;women
There is a pride, a self-love, in human minds that will seldom be kept so low as to make men and women humbler than they ought to be.;Samuel Richardson;women
And what I saw happening is that women don't make one decision to leave the workforce. They makes lots of little decisions really far in advance that kind of inevitably lead them there.;Sheryl Sandberg;women
I like my coffee like I like my women. In a plastic cup.;Eddie Izzard;women
The Bible and the Church have been the greatest stumbling blocks in the way of women's emancipation.;Elizabeth Cady Stanton;women
I remember at the age of five travelling on a trolley car with my mother past a group of women on a picket line at a textile plant, seeing them being viciously beaten by security people. So that kind of thing stayed with me.;Noam Chomsky;women
Older women are like aging strudels - the crust may not be so lovely, but the filling has come at last into its own.;Robert Farrar Capon;women
Women are much more sensitive. We know that emotionally but their organs respond to the same degree.;Mehmet Oz;women
Studies have shown that since women have had access to the pill and family planning measures, they have made huge gains in both wages and in careers that were dominated by men.;Jennifer Granholm;women
When I travel, I love speaking to women around the world about the things that inspire them, the fashions they like, what makes something good and what would make it even better.;Maria Sharapova;women
Tell the trial lawyers to get out of your state and to quit costing businessmen and women.;Rick Perry;women
Women are not making it to the top. A hundred and ninety heads of state nine are women. Of all the people in parliament in the world, thirteen per cent are women. In the corporate sector, women at the top - C-level jobs, board seats - tops out at fifteen, sixteen per cent.;Sheryl Sandberg;women
You can be with one of the most beautiful women in the world and still be unhappy.;Rod Stewart;women
Women are not in love with me but with the picture of me on the screen. I am merely the canvas on which women paint their dreams.;Rudolph Valentino;women
I've been out with some extremely beautiful women who have had no sex appeal whatsoever. It really is a lot more than skin deep.;Rod Stewart;women
A lot of times, women don't get the male perspective in regards to a relationship, what men go through when they're not really dealing well.;Morris Chestnut;women
We are volcanoes. When we women offer our experience as our truth, as human truth, all the maps change. There are new mountains.;Ursula K. Le Guin;women
You think intercourse is a private act it's not, it's a social act. Men are sexually predatory in life and women are sexually manipulative. When two individuals come together and leave their gender outside the bedroom door, then they make love.;Andrea Dworkin;women
Women were seldom given quality assignments or adequate air time.;Jessica Savitch;women
The latest wrinkle is on wrinkles. There is a widespread belief that women can't grow old in television news.;Jessica Savitch;women
A man who pretends to understand women is bad manners. For him to really to understand them is bad morals.;Henry James;women
I'm 18 in this album. I'm not losing fans, and I'm not disrepecting women, but you reach the maturity of taking it to the next level with a girl. It was only necessary for me to have at least one song like that.;Chris Brown;women
Americans like fat books and thin women.;Russell Baker;women
That's not to say that women's priorities are better than men's. Rather, when women are empowered, when they can speak from the experience of their own lives, they often address different, previously neglected issues. And families and whole communities benefit.;Dee Dee Myers;women
Women can go on marrying and pretending that their boyfriends and husbands are Mr. Darcy or some RomCom dream man. But where's that going to get 'em? Besides divorce court?;Dan Savage;women
It has been very erotic and provocative for people to wonder about my feelings for women.;Catherine Deneuve;women
I love vampire stories. That's why I did the movie. Women especially were taken with that movie-even more so when it came out on video.;Catherine Deneuve;women
