I believe God gives you the grace to do what you need to do.;Joel Osteen;god
For God so loved the World that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life.;Jesus Christ;god
I don't have a problem believing in God and Jesus. But in Genesis one has to wonder about these sentences that just go on and end without finishing. The thought is unfinished. Where did Adam go? What is he doing? Hello? There has to be some pages missing.;Bill Cosby;god
If I had to choose a religion, the sun as the universal giver of life would be my god.;Napoleon Bonaparte;god
We turn toward God only to obtain the impossible.;Albert Camus;god
We ought to fly away from earth to heaven as quickly as we can and to fly away is to become like God, as far as this is possible and to become like him is to become holy, just, and wise.;Plato;god
I made a decision when my father passed away that I was going to be who God made me to be and not try to preach like my father.;Joel Osteen;god
God lets everything happen for a reason. It's all a learning process, and you have to go from one level to another.;Mike Tyson;god
Jesus is the God whom we can approach without pride and before whom we can humble ourselves without despair.;Blaise Pascal;god
For where God built a church, there the Devil would also build a chapel.;Martin Luther;god
Beauty is mysterious as well as terrible. God and devil are fighting there, and the battlefield is the heart of man.;Fyodor Dostoevsky;god
We worship an awesome God in the Blue States, and we don't like federal agents poking around our libraries in the Red States. We coach Little League in the Blue States and have gay friends in the Red States.;Barack Obama;god
When I played God Bless The Queen, I was wondering if they was gonna dig us, then quite naturally I'd go on and try to get it together.;Jimi Hendrix;god
You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure about you. We were born to manifest the glory of God that is within us.;Marianne Williamson;god
The time you spend alone with God will transform your character and increase your devotion. Then your integrity and godly behavior in an unbelieving world will make others long to know the Lord.;Charles Stanley;god
I love to think of nature as an unlimited broadcasting station, through which God speaks to us every hour, if we will only tune in.;George Washington Carver;god
God not only plays dice, He also sometimes throws the dice where they cannot be seen.;Stephen Hawking;god
You hear a lot about God these days: God, the beneficent God, the all-great God, the Almighty God, the most powerful God, the giver of life God, the creator of death. I mean, we're hearing about God all the time, so we better learn how to deal with it. But if we know anything about God, God is arbitrary.;Bob Dylan;god
What God intended for you goes far beyond anything you can imagine.;Oprah Winfrey;god
Zen does not confuse spirituality with thinking about God while one is peeling potatoes. Zen spirituality is just to peel the potatoes.;Alan Watts;god
Saving faith is an immediate relation to Christ, accepting, receiving, resting upon Him alone, for justification, sanctification, and eternal life by virtue of God's grace.;Charles Spurgeon;god
Every child comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged of man.;Rabindranath Tagore;god
God is more interested in your future and your relationships than you are.;Billy Graham;god
God grant me the courage not to give up what I think is right even though I think it is hopeless.;Chester W. Nimitz;god
To gather with God's people in united adoration of the Father is as necessary to the Christian life as prayer.;Martin Luther;god
We are not at peace with others because we are not at peace with ourselves, and we are not at peace with ourselves because we are not at peace with God.;Thomas Merton;god
Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough.;Garrison Keillor;god
A dog barks when his master is attacked. I would be a coward if I saw that God's truth is attacked and yet would remain silent.;John Calvin;god
When we talk to God, we're praying. When God talks to us, we're schizophrenic.;Jane Wagner;god
God wants to bless us where we are.;Joel Osteen;god
Any fool knows that bravado is always a cover-up for insecurity. That's the truth. And on that note, I'll say goodnight. God love you.;Bobby Darin;god
I've always been - you know, my personality is motivating and encouraging. And so I'm just being who God made me to be.;Joel Osteen;god
Look out into the universe and contemplate the glory of God. Observe the stars, millions of them, twinkling in the night sky, all with a message of unity, part of the very nature of God.;Sai Baba;god
I say, don't try to fight your own battles because God will do it.;Joel Osteen;god
We are all atheists about most of the gods that societies have ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further.;Richard Dawkins;god
God... a being whose only definition is that he is beyond man's power to conceive.;Ayn Rand;god
I have not lost faith in God. I have moments of anger and protest. Sometimes I've been closer to him for that reason.;Elie Wiesel;god
I speak Spanish to God, Italian to women, French to men, and German to my horse.;Charles V;god
I don't think that a same-sex marriage is the way God intended it to be.;Joel Osteen;god
God is not on the side of the big battalions, but on the side of those who shoot best.;Voltaire;god
I think God's justice is making wrongs right.;Joel Osteen;god
If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent Him.;Voltaire;god
We are always on the anvil by trials God is shaping us for higher things.;Henry Ward Beecher;god
Yeah, I know I'm ugly... I said to a bartender, 'Make me a zombie.' He said 'God beat me to it.';Rodney Dangerfield;god
God is really only another artist. He invented the giraffe, the elephant and the cat. He has no real style, He just goes on trying other things.;Pablo Picasso;god
God is not willing to do everything, and thus take away our free will and that share of glory which belongs to us.;Niccolo Machiavelli;god
Prayer is simply a two-way conversation between you and God.;Billy Graham;god
I don't like to write like God. It is only because you never do it, though, that the critics think you can't do it.;Ernest Hemingway;god
Our society strives to avoid any possibility of offending anyone - except God.;Billy Graham;god
Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and drinking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity.;Voltaire;god
Forgiveness is God's command.;Martin Luther;god
We can't form our children on our own concepts we must take them and love them as God gives them to us.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;god
The hardest people to reach with the love of God are not the bad people. They know they are bad. They have no defense. The hardest ones to win for God are the self-righteous people.;Charles L. Allen;god
One and God make a majority.;Frederick Douglass;god
I pray God may preserve your health and life many years.;Junipero Serra;god
If you have God on your side, everything becomes clear.;Ayrton Senna;god
If God had wanted me otherwise, He would have created me otherwise.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;god
Whatever your heart clings to and confides in, that is really your God.;Martin Luther;god
I try to speak in everyday language. I feel like God has gifted me to take Bible principles and make them practical.;Joel Osteen;god
In this world you've just got to hope for the best and prepare for the worst and take whatever God sends.;Lucy Maud Montgomery;god
The will is a beast of burden. If God mounts it, it wishes and goes as God wills if Satan mounts it, it wishes and goes as Satan wills Nor can it choose its rider... the riders contend for its possession.;Martin Luther;god
Music is the art of the prophets and the gift of God.;Martin Luther;god
If there were no God, it would be necessary to invent him.;Voltaire;god
Your belief in God is merely an escape from your monotonous, stupid and cruel life.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;god
I'm only going to stand before God and give an account for my life, not for somebody else's life. If I have a bad attitude, then I need to say there's no point in me blaming you for what's wrong in my life.;Joyce Meyer;god
God created man, but I could do better.;Erma Bombeck;god
It is not known precisely where angels dwell whether in the air, the void, or the planets. It has not been God's pleasure that we should be informed of their abode.;Voltaire;god
Just as the soul fills the body, so God fills the world. Just as the soul bears the body, so God endures the world. Just as the soul sees but is not seen, so God sees but is not seen. Just as the soul feeds the body, so God gives food to the world.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;god
Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.;Andre Gide;god
In giving us children, God places us in a position of both leadership and service. He calls us to give up our lives for someone else's sake - to abandon our own desires and put our child's interests first. Yet, according to His perfect design, it is through this selflessness that we can become truly fulfilled.;Charles Stanley;god
The reproduction of mankind is a great marvel and mystery. Had God consulted me in the matter, I should have advised him to continue the generation of the species by fashioning them out of clay.;Martin Luther;god
In the beginning there was nothing. God said, 'Let there be light!' And there was light. There was still nothing, but you could see it a whole lot better.;Ellen DeGeneres;god
All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring.;Chuck Palahniuk;god
The Negro revolution is controlled by foxy white liberals, by the Government itself. But the Black Revolution is controlled only by God.;Malcolm X;god
If God created us in his own image, we have more than reciprocated.;Voltaire;god
In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.;Leo Tolstoy;god
God will never direct us to be prideful, arrogant and unforgiving, immoral or slothful or full of fear. We step into these things because we are insensitive to the leadership of the Holy Spirit within us.;Charles Stanley;god
Sorrow is a fruit. God does not make it grow on limbs too weak to bear it.;Victor Hugo;god
If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor.;Joan Rivers;god
The very impossibility in which I find myself to prove that God is not, discovers to me his existence.;Voltaire;god
I have always believed in God.;Joel Osteen;god
There are two great forces, God's force of good and the devil's force of evil, and I believe Satan is alive and he is working, and he is working harder than ever, and we have many mysteries that we don't understand.;Billy Graham;god
I think art is the only thing that's spiritual in the world. And I refuse to forced to believe in other people's interpretations of God. I don't think anybody should be. No one person can own the copyright to what God means.;Marilyn Manson;god
God is at home, it's we who have gone out for a walk.;Meister Eckhart;god
To believe in God is impossible not to believe in Him is absurd.;Voltaire;god
Flowers are the sweetest things God ever made and forgot to put a soul into.;Henry Ward Beecher;god
Reading about nature is fine, but if a person walks in the woods and listens carefully, he can learn more than what is in books, for they speak with the voice of God.;George Washington Carver;god
I think God made a woman to be strong and not to be trampled under the feet of men. I've always felt this way because my mother was a very strong woman, without a husband.;Little Richard;god
God loves each of us as if there were only one of us.;Saint Augustine;god
God's desire is that we excel.;Joel Osteen;god
Great thoughts and a pure heart, that is what we should ask from God.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;god
God, give us grace to accept with serenity the things that cannot be changed, courage to change the things which should be changed and the wisdom to distinguish the one from the other.;Reinhold Niebuhr;god
By our Heavenly Father and only because of God, only because of God. We're like other couples. We do not get along perfectly we do not go without arguments and, as I call them, fights, and heartache and pain and hurting each other. But a marriage is three of us.;Barbara Mandrell;god
I know why I am here and my only real focused goal is to live each day to the fullest and to try and honor God and be an encouragement to others. What the future holds is firmly in God's hands, and I am very happy about that!;Ken Hensley;god
My main point here is that if you are the child of God and God is a part of you, the in your imagination God suppose to look like you. And when you accept a picture of the deity assigned to you by another people, you become the spiritual prisoners of that other people.;John Henrik Clarke;god
I don't mind saying, you know, that I don't take a salary from the church, and God has blessed me with more money than I could imagine from my books.;Joel Osteen;god
God had one son on earth without sin, but never one without suffering.;Saint Augustine;god
I tremble for my country when I hear of confidence expressed in me. I know too well my weakness, that our only hope is in God.;Robert E. Lee;god
Our worldly successes cannot be guaranteed, but our ability to achieve spiritual success is entirely up to us, thanks to the grace of God. The best advice I know is to give is to give those worldly things your best but never your all - reserve the ultimate hope for the only one who can grant it.;Mitt Romney;god
