They gave each other a smile with a future in it.;Ring Lardner;future
The future is always beginning now.;Mark Strand;future
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.;Buddha;future
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.;Eleanor Roosevelt;future
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future it is something you design for the present.;Jim Rohn;future
Let us not seek the Republican answer or the Democratic answer, but the right answer. Let us not seek to fix the blame for the past. Let us accept our own responsibility for the future.;John F. Kennedy;future
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.;John F. Kennedy;future
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now.;Denis Waitley;future
Let him who would enjoy a good future waste none of his present.;Roger Babson;future
I'll never stop dreaming that one day we can be a real family, together, all of us laughing and talking, loving and understanding, not looking at the past but only to the future.;LaToya Jackson;future
The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time.;Abraham Lincoln;future
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.;Simone de Beauvoir;future
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored.;Earl Nightingale;future
When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future.;Bernard Meltzer;future
Future. That period of time in which our affairs prosper, our friends are true and our happiness is assured.;Ambrose Bierce;future
Pick the day. Enjoy it - to the hilt. The day as it comes. People as they come... The past, I think, has helped me appreciate the present - and I don't want to spoil any of it by fretting about the future.;Audrey Hepburn;future
The assertion that 'all men are created equal' was of no practical use in effecting our separation from Great Britain and it was placed in the Declaration not for that, but for future use.;Abraham Lincoln;future
Our most basic common link is that we all inhabit this planet. We all breathe the same air. We all cherish our children's future. And we are all mortal.;John F. Kennedy;future
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.;Thomas Jefferson;future
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.;George Bernard Shaw;future
Set your sights high, the higher the better. Expect the most wonderful things to happen, not in the future but right now. Realize that nothing is too good. Allow absolutely nothing to hamper you or hold you up in any way.;Eileen Caddy;future
All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.;Brian Tracy;future
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.;Maya Angelou;future
Some mischievous people always there. Last several thousand years, always there. In future, also.;Dalai Lama;future
The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of 60 minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.;C. S. Lewis;future
Once I knew only darkness and stillness... my life was without past or future... but a little word from the fingers of another fell into my hand that clutched at emptiness, and my heart leaped to the rapture of living.;Helen Keller;future
I look forward to a great future for America - a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose.;John F. Kennedy;future
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.;Richard Bach;future
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.;Dean Acheson;future
Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.;Corrie Ten Boom;future
To state the facts frankly is not to despair the future nor indict the past. The prudent heir takes careful inventory of his legacies and gives a faithful accounting to those whom he owes an obligation of trust.;John F. Kennedy;future
If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever.;George Orwell;future
History is a relentless master. It has no present, only the past rushing into the future. To try to hold fast is to be swept aside.;John F. Kennedy;future
Forgiving does not erase the bitter past. A healed memory is not a deleted memory. Instead, forgiving what we cannot forget creates a new way to remember. We change the memory of our past into a hope for our future.;Lewis B. Smedes;future
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.;Oprah Winfrey;future
While I take inspiration from the past, like most Americans, I live for the future.;Ronald Reagan;future
Life is a series of collisions with the future it is not the sum of what we have been, but what we yearn to be.;Jose Ortega y Gasset;future
With the past, I have nothing to do nor with the future. I live now.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;future
My future is righteousness.;Bob Marley;future
All sciences are now under the obligation to prepare the ground for the future task of the philosopher, which is to solve the problem of value, to determine the true hierarchy of values.;Friedrich Nietzsche;future
The best way to predict the future is to create it.;Peter Drucker;future
There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God.;Bill Cosby;future
Do not brood over your past mistakes and failures as this will only fill your mind with grief, regret and depression. Do not repeat them in the future.;Sivananda;future
A mother's happiness is like a beacon, lighting up the future but reflected also on the past in the guise of fond memories.;Honore de Balzac;future
I can't speak for the future. I have no crystal ball.;Michael Jordan;future
All political thinking for years past has been vitiated in the same way. People can foresee the future only when it coincides with their own wishes, and the most grossly obvious facts can be ignored when they are unwelcome.;George Orwell;future
Don't forget what I discovered that over ninety percent of all national deficits from 1921 to 1939 were caused by payments for past, present, and future wars.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;future
The future influences the present just as much as the past.;Friedrich Nietzsche;future
A women who doesn't wear perfume has no future.;Coco Chanel;future
The hardships that I encountered in the past will help me succeed in the future.;Philip Emeagwali;future
I go to school the youth to learn the future.;Robert Frost;future
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.;Bradley Whitford;future
Everyone here has the sense that right now is one of those moments when we are influencing the future.;Steve Jobs;future
Take time to gather up the past so that you will be able to draw from your experience and invest them in the future.;Jim Rohn;future
You can never plan the future by the past.;Edmund Burke;future
True happiness is... to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;future
People respond when you tell them there is a great future in front of you, you can leave your past behind.;Joel Osteen;future
We've demonstrated a strong track record of being very disciplined with the use of our cash. We don't let it burn a hole in our pocket, we don't allow it to motivate us to do stupid acquisitions. And so I think that we'd like to continue to keep our powder dry, because we do feel that there are one or more strategic opportunities in the future.;Steve Jobs;future
Real generosity toward the future lies in giving all to the present.;Albert Camus;future
Without culture, and the relative freedom it implies, society, even when perfect, is but a jungle. This is why any authentic creation is a gift to the future.;Albert Camus;future
The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future in life.;Plato;future
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.;Wayne Dyer;future
Deficits mean future tax increases, pure and simple. Deficit spending should be viewed as a tax on future generations, and politicians who create deficits should be exposed as tax hikers.;Ron Paul;future
It is by no means an irrational fancy that, in a future existence, we shall look upon what we think our present existence, as a dream.;Edgar Allan Poe;future
We are the only beings on the planet who lead such rich internal lives that it's not the events that matter most to us, but rather, it's how we interpret those events that will determine how we think about ourselves and how we will act in the future.;Tony Robbins;future
Yesterday's the past, tomorrow's the future, but today is a gift. That's why it's called the present.;Bil Keane;future
Losers live in the past. Winners learn from the past and enjoy working in the present toward the future.;Denis Waitley;future
God is more interested in your future and your relationships than you are.;Billy Graham;future
The danger of the past was that men became slaves. The danger of the future is that man may become robots.;Erich Fromm;future
We can choose a future where we export more products and outsource fewer jobs. After a decade that was defined by what we bought and borrowed, we're getting back to basics, and doing what America has always done best: We're making things again.;Barack Obama;future
When I look into the future, it's so bright it burns my eyes.;Oprah Winfrey;future
Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove. But I find that the whole order of Nature confirms my confidence that, if it is not like our noblest hopes and dreams, it will transcend them.;Henry Norris Russell;future
Here is the rule to remember in the future, When anything tempts you to be bitter: not, 'This is a misfortune' but 'To bear this worthily is good fortune.';Marcus Aurelius;future
We should not fret for what is past, nor should we be anxious about the future men of discernment deal only with the present moment.;Chanakya;future
As I've said, there were patriots who supported this war, and patriots who opposed it. And all of us are united in appreciation for our servicemen and women, and our hopes for Iraqis' future.;Barack Obama;future
Not only our future economic soundness but the very soundness of our democratic institutions depends on the determination of our government to give employment to idle men.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;future
Times and conditions change so rapidly that we must keep our aim constantly focused on the future.;Walt Disney;future
It is said that the present is pregnant with the future.;Voltaire;future
The illiterate of the future will not be the person who cannot read. It will be the person who does not know how to learn.;Alvin Toffler;future
You can choose a future where more Americans have the chance to gain the skills they need to compete, no matter how old they are or how much money they have. Education was the gateway to opportunity for me. It was the gateway for Michelle. And now more than ever, it is the gateway to a middle-class life.;Barack Obama;future
If I am elected President of these United States, I will work with all my energy and soul to restore that America, to lift our eyes to a better future. That future is our destiny. That future is out there. It is waiting for us. Our children deserve it, our nation depends upon it, the peace and freedom of the world require it.;Mitt Romney;future
Business, more than any other occupation, is a continual dealing with the future it is a continual calculation, an instinctive exercise in foresight.;Henry R. Luce;future
Our combat mission is ending, but our commitment to Iraq's future is not.;Barack Obama;future
Every time I see an adult on a bicycle, I no longer despair for the future of the human race.;H. G. Wells;future
I was a peripheral visionary. I could see the future, but only way off to the side.;Steven Wright;future
America is false to the past, false to the present, and solemnly binds herself to be false to the future.;Frederick Douglass;future
I know why I am here and my only real focused goal is to live each day to the fullest and to try and honor God and be an encouragement to others. What the future holds is firmly in God's hands, and I am very happy about that!;Ken Hensley;future
A liberal is a man or a woman or a child who looks forward to a better day, a more tranquil night, and a bright, infinite future.;Leonard Bernstein;future
There are necessary evils. Money is an important thing in terms of representing freedom in our world. And now I have a daughter to think about. It's really the first time I've thought about the future and what it could be.;Johnny Depp;future
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's were the fun is.;Donald Trump;future
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.;Alan Kay;future
Without forgiveness, there's no future.;Desmond Tutu;future
We should regret our mistakes and learn from them, but never carry them forward into the future with us.;Lucy Maud Montgomery;future
Education is the investment our generation makes in the future.;Mitt Romney;future
Each man should frame life so that at some future hour fact and his dreaming meet.;Victor Hugo;future
I think the teaching profession contributes more to the future of our society than any other single profession.;John Wooden;future
Without libraries what have we? We have no past and no future.;Ray Bradbury;future
I tell you the past is a bucket of ashes, so live not in your yesterdays, no just for tomorrow, but in the here and now. Keep moving and forget the post mortems and remember, no one can get the jump on the future.;Carl Sandburg;future
The essence of statesmanship is not a rigid adherence to the past, but a prudent and probing concern for the future.;Hubert H. Humphrey;future
