Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point.;C. S. Lewis;courage
Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway.;John Wayne;courage
Don't Make Assumptions. Find the courage to ask questions and to express what you really want. Communicate with others as clearly as you can to avoid misunderstandings, sadness and drama. With just this one agreement, you can completely transform your life.;Miguel Angel Ruiz;courage
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.;Aristotle;courage
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction.;John F. Kennedy;courage
One man with courage is a majority.;Thomas Jefferson;courage
Have the courage to say no. Have the courage to face the truth. Do the right thing because it is right. These are the magic keys to living your life with integrity.;W. Clement Stone;courage
Faced with what is right, to leave it undone shows a lack of courage.;Confucius;courage
How few there are who have courage enough to own their faults, or resolution enough to mend them.;Benjamin Franklin;courage
Who could refrain that had a heart to love and in that heart courage to make love known?;William Shakespeare;courage
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.;Dale Carnegie;courage
It takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new. But there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful. There is more security in the adventurous and exciting, for in movement there is life, and in change there is power.;Alan Cohen;courage
A great part of courage is the courage of having done the thing before.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;courage
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace.;Victor Hugo;courage
He is a man of courage who does not run away, but remains at his post and fights against the enemy.;Socrates;courage
From caring comes courage.;Lao Tzu;courage
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.;Anais Nin;courage
The only service a friend can really render is to keep up your courage by holding up to you a mirror in which you can see a noble image of yourself.;George Bernard Shaw;courage
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.;Charlie Chaplin;courage
Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.;Harry S. Truman;courage
The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud.;Coco Chanel;courage
Those who lack the courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.;Albert Camus;courage
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts.;John Wooden;courage
Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened.;Billy Graham;courage
Be courageous. I have seen many depressions in business. Always America has emerged from these stronger and more prosperous. Be brave as your fathers before you. Have faith! Go forward!;Thomas A. Edison;courage
Courage is a kind of salvation.;Plato;courage
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.;George S. Patton;courage
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.;Andre Gide;courage
Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties.;Erich Fromm;courage
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?;Vincent Van Gogh;courage
God, give us grace to accept with serenity the things that cannot be changed, courage to change the things which should be changed and the wisdom to distinguish the one from the other.;Reinhold Niebuhr;courage
Courage is fire, and bullying is smoke.;Benjamin Disraeli;courage
America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.;Harry S. Truman;courage
It requires more courage to suffer than to die.;Napoleon Bonaparte;courage
Courage is found in unlikely places.;J. R. R. Tolkien;courage
Courage is the greatest of all virtues, because if you haven't courage, you may not have an opportunity to use any of the others.;Samuel Johnson;courage
To have courage for whatever comes in life - everything lies in that.;Saint Teresa of Avila;courage
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger and more complex... It takes a touch of genius - and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction.;E. F. Schumacher;courage
The opposite for courage is not cowardice, it is conformity. Even a dead fish can go with the flow.;Jim Hightower;courage
One man with courage makes a majority.;Andrew Jackson;courage
Real courage is when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.;Harper Lee;courage
I'm grateful to God for His bountiful gifts... He gave me courage and faith in myself.;Loretta Young;courage
A great deal of talent is lost to the world for want of a little courage. Every day sends to their graves obscure men whose timidity prevented them from making a first effort.;Sydney Smith;courage
The secret to happiness is freedom... And the secret to freedom is courage.;Thucydides;courage
A lot of people do not muster the courage to live their dreams because they are afraid to die.;Les Brown;courage
We must have courage to bet on our ideas, to take the calculated risk, and to act. Everyday living requires courage if life is to be effective and bring happiness.;Maxwell Maltz;courage
The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself, in spite of being unacceptable.;Paul Tillich;courage
Never be discouraged. If I were sunk in the lowest pits of Nova Scotia, with the Rocky Mountains piled on me, I would hang on, exercise faith, and keep up good courage, and I would come out on top.;Joseph Smith, Jr.;courage
It is only necessary to have courage, for strength without self-confidence is useless.;Giacomo Casanova;courage
We have a powerful potential in out youth, and we must have the courage to change old ideas and practices so that we may direct their power toward good ends.;Mary McLeod Bethune;courage
Courage - a perfect sensibility of the measure of danger, and a mental willingness to endure it.;William Tecumseh Sherman;courage
If you are lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.;John Irving;courage
Courage is not the absence of despair it is, rather, the capacity to move ahead in spite of despair.;Rollo May;courage
Courage is being afraid but going on anyhow.;Dan Rather;courage
Clear thinking requires courage rather than intelligence.;Thomas Szasz;courage
People with courage and character always seem sinister to the rest.;Hermann Hesse;courage
Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections.;Saint Francis de Sales;courage
The best protection any woman can have... is courage.;Elizabeth Cady Stanton;courage
The trials on the road to world harmony are no greater than the courage of those who accept the challenge.;Carl Lewis;courage
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.;Lao Tzu;courage
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.;Winston Churchill;courage
We gain strength, and courage, and confidence by each experience in which we really stop to look fear in the face... we must do that which we think we cannot.;Eleanor Roosevelt;courage
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.;Walt Disney;courage
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.;Reinhold Niebuhr;courage
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.;Bruce Lee;courage
My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry to get my work done and try to love somebody and have the courage to accept the love in return.;Maya Angelou;courage
I, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels my strength, who makes enormous demands on me, who does not doubt my courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naive or innocent, who has the courage to treat me like a woman.;Anais Nin;courage
You have to accept whatever comes and the only important thing is that you meet it with courage and with the best that you have to give.;Eleanor Roosevelt;courage
Courage means to keep working a relationship, to continue seeking solutions to difficult problems, and to stay focused during stressful periods.;Denis Waitley;courage
History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again.;Maya Angelou;courage
One isn't necessarily born with courage, but one is born with potential. Without courage, we cannot practice any other virtue with consistency. We can't be kind, true, merciful, generous, or honest.;Maya Angelou;courage
You don't develop courage by being happy in your relationships everyday. You develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity.;Epicurus;courage
Above all, we must realize that no arsenal, or no weapon in the arsenals of the world, is so formidable as the will and moral courage of free men and women. It is a weapon our adversaries in today's world do not have.;Ronald Reagan;courage
It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare.;Mark Twain;courage
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.;Confucius;courage
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities... because it is the quality which guarantees all others.;Winston Churchill;courage
A nation which has forgotten the quality of courage which in the past has been brought to public life is not as likely to insist upon or regard that quality in its chosen leaders today - and in fact we have forgotten.;John F. Kennedy;courage
A man of courage is also full of faith.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;courage
Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds.;Orison Swett Marden;courage
Do you really think it is weakness that yields to temptation? I tell you that there are terrible temptations which it requires strength, strength and courage to yield to.;Oscar Wilde;courage
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.;e. e. cummings;courage
The courage of life is often a less dramatic spectacle than the courage of a final moment but it is no less a magnificent mixture of triumph and tragedy.;John F. Kennedy;courage
He who has faith has... an inward reservoir of courage, hope, confidence, calmness, and assuring trust that all will come out well - even though to the world it may appear to come out most badly.;B. C. Forbes;courage
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees the others.;Aristotle;courage
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.;Robert Green Ingersoll;courage
Every man has his own courage, and is betrayed because he seeks in himself the courage of other persons.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;courage
You may not always have a comfortable life and you will not always be able to solve all of the world's problems at once but don't ever underestimate the importance you can have because history has shown us that courage can be contagious and hope can take on a life of its own.;Michelle Obama;courage
The principles of living greatly include the capacity to face trouble with courage, disappointment with cheerfulness, and trial with humility.;Thomas S. Monson;courage
Courage is a mean with regard to fear and confidence.;Aristotle;courage
Don't wish me happiness - I don't expect to be happy it's gotten beyond that, somehow. Wish me courage and strength and a sense of humor - I will need them all.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;courage
Simulated disorder postulates perfect discipline simulated fear postulates courage simulated weakness postulates strength.;Lao Tzu;courage
I want to grow old without facelifts. I want to have the courage to be loyal to the face I have made.;Marilyn Monroe;courage
My message, especially to young people is to have courage to think differently, courage to invent, to travel the unexplored path, courage to discover the impossible and to conquer the problems and succeed. These are great qualities that they must work towards. This is my message to the young people.;Abdul Kalam;courage
A man of great common sense and good taste - meaning thereby a man without originality or moral courage.;George Bernard Shaw;courage
It is only through labor and painful effort, by grim energy and resolute courage, that we move on to better things.;Theodore Roosevelt;courage
I never thought much of the courage of a lion tamer. Inside the cage he is at least safe from people.;George Bernard Shaw;courage
True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow, that's what courage is.;Norman Schwarzkopf;courage
Courtesy is as much a mark of a gentleman as courage.;Theodore Roosevelt;courage
He's a man of great common sense and good taste - meaning thereby a man without originality or moral courage.;George Bernard Shaw;courage
