In every community, there is work to be done. In every nation, there are wounds to heal. In every heart, there is the power to do it.;Marianne Williamson;work
As for me, prizes are nothing. My prize is my work.;Katharine Hepburn;work
These things will destroy the human race: politics without principle, progress without compassion, wealth without work, learning without silence, religion without fearlessness and worship without awareness.;Anthony de Mello;work
Young people are threatened... by the evil use of advertising techniques that stimulate the natural inclination to avoid hard work by promising the immediate satisfaction of every desire.;Pope John Paul II;work
I never called my work an 'art'. It's part of show business, the business of building entertainment.;Walt Disney;work
Nobody in life gets exactly what they thought they were going to get. But if you work really hard and you're kind, amazing things will happen.;Conan O'Brien;work
And Barack and I were raised with so many of the same values, like you work hard for what you want in life. That your word is your bond that you do what you say you're going to do. That you treat people with dignity and respect, even if you don't know them and even if you don't agree with them.;Michelle Obama;work
Sometimes what works 40 years ago doesn't work today.;Joel Osteen;work
Where the spirit does not work with the hand, there is no art.;Leonardo da Vinci;work
All growth depends upon activity. There is no development physically or intellectually without effort, and effort means work.;Calvin Coolidge;work
I have so much chaos in my life, it's become normal. You become used to it. You have to just relax, calm down, take a deep breath and try to see how you can make things work rather than complain about how they're wrong.;Tom Welling;work
Communication is a skill that you can learn. It's like riding a bicycle or typing. If you're willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of evry part of your life.;Brian Tracy;work
A gentle word, a kind look, a good-natured smile can work wonders and accomplish miracles.;William Hazlitt;work
The human foot is a masterpiece of engineering and a work of art.;Leonardo da Vinci;work
Of all the things I've done, the most vital is coordinating those who work with me and aiming their efforts at a certain goal.;Walt Disney;work
The mediator of the inexpressible is the work of art.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;work
Good management is the art of making problems so interesting and their solutions so constructive that everyone wants to get to work and deal with them.;Paul Hawken;work
There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony. There is time for work. And time for love. That leaves no other time!;Coco Chanel;work
On Sundays when I speak, I hopefully give somebody something that they can use the next day at work or at home.;Joel Osteen;work
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.;Richard Bach;work
You do the work and you want people to see it but, um while I'm doing the work, the result doesn't matter at all to me. Ultimately, I don't, I don't care whether the film is - you know - some big giant box-office bonanza and I don't care if its a complete flop. To me, when a film gets made and it's actually finished it's a success. They're all a success in their own way.;Johnny Depp;work
Begin - to begin is half the work, let half still remain again begin this, and thou wilt have finished.;Marcus Aurelius;work
I used to work in a fire hydrant factory. You couldn't park anywhere near the place.;Steven Wright;work
Blessed is he who has found his work let him ask no other blessedness.;Thomas Carlyle;work
I'm going to work so that it's a pure guts race at the end, and if it is, I am the only one who can win it.;Steve Prefontaine;work
We go to school to learn to work hard for money. I write books and create products that teach people how to have money work hard for them.;Robert Kiyosaki;work
Not only is women's work never done, the definition keeps changing.;Bill Copeland;work
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work.;Robert Orben;work
People are saying that I'm an alcoholic, and that's not true, because I only drink when I work, and I'm a workaholic.;Ron White;work
Today's misery is real unemployment, home foreclosures and bankruptcies. This is the Obama Misery Index and its at a record high. Its going to take more than new rhetoric to put Americans back to work - its going to take a new president.;Mitt Romney;work
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.;Calvin Coolidge;work
It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work.;Thomas A. Edison;work
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.;Gordon B. Hinckley;work
It is understanding that gives us an ability to have peace. When we understand the other fellow's viewpoint, and he understands ours, then we can sit down and work out our differences.;Harry S. Truman;work
Love and work... work and love, that's all there is.;Sigmund Freud;work
Believe that with your feelings and your work you are taking part in the greatest the more strongly you cultivate this belief, the more will reality and the world go forth from it.;Rainer Maria Rilke;work
Reform is not pleasant, but grievous no person can reform themselves without suffering and hard work, how much less a nation.;Thomas Carlyle;work
Europe is so well gardened that it resembles a work of art, a scientific theory, a neat metaphysical system. Man has re-created Europe in his own image.;Aldous Huxley;work
If you cannot work on the marriage or the women is a moron, staying married and cheating makes the most sense because divorce is disruptive to the family life and your bank account.;Al Goldstein;work
Temptation is an irresistible force at work on a movable body.;H. L. Mencken;work
I still work out on a daily basis.;Clint Eastwood;work
We don't have enough support for maternal leave and the kinds of things that some of the European countries do. So we still make it hard on women to go into the work force and feel that they can be good at work but then doing the most important job, which is raising your children in a responsible and positive way.;Hillary Clinton;work
The American culture promotes personal responsibility, the dignity of work, the value of education, the merit of service, devotion to a purpose greater than self, and at the foundation, the pre-eminence of family.;Mitt Romney;work
Plan your work for today and every day, then work your plan.;Margaret Thatcher;work
Third, we will make trade work for America by forging new trade agreements. And when nations cheat in trade, there will be unmistakable consequences.;Mitt Romney;work
You make mistakes, but I don't have any regrets. I'm the kind of person who takes responsibility for it and deals with it. I learn from everything I do. I work very hard, I have so many things going on in my life. Get to know me and see who I am.;Kim Kardashian;work
For every two minutes of glamour, there are eight hours of hard work.;Jessica Savitch;work
Our nation is too different, too diverse to say that what works in Massachusetts is somehow going to be grabbed by the federal government, usurping the power of states and imposing a one-size-fits-all plan on the nation. That will not work.;Mitt Romney;work
Our environment, the world in which we live and work, is a mirror of our attitudes and expectations.;Earl Nightingale;work
Play is often talked about as if it were a relief from serious learning. But for children play is serious learning. Play is really the work of childhood.;Fred Rogers;work
Communism doesn't work because people like to own stuff.;Frank Zappa;work
It's not the work which kills people, it's the worry. It's not the revolution that destroys machinery it's the friction.;Henry Ward Beecher;work
If there is dissatisfaction with the status quo, good. If there is ferment, so much the better. If there is restlessness, I am pleased. Then let there be ideas, and hard thought, and hard work. If man feels small, let man make himself bigger.;Hubert H. Humphrey;work
Gentleness doesn't get work done unless you happen to be a hen laying eggs.;Coco Chanel;work
I never expect to see a perfect work from an imperfect man.;Alexander Hamilton;work
I have no idols. I admire work, dedication and competence.;Ayrton Senna;work
I don't think the money people in Hollywood have ever thought I was normal, but I am dedicated to my work and that's what counts.;Angelina Jolie;work
There is a sense that things, if you keep positive and optimistic about what can be done, do work out.;Hillary Clinton;work
It's hard to do it because you gotta look people in the eye and tell 'em they're irresponsible and lazy. And who's gonna wanna do that? Because that's what poverty is, ladies and gentlemen. In this country, you can succeed if you get educated and work hard. Period. Period.;Bill O'Reilly;work
One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important.;Bertrand Russell;work
A sense of duty is useful in work but offensive in personal relations. People wish to be liked, not to be endured with patient resignation.;Bertrand Russell;work
To finish a work? To finish a picture? What nonsense! To finish it means to be through with it, to kill it, to rid it of its soul, to give it its final blow the coup de grace for the painter as well as for the picture.;Pablo Picasso;work
I think what makes our marriage work amid all the glare is that my husband is my best friend. He inspires everything in my life and enables me to do the best that I can. I want to hang out with him more than anyone.;Faith Hill;work
Put two or three men in positions of conflicting authority. This will force them to work at loggerheads, allowing you to be the ultimate arbiter.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;work
A man willing to work, and unable to find work, is perhaps the saddest sight that fortune's inequality exhibits under this sun.;Thomas Carlyle;work
I have offended God and mankind because my work didn't reach the quality it should have.;Leonardo da Vinci;work
It is no good getting furious if you get stuck. What I do is keep thinking about the problem but work on something else. Sometimes it is years before I see the way forward. In the case of information loss and black holes, it was 29 years.;Stephen Hawking;work
One might think that the money value of an invention constitutes its reward to the man who loves his work. But... I continue to find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.;Thomas A. Edison;work
Results! Why, man, I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that won't work.;Thomas A. Edison;work
I find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.;Thomas A. Edison;work
Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.;Nikola Tesla;work
An artist never really finishes his work, he merely abandons it.;Paul Valery;work
People are not perfect... very often the relationships that are strongest are those where people have worked through big crises, but they've had to work through them. So the challenge to us is to work through that.;Patricia Hewitt;work
Most of the energy of political work is devoted to correcting the effects of mismanagement of government.;Milton Friedman;work
Individuality is founded in feeling and the recesses of feeling, the darker, blinder strata of character, are the only places in the world in which we catch real fact in the making, and directly perceive how events happen, and how work is actually done.;William James;work
The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection.;Michelangelo;work
I'd like to believe that the people that have supported me in my work or identified with me in films, the people that feel they know me, they do and they don't have misconceptions - they understand. I believe that.;Angelina Jolie;work
Your expectations opens or closes the doors of your supply, If you expect grand things, and work honestly for them, they will come to you, your supply will correspond with your expectation.;Orison Swett Marden;work
I'm not interested in trying to work on people's perceptions. I am who I am, and if you don't take the time to learn about that, then your perception is going to be your problem.;Jim Brown;work
Like every man of sense and good feeling, I abominate work.;Aldous Huxley;work
Old age is not a matter for sorrow. It is matter for thanks if we have left our work done behind us.;Thomas Carlyle;work
I am a real ham. I love an audience. I work better with an audience. I am dead, in fact, without one.;Lucille Ball;work
The first lesson I've learned is that no matter what you do in your life, you have to figure out your own internal rhythms - I mean, what works for you doesn't necessarily work for your friend.;Hillary Clinton;work
I'm one of these very focused people when it comes to day-to-day work, and I'm trying not to think about what comes next so that I can stay very focused on what I'm doing now.;Hillary Clinton;work
I'm not in control of my muse. My muse does all the work.;Ray Bradbury;work
It takes a lot of energy to be negative. You have to work at it. But smiling is painless. I'd rather spend my energy smiling.;Eric Davis;work
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve it through not dying.;Woody Allen;work
Mere longevity is a good thing for those who watch Life from the side lines. For those who play the game, an hour may be a year, a single day's work an achievement for eternity.;Helen Hayes;work
There is never time in the future in which we will work out our salvation. The challenge is in the moment the time is always now.;James A. Baldwin;work
Every great work, every big accomplishment, has been brought into manifestation through holding to the vision, and often just before the big achievement, comes apparent failure and discouragement.;Florence Scovel Shinn;work
Work as though you would live forever, and live as though you would die today. Go another mile!;Og Mandino;work
One is not idle because one is absorbed. There is both visible and invisible labor. To contemplate is to toil, to think is to do. The crossed arms work, the clasped hands act. The eyes upturned to Heaven are an act of creation.;Victor Hugo;work
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable.;Donald Trump;work
Happiness is ideal, it is the work of the imagination.;Marquis de Sade;work
If you do not feel yourself growing in your work and your life broadening and deepening, if your task is not a perpetual tonic to you, you have not found your place.;Orison Swett Marden;work
I work really hard at trying to see the big picture and not getting stuck in ego. I believe we're all put on this planet for a purpose, and we all have a different purpose... When you connect with that love and that compassion, that's when everything unfolds.;Ellen DeGeneres;work
I do not believe in excuses. I believe in hard work as the prime solvent of life's problems.;James Cash Penney;work
The work an unknown good man has done is like a vein of water flowing hidden underground, secretly making the ground green.;Thomas Carlyle;work
I suppose I have a really loose interpretation of 'work,' because I think that just being alive is so much work at something you don't always want to do. The machinery is always going. Even when you sleep.;Andy Warhol;work
