We've been co-evolving with our technology for a hundred thousand years. Human beings and the technology we make were always inseparable. We're finally coming into this moment where it's coming inside our body for the first time in history.;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
We humans have a love-hate relationship with our technology. We love each new advance and we hate how fast our world is changing... The robots really embody that love-hate relationship we have with technology.;Daniel H. Wilson;technology
What makes the production of my work so expensive? The whole installation thing - the construction, the objects, the technology. It really adds up.;Barbara Kruger;technology
A successful society is characterized by a rising living standard for its population, increasing investment in factories and basic infrastructure, and the generation of additional surplus, which is invested in generating new discoveries in science and technology.;Robert Trout;technology
I mean, technology is amoral. It has no morality.;Robert Ballard;technology
I've always been interested in the relationship between total external surround, culture, the political matrix, technology, etc., and the internal human consciousness.;Norman Spinrad;technology
I support any procedure that allows photographers to express themselves, whether that involves color, black and white, platinum, palladium and digital technology.;John Sexton;technology
In my mind I needed a symbol of today's technology, and I realized that what I wanted to photograph was the Space Shuttle. And so that's where Places of Power came into being.;John Sexton;technology
Instead of the international police action we had hoped for during the war in Kosovo, there are wars again - conducted with state-of-the-art technology, but still in the old style.;Jurgen Habermas;technology
But some great records are are being made with today's technology and there are still great artists among us. Likewise there are artists today who are so reliant on modern technology, they wouldn't have emerged when recording was more organic.;Tony Visconti;technology
I enjoy privacy. I think it's nice to have a little mystery. I think because of technology a lot of the mystery is gone in life, and I'd like to preserve some of that.;Maggie Q;technology
It would be unwise to say the least, irresponsible of us at the TSA, at the Homeland Security Department not to evolve our technology to match the changing threat environment that we inhabit.;Janet Napolitano;technology
As part of our layered approach, we have expedited the deployment of new Advanced Imaging Technology (AIT) units to help detect concealed metallic and non-metallic threats on passengers. These machines are now in use at airports nationwide, and the vast majority of travelers say they prefer this technology to alternative screening measures.;Janet Napolitano;technology
All images generated by imaging technology are viewed in a walled-off location not visible to the public. The officer assisting the passenger never sees the image, and the officer viewing the image never interacts with the passenger. The imaging technology that we use cannot store, export, print or transmit images.;Janet Napolitano;technology
But my view is that you need a system at the border. You need some fencing but you need technology. You need boots on the ground. And then you need to have interior enforcement of our nation's immigration laws inside the country. And that means dealing with the employers who still consistently hire illegal labor.;Janet Napolitano;technology
What we're doing is making sure that we have a safe and secure border region from San Diego all the way to Brownsville. And that means manpower, it means technology, it means infrastructure, it means interior enforcement. All, you know, kind of layered in appropriate ways, and making sure, like I said before, the border is safe and secure.;Janet Napolitano;technology
Now, a lot of what we are doing right now, quite frankly, is because of what happened on Christmas. Many of the things were kind of in the works. We were already planning, for example, the purchase and deployment of advanced imaging technology. You call them body scanners. We call them AITs (Advanced Imaging Technologies).;Janet Napolitano;technology
Because I do think - not just in building AOL - but just the world in which we live is a very confusing, rapidly changing world where technology has accelerated.;Steve Case;technology
I've been really excited about some new cutting edge electronic music and technology.;Mike Shinoda;technology
I love technology. We can be our own DJs wherever we go.;Ludacris;technology
NAFTA recognizes the reality of today's economy - globalization and technology. Our future is not in competing at the low-level wage job it is in creating high-wage, new technology jobs based on our skills and our productivity.;John F. Kerry;technology
I've been so entwined with technology since I was about 15, recording myself and multitracking and producing things on my own.;St. Vincent;technology
Education technology and school construction go together. Modernization, updating education facilities, and making a capital investment in education are all included.;Major Owens;technology
Education technology is very important because we have a massive challenge in public schools.;Major Owens;technology
I do not think we are ever going to be able to, for a long time, get the kind of quality of school personnel that we need in our schools, especially in the areas of science and math. One of the answers to that problem is to use more educational technology.;Major Owens;technology
I will continue my activities related to education in one way or another. I certainly would have at the top my agenda, with respect to education, the need to do much better with modern educational technology.;Major Owens;technology
I would like to spend my next two years showing how the aim of making technology available to every young person can be built into the effort to make our nation more secure. That is my latest concern and what I will be pushing over the next two years.;Major Owens;technology
Technology tools such as laptops are the kind of help that we need. A program that provides laptops for all youngsters would close a gap that most of us are not aware of, or will not admit to, which is a tremendous gap in the poor communities.;Major Owens;technology
Therefore, you are not training young people for the world of today and the world of tomorrow unless you are doing proven technology training. That is one of the reasons I'm so concerned.;Major Owens;technology
We can close the gap and improve what happens in the classroom by using educational technology that is the same high quality everywhere.;Major Owens;technology
We can do it better, more consistently, and in the end, it will cost us less because the students that we produce will be superior to those without technology experience.;Major Owens;technology
With a fourth generation of nuclear power, you can have a technology that will burn more than 99 percent of the energy in the fuel. It would mean that you don't need to mine uranium for the next thousand years.;James Hansen;technology
I have never come across a technology that doesn't change. This is inevitable. You have to adapt your systems as technology develops.;Gijs de Vries;technology
But the first the general public learned about the discovery was the news of the destruction of Hiroshima by the atom bomb. A splendid achievement of science and technology had turned malign. Science became identified with death and destruction.;Joseph Rotblat;technology
We're in a time now where technology is such that we can create anything, and that's what's new about television and film these days.;Jennifer Morrison;technology
A total nuclear freeze is counterproductive - especially now, when technology is rapidly changing and the Soviets have some important strategic advantages.;Herman Kahn;technology
I spend so much time on the screen when I am writing, the last thing you want to do is spend more time on the Internet looking at a screen. That's what I hate about all this technology.;Irvine Welsh;technology
When CD technology first came out, it was just so much waste.;Rick Danko;technology
I think that there are changes that have occurred in technology that make is that more people can have the same level of information that I have. My advantage is that I'm very good at interpreting the information.;Jim Cramer;technology
Advances in technology and in our understanding of illness and disease together with an expanded workforce and greater resources will allow us to provide more services to a higher quality.;John Hutton;technology
Looking down the road, space exploration and the benefits it yields - in medicine and information technology - should not be overlooked.;Bob Barr;technology
The recent fascination, I think, reflects the shift in approach by law enforcement officials to embrace technology as wholeheartedly as the rest of the world.;Jeffery Deaver;technology
Modern technology has become a total phenomenon for civilization, the defining force of a new social order in which efficiency is no longer an option but a necessity imposed on all human activity.;Jacques Ellul;technology
Weapons of mass destruction aren't pulled out of a black hat like a white rabbit at a magic show. They're produced in factories. There's science and technology involved. They're not produced in a hole in the ground or in a basement.;Scott Ritter;technology
The original PATRIOT Act greatly increased our nation's ability to share intelligence information, made better use of technology, and provided terrorism investigators tools that have long been available in cases involving illegal drugs and organized crime.;Michael K. Simpson;technology
I think that if the novel's task is to describe where we find ourselves and how we live now, the novelist must take a good, hard look at the most central facts of contemporary life - technology and science.;Richard Powers;technology
What we can do should never by itself determine what we choose to do, yet this is the way technology tends to work.;Richard Powers;technology
My goal for technology has always been to reach a point where the technological mediation becomes invisible.;Richard Powers;technology
Every technology, including the printing press, comes at some price.;Bill Keller;technology
James Cameron has always been way ahead of the curve in terms of the use of technology in his movies.;Joe Morton;technology
Since fantasy isn't about technology, the accelleration has no impact at all. But it's changed the lives of fantasy writers and editors. I get to live in England and work for a New York publisher!;Terri Windling;technology
Today we're focused on small acquisitions to add technology where necessary. I think it's fair to say we're not out looking for a large one, but I think it's also very fair to say that as a public company you can never say never.;Sanjay Kumar;technology
I'm in favor of any technology that makes my work available to the reading public at a reasonable price.;Walter Jon Williams;technology
Scientists at MIT and engineering schools all across America say that they could improve the fuel economy standards for the existing set of vehicles by 10 miles per gallon using existing technology, without compromising safety or comfort at all.;Ed Markey;technology
We know that al Qaeda is seeking radioactive materials and technology to launch a devastating attack, and that hundreds of radioactive sources have been lost or stolen in the U.S. and around the world.;Ed Markey;technology
Developments in medical technology have long been confined to procedural or pharmaceutical advances, while neglecting a most basic and essential component of medicine: patient information management.;John Doolittle;technology
Take, therefore, what modern technology is capable of: the power of our moral sense allied to the power of communications and our ability to organize internationally.That, in my view, gives us the first opportunity as a community to fundamentally change the world.;Gordon Brown;technology
You can have the best technology in the world, but if you don't have a community who wants to use it and who are excited about it, then it has no purpose.;Chris Hughes;technology
By 2007, we were finally living in a culture where people get what networks are and what technology can do to connect people.;Chris Hughes;technology
I knew I wanted to do something at the nexus of what I call global development and technology.;Chris Hughes;technology
I have a grandson who is 20. He's a computer guy. I'm worried that he can't communicate without his machine. They have no personal contact with people. That's the bad part of technology.;Penny Marshall;technology
So many times, these kids know more about the technology than their parents. And so many times, we're putting kids in very adult situations and expecting them to behave like they're 40 years old. Well, that's just not going to happen.;Amy Klobuchar;technology
Who would know but ten years ago that kids would be texting each other all the time, that that would be one of their main forms of communication. And so many times, these kids know more about the technology than their parents. And so many times, we're putting kids in very adult situations and expecting them to behave like they're 40 years old.;Amy Klobuchar;technology
Most of the debate over the cultures of death and life is about process. The debate focuses on the technology available to determine how we prolong life and how and when we end it.;Suzanne Fields;technology
I mean, when you get down to very low numbers of nuclear weapons, and you contemplate going to zero, how do you deal with the reality of that technology being available to almost any country that seeks to pursue it? And what conditions do you put in place?;Robert M. Gates;technology
Part of the problem is when we bring in a new technology we expect it to be perfect in a way that we don't expect the world that we're familiar with to be perfect.;Esther Dyson;technology
Don't leave hold of your common sense. Think about what you're doing and how the technology can enhance it. Don't think about technology first.;Esther Dyson;technology
The moment of drifting into thought has been so clipped by modern technology. Our lives are filled with distraction with smartphones and all the rest. People are so locked into not being present.;Glen Hansard;technology
The laws of physics should allow us to arrange things molecule by molecule and even atom by atom, and at some point it was inevitable that we would develop a technology that would let us do this.;Ralph Merkle;technology
If you think the technology is infeasible, you don't worry about what it might do and what its potential is.;Ralph Merkle;technology
If you look at the various strategies available for dealing with a new technology, sticking your head in the sand is not the most plausible strategy.;Ralph Merkle;technology
If we attempt to block the development of new technology, we effectively have ensured that the most responsible parties will not develop them.;Ralph Merkle;technology
A molecular manufacturing technology will let us build molecular surgical tools, and those tools will, for the first time, let us directly address the problems at the very root level.;Ralph Merkle;technology
The reality is that what you find out is that your head is the medicine. If your head is not in the right place and you don't think positively, all the medicine technology in the world is not going to work.;Herbie Mann;technology
The one thing that advances a society is not technology or so-called development it's love - that one principle.;Tom Shadyac;technology
Technology is not good, it's neutral.;Tom Shadyac;technology
Use state-of-the-heart technology online and offline to turn listeners into viral advocates and customers into raving fans.;Peter Guber;technology
Language is a more recent technology. Your body language, your eyes, your energy will come through to your audience before you even start speaking.;Peter Guber;technology
I think any new technology that helps connect and create social cohesion is great. But at the end of the day, you and I are analog creatures. We have to take 'oohs and aahs' and convert them to 0s and 1s and then convert them back to 'oohs and aahs.' Narratives that work in social networks are the exchange of stories that are told well.;Peter Guber;technology
Technology is a wonderful tool, but also if used incorrectly a horrible tool. We're fascinated by all aspects of it, whatever makes our human lives easier on the planet, but eventually there will have to be some sort of merger. The fascination isn't going to die down.;Reggie Watts;technology
But by the time I was 40, everything was winding down. It started after the war. On the plus side, there was more more products and technology. But for me the nightlife was winding down, the glamour, the fun.;Cesar Romero;technology
The U.S. is looking to India as more then just a marketplace for our defense products, but as a technology, aerospace and strategic partner for our future endeavors.;Kit Bond;technology
We need a number of solutions - we need more efficiency and conservation. Efficiency is a big one. I think car companies need to do a lot better in producing more efficient cars. They have the technology, we just need to demand them as consumers.;Daryl Hannah;technology
Most people are really stunned to find out that the technology has been around for more than 100 years, and that the diesel engine was in fact invented to run on vegetable oil.;Daryl Hannah;technology
As the father of six children, I know very well the challenges technology poses to our families.;Mike Fitzpatrick;technology
Sampling is kind of prehistoric, given the technology and the textures you can create.;Macklemore;technology
I've been looking at the iPod- the Apple iPod. One of the interesting things about the iPod, one of the things that people love most about it is not the technology it's the box it comes in.;Donald Norman;technology
But now with technology I could sit down and do a bunch of character drawings and scan them into a computer, and the computer using my exact style could bring it into life, where it would have been edited by various human beings before.;Bill Griffith;technology
A world technology means either a world government or world suicide.;Max Lerner;technology
With the way everything's going now and the way that technology is going, you can do a lot of things with a lot of different new materials.;Carmelo Anthony;technology
The federal government... knows how to put a missile in someone's room half way around the world with technology. Why don't we use some of that technology to save some lives here in America?;Michael Nutter;technology
Technology may create a condition, but the questions are what do we do about ourselves. We better understand ourselves pretty clearly and we better find ways to like ourselves.;Herbert Simon;technology
You know, technology CEOs like to think of themselves as rock 'n roll stars.;James Daly;technology
There are a lot of people using technology that are playing to a click with backing vocals already stuck in there on some computerized thing that runs along in time to the show so they have these amazing vocals that are only partly the guys on stage producing them at the time.;James Young;technology
Whereas with us - what you hear is what's happening right then and there on the stage - so we don't need no stinking technology.;James Young;technology
Historically the director has been the key creative element in a film and we must maintain that. We must protect that, in spite of the fact that there is new technology that's continually trying to erode that.;John Frankenheimer;technology
Today, over half of China's undergraduate degrees are in math, science technology and engineering, yet only 16 percent of America's undergraduates pursue these schools.;Cathy McMorris;technology
The Spy Act strikes a right balance between preserving legitimate and benign uses of this technology, while still, at the same time, protecting unwitting consumers from the harm caused when it is misused and, of course, designed for nefarious purposes.;Cliff Stearns;technology
I know what I don't know. To this day, I don't know technology, and I don't know finance or accounting.;Bernard Ebbers;technology
