Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.;John F. Kennedy;forgiveness
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.;Bruce Lee;forgiveness
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much.;Oscar Wilde;forgiveness
Forgiveness is the fragrance that the violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it.;Mark Twain;forgiveness
Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;forgiveness
You will know that forgiveness has begun when you recall those who hurt you and feel the power to wish them well.;Lewis B. Smedes;forgiveness
When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future.;Bernard Meltzer;forgiveness
I can forgive, but I cannot forget, is only another way of saying, I will not forgive. Forgiveness ought to be like a cancelled note - torn in two, and burned up, so that it never can be shown against one.;Henry Ward Beecher;forgiveness
Forgiveness is a virtue of the brave.;Indira Gandhi;forgiveness
He that cannot forgive others breaks the bridge over which he must pass himself for every man has need to be forgiven.;Thomas Fuller;forgiveness
People can be more forgiving than you can imagine. But you have to forgive yourself. Let go of what's bitter and move on.;Bill Cosby;forgiveness
Forgiveness is the final form of love.;Reinhold Niebuhr;forgiveness
Forgiveness is the economy of the heart... forgiveness saves the expense of anger, the cost of hatred, the waste of spirits.;Hannah More;forgiveness
When I was a kid I used to pray every night for a new bicycle. Then I realised that the Lord doesn't work that way so I stole one and asked Him to forgive me.;Emo Philips;forgiveness
How does one know if she has forgiven? You tend to feel sorrow over the circumstance instead of rage, you tend to feel sorry for the person rather than angry with him. You tend to have nothing left to say about it all.;Clarissa Pinkola Estes;forgiveness
To err is human to forgive, divine.;Alexander Pope;forgiveness
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner was you.;Lewis B. Smedes;forgiveness
Forgotten is forgiven.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;forgiveness
A mistake is always forgivable, rarely excusable and always unacceptable.;Robert Fripp;forgiveness
Forgiveness means letting go of the past.;Gerald Jampolsky;forgiveness
The public is wonderfully tolerant. It forgives everything except genius.;Oscar Wilde;forgiveness
Forgiveness is the remission of sins. For it is by this that what has been lost, and was found, is saved from being lost again.;Saint Augustine;forgiveness
There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love.;Bryant H. McGill;forgiveness
If there is something to pardon in everything, there is also something to condemn.;Friedrich Nietzsche;forgiveness
The practice of forgiveness is our most important contribution to the healing of the world.;Marianne Williamson;forgiveness
Forgiveness is the answer to the child's dream of a miracle by which what is broken is made whole again, what is soiled is made clean again.;Dag Hammarskjold;forgiveness
Forgiveness is a funny thing. It warms the heart and cools the sting.;William Arthur Ward;forgiveness
One forgives to the degree that one loves.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;forgiveness
To be social is to be forgiving.;Robert Frost;forgiveness
The ineffable joy of forgiving and being forgiven forms an ecstasy that might well arouse the envy of the gods.;Elbert Hubbard;forgiveness
Man has two great spiritual needs. One is for forgiveness. The other is for goodness.;Billy Graham;forgiveness
Forgiveness is a gift you give yourself.;Suzanne Somers;forgiveness
Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on.;Les Brown;forgiveness
Once a woman has forgiven her man, she must not reheat his sins for breakfast.;Marlene Dietrich;forgiveness
When women love us, they forgive us everything, even our crimes when they do not love us, they give us credit for nothing, not even our virtues.;Honore de Balzac;forgiveness
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.;William Blake;forgiveness
Selfishness must always be forgiven you know, because there is no hope of a cure.;Jane Austen;forgiveness
It takes one person to forgive, it takes two people to be reunited.;Lewis B. Smedes;forgiveness
It's said in Hollywood that you should always forgive your enemies - because you never know when you'll have to work with them.;Lana Turner;forgiveness
Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough.;Garrison Keillor;forgiveness
There is no revenge so complete as forgiveness.;Josh Billings;forgiveness
Without forgiveness, there's no future.;Desmond Tutu;forgiveness
Genuine forgiveness does not deny anger but faces it head-on.;Alice Duer Miller;forgiveness
Forgiveness is like faith. You have to keep reviving it.;Mason Cooley;forgiveness
Humanity is never so beautiful as when praying for forgiveness, or else forgiving another.;Jean Paul;forgiveness
Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom.;Hannah Arendt;forgiveness
God will forgive me. It's his job.;Heinrich Heine;forgiveness
Forgive, son men are men they needs must err.;Euripides;forgiveness
How unhappy is he who cannot forgive himself.;Publilius Syrus;forgiveness
Forgive many things in others nothing in yourself.;Ausonius;forgiveness
My desire is to be a forgiving, non-judgmental person.;Janine Turner;forgiveness
The ability to forgive is one of man's greatest achievements.;Bryant H. McGill;forgiveness
Life is an adventure in forgiveness.;Norman Cousins;forgiveness
It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission.;Grace Hopper;forgiveness
I do not bring forgiveness with me, nor forgetfulness. The only ones who can forgive are dead the living have no right to forget.;Chaim Herzog;forgiveness
It is very east to forgive others their mistakes it takes more grit and gumption to forgive them for having witnessed your own.;Jessamyn West;forgiveness
Forgiveness is the giving, and so the receiving, of life.;George MacDonald;forgiveness
To understand is to forgive, even oneself.;Alexander Chase;forgiveness
It's far easier to forgive an enemy after you've got even with him.;Olin Miller;forgiveness
I shall be an autocrat, that's my trade and the good Lord will forgive me, that's his.;Catherine the Great;forgiveness
All major religious traditions carry basically the same message, that is love, compassion and forgiveness the important thing is they should be part of our daily lives.;Dalai Lama;forgiveness
Holding on to anger, resentment and hurt only gives you tense muscles, a headache and a sore jaw from clenching your teeth. Forgiveness gives you back the laughter and the lightness in your life.;Joan Lunden;forgiveness
Forgiveness is not always easy. At times, it feels more painful than the wound we suffered, to forgive the one that inflicted it. And yet, there is no peace without forgiveness.;Marianne Williamson;forgiveness
If there are dreams about a beautiful South Africa, there are also roads that lead to their goal. Two of these roads could be named Goodness and Forgiveness.;Nelson Mandela;forgiveness
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit.;Peter Ustinov;forgiveness
Reversing your treatment of the man you have wronged is better than asking his forgiveness.;Elbert Hubbard;forgiveness
Forgiveness is God's command.;Martin Luther;forgiveness
Acceptance and tolerance and forgiveness, those are life-altering lessons.;Jessica Lange;forgiveness
When I am able to resist the temptation to judge others, I can see them as teachers of forgiveness in my life, reminding me that I can only have peace of mind when I forgive rather than judge.;Gerald Jampolsky;forgiveness
Anger ventilated often hurries towards forgiveness anger concealed often hardens into revenge.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;forgiveness
The heart of a mother is a deep abyss at the bottom of which you will always find forgiveness.;Honore de Balzac;forgiveness
Forgiveness is not a feeling - it's a decision we make because we want to do what's right before God. It's a quality decision that won't be easy and it may take time to get through the process, depending on the severity of the offense.;Joyce Meyer;forgiveness
God pardons like a mother, who kisses the offense into everlasting forgiveness.;Henry Ward Beecher;forgiveness
Inner peace can be reached only when we practice forgiveness. Forgiveness is letting go of the past, and is therefore the means for correcting our misperceptions.;Gerald Jampolsky;forgiveness
Forgiveness says you are given another chance to make a new beginning.;Desmond Tutu;forgiveness
The glory of Christianity is to conquer by forgiveness.;William Blake;forgiveness
Nothing inspires forgiveness quite like revenge.;Scott Adams;forgiveness
Every year during their High Holy Days, the Jewish community reminds us all of our need for repentance and forgiveness.;Billy Graham;forgiveness
Here is the amazing thing about Easter the Resurrection Sunday for Christians is this, that Christ in the dying moments on the cross gives us the greatest illustration of forgiveness possible.;T. D. Jakes;forgiveness
For me, forgiveness and compassion are always linked: how do we hold people accountable for wrongdoing and yet at the same time remain in touch with their humanity enough to believe in their capacity to be transformed?;Bell Hooks;forgiveness
Forgiveness is an act of the will, and the will can function regardless of the temperature of the heart.;Corrie Ten Boom;forgiveness
Without forgiveness life is governed by... an endless cycle of resentment and retaliation.;Roberto Assagioli;forgiveness
I deepen my experience of God through prayer, meditation, and forgiveness.;Marianne Williamson;forgiveness
You've just got to have a sense of respect for the person you have children with. Anger doesn't help anybody. Ultimately you have to say forgiveness is important, and honoring what you had together is important. But it's easy to say and harder to do.;Nicole Kidman;forgiveness
If only I wasn't an atheist, I could get away with anything. You'd just ask for forgiveness and then you'd be forgiven. It sounds much better than having to live with guilt.;Keira Knightley;forgiveness
In the evening of life we shall be judged on love, and not one of us is going to come off very well, and were it not for my absolute faith in the loving forgiveness of my Lord I could not call on him to come.;Madeleine L'Engle;forgiveness
Because forgiveness is like this: a room can be dank because you have closed the windows, you've closed the curtains. But the sun is shining outside, and the air is fresh outside. In order to get that fresh air, you have to get up and open the window and draw the curtains apart.;Desmond Tutu;forgiveness
The first step in forgiveness is the willingness to forgive.;Marianne Williamson;forgiveness
I believe in the forgiveness of sin and the redemption of ignorance.;Adlai E. Stevenson;forgiveness
Before Nelson Mandela was arrested in 1962, he was an angry, relatively young man. He founded the ANC's military wing. When he was released, he surprised everyone because he was talking about reconciliation and forgiveness and not about revenge.;Desmond Tutu;forgiveness
Forgiveness is about empowering yourself, rather than empowering your past.;T. D. Jakes;forgiveness
I have to ask Allah's forgiveness and not get angry, because they come to me out of love, and it's not fitting that I should turn to them in hatred.;Abdul Qadeer Khan;forgiveness
We think that forgiveness is weakness, but it's absolutely not it takes a very strong person to forgive.;T. D. Jakes;forgiveness
Murder is unique in that it abolishes the party it injures, so that society has to take the place of the victim and on his behalf demand atonement or grant forgiveness it is the one crime in which society has a direct interest.;W. H. Auden;forgiveness
I realized that it's all really one, that John Lennon was correct. We utilize the music to bring down the walls of Berlin, to bring up the force of compassion and forgiveness and kindness between Palestines, Hebrews. Bring down the walls here in San Diego, Tijuana, Cuba.;Carlos Santana;forgiveness
I did a lot of things that I regretted and I certainly paid for my mistakes. You have to go and ask for forgiveness and it wasn't until I really started doing good and doing right, by other people as well as myself, that I really started to feel that guilt go away. So I don't have a problem going to sleep at night.;Mark Wahlberg;forgiveness
The fact is there is forgiveness for those who seek God. And I believe in the power of redemption.;Rick Perry;forgiveness
I think the first step is to understand that forgiveness does not exonerate the perpetrator. Forgiveness liberates the victim. It's a gift you give yourself.;T. D. Jakes;forgiveness
Soon I realized that if beauty equalled forgiveness, I was never going to be forgiven.;Kevyn Aucoin;forgiveness
