Do I get up every morning and ask: am I doing the things that I believe in and am I doing them for the best possible motives? Yes. Unambiguously yes.;Nick Clegg;morning
I do yoga every morning, then I run for half an hour and take a sauna.;Antonio Banderas;morning
Sometimes I have wrinkles, in the morning. It depends on what kind of night that I had. I accept myself and the way that I am growing older. I have eye bags and some people have proposed to me to take them out but I said no.;Antonio Banderas;morning
I wake up every morning, look in the mirror and ask, 'Am I a sex symbol?' Then I go back to bed again. It's stupid to think that way.;Antonio Banderas;morning
But when I felt like I had something to prove? Then I got up early every morning and worked all day long. I didn't know if I had any more talent than anyone else directing, but I knew I could work hard at it, and so I did.;Ben Affleck;morning
Since I travel so much, it's always great to be home. There's nothing like getting to raid my own refrigerator at two in the morning.;Amy Grant;morning
I get up in the morning looking for an adventure.;George Foreman;morning
I wake up every morning and I wish I were dead, and so does Jim.;Tammy Faye Bakker;morning
It's hard to think of yourself as a brand, especially when I have four daughters who kick my butt early in the morning every day before I go to work.;Harvey Weinstein;morning
I was so young, and making movies, going to the studio every morning at dawn was magic.;Natalie Wood;morning
As long as the number one worry for people, keeping them up at nights, is whether they're going to have a job in the morning, then they are less likely to resist unfair changes, or unfair treatment, or cuts in real pay at work.;Frances O'Grady;morning
It's fairness to say those who work hard, get up in the morning, cut their cloth - in other words 'we can only afford to have one or two children because we don't earn enough'. They pay their taxes and they want to know that the same kind of decision-making is taking place for those on benefits.;Iain Duncan Smith;morning
Nowadays, everybody assumes, when they wake up in the morning, if they have a question, it will get answered. Because they have the internet. No matter what the question is, someone will answer their question.;Jack White;morning
Sometimes I wish that there were a way to let people know that just because I live in a world without rules, and in a life that is lawless, doesn't mean that it doesn't hurt so bad the morning after.;Elizabeth Wurtzel;morning
We all wake up in the morning wanting to live our lives the way we know we should. But we usually don't, in small ways. That's what makes a character like Batman so fascinating. He plays out our conflicts on a much larger scale.;Christopher Nolan;morning
Mere humans who root through their refrigerators at three o'clock in the morning can only produce writing that matches what they do. And that includes me.;Haruki Murakami;morning
When I wake up at 5 in the morning is it just to jog? Definitely not, I give it all of my efforts.;Haile Gebrselassie;morning
A famous person to themselves, they don't get up in the morning and think, I'm famous. I'm not famous to me. Famous is a perception.;Van Morrison;morning
I blend my green drink every morning. I also fix my son a full-on American breakfast with bacon and toast.;Liz Phair;morning
No city should be too large for a man to walk out of in a morning.;Cyril Connolly;morning
The world is new to us every morning - this is God's gift and every man should believe he is reborn each day.;Baal Shem Tov;morning
Barack Obama knows that to create an economy built to last, we need to focus on middle-class families. Families who stay up on Sunday nights pacing the floor, like my dad did, while their children, tucked in bed, dream big dreams. Families who aren't sure what Monday morning will bring, but who believe our nation's best days are still ahead.;Charles Schumer;morning
I can't live without my beauty products. I love to be in my bathroom with my candles lit, morning, noon and night. I like taking hot baths and hot showers, using my body scrubs and lotions.;Traci Bingham;morning
I will check the internet for at least an hour every morning scanning worldwide news to do with child abuse. So if you're constantly putting yourself in an environment where you're checking up on social economics or homelessness problems, if you keep yourself aware of it, you don't really have a day off.;Samantha Morton;morning
I wake up at 5:30, 6 in the morning, but don't head into the office right away. I like to hang out with my wife, talk about things, get some coffee, you know.;Ice Cube;morning
You come before me this morning with clean hands and clean collars. I want you to have clean tongues, clean manners, clean morals and clean characters.;John Burns;morning
It's never really that much fun for me to do movies anyway, because you - you know, you have to get up very early in the morning and you have to go in and you spend a lot of time waiting around.;Al Pacino;morning
Look, I hate to sound like Pollyanna, but I literally can't wait to get to work in the morning. I've got steady jobs, I've got my health, and I'm here in the greatest city in the world. I'd be a pig not to be grateful.;Christopher Meloni;morning
I'm very silly as a person, but quality silliness on-screen has more of an art to it. Harrison Ford, whom I was in 'Morning Glory' with, has mastered that dry funny better than anyone.;Rachel McAdams;morning
In these days a man is nobody unless his biography is kept so far posted up that it may be ready for the national breakfast-table on the morning after his demise.;Anthony Trollope;morning
A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight.;Robertson Davies;morning
Early in the morning, I fell in love with the girl that later on became my wife. At that time, we were so naive. I wanted to charm her, so I read her Capital by Marx. I thought somehow she would be convinced by the strength of his criticism about capital.;Shimon Peres;morning
As a child, I had to get up early for school or work. I'd get ready by myself. I'd set my alarm to wake me up very early in the morning, and be off to work, the family driver driving me every morning. I did it alone, my parents never coming in to wake me up.;Janet Jackson;morning
I know I have to be like people expect, because people love to dream with me, they like to think that I love my boat of 50 metres, that I drink Cristal for breakfast, that I dance until five o'clock in the morning. I am not like that.;Roberto Cavalli;morning
I don't have a single complete show or movie or anything else that I could look at and say, 'Nailed that one.' But endless dissatisfaction is, I suppose, what gets us out of bed in the morning.;Hugh Laurie;morning
I get up in the morning and do a seven-minute yoga workout. I know the most likely time I'm going to do something is when I first get up, and I make it short because, like you, I don't really want to do that first thing in the morning.;Mehmet Oz;morning
I get up at the same time every morning.;Mehmet Oz;morning
I don't ask for the meaning of the song of a bird or the rising of the sun on a misty morning. There they are, and they are beautiful.;Pete Hamill;morning
One thing that happens when you're pregnant is that as your stomach starts to stretch. It itches! So I have to keep my belly really lubricated. Every morning, there's a buttering ceremony after I get out of the shower. It's really like basting a turkey with body butter.;Padma Lakshmi;morning
If you read about Mussolini or Stalin or some of these other great monsters of history, they were at it all the time, that they were getting up in the morning very early. They were physically very active. They didn't eat lunch.;A. N. Wilson;morning
I like to try to do a little work before I do anything in the morning, even if it's a paragraph.;Sloane Crosley;morning
My personality, when tasked with creating meals, goes something like this: Is there a way we can make this more difficult? Because let's do that. I don't mean to complicate things. It's just - why buy pre-packaged potato salad when you can spend your morning boiling potatoes and flipping out because there's no dill in the house?;Sloane Crosley;morning
When I go out clubbing I can dance 'til three o'clock in the morning with just a water bottle in my hand. I love dancing to anything with a good beat really. My favorite song to dance to at the moment is probably Drake's 'Best I Ever Had.';Jordin Sparks;morning
I'm a car fanatic and each morning I wake up with a smile on my face, whether I'm commentating on the Formula One or at Silver Hatch racetrack in Roary the Racing Car.;Murray Walker;morning
The day of the sun is like the day of a king. It is a promenade in the morning, a sitting on the throne at noon, a pageant in the evening.;Wallace Stevens;morning
When you walk out of your house in the morning, you don't know what you're going to see.;Kyle Chandler;morning
Chronic malnutrition, or the lack of proper nutrition over time directly contributes to three times as many child deaths as food scarcity. Yet surprisingly, you don't really hear about this hidden crisis through the morning news, Twitter or headlines of major newspapers.;Cat Cora;morning
I worked at Salon.com way back when they started, and there's just unmeasurable value to distributing words online, too, but I still get my news from the newspaper in the morning.;Dave Eggers;morning
I mean, if you have to wake up in the morning to be validated by the editorial page of the New York Times, you got a pretty sorry existence.;Karl Rove;morning
Early this morning, I signed my death warrant.;Michael Collins;morning
For me the greatest revenge of all is having a happy adulthood, waking up in my gorgeous turquoise bedroom in the morning beside a person who really inspires me. That's the best revenge a girl-loving girl from the Bible belt could possibly have. And, importantly, it's healthy.;Beth Ditto;morning
For us political activists and candidates, the morning after any election is a mix of emotions - the personal and the immediate, the culmination of your own recent campaigning efforts and the fortunes of your party and the success or otherwise of what you stand for and believe in.;Lucy Powell;morning
One morning, about four o'clock, I was driving my car just about as fast as I could. I thought, Why am I out this time of night? I was miserable, and it came to me: I'm falling in love with somebody I have no right to fall in love with.;June Carter Cash;morning
I think my real depressions started when I was about 16 and doing The Patty Duke Show. I would go to bed at about 10 o'clock on a Friday night and not get up again until 6:30 Monday morning.;Patty Duke;morning
'Good Morning America' exploited Joan Lunden's pregnancy, but you won't see me bringing my babies on the air. The only reason I'm talking about the babies at all is that they've been with me on the show since I became pregnant. After a while, I had to acknowledge this pumpkin tummy.;Jane Pauley;morning
A muscle is like a car. If you want it to run well early in the morning, you have to warm it up.;Florence Griffith Joyner;morning
I don't want to clip on the armour every morning. I've seen some politicians do this and they get a bit mangled and bitter. I just refuse to do that. I refuse to be angry or bitter or complain, and I remain open. I may sometimes be a bit too open but I'm not going to change that one bit.;Nick Clegg;morning
One thing I've very quickly learned is that if you wake up every morning worrying about what's in the press, you would go completely and utterly potty.;Nick Clegg;morning
I've done the most awful rubbish in order to have somewhere to go in the morning.;Richard Burton;morning
What is news? It's hard to quantify. Certainly news has changed completely, and the morning shows are not really designed to bring you the news, except to tell you what happened overnight, and the rest of it is a kind of magazine mentality - a little bit of this, a little bit of that. It's harder to be an educated and informed citizen.;Harrison Ford;morning
The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in the morning feeling just plain terrible.;Jean Kerr;morning
I want to host a religious show. I'm sure nobody will be wanting the 11 o'clock spot on Sunday morning. I think we should really get some of our own preachers and preach that gay is good. And we'd have a great choir.;Kate Clinton;morning
Previously, on Lock, Stock, I went to bed at two in the morning and woke up at five in the morning, and on this one I was known to nod off on the set occasionally.;Guy Ritchie;morning
We went to a small lake, Bass Lake. It was beautiful. It was perfectly still when we got there in the morning. The fog was lifting off the water. It was just magical. And we did catch some fish, 13 fish.;Jennifer Granholm;morning
We awoke one morning in September, and the world lurched on its axis.;Jeb Bush;morning
I don't wake up each morning saying, 'Oh, wow, it's me. I think I'm the cat's meow. I'm the best.';Jeb Bush;morning
I am a fashion designer. I'm not an environmentalist. When I get up in the morning, number one I'm a mother and a wife, and number two I design clothes. So the main thing I need to do is create, hopefully, exquisitely beautiful, desirable objects for my customer.;Stella McCartney;morning
It was huge to read the Proverbs of the day every morning, it was huge to read the Psalm of the day every morning and to get that in us and get us going before the day even started.;Tim Tebow;morning
You know how you wake up in the morning and sometimes you look gorgeous and other times you look like you got hit by a mack truck? I realized that my mack truck is food. If I have no sugar, yeast or wine, I have no undereye bags and my skin is perfect.;Mariska Hargitay;morning
I exercise every morning. I do light weights - 5lb and 10lb arm exercises - and then lie and lift my arms and legs. It's all about keeping core strength. I do a lot of stretching too.;Larry Hagman;morning
Later, in the early teens, I used to ride my bike every Saturday morning to the nearest airport, ten miles away, push airplanes in and out of the hangars, and clean up the hangars.;Alan Shepard;morning
My days, if they start in the morning with a cuddle from my son, are just so much more glorious than they were prior to that.;Russell Crowe;morning
Every morning I wake at 6am or 6.30am, champing at the bit.;John Grisham;morning
The quality of life is so much higher anyplace you can ski in the morning and surf in the evening - there's something to be said for that.;Ian Somerhalder;morning
I had the perfect job for a gamer. From February to October, I'd get up at 7 in the morning with nothing to do but play games until I had to be at the park around 1 or 2 o'clock. When I got back after the game, I played until 3 or 4 in the morning.;Curt Schilling;morning
I started running 3 miles every morning after throat surgery to remove a cyst last year. The gym used to be my adversary. But that has all changed. Now, I look forward to it every morning.;Rachael Ray;morning
Sometimes I wake up in the morning and I am like, 'This is a high-top day' or 'This is a bob day,' but when I get my clothes on that's when I see.;Nicki Minaj;morning
When I get up in the morning and put on a pink or a green wig, I see myself as a piece of animation. It lets me be the person I want to be, a person who's not embarrassed to have fun.;Nicki Minaj;morning
My brain is so anxiety-prone, like a pinball machine. If I don't get up in the morning and focus my thinking, my breathing, and my being for about 12 minutes, I'm just a screwball all day long.;Rainn Wilson;morning
I always like to start my morning with a good amount of fruit. I really like pineapple, particularly because of the enzymes that it has. Sometimes I have oatmeal. But if I'm feeling like I really want to be watching my weight more, then I definitely do a protein, like an omelet, scrambled eggs or some smoked salmon.;Cynthia Nixon;morning
Couldn't start the morning without caffeine.;Ginnifer Goodwin;morning
I really am super lazy and doing long hair, especially mine, is a big pain in the butt. It's filled with cowlicks and kinks and curls and frizz - and it was taking too much time in the morning.;Ginnifer Goodwin;morning
I loved fantasy, but I particularly loved the stories in which somebody got out of where they were and into somewhere better - as in the 'Chronicles Of Narnia,' 'The Wizard Of Oz,' 'The Phantom Tollbooth,' the 'Dungeons &amp Dragons' cartoon on Saturday morning in the '80s.;Lev Grossman;morning
I have an orthopedic pillow that's made out of a sponge material. I have a plate in my throat, and I have to be careful or I could end up with a bad neck in the morning. That pillow is a must everywhere I go.;Lee Trevino;morning
When you really deep down look at it, we go to bed every night, get up every morning, stay here for 70 or 80 years, and then we die.;Lee Trevino;morning
The most used piece of kit in my kitchen is my saucepan. I use it every morning to cook my porridge in. The least used piece of equipment? I'd say a food mixer. I've never used it, I don't really know what they're for.;David Walliams;morning
I have a Viking stove. The color is butter lemon, and I had to wait several months for it, because that color wasn't available and I really wanted butter lemon! But I don't know that it's seriously ever been cooked on. I mean, I make tea every morning. Does that count?;Andy Cohen;morning
Thanks to the greatest invention of recent years, the MP3-playing alarm clock, I can now choose the song that wakes me up in the morning.;Rob Sheffield;morning
Stood off and on during the night, determining not to come to anchor till morning, fearing to meet with shoals continued our course in the morning and as the island was found to be six or seven leagues distant, and the tide was against us, it was noon when we arrived there.;Christopher Columbus;morning
Tomorrow morning before we depart, I intend to land and see what can be found in the neighborhood.;Christopher Columbus;morning
You've got to set yourself up to be as healthy as you can. The thing we tend to do is when it gets to be a bit too hard, we actually opt out for the absolute worst option. For example, if you're in a rush in a morning and you feel like you don't have time to make breakfast, you skip it.;Curtis Stone;morning
I'm not a morning person. I'm really not.;Brooke Burke;morning
My extravagance is my garden - it's the first thing I look at every morning when I wake up. It gives me so much pleasure.;Ina Garten;morning
It is a challenge, with the global fame, to try to act like I put my pants on one leg at a time, when in fact I have Pippa Middleton help me put my pants on every morning. She's my lady-in-waiting as well.;Kathy Griffin;morning
I never laugh or smile when I am writing. When I come home for lunch after writing all morning, my wife says I look like I just came home from a funeral. This is not bragging. This is an illness.;Carl Hiaasen;morning
When I wake up in the morning, I feel like a billionaire without paying taxes.;Ernie Banks;morning
I wake up early in the morning and walk for an hour. If I have something to write, I prefer to write in the morning until midday, and in the afternoon, I eat.;Naguib Mahfouz;morning
I was a government employee in the morning and a writer in the evening.;Naguib Mahfouz;morning
I kind of woke up one morning and was like, 'Oh I see what's happening, I get everything'. I woke up and was like, 'I get it, I'm a product.';Taylor Momsen;morning
