My mom was a professional. My dad and mom met each other in a movie called 'New Faces of 1937.' My mom went under the name Thelma Leeds, and she did a few movies, and she was really a great singer, and when she married my dad and started to have a family, she sang at parties.;Albert Brooks;family
A person needs at intervals to separate himself from family and companions and go to new places. He must go without his familiars in order to be open to influences, to change.;Katharine Butler Hathaway;family
Some of the things you read you get an immediate reaction to so I've stopped reading things now. I do worry about my family though. Some people do try some nasty things to get at them and try and get a reaction from them.;Russell Crowe;family
Movies like that aren't about the visual effects and explosions. They're human stories about family, about life, about death.;Orlando Bloom;family
If I were to retire, I would keep my family's interest in the company the same and say, Don't sell.;Sheldon Adelson;family
Anybody who is running a marathon or doing a walkathon, doing a fundraiser for their school, their company, by far it's guaranteed the easiest and most fun way to quickly set up a fundraising campaign and send it around to your friends and family.;Edward Norton;family
Do not let your bachelor ways crystallize so that you can't soften them when you come to have a wife and a family of your own.;Rutherford B. Hayes;family
I have my family, my children - I have a lot of outside activities.;Carlos Ghosn;family
I have a lovely family who supports me and it's great.;Bryan Cranston;family
I think, and I mean this sincerely, I was raised humbly. We were a lower middle income family and a household that was scrimping by at times. We were watching the dollar, stretching the dollar, and coupons. It was all those things.;Bryan Cranston;family
The dream was not to put one black family in the White House, the dream was to make everything equal in everybody's house.;Al Sharpton;family
When I was a kid, I took 'The Brady Bunch' and 'The Partridge Family' very seriously. It was a world to me in the same way that the Greek myths would have been had I read them. You know, Marcia is Athena and Mr. Brady is Zeus.;George Saunders;family
I grew up in a dysfunctional family.;Melissa Gilbert;family
I'm a Republican. I don't want to go to heaven and have to face my family up there and tell them I voted for a Democrat.;T. Boone Pickens;family
But you know, we have a very normal family. We've had our ups and downs. You know, we've had our issues, but we've had great cause for celebration.;Julius Erving;family
The clan is nothing more than a larger family, with its patriarchal chief as the natural head, and the union of several clans by intermarriage and voluntary connection constitutes the tribe.;Charles Eastman;family
The best thing I've done with my money is buy a house for my family. You wake up to a house you love and you feel like somebody.;Ice Cube;family
Even though I have a nice house, nice family, the rest of my generation is still in South Central L.A. My cousins, my brothers, my sisters, they don't wanna move out. They don't want to and they don't have the means to sustain it. That's where my heart is and that's what I think about all the time.;Ice Cube;family
South Central is just who I am. Even though I have a nice house, nice family, the rest of my generation is still in South Central L.A. My cousins, my brothers, my sisters, they don't wanna move out.;Ice Cube;family
The warrior may fight for gold or for an immediate gain, or for something to take home for the winter to feed the family. The soldier is part of a more complex society. He's fighting for a group ethic of some sort.;C. J. Cherryh;family
I went through a period of great rebellion within my family, when I was about 9 or 10. I was mad, I had no focus, had no real interest in anything, and so I started to do things that were just rebellious and stupid.;Kevin Spacey;family
My fam is just a regular family. But all of them have great senses of humor.;Dane Cook;family
I remember saying goodbye to my father the night he left to join the Navy. He didn't have to. He was older than other servicemen and had a family to support but he wanted to be a part of the fight against fascism, not just make movies about it. I admired this about him.;Jane Fonda;family
My mom always said I was the peacemaker in the family. My older brother, Eric, was the leader, the creative one. I was just his puppet.;Gwen Stefani;family
Finding that balance between work and family is the hardest thing I've ever done - by far.;Gwen Stefani;family
When I heard the royal family wanted to have me perform in celebration of Prince William's marriage, I knew I had to give them a little something. 'Wet' is the perfect anthem for Prince William or any playa to get the club smokin'.;Snoop Dogg;family
It was only for two years, and I jumped from family to family. It's very scary.;Mary J. Blige;family
I had the good fortune of having a happy, closely knit family.;Carlos Fuentes;family
I wish I had an extra day with my mom sometimes. Or another hour in the day with my family, husband and children.;Mary J. Blige;family
Nashville is one of the greatest places for the best songwriters in the world. It's been fantastic to live there and to raise our family there. It's a great town.;Faith Hill;family
I used to be a classic workaholic, and after seeing how little work and career really mean when you reach the end of your life, I put a new emphasis on things I believe count more. These things include: family, friends, being part of a community, and appreciating the little joys of the average day.;Mitch Albom;family
I love Christmas. I really do love Christmas. I love being with my family and I love snow. I love the music and the lights and all of it.;Christina Applegate;family
On the one hand, the idea of marriage and the sort of traditional family life repulses me. But on the other hand, I long for it, you know what I mean? I'm constantly in conflict with things. And it is because of my past and my upbringing and the journey that I've been on.;Madonna Ciccone;family
I like being in kids' movies, and I like being in family movies.;Bill Nighy;family
I don't believe in being mean to anyone. I'm a really peaceful person. That's something I get from my family.;Nick Carter;family
I'm not a royal family watcher.;Bill Nighy;family
Touring is tough. You're almost in a haze because you don't really know where you are half the time: You're in a hotel room one moment, and the next thing you know, you're onstage performing for 60,000 people, then you're back on an airplane. It's very hectic and I couldn't do it without my family.;Vanessa Hudgens;family
When you have a family, or even when you're just seeing a girl, it's difficult to be skint.;Bill Nighy;family
A fellow oughtn't to let his family property go to pieces.;Anthony Trollope;family
For me, family always comes first I would do anything to protect them.;Mark Wahlberg;family
My family went through divorces and remarriages and the later, blended home - and then watched that home explode, too.;Jeffrey Kluger;family
There aren't a lot of ironclad rules of family life, but here's one: No matter how much your parents deny it - and here's betting they deny it a lot - they have a favorite child. And if you're a parent, so do you.;Jeffrey Kluger;family
Spending $1 for a brand new house would feel very, very good. Spending $1,000 for a ham sandwich would feel very, very bad. Spending $19,000 for a small family car would feel, well, more or less right. But as with physical pain, fiscal pain can depend on the individual, and everyone has a different threshold.;Jeffrey Kluger;family
It's one of the worst-kept secrets of family life that all parents have a preferred son or daughter, and the rules for acknowledging it are the same everywhere: The favored kids recognize their status and keep quiet about it - the better to preserve the good thing they've got going and to keep their siblings off their back.;Jeffrey Kluger;family
There's a sort of sibling moratorium when you're establishing yourself as an adult. So much of your energy has to be focused on other things like work and kids. But when people become more settled, siblings tend to regroup because now you're building a new extended family.;Jeffrey Kluger;family
Humans have a fraught relationship with beasts. They are our companions and our chattel, our family members and our laborers, our household pets and our household pests. We love them and cage them, admire them and abuse them. And, of course, we cook and eat them.;Jeffrey Kluger;family
A close family member once offered his opinion that I exhibit the phone manners of a goat, then promptly withdrew the charge - out of fairness to goats.;Jeffrey Kluger;family
Coming home to my family afterward makes the work richer, easier and more fun.;Edie Falco;family
Equal pay isn't just a women's issue when women get equal pay, their family incomes rise and the whole family benefits.;Mike Honda;family
I grew up in a very old-fashioned Roman Catholic, Italian-Irish family in Philly.;Bradley Cooper;family
My family has very strong women. My mother never laughed at my dream of Africa, even though everyone else did because we didn't have any money, because Africa was the 'dark continent', and because I was a girl.;Jane Goodall;family
When I look back over my life it's almost as if there was a plan laid out for me - from the little girl who was so passionate about animals who longed to go to Africa and whose family couldn't afford to put her through college. Everyone laughed at my dreams. I was supposed to be a secretary in Bournemouth.;Jane Goodall;family
You can be cool and at the same time respect your woman, who will hopefully become your wife, who will hopefully become the mother of your kids. America needs to get back to family values.;Martin Lawrence;family
I'm very excited about my new agreement with the Heat. This contract allows me to address all of my family's long-term financial goals while allowing the Heat the ability to acquire those players that we need to win a championship.;Shaquille O'Neal;family
For me, it's about the way I carry myself and the way I treat other people. My relationship and how I feel about God and what He does for me, is something deeply personal. It's where I came from, my family, I was brought up in a religious household and that's very important to me.;Beyonce Knowles;family
While I have felt lonely many times in my life, the oddest feeling of all was after my mother, Lucille, died. My father had already died, but I always had some attachment to our big family while she was alive. It seems strange to say now that I felt so lonely, yet I did.;Bill Murray;family
I was always on the go, and thought I was too busy to develop something like this. I thought at the time that diabetes went along with bad habits, but I was the last one in my family to eat junk food.;Angie Stone;family
In my family in particular, I think, there was a sense we have to work twice as hard.;Caroline Kennedy;family
My mother isolated herself from all family and friends for some 20 years. And never met her grandchild, my son.;Laura Schlessinger;family
I grew up in a Ukrainian Catholic-turned-Christian household, and that is my family's faith.;Vera Farmiga;family
We are a very crafty family.;Tori Spelling;family
I come from a massive family, and the youngest is twentysomething years younger than I am, so I grew up with children.;Vera Farmiga;family
I have a very strong family.;Janet Jackson;family
I just want to have a great relationship with my child and have a great family dynamic.;Tori Spelling;family
As a child, I had to get up early for school or work. I'd get ready by myself. I'd set my alarm to wake me up very early in the morning, and be off to work, the family driver driving me every morning. I did it alone, my parents never coming in to wake me up.;Janet Jackson;family
I need to work to support my family.;Tori Spelling;family
My dream, maybe because of my family, of course, was to be a painter. I chose in one moment the direction of textiles from textiles I went to fashion.;Roberto Cavalli;family
But for me, I thought you made a record, you got on a bus, went out and played your shows and made a lot of money. That was the way it was supposed to go down. But there's a lot more to it than that. There are a lot of early mornings, late nights, a lot of traveling, a lot of being away from home, being away from your family.;Jason Aldean;family
Short of baseball and my family, it was gaming. And gaming is a $20-million to $200-million multi-year effort. It's an insane, stupid and utterly irresponsible act. But I did it.;Curt Schilling;family
I began to speak well at a very advanced age - 15, 16, 17 years old. It was psychological: the trauma of war, my family and growing up on my own. I was more or less a street kid.;Roberto Cavalli;family
I am a universalist, passionately devoted to the cause of equality within the human family.;Theodore Bikel;family
I love seeing my family.;Mia Wasikowska;family
You don't have a family doctor anymore like you did when you were a kid, who treated you throughout your life.;Mehmet Oz;family
My father really was not the dominant person who raised the family, it was my mother who raised the family.;Stevie Wonder;family
I love film. After a yummy meal for the whole family and some truly great friends, we often go out to see something beautiful and unique.;Gwyneth Paltrow;family
As children we recognized that we belonged to an unusual, even exceptional, family, but the effect was different on each of us.;David Rockefeller;family
The American people know what's necessary to get this economy moving again. It's fiscal discipline in Washington, D.C. and across-the-board tax relief for working families, small businesses and family farms.;Mike Pence;family
The Royal Family are not like you and me. They live in houses so big that you can walk round all day and never need to meet your spouse. The Queen and Prince Philip have never shared a bedroom in their lives. They don't even have breakfast together.;A. N. Wilson;family
With the counseling of my family doctor, my mother ended up turning to Weight Watchers and their children's program. I went to weekly meetings, got counseling and would exercise with my peers who were my size. It was the first time I saw a proper children's portion size, and it wasn't two burgers, it was one.;Ginnifer Goodwin;family
I was the youngest of my entire family so you are tap-dancing to try to get the attention of your older cousins. I really hit my social stride in 6th grade, but before that I was a pretty big dork. You learn how to be amusing and how to work for it.;Sloane Crosley;family
To me, the kitchen is a place of adventure and entirely fun, not drudgery. I can't think of anything better to do with family and friends than to be together to create something.;Ted Allen;family
I always loved family holidays, and I had this vision and dream as a little girl of having a big family of my own.;Brooke Burke;family
I think with motherhood and child-rearing in general, everyone's going to tell you how to do it and why. I've always said to other mothers and women when they've asked me, that you have to find your own way and find out what works for your family, at all costs.;Brooke Burke;family
Although my family - parents and sister - all work in the personnel management business, their real passion is performing, amateur operatic societies and so on.;Michael Sheen;family
Film is an illusion. Fame is ephemeral. Faith and family are what endure.;Emilio Estevez;family
I think 'Tattoo''s a song that can go so many different ways. Some people think of it as a break-up song, but, for me, it's about somebody who comes into your life and really touches you - be they a friend, a family member or someone you're in a relationship with.;Jordin Sparks;family
It's cool to have parents and family who will always tell me the truth no matter what. They'll tell me if I'm doing something stupid!;Jordin Sparks;family
My family was all born in Sicily and I'm Italian-American. They're the real thing. They're authentic Italians, and honestly they're the most open-minded, nicest people in the world and nothing can really offend them. That's the way I think true Sicilians are.;Vinny Guadagnino;family
I think when someone is injured in your family, you want to speak to the individual and you want to hear their voice and you want to make sure they are OK.;Roger Goodell;family
Growing up with my family gave me some of my best memories. I'd like to have a family of my own - slip away for a bit and do nothing but spend those early years with my children.;Katherine Jenkins;family
I'm over the moon to be involved in the 'Doctor Who' Christmas special. I can't quite believe it as it's a part of the family tradition at the Jenkins household. I heard the news that I got the role on my 30th birthday and it was the best birthday present ever.;Katherine Jenkins;family
You have no idea how humiliating it was, as a boy, to suddenly have all your clothes, your toys, snatched by the bailiff. I mean we were a middle-class family, it's not as if it was happening up and down the street. It made me ashamed, I felt dirty.;John le Carre;family
I was quite able at the insignificant work I did in MI6, but absolutely dysfunctional in my domestic life. I had no experience of fatherhood. I had no example of marital bliss or the family unit.;John le Carre;family
I like playing music because it's a good living and I get satisfaction from it. But I can't feed my family with satisfaction.;James Hetfield;family
Baseball life is a tough life on the family.;Nolan Ryan;family
I work six months and get three or four with the family.;Kyle Chandler;family
I work six months and get three or four with the family. I've stopped racing to get to the red light.;Kyle Chandler;family
I'm very, very concerned about the Bush presidency. I'm worried about the kinds of cuts in domestic programs that mean something to a lot of people, including members of my family, who depend on certain things from the government.;Sarah Jessica Parker;family
I have a lot of responsibilities outside myself. I have a large family. I want to know I can always be helpful.;Sarah Jessica Parker;family
