When it went on the air, the sales department hated it. It was the highest advertising pullout show in the history of NBC. At the early focus groups, people were saying, 'Who are these people? Why should we watch them?;Dick Wolf;history
To be Jewish is to be specifically identified with a history. And if you're not aware of that when you're a child, the whole tradition is lost.;Joyce Carol Oates;history
In fact history does not belong to us but we belong to it.;Hans-Georg Gadamer;history
It seems disingenuous to ask a writer why she, or he, is writing about a violent subject when the world and history are filled with violence.;Joyce Carol Oates;history
Faith is a kind of winged intellect. The great workmen of history have been men who believed like giants.;Charles Henry Parkhurst;history
People don't always realize that my parents shared a sense of intellectual curiosity and a love of reading and of history.;Caroline Kennedy;history
The only justification for repressive institutions is material and cultural deficit. But such institutions, at certain stages of history, perpetuate and produce such a deficit, and even threaten human survival.;Noam Chomsky;history
The Deep South has a completely different history, both good and bad, that is fascinating for everybody. It makes people work together who usually don't, and that sounds like a cliche in so many ways, but it actually happened... and it happened because of a beautiful idea.;Genevieve Gorder;history
In my world, history comes down to language and art. No one cares much about what battles were fought, who won them and who lost them - unless there is a painting, a play, a song or a poem that speaks of the event.;Theodore Bikel;history
In human history, the desire for revenge and the desire for loot have often been closely associated.;John McCarthy;history
The history of modern art is also the history of the progressive loss of art's audience. Art has increasingly become the concern of the artist and the bafflement of the public.;Paul Gauguin;history
Everything was going my way. I was happily marching into the history books. Then it all just fell apart.;George Michael;history
If you read about Mussolini or Stalin or some of these other great monsters of history, they were at it all the time, that they were getting up in the morning very early. They were physically very active. They didn't eat lunch.;A. N. Wilson;history
What you have now is a Hollywood that is pure poison. Hollywood was a central place in the history of art in the 20th century: it was human idealism preserved. And then, like any great place, it collapsed, and it collapsed into the most awful machinery in the world.;Emir Kusturica;history
Our culture's obsession with vintage objects has rendered us unable to separate history from nostalgia. People want heart. They want a chaser of emotion with their aesthetics.;Sloane Crosley;history
History is littered with wars which everybody knew would never happen.;Enoch Powell;history
I think you can learn from history.;Chuck Norris;history
Few men in our history have ever obtained the Presidency by planning to obtain it.;James A. Garfield;history
History has not dealt kindly with the aftermath of protracted periods of low risk premiums.;Alan Greenspan;history
That's history. I say history because it happened in the past.;Murray Walker;history
China has all the advantages in the world. But it doesn't have a history of free thinking, risk-taking pioneers - the kind of people the U.S. is built upon.;James Dyson;history
Strip malls are history.;Jeff Bezos;history
Between France and Senegal there's a history. There's a language that we both speak. There's a culture that we share and to which both of our peoples have contributed. But beyond our history, beyond our language, beyond the links that have united us for so long, what unites us today is the future.;Francois Hollande;history
We are a big country, with lots of advantages and history. We are proud to be French. We have to call on patriotism at this time... to ask for an effort in the battle against debt.;Francois Hollande;history
The history of mankind is the history of ideas.;Luigi Pirandello;history
The '80s were fabulous. The '90s sucked, and the '70s were just a sad, sad time in human history. Go 1980s! There's something that's just so cute about that time. And not just yellow nail polish and 'I'm a loner.';Jennifer Sky;history
If history, philosophy and so on vanish from academic life, what they leave in their wake may be a technical training facility or corporate research institute. But it will not be a university in the classical sense of the term, and it would be deceptive to call it one.;Terry Eagleton;history
When great changes occur in history, when great principles are involved, as a rule the majority are wrong.;Eugene V. Debs;history
The study of history and philosophy, accompanied by some acquaintance with art and literature, should be for lawyers and engineers as well as for those who study in arts faculties.;Terry Eagleton;history
History is full of people who went to prison or were burned at the stake for proclaiming their ideas. Society has always defended itself.;Naguib Mahfouz;history
It is in Rousseau's writing above all that history begins to turn from upper-class honour to middle-class humanitarianism. Pity, sympathy and compassion lie at the centre of his moral vision. Values associated with the feminine begin to infiltrate social existence as a whole, rather than being confined to the domestic sphere.;Terry Eagleton;history
Introspection and preserved writings give us far more insight into the ways of past humans than we have into the ways of past dinosaurs. For that reason, I'm optimistic that we can eventually arrive at convincing explanations for these broadest patterns of human history.;Jared Diamond;history
Irish fiction is full of secrets, guilty pasts, divided identities. It is no wonder that there is such a rich tradition of Gothic writing in a nation so haunted by history.;Terry Eagleton;history
Police departments no longer have to pay overtime or divert resources from other projects to find out where an individual goes - all they have to do is place a tracking device on someone's car or ask a cell phone company for that individual's location history and the technology does the work for them.;Ron Wyden;history
It is always self-defeating to pretend to a generation younger than your own it simply erases your own experience in history.;Renata Adler;history
I'll watch any show on the History Channel.;Rick Springfield;history
Part of what I enjoy about the theatre and acting is that sense of history.;Liev Schreiber;history
It took a while for me to grasp that my colleagues believe I have made an impact on the history of cinema.;Conrad Hall;history
Billions of people have seen and been influenced by movies in the short history of this industry.;Conrad Hall;history
Serbian history tells that the family is the most important thing and you have to stick with the family.;Novak Djokovic;history
The history of our country is cruel. We have to face those issues or, should I say, we had to. Not anymore I hope, because we are going in the right direction, and we are ready to forgive, ready to move on.;Novak Djokovic;history
We have a harder way to succeed in life as Serbs because of the past that we had and because of the history we had.;Novak Djokovic;history
But, it's because we have a harder way to succeed in life as Serbs because of the past that we had and because of the history that we had. We have to dig deeper and we have to do much more in order to be seen and to be spotted.;Novak Djokovic;history
In almost every interview someone asks what does HIM stand for. I can't even remember our latest lie about that. When Hanson was hot, we said it means Hanson Is Murder. The name doesn't have a particular history. His Infernal Majesty was a totally different band. I think HIM derives from some death metal joke.;Ville Valo;history
Given political history in Chile, it seemed to me that there was a critical task of consolidating a democracy and creating healthy civic-military and political-military relationships.;Michelle Bachelet;history
I don't want to get home from work and wonder if I could have done better if I didn't go out that night. What you're doing is going to go on the big screen and go down in history.;Seann William Scott;history
The Communist regime didn't consider this to be a shining moment in history and assigned no heroism to it. They classified it as merely an accident.;Kathryn Bigelow;history
Everybody knows they're on the Obama team: There isn't vice presidential vs. presidential division, there's not a generational pull. People have internalized that this is a real moment in history.;Rahm Emanuel;history
I don't want to go negative on Franklin Delano Roosevelt, but he didn't pass an economic deal in the first 100 days. We have passed the largest Recovery Act in the history of the country.;Rahm Emanuel;history
Life is a wonderful thing to talk about, or to read about in history books - but it is terrible when one has to live it.;Jean Anouilh;history
History is an endless repetition of the wrong way of living.;Lawrence Durrell;history
History is a guide to navigation in perilous times. History is who we are and why we are the way we are.;David McCullough;history
My father was my main influence. He was a preacher, but he was also a history and political science teacher, and since he was my hero, I wanted to follow in his footsteps and become a teacher.;David Soul;history
I don't have a long family history of good cooks in my family.;Bobby Flay;history
My mother, whom I love dearly, has continually revised my life story within the context of a complicated family history that includes more than the usual share of divorce, step-children, dysfunction, and obfuscation. I've spent most of my adult life attempting to deconstruct that history and separate fact from fiction.;Melissa Gilbert;history
The UK is not going to leave the European Union. Of course not. We are inextricably wound up with Europe. In terms of culture, history and geography, we are a European nation.;Nick Clegg;history
In man - in the history of mankind, this has happened many times, and occupation leaders hang on to the land that they're occupying. People fight to liberate their land. But in the end, the people's will is what achieves victory.;Hassan Nasrallah;history
The great drama of Russian history has been between its state and society. Put simply, Russia has always had too much state and not enough society.;Fareed Zakaria;history
Secretly, I'm a real big nerd. I'd rather stay home and play Scrabble than go to a Hollywood party, any day of the week. And I love reading about history and watching the Discovery Channel.;Sprague Grayden;history
The whole history of civilization is strewn with creeds and institutions which were invaluable at first, and deadly afterwards.;Walter Bagehot;history
More people have more access to more readers for less money than ever before in history. It means a lot of dross but it means a lot of very talented people can find and nurture a readership in ways that were not possible twenty years ago. From a creative perspective, that is all that writing is about.;John Hodgman;history
'Days' has always been strong as an icon in TV history, and it's still going on strong and represents the genre of daytime drama so well. I'm proud to be a part of it.;Alison Sweeney;history
As a freelance writer, I'd be asked to become an expert for various magazines on any subject, whether food or wine or history or the life span of veterinarians. I was completely unschooled in any of these things.;John Hodgman;history
The arc of American history almost inevitably moves toward freedom. Whether it's Lincoln and the Emancipation Proclamation, the expansion of women's rights or, now, gay rights, I think there is an almost-inevitable march toward greater civil liberties.;James McGreevey;history
Crimes of which a people is ashamed constitute its real history. The same is true of man.;Jean Genet;history
Revolutions are the periods of history when individuals count most.;Norman Mailer;history
Accuracy is paramount in every detail of a work of history. Here's my rule: Ask yourself, 'Did this thing happen?' If the answer is yes, then it's historical. Then ask, 'Did this thing happen precisely this way?' If the answer is yes, then it's history if the answer is no, not precisely this way, then it's historical drama.;Tony Kushner;history
The general consensus among historians, among the ones who can handle the fact that 'Lincoln' is, in fact, historical fiction, is that we demonstrate enormous fidelity to history and that, beyond that, we've actually contributed a line of thinking about Lincoln's presidency that's somewhat original.;Tony Kushner;history
A handful of works in history have had a direct impact on social policy: one or two works of Dickens, some of Zola, 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' and, in modern drama, Larry Kramer's 'The Normal Heart.';Tony Kushner;history
All the gossip and craziness becomes a kind of sustained narrative which, in turn, can become history. It's scary.;Barbara Kruger;history
Gay writers now have both a sense of history and the fables that allows them to dwell in the realms of the ridiculous and at the same time talk seriously about things.;Tony Kushner;history
It created a global platform that allowed more people to plug and play, collaborate and compete, share knowledge and share work, than anything we have ever seen in the history of the world.;Thomas Friedman;history
America is the only nation in history which miraculously has gone directly from barbarism to degeneration without the usual interval of civilization.;Georges Clemenceau;history
Optimists are usually wrong. But all the great change in history, positive change, was done by optimists.;Thomas Friedman;history
History can never be covered up.;Zhu Rongji;history
I've always considered myself to be fiercely patriotic. I love Britain - its history and the down-to-earth attitude people have.;Gary Numan;history
Each age tries to form its own conception of the past. Each age writes the history of the past anew with reference to the conditions uppermost in its own time.;Frederick Jackson Turner;history
If history is any indication, all truths will eventually turn out to be false.;Dean Kamen;history
Our flag honors those who have fought to protect it, and is a reminder of the sacrifice of our nation's founders and heroes. As the ultimate icon of America's storied history, the Stars and Stripes represents the very best of this nation.;Joe Barton;history
To those who have chosen the profession of medicine, a knowledge of chemistry, and of some branches of natural history, and, indeed, of several other departments of science, affords useful assistance.;Charles Babbage;history
All history has been a history of class struggles between dominated classes at various stages of social development.;Friedrich Engels;history
All through history, there have always been movements where business was not just about the accumulation of proceeds but also for the public good.;Anita Roddick;history
Crazy Horse saw history as integrated in the present, incorporated into daily life.;Stephen Ambrose;history
I don't know the history of my sport. I'm not like those people who know everything.;Usain Bolt;history
I wanted to make sure that the man who found the genie would not take terrible advantage of her, so he needed to be a person of integrity and honor - which is why I made the male lead an astronaut. The rest, as they say, is history.;Sidney Sheldon;history
I know that throughout their history, the people of the United States defended their freedom, their liberty, their justice, and their rights - if need be - with their lives. I think their courage is so admirable.;Lee Myung-bak;history
When history is erased, people's moral values are also erased.;Ma Jian;history
From a reality perspective, I'm sure part of that is true, but this is the largest blackout in U.S. history. If that is not a signal that we have got a problem that needs to be fixed, I don't know what is.;Jennifer Granholm;history
If I had a choice as to my perfect career, I would make a couple of films a year and then concentrate on natural history.;Dominic Monaghan;history
The 4th Amendment and the personal rights it secures have a long history. At the very core stands the right of a man to retreat into his own home and there be free from unreasonable governmental intrusion.;Potter Stewart;history
In Thailand's history there have been dissensions from time to time, but in general, unity has prevailed.;Bhumibol Adulyadej;history
It was one of those great miracles of history that they managed to smuggle an Enigma machines out to Britain just before they were invaded by the Nazis.;Michael Apted;history
You learn about equality in history and civics, but you find out life is not really like that.;Arthur Ashe;history
I think there's a lot of deep-rooted history in England with racing. Lots of Formula One teams are based there. Formula One is obviously a huge sport over in England and Europe.;Danica Patrick;history
Watch the History Channel if you want it literal and historically perfect.;Emily Blunt;history
There's a difference between knowing what's on the page in a history book and actually feeling that page have curves and valleys.;Garth Brooks;history
It's a required part of your film history to know who Woody is. His movies are so wonderful, and not just funny but so insightful about human behavior.;Scarlett Johansson;history
God has never, in the history of mankind, allowed his name to go long offended.;David Wilkerson;history
With our knowledge of modern-day genetics, we realize that it was possible for God to place the potential for all people throughout history into the genes of Adam and Eve when He created them.;Walter Lang;history
