I heard this music coming out of the radio and it was 'Ain't Nobody's Business.' It got me. I thought, 'I can do this.' I decided just like that. No romantic story.;Jerry Leiber;romantic
Romantic music really stirs my soul. And, of course, I love Chinese music it makes me feel closer to home.;Liu Wen;romantic
I'm a very loyal boyfriend. I'm a bit of a joker... I can be romantic, but not too sickly.;Louis Tomlinson;romantic
I know it's hard to blame the time, but there's a bit of an expectation for a summer movie. I think that 'Superman Returns' was a bit nostalgic and romantic, and I don't think that was what people were expecting, especially in the summer.;Bryan Singer;romantic
I'm very romantic. I've emptied flower shops.;Bob Hoskins;romantic
I'm a very romantic and passionate guy.;Diego Boneta;romantic
The first book I wrote was The Bride Price which was a romantic book, but my husband burnt the book when he saw it. I was the typical African woman, I'd done this privately, I wanted him to look at it, approve it and he said he wouldn't read it.;Buchi Emecheta;romantic
In the West, audiences think I am a stereotyped action star, or that I always play hitmen or killers. But in Hong Kong, I did a lot of comedy, many dramatic films, and most of all, romantic roles, lots of love stories. I was like a romance novel hero.;Chow Yun-Fat;romantic
I love romantic comedies.;Lil' Romeo;romantic
After these three novels I gave up writing novels for a time I was dissatisfied with romantic doom, yet didn't see much way around it.;Nicholas Mosley;romantic
I think a nice romantic dinner should be saved for when you and the girl you're dating or seeing have something special and it's a more special occasion.;Ben Savage;romantic
It seems to me that romantic comedies used to be about falling in love, but in recent years they've really become just comedies where the love story is only there as a spine to hang the jokes on.;Nigel Cole;romantic
There were two sides to David Lean: on the one side, he was kind of a rather stiff, disciplined Englishman. And then he had this kind of romantic side to him. I think being true to both sides of your nature is important.;John Boorman;romantic
Scotsmen are metaphisical and emotional, they are sceptical and mystical, they are romantic and ironic, they are cruel and tender, and full of mirth and despair.;William Dunbar;romantic
Forget romantic fiction, a survey has found that most women would rather read a good book than go shopping, have sex, or sleep.;Janet Street-Porter;romantic
I am not an adolescent, nor a romantic. I analyze objectively.;Dilma Rousseff;romantic
There's something about marriage that is not as intensely romantic or interesting as a couple's first meeting.;John Sandford;romantic
I get some of my ideas from watching my three daughters, but most of them come from my own memories of growing up. I can remember how romantic I was, not just about love, but romance in the classic sense - the romantic ideals: of honor and truth, of loyalty, sacrifice and fairness. Those were the elements that made a story satisfying to me.;Francine Pascal;romantic
I'm getting a lot of uninteresting romantic lead guys that look good and fall in love sort of garbage.;Bobby Cannavale;romantic
It's harder and harder to make a well-done romantic comedy these days because the conventions have been so played out.;Dana Fox;romantic
People say the 'Lost Generation' in a romantic sense, but I think it was tragic. They were really lost.;Corey Stoll;romantic
The writing career is not a romantic one. The writer's life may be colorful, but his work itself is rather drab.;Mary Roberts Rinehart;romantic
I'm no romantic, surfing, California boy. I like reading, writing, philosophizing. Scheming. I've been doing some exploration of the inner space.;Henry Hopper;romantic
The thing about romance and romantic movies is that they can be somewhat melodramatic. For a lot of actors, there's a certain cringe factor that's involved with that.;David Lyons;romantic
I think one of the downsides of the sort of obsession with romantic love and personal fulfillment is that the plain fact of the matter is that those feelings don't last for ever and so they better be replaced and reinforced by things that do.;Mary Archer;romantic
A realist, in Venice, would become a romantic by mere faithfulness to what he saw before him.;Arthur Symons;romantic
In our romantic groves I adored her like a divinity.;Anne Boyd;romantic
Consider what a romantic expedition you are on take notes.;Anne Boyd;romantic
So I'm still in my romantic stage with London, I love it as a place.;Christian Cooke;romantic
The whole westward expansion myth is seen as romantic. But it's a joke, a blot on American history.;Frank Waters;romantic
I want to do all kinds of things. I want to do some comedy. I'd love to do a romantic comedy, and I'd love to do some period pieces with classical text. I'd love somebody to cast me as Macbeth, but for a film. I just want to be all over the place.;Kevin Alejandro;romantic
When you are joyous, look deep into your heart and you shall find it is only that which has given you sorrow that is giving you joy. When you are sorrowful look again in your heart, and you shall see that in truth you are weeping for that which has been your delight.;Khalil Gibran;sad
Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;sad
I seldom think about my limitations, and they never make me sad. Perhaps there is just a touch of yearning at times but it is vague, like a breeze among flowers.;Helen Keller;sad
If my world were to cave in tomorrow, I would look back on all the pleasures, excitements and worthwhilenesses I have been lucky enough to have had. Not the sadness, not my miscarriages or my father leaving home, but the joy of everything else. It will have been enough.;Audrey Hepburn;sad
Sadness is but a wall between two gardens.;Khalil Gibran;sad
It's sad when someone you know becomes someone you knew.;Henry Rollins;sad
Make the most of your regrets never smother your sorrow, but tend and cherish it till it comes to have a separate and integral interest. To regret deeply is to live afresh.;Henry David Thoreau;sad
Participate joyfully in the sorrows of the world. We cannot cure the world of sorrows, but we can choose to live in joy.;Joseph Campbell;sad
The walls we build around us to keep sadness out also keeps out the joy.;Jim Rohn;sad
A sad soul can kill quicker than a germ.;John Steinbeck;sad
And I remember going to the record studio and there was a park across the street and I'd see all the children playing and I would cry because it would make me sad that I would have to work instead.;Michael Jackson;sad
The word 'happiness' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.;Carl Jung;sad
I've cried, and you'd think I'd be better for it, but the sadness just sleeps, and it stays in my spine the rest of my life.;Conor Oberst;sad
Affliction comes to us, not to make us sad but sober not to make us sorry but wise.;H. G. Wells;sad
Isn't it sad to go to your grave without ever wondering why you were born? Who, with such a thought, would not spring from bed, eager to resume discovering the world and rejoicing to be part of it?;Richard Dawkins;sad
Live by this credo: have a little laugh at life and look around you for happiness instead of sadness. Laughter has always brought me out of unhappy situations.;Red Skelton;sad
Sad things happen. They do. But we don't need to live sad forever.;Mattie Stepanek;sad
In this world, full often, our joys are only the tender shadows which our sorrows cast.;Henry Ward Beecher;sad
I do believe that if you haven't learnt about sadness, you cannot appreciate happiness.;Nana Mouskouri;sad
One must not let oneself be overwhelmed by sadness.;Jackie Kennedy;sad
Every life has a measure of sorrow, and sometimes this is what awakens us.;Steven Tyler;sad
The tragedy of life is in what dies inside a man while he lives - the death of genuine feeling, the death of inspired response, the awareness that makes it possible to feel the pain or the glory of other men in yourself.;Norman Cousins;sad
Can I see another's woe, and not be in sorrow too? Can I see another's grief, and not seek for kind relief?;William Blake;sad
We look before and after, And pine for what is not Our sincerest laughter With some pain is fraught Our sweetest songs are those that tell of saddest thought.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;sad
Experiencing sadness and anger can make you feel more creative, and by being creative, you can get beyond your pain or negativity.;Yoko Ono;sad
We're taught to be ashamed of confusion, anger, fear and sadness, and to me they're of equal value to happiness, excitement and inspiration.;Alanis Morissette;sad
For all sad words of tongue and pen, The saddest are these, 'It might have been'.;John Greenleaf Whittier;sad
It is sadder to find the past again and find it inadequate to the present than it is to have it elude you and remain forever a harmonious conception of memory.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;sad
In deep sadness there is no place for sentimentality.;William S. Burroughs;sad
Good humor is the health of the soul, sadness is its poison.;Lord Chesterfield;sad
Our sweetest songs are those that tell of saddest thought.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;sad
We never taste a perfect joy our happiest successes are mixed with sadness.;Pierre Corneille;sad
An ounce of cheerfulness is worth a pound of sadness to serve God with.;Thomas Fuller;sad
I was raised in an atmosphere of 'everything's fine.' But as I got older, I was like, 'Well no, everything's not fine. There is stuff that's sad.' I am a really sensitive person. I think I am too sensitive sometimes.;Ellen DeGeneres;sad
I can see the humorous side of things and enjoy the fun when it comes but look where I will, there seems to me always more sadness than joy in life.;Jerome K. Jerome;sad
It's a sad man my friend who's livin' in his own skin and can't stand the company.;Bruce Springsteen;sad
It is one of the most saddening things in life that, try as we may, we can never be certain of making people happy, whereas we can almost always be certain of making them unhappy.;Thomas Huxley;sad
The rose and the thorn, and sorrow and gladness are linked together.;Saadi;sad
I really believe that all of us have a lot of darkness in our souls. Anger, rage, fear, sadness. I don't think that's only reserved for people who have horrible upbringings. I think it really exists and is part of the human condition. I think in the course of your life you figure out ways to deal with that.;Kevin Bacon;sad
Do not make best friends with a melancholy sad soul. They always are heavily loaded, and you must bear half.;Francois Fenelon;sad
Dying is only one thing to be sad over... Living unhappily is something else.;Morrie Schwartz;sad
Melancholy and sadness are the start of doubt... doubt is the beginning of despair despair is the cruel beginning of the differing degrees of wickedness.;Isidore Ducasse Lautreamont;sad
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.;Jean de La Fontaine;sad
The keenest sorrow is to recognize ourselves as the sole cause of all our adversities.;Sophocles;sad
Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water.;Christopher Morley;sad
My father's death, my move, and my frightening and difficult delivery created a tremendous amount of stress, pain, and sadness for me. I was practically devastated beyond recovery.;Brooke Shields;sad
When I seemed to be irritable or sad, my father would quote the learned Dr. Knight, and then say, 'Just go to sleep.' Like all smart aleck kids, I thought the advice was silly. But as I've grown older, I've realized just how smart Knight was.;Ben Stein;sad
My parents' divorce left me with a lot of sadness and pain and acting, and especially humour, was my way of dealing with all that.;Jennifer Aniston;sad
Time takes away the grief of men.;Desiderius Erasmus;sad
Crying is cleansing. There's a reason for tears, happiness or sadness.;Dionne Warwick;sad
We tell our triumphs to the crowds, but our own hearts are the sole confidants of our sorrows.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;sad
I get mad. I get sad. I have all those emotions. But I just like to keep them to myself. I don't think my fans need to be bothered with if I'm mad or sad about something. I should just be concerned that they are keeping up with my music or I'm making them happy with my show.;Demi Lovato;sad
It doesn't hurt to feel sad from time to time.;Willie Nelson;sad
Sorrows are like thunderclouds, in the distance they look black, over our heads scarcely gray.;Jean Paul;sad
It's a source of great sadness to me that my father died without having seen me do anything worthwhile. He was constantly having to make excuses for me.;Daniel Day-Lewis;sad
Oh, I am very weary, Though tears no longer flow My eyes are tired of weeping, My heart is sick of woe.;Anne Bronte;sad
Your joys and sorrows. You can never tell them. You cheapen the inside of yourself if you do tell them.;Greta Garbo;sad
God is in the sadness and the laughter, in the bitter and the sweet.;Neale Donald Walsch;sad
Nobody understands another's sorrow, and nobody another's joy.;Franz Schubert;sad
The saddest thing that befalls a soul is when it loses faith in God and woman.;Alexander Smith;sad
Sad will be the day for any man when he becomes contented with the thoughts he is thinking and the deeds he is doing - where there is not forever beating at the doors of his soul some great desire to do something larger which he knows he was meant and made to do.;Phillips Brooks;sad
The reason for the sadness of this modern age and the men who live in it is that it looks for the truth in everything and finds it.;Edmond de Goncourt;sad
You get used to sadness, growing up in the mountains, I guess.;Loretta Lynn;sad
Those who gave away their wings are sad not to see them fly.;Antonio Porchia;sad
What else does anxiety about the future bring you but sorrow upon sorrow?;Thomas a Kempis;sad
I had sadness for breakfast.;Andy Milonakis;sad
They say it's better to bury your sadness in a graveyard or garden that waits for the spring to wake from its sleep and burst into green.;Conor Oberst;sad
Actually, the moment of victory is wonderful, but also sad. It means that your trip is ended.;Bill Toomey;sad
