My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.;Charles Kettering;future
People who live in the past generally are afraid to compete in the present. I've got my faults, but living in the past is not one of them. There's no future in it.;Sparky Anderson;future
Sometimes your disappointments make you a stronger person for the future.;Blanka Vlasic;future
I keep dreaming of a future, a future with a long and healthy life, not lived in the shadow of cancer but in the light.;Patrick Swayze;future
If we were logical, the future would be bleak, indeed. But we are more than logical. We are human beings, and we have faith, and we have hope, and we can work.;Jacques Yves Cousteau;future
Most people are prisoners, thinking only about the future or living in the past. They are not in the present, and the present is where everything begins.;Carlos Santana;future
That man is prudent who neither hopes nor fears anything from the uncertain events of the future.;Anatole France;future
I have a lack of fear, whereas in the past the fear of failure was a powerful motivator. Anyway, I have great expectations for the future, but I just don't know if I'm the monarch of all I survey.;Sylvester Stallone;future
I have learned to live each day as it comes, and not to borrow trouble by dreading tomorrow. It is the dark menace of the future that makes cowards of us.;Dorothy Dix;future
Drugs are the enemies of ambition and hope - and when we fight against drugs we are fighting for the future.;Bob Riley;future
When our opponents on the Left have no serious ideas of their own, they resort to emotional appeals that play up Americans' fears about the future.;Paul Ryan;future
The trouble with the future is that is usually arrives before we're ready for it.;Arnold H. Glasow;future
The problem with the future is that it keeps turning into the present.;Bill Watterson;future
Most people should be talking about how Floyd Mayweather is a great undefeated future Hall of Famer that's his own promoter and that works extremely hard to get to where he's at. Instead, all you hear is hate and jealous remarks from critics who criticize me and, you know, most of the time, the people that criticize me can't do what I can do.;Floyd Mayweather, Jr.;future
I believe that children are our future. Teach them well and let them lead the way. Show them all the beauty they possess inside.;Whitney Houston;future
I believe life is a series of near misses. A lot of what we ascribe to luck is not luck at all. It's seizing the day and accepting responsibility for your future. It's seeing what other people don't see And pursuing that vision.;Howard Schultz;future
Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself.;Andrew Carnegie;future
To me, the black black woman is our essential mother, the blacker she is the more us she is and to see the hatred that is turned on her is enough to make me despair, almost entirely, of our future as a people.;Alice Walker;future
Life is a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of a future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.;Charles Lindbergh;future
In love, unlike most other passions, the recollection of what you have had and lost is always better than what you can hope for in the future.;Stendhal;future
By failing seriously to confront the most predicable economic crisis in our nation's history, the President's policies are committing us and our children to a diminished future.;Paul Ryan;future
If I advocate cautious optimism it is not because I do not have faith in the future but because I do not want to encourage blind faith.;Aung San Suu Kyi;future
I'm a person that carries everything that happened to me in my past, with me into the future. I refuse to let it make me bitter. I still completely believe in love and I remain open to anything that will happen to me.;Nicole Kidman;future
When all else is lost, the future still remains.;Christian Nestell Bovee;future
The future will be better tomorrow.;Dan Quayle;future
Taste refers to the past, imagination to the future.;Mason Cooley;future
I have great expectations for the future, because the past was highly overrated.;Sylvester Stallone;future
Fortune raises up and fortune brings low both the man who fares well and the one who fares badly and there is no prophet of the future for mortal men.;Sophocles;future
You never know what the future holds or where my life will take me.;Kim Kardashian;future
Scientists will eventually stop flailing around with solar power and focus their efforts on harnessing the only truly unlimited source of energy on the planet: stupidity. I predict that in the future, scientists will learn how to convert stupidity into clean fuel.;Scott Adams;future
Map out your future - but do it in pencil. The road ahead is as long as you make it. Make it worth the trip.;Jon Bon Jovi;future
If Germany, thanks to Hitler and his successors, were to enslave the European nations and destroy most of the treasures of their past, future historians would certainly pronounce that she had civilized Europe.;Simone Weil;future
The future is made of the same stuff as the present.;Simone Weil;future
The present was an egg laid by the past that had the future inside its shell.;Zora Neale Hurston;future
The Internet: transforming society and shaping the future through chat.;Dave Barry;future
I'm always thinking about creating. My future starts when I wake up every morning... Every day I find something creative to do with my life.;Miles Davis;future
I was planning on my future as a homeless person. I had a really good spot picked out.;Larry David;future
Let the workers organize. Let the toilers assemble. Let their crystallized voice proclaim their injustices and demand their privileges. Let all thoughtful citizens sustain them, for the future of Labor is the future of America.;John L. Lewis;future
All my children have spoken for themselves since they first learned to speak, and not always with my advance approval, and I expect that to continue in the future.;Gerald R. Ford;future
Of present fame think little, and of future less the praises that we receive after we are buried, like the flowers that are strewed over our grave, may be gratifying to the living, but they are nothing to the dead.;Charles Caleb Colton;future
Wisdom is the abstract of the past, but beauty is the promise of the future.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;future
The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be.;Paul Valery;future
We are called to be architects of the future, not its victims.;R. Buckminster Fuller;future
The only way to predict the future is to have power to shape the future.;Eric Hoffer;future
The enemies of the future are always the very nicest people.;Christopher Morley;future
Only mothers can think of the future - because they give birth to it in their children.;Maxim Gorky;future
You must recognize, embrace, and be honest about what is real for you today and allow that understanding to inform the choices you make. Only then will you be able to build the future of your dreams.;Suze Orman;future
I'm still driving along on the pop freeway of life. Thinking even further into the future, I definitely want to make an acoustic record. I want to try lots of different things.;Katy Perry;future
What is past is past, there is a future left to all men, who have the virtue to repent and the energy to atone.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;future
When we see the face of a child, we think of the future. We think of their dreams about what they might become, and what they might accomplish.;Desmond Tutu;future
People who own property feel a sense of ownership in their future and their society. They study, save, work, strive and vote. And people trapped in a culture of tenancy do not.;Henry Louis Gates;future
A dream collage is pictures of your goals. It is like your future photo album.;Bo Bennett;future
To me, living in the present means being aware of your conscious choice to focus on the past, present or future - it is not necessarily having to focus on the present.;Bo Bennett;future
Everything you need for better future and success has already been written. And guess what? All you have to do is go to the library.;Henri Frederic Amiel;future
I think that the present is worth attention, one shouldn't sacrifice it to future conceptions of, of this future or that future.;Tom Stoppard;future
To live for some future goal is shallow. It's the sides of the mountain that sustain life, not the top.;Robert M. Pirsig;future
We should all be concerned about the future because we will have to spend the rest of our lives there.;Charles Kettering;future
The atomic bomb made the prospect of future war unendurable. It has led us up those last few steps to the mountain pass and beyond there is a different country.;J. Robert Oppenheimer;future
I think that in the future, clocks won't say three o'clock anymore. They'll just get right to the point and rename three o'clock 'Pepsi.';Doug Coupland;future
When future archaeologists dig up the remains of California, they're going to find all of those gyms their scary-looking gym equipment, and they're going to assume that we were a culture obsessed with torture.;Doug Coupland;future
It also allows you to look as though you're not particularly from the present, future or past, either.;Doug Coupland;future
The future and eternity are two entirely different things.;Doug Coupland;future
If my future were determined just by my performance on a standardized test, I wouldn't be here. I guarantee you that.;Michelle Obama;future
It's just really hard to work and get better, building and planning for the future with the new Monte Carlo and keeping the race team intact and keeping them healthy.;Dale Earnhardt;future
Forget the past - the future will give you plenty to worry about.;George Allen, Sr.;future
If you want to have sustained joy, you have to not only make sure that you think right, but you also have to make decisions now that are going to guarantee some joy in the future.;Joyce Meyer;future
Right actions in the future are the best apologies for bad actions in the past.;Tryon Edwards;future
Under Barack Obama, the only 'Change' is that 'Hope' has been hard to find. Now millions of Americans are insecure about their future. But instead of inspiring us by reminding us of what makes us special, he divides us against each other. He tells Americans they're worse off because others are better off. That people got rich by making others poor.;Marco Rubio;future
I'm working on bringing the instant film camera back as part of the future.;Lady Gaga;future
I'm not sitting dwelling about the past or stressing or fretting about something in the future.;Jennifer Aniston;future
I have reached a place in my life where I need to sit down and say, 'Well, what do I do? What's best for me?' I need to look into options for the future.;Michael Phelps;future
In 1998, Artnet was the site that convinced me that if my writing didn't exist online, it didn't exist at all. It showed me criticism's future.;Jerry Saltz;future
And yet, I suppose you mourn the loss or the death of what you thought your life was, even if you find your life is better after. You mourn the future that you thought you'd planned.;Lynn Redgrave;future
The road to the future leads us smack into the wall. We simply ricochet off the alternatives that destiny offers. Our survival is no more than a question of 25, 50 or perhaps 100 years.;Jacques Yves Cousteau;future
Here is what we know after more than a decade of Republican rule: Texas works. Even 'The New York Times' let it slip into its pages that, 'Texas is the future.';Rick Perry;future
All I can say is that I'm getting married in the future. I've narrowed it down to that.;Tiger Woods;future
Education is not only a ladder of opportunity, but it is also an investment in our future.;Ed Markey;future
The future is the worst thing about the present.;Gustave Flaubert;future
America, which has the most glorious present still existing in the world today, hardly stops to enjoy it, in her insatiable appetite for the future.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;future
The wave of the future is coming and there is no fighting it.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;future
What I'm concerned about is endless borrowing, which is going to compromise our economy not only today but in the future. Because we know the decisions we make right now really dramatically impact us in the future, and the debt is literally getting out of our control.;Paul Ryan;future
At every crossroads on the path that leads to the future, tradition has placed 10,000 men to guard the past.;Maurice Maeterlinck;future
We can chart our future clearly and wisely only when we know the path which has led to the present.;Adlai E. Stevenson;future
I don't know what the future may hold, but I know who holds the future.;Ralph Abernathy;future
I said peace is sometimes narrowly interpreted it's the absence of conflict between nations or something. But peace is more inherent, more basic to human life, human beings, what we feel about each other, what we feel about life around us and what we see in our future.;Muhammad Yunus;future
To be able to sit in Donald Trump's apartment and talk about the future of corporate real estate was amazing.;Shia LaBeouf;future
If you see the magic in a fairy tale, you can face the future.;Danielle Steel;future
The perennial conviction that those who work hard and play by the rules will be rewarded with a more comfortable present and a stronger future for their children faces assault from just about every direction. That great enemy of democratic capitalism, economic inequality, is real and growing.;Jon Meacham;future
The future has already arrived. It's just not evenly distributed yet.;William Gibson;future
Poetry is not only dream and vision it is the skeleton architecture of our lives. It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before.;Audre Lorde;future
I am confident that when the facts and policies have been examined, when the record of performances have been reviewed, Barack Obama and Joe Biden will once again be elected to lead our beloved country to a better future.;Jimmy Carter;future
The man who comes up with a means for doing or producing almost anything better, faster or more economically has his future and his fortune at his fingertips.;J. Paul Getty;future
Parents are like shuttles on a loom. They join the threads of the past with threads of the future and leave their own bright patterns as they go.;Fred Rogers;future
We drive into the future using only our rearview mirror.;Marshall McLuhan;future
We're trying to set up a movie for me in the near future. It's going to be similar to the story of how I got discovered. Kinda like my own version of '8 Mile.';Justin Bieber;future
The past is an old armchair in the attic, the present an ominous ticking sound, and the future is anybody's guess.;James Thurber;future
I'm happy, I'm in a good place, I'm looking forward to my future.;Katy Perry;future
Use your lives wisely, my friends, and conserve these precious freedoms for future generations.;Ted Nugent;future
The question of armaments, whether on land or sea, is the most immediately and intensely practical question connected with the future fortunes of nations and of mankind.;Woodrow Wilson;future
