Architecture is the art of how to waste space.;Philip Johnson;architecture
My passion and great enjoyment for architecture, and the reason the older I get the more I enjoy it, is because I believe we - architects - can effect the quality of life of the people.;Richard Rogers;architecture
Building art is a synthesis of life in materialised form. We should try to bring in under the same hat not a splintered way of thinking, but all in harmony together.;Alvar Aalto;architecture
The higher the building the lower the morals.;Noel Coward;architecture
A house is a machine for living in.;Le Corbusier;architecture
A great building must begin with the unmeasurable, must go through measurable means when it is being designed and in the end must be unmeasurable.;Louis Kahn;architecture
Those who look for the laws of Nature as a support for their new works collaborate with the creator.;Antonio Gaudi;architecture
Architecture is basically a container of something. I hope they will enjoy not so much the teacup, but the tea.;Yoshio Taniguchi;architecture
Architecture is the learned game, correct and magnificent, of forms assembled in the light.;Le Corbusier;architecture
I believe that the way people live can be directed a little by architecture.;Tadao Ando;architecture
Space has always been the spiritual dimension of architecture. It is not the physical statement of the structure so much as what it contains that moves us.;Arthur Erickson;architecture
Great buildings that move the spirit have always been rare. In every case they are unique, poetic, products of the heart.;Arthur Erickson;architecture
Architecture starts when you carefully put two bricks together. There it begins.;Ludwig Mies van der Rohe;architecture
I try to give people a different way of looking at their surroundings. That's art to me.;Maya Lin;architecture
Architecture is the reaching out for the truth.;Louis Kahn;architecture
We should concentrate our work not only to a separated housing problem but housing involved in our daily work and all the other functions of the city.;Alvar Aalto;architecture
Make big plans aim high in hope and work, remembering that a noble, logical diagram once recorded will not die.;Daniel Burnham;architecture
Architecture arouses sentiments in man. The architect's task therefore, is to make those sentiments more precise.;Adolf Loos;architecture
To provide meaningful architecture is not to parody history but to articulate it.;Daniel Libeskind;architecture
To me, a building - if it's beautiful - is the love of one man, he's made it out of his love for space, materials, things like that.;Martha Graham;architecture
Form follows profit is the aesthetic principle of our times.;Richard Rogers;architecture
Warmth isn't what minimalists are thought to have.;Maya Lin;architecture
But the building's identity resided in the ornament.;Louis Sullivan;architecture
It is not the beauty of a building you should look at its the construction of the foundation that will stand the test of time.;David Allan Coe;architecture
I hate vacations. If you can build buildings, why sit on the beach?;Philip Johnson;architecture
A city building, you experience when you walk a suburban building, you experience when you drive.;Helmut Jahn;architecture
Every building is a prototype. No two are alike.;Helmut Jahn;architecture
The loftier the building, the deeper must the foundation be laid.;Thomas a Kempis;architecture
I love building spaces: architecture, furniture, all of it, probably more than fashion. The development procedure is more tactile. It's about space and form and it's something you can share with other people.;Donna Karan;architecture
Architecture is a visual art, and the buildings speak for themselves.;Julia Morgan;architecture
We build buildings which are terribly restless. And buildings don't go anywhere. They shouldn't be restless.;Minoru Yamasaki;architecture
Architecture tends to consume everything else, it has become one's entire life.;Arne Jacobsen;architecture
What people want, above all, is order.;Stephen Gardiner;architecture
The interior of the house personifies the private world the exterior of it is part of the outside world.;Stephen Gardiner;architecture
If you give people nothingness, they can ponder what can be achieved from that nothingness.;Tadao Ando;architecture
Nothing requires the architect's care more than the due proportions of buildings.;Marcus V. Pollio;architecture
Proportions are what makes the old Greek temples classic in their beauty. They are like huge blocks, from which the air has been literally hewn out between the columns.;Arne Jacobsen;architecture
Architecture is not an inspirational business, it's a rational procedure to do sensible and hopefully beautiful things that's all.;Harry Seidler;architecture
Not many architects have the luxury to reject significant things.;Rem Koolhaas;architecture
Cities are the greatest creations of humanity.;Daniel Libeskind;architecture
No architect troubled to design houses that suited people who were to live in them, because that would have meant building a whole range of different houses. It was far cheaper and, above all, timesaving to make them identical.;Michael Ende;architecture
If I have a style, I am not aware of it.;Michael Graves;architecture
Don't clap too hard - it's a very old building.;John Osborne;architecture
Form follows function.;Louis Sullivan;architecture
The work of art shows people new directions and thinks of the future. The house thinks of the present.;Adolf Loos;architecture
My buildings don't speak in words but by means of their own spaciousness.;Thom Mayne;architecture
Designed by architects with honorable intentions but hands of palsy.;Jimmy Breslin;architecture
The dialogue between client and architect is about as intimate as any conversation you can have, because when you're talking about building a house, you're talking about dreams.;Robert A. M. Stern;architecture
The Romans were not inventors of the supporting arch, but its extended use in vaults and intersecting barrel shapes and domes is theirs.;Harry Seidler;architecture
The bungalow had more to do with how Americans live today than any other building that has gone remotely by the name of architecture in our history.;Russell Lynes;architecture
Color in certain places has the great value of making the outlines and structural planes seem more energetic.;Antonio Gaudi;architecture
In any architecture, there is an equity between the pragmatic function and the symbolic function.;Michael Graves;architecture
At a certain point, I just put the building and the art impulse together. I decided that building was a legitimate way to make sculpture.;Martin Puryear;architecture
For many years, I have lived uncomfortably with the belief that most planning and architectural design suffers for lack of real and basic purpose. The ultimate purpose, it seems to me, must be the improvement of mankind.;James Rouse;architecture
The frightening thought that what you draw may become a building makes for reasoned lines.;Saul Steinberg;architecture
Buildings should serve people, not the other way around.;John Portman;architecture
Architects in the past have tended to concentrate their attention on the building as a static object. I believe dynamics are more important: the dynamics of people, their interaction with spaces and environmental condition.;John Portman;architecture
My buildings will be my legacy... they will speak for me long after I'm gone.;Julia Morgan;architecture
In Los Angeles, by the time you're 35, you're older than most of the buildings.;Delia Ephron;architecture
Rome has not seen a modern building in more than half a century. It is a city frozen in time.;Richard Meier;architecture
Even at the United Nations, where legend has it that the building was designed so that there could be no corner offices, the expanse of glass in individual offices is said to be a dead giveaway as to rank. Five windows are excellent, one window not so great.;Enid Nemy;architecture
I have designed the most buildings of any living American architect.;Alexander Jackson Davis;architecture
I am but an architectural composer.;Alexander Jackson Davis;architecture
As a designer, the mission with which we have been charged is simple: providing space at the right cost.;Harry von Zell;architecture
They can do without architecture who have no olives nor wines in the cellar.;Henry David Thoreau;architecture
I call architecture frozen music.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;architecture
Fashion is architecture: it is a matter of proportions.;Coco Chanel;architecture
The greatest advances of civilization, whether in architecture or painting, in science and literature, in industry or agriculture, have never come from centralized government.;Milton Friedman;architecture
I paint mostly from real life. It has to start with that. Real people, real street scenes, behind the curtain scenes, live models, paintings, photographs, staged setups, architecture, grids, graphic design. Whatever it takes to make it work.;Bob Dylan;architecture
Prose is architecture, not interior decoration, and the Baroque is over.;Ernest Hemingway;architecture
Switzerland is a small, steep country, much more up and down than sideways, and is all stuck over with large brown hotels built on the cuckoo clock style of architecture.;Ernest Hemingway;architecture
The ancient Romans built their greatest masterpieces of architecture, their amphitheaters, for wild beasts to fight in.;Voltaire;architecture
Architecture has recorded the great ideas of the human race. Not only every religious symbol, but every human thought has its page in that vast book.;Victor Hugo;architecture
There are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;architecture
All architecture is great architecture after sunset perhaps architecture is really a nocturnal art, like the art of fireworks.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;architecture
Every man's work, whether it be literature, or music or pictures or architecture or anything else, is always a portrait of himself.;Samuel Butler;architecture
I was planning to go into architecture. But when I arrived, architecture was filled up. Acting was right next to it, so I signed up for acting instead.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;architecture
Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.;Steve Martin;architecture
Architecture begins where engineering ends.;Walter Gropius;architecture
The mother art is architecture. Without an architecture of our own we have no soul of our own civilization.;Frank Lloyd Wright;architecture
The terrifying and edible beauty of Art Nouveau architecture.;Salvador Dali;architecture
It is impossible, as impossible as to raise the dead, to restore anything that has ever been great or beautiful in architecture. That which I have insisted upon as the life of the whole, that spirit which is given only by the hand and eye of the workman, can never be recalled.;John Ruskin;architecture
A man of eighty has outlived probably three new schools of painting, two of architecture and poetry and a hundred in dress.;Lord Byron;architecture
No architecture is so haughty as that which is simple.;John Ruskin;architecture
It seems a fantastic paradox, but it is nevertheless a most important truth, that no architecture can be truly noble which is not imperfect.;John Ruskin;architecture
Organic architecture seeks superior sense of use and a finer sense of comfort, expressed in organic simplicity.;Frank Lloyd Wright;architecture
Convinced as I am and as I am from my government that the world needs a new moral architecture over all I believe that this should be the first topic to debate in our world of today, ethics, moral.;Hugo Chavez;architecture
Maybe we can show government how to operate better as a result of better architecture. Eventually, I think Chicago will be the most beautiful great city left in the world.;Frank Lloyd Wright;architecture
Noble life demands a noble architecture for noble uses of noble men. Lack of culture means what it has always meant: ignoble civilization and therefore imminent downfall.;Frank Lloyd Wright;architecture
Architecture is the will of an epoch translated into space.;Ludwig Mies van der Rohe;architecture
All the revision in the world will not save a bad first draft: for the architecture of the thing comes, or fails to come, in the first conception, and revision only affects the detail and ornament, alas!;T. E. Lawrence;architecture
All architecture is shelter, all great architecture is the design of space that contains, cuddles, exalts, or stimulates the persons in that space.;Philip Johnson;architecture
Even though I build buildings and I pursue my architecture, I pursue it as an artist. I deliberately keep a tiny studio. I don't want to be an architectural firm. I want to remain an artist.;Maya Lin;architecture
Engineering, medicine, business, architecture and painting are concerned not with the necessary but with the contingent - not with how things are but with how they might be - in short, with design.;Herbert Simon;architecture
Poetry is not only dream and vision it is the skeleton architecture of our lives. It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before.;Audre Lorde;architecture
The art of dancing stands at the source of all the arts that express themselves first in the human person. The art of building, or architecture, is the beginning of all the arts that lie outside the person and in the end they unite.;Havelock Ellis;architecture
All real education is the architecture of the soul.;William Bennett;architecture
Nothing is as dangerous in architecture as dealing with separated problems. If we split life into separated problems we split the possibilities to make good building art.;Alvar Aalto;architecture
The details are the very source of expression in architecture. But we are caught in a vice between art and the bottom line.;Arthur Erickson;architecture
