I think that the first thing is you should have a strategic asset allocation mix that assumes that you don't know what the future is going to hold.;Ray Dalio;future
As children, as we learn what things are, we are slowly learning to dismiss them visually. As adults, entirely submerged in words and concepts, we spend almost all of our time thinking and worrying about the past and the future, hardly ever looking at or engaging with the world visually.;Chris Ware;future
Without a Mayaguez, or something comparable that we don't see in the immediate future, there is probably no one thing the President can do to himself to turn this situation around.;Robert Teeter;future
Everything that ever happened is still happening. Past, present and future keep happening in the eternity which is Here and Now.;James Broughton;future
The self is an oral society in which the present is constantly running a dialogue with the past and the future inside of one skin.;David Antin;future
Including myself, the majority of the Korean people believe in this staunch alliance between Korea and the United States and all of us hope that our traditional alliance will be further strengthened in the future.;Lee Myung-bak;future
After all, it's the future of business communication that we're looking toward.;Jim Barksdale;future
You never know what the future brings.;Randy Jackson;future
I think within Japan there is talk about how there is the need to reassess the future of the U.S.-Japan alliance.;Lee Myung-bak;future
All historical experience demonstrates the following: Our earth cannot be changed unless in the not too distant future an alteration in the consciousness of individuals is achieved.;Hans Kung;future
The Nuclear Security Summit was President Obama's initiative born out of his vision to leave behind a safer, more prosperous world for the future generation.;Lee Myung-bak;future
And time itself? Time was a never-ending medium that stretched into the future and the past - except there was no future and no past, but an infinite number of brackets, extending either way, each bracket enclosing its single phase of the Universe.;Clifford D. Simak;future
If we are to garner sustained U.S. domestic support for future trade agreements, we have to make sure those Americans who have suffered as a consequence of past agreements have an effective social safety net, adjustment assistance, opportunities for retraining and new job creation that enables all Americans to thrive.;Susan Rice;future
There was a certain point in my life where I had to decide that I was going to take my future and Nicole's and not wallow in what happened to me because when you do that, you just keep repeating what's been happening and at some point you have to make a choice.;Boris Kodjoe;future
Our challenge for the future is that we realize we are very much a part of the earth's ecosystem, and we must learn to respect and live according to the basic biological laws of nature.;Jim Fowler;future
I always felt like my future was at stake every time I stepped on stage and that was kind of hair-raising. At some point I just went, don't be frightened, you can't do anything wrong, it's your show.;Rickie Lee Jones;future
He plants trees to benefit another generation.;Caecilius Statius;gardening
If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;gardening
What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have never been discovered.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;gardening
Remember that children, marriages, and flower gardens reflect the kind of care they get.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;gardening
The best place to find God is in a garden. You can dig for him there.;George Bernard Shaw;gardening
Flowers always make people better, happier, and more helpful they are sunshine, food and medicine for the soul.;Luther Burbank;gardening
We must cultivate our own garden. When man was put in the garden of Eden he was put there so that he should work, which proves that man was not born to rest.;Voltaire;gardening
I don't like formal gardens. I like wild nature. It's just the wilderness instinct in me, I guess.;Walt Disney;gardening
It is a golden maxim to cultivate the garden for the nose, and the eyes will take care of themselves.;Robert Louis Stevenson;gardening
A garden requires patient labor and attention. Plants do not grow merely to satisfy ambitions or to fulfill good intentions. They thrive because someone expended effort on them.;Liberty Hyde Bailey;gardening
A weed is a plant that has mastered every survival skill except for learning how to grow in rows.;Doug Larson;gardening
It is like the seed put in the soil - the more one sows, the greater the harvest.;Orison Swett Marden;gardening
Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.;Les Brown;gardening
In search of my mother's garden, I found my own.;Alice Walker;gardening
A good garden may have some weeds.;Thomas Fuller;gardening
It will never rain roses: when we want to have more roses we must plant more trees.;George Eliot;gardening
Gardens are not made by singing 'Oh, how beautiful,' and sitting in the shade.;Rudyard Kipling;gardening
God Almighty first planted a garden. And indeed, it is the purest of human pleasures.;Francis Bacon;gardening
A garden is a grand teacher. It teaches patience and careful watchfulness it teaches industry and thrift above all it teaches entire trust.;Gertrude Jekyll;gardening
Everything that slows us down and forces patience, everything that sets us back into the slow circles of nature, is a help. Gardening is an instrument of grace.;May Sarton;gardening
I grow plants for many reasons: to please my eye or to please my soul, to challenge the elements or to challenge my patience, for novelty or for nostalgia, but mostly for the joy in seeing them grow.;David Hobson;gardening
A man has made at least a start on discovering the meaning of human life when he plants shade trees under which he knows full well he will never sit.;D. Elton Trueblood;gardening
Who loves a garden loves a greenhouse too.;William Cowper;gardening
Gardening is how I relax. It's another form of creating and playing with colors.;Oscar de la Renta;gardening
Show me your garden and I shall tell you what you are.;Alfred Austin;gardening
My neighbour asked if he could use my lawnmower and I told him of course he could, so long as he didn't take it out of my garden.;Eric Morecambe;gardening
A garden is a complex of aesthetic and plastic intentions and the plant is, to a landscape artist, not only a plant - rare, unusual, ordinary or doomed to disappearance - but it is also a color, a shape, a volume or an arabesque in itself.;Roberto Burle Marx;gardening
The love of gardening is a seed once sown that never dies.;Gertrude Jekyll;gardening
The glory of gardening: hands in the dirt, head in the sun, heart with nature. To nurture a garden is to feed not just on the body, but the soul.;Alfred Austin;gardening
Trees and plants always look like the people they live with, somehow.;Zora Neale Hurston;gardening
What's a butterfly garden without butterflies?;Roy Rogers;gardening
It is only the farmer who faithfully plants seeds in the Spring, who reaps a harvest in the Autumn.;B. C. Forbes;gardening
But if each man could have his own house, a large garden to cultivate and healthy surroundings - then, I thought, there will be for them a better opportunity of a happy family life.;George Cadbury;gardening
To dwell is to garden.;Martin Heidegger;gardening
Plants that wake when others sleep. Timid jasmine buds that keep their fragrance to themselves all day, but when the sunlight dies away let the delicious secret out to every breeze that roams about.;Thomas Moore;gardening
All gardening is landscape painting.;William Kent;gardening
Weather means more when you have a garden. There's nothing like listening to a shower and thinking how it is soaking in around your green beans.;Marcelene Cox;gardening
How deeply seated in the human heart is the liking for gardens and gardening.;Alexander Smith;gardening
I do some of my best thinking while pulling weeds.;Martha Smith;gardening
If we had paid no more attention to our plants than we have to our children, we would now be living in a jungle of weed.;Luther Burbank;gardening
Gardening is not a rational act.;Margaret Atwood;gardening
Help us to be ever faithful gardeners of the spirit, who know that without darkness nothing comes to birth, and without light nothing flowers.;May Sarton;gardening
I think this is what hooks one to gardening: it is the closest one can come to being present at creation.;Phyllis Theroux;gardening
I plant a lot of trees. I am a great believer in planting things for future generations. I loathe the now culture where you just live for today.;Penelope Keith;gardening
The secret of improved plant breeding, apart from scientific knowledge, is love.;Luther Burbank;gardening
Some men like to make a little garden out of life and walk down a path.;Jean Anouilh;gardening
The garden, by design, is concerned with both the interior and the land beyond the garden.;Stephen Gardiner;gardening
The garden suggests there might be a place where we can meet nature halfway.;Michael Pollan;gardening
Use plants to bring life.;Douglas Wilson;gardening
What a man needs in gardening is a cast-iron back, with a hinge in it.;Charles Dudley Warner;gardening
When a finished work of 20th century sculpture is placed in an 18th century garden, it is absorbed by the ideal representation of the past, thus reinforcing political and social values that are no longer with us.;Robert Smithson;gardening
A person cannot love a plant after he has pruned it, then he has either done a poor job or is devoid of emotion.;Liberty Hyde Bailey;gardening
A garden must combine the poetic and he mysterious with a feeling of serenity and joy.;Luis Barragan;gardening
I love decorating my home. I'm a gardener too, so that's usually something I have to play catch up with.;Suzy Bogguss;gardening
Well tended garden is better than a neglected wood lot.;Dixie Lee Ray;gardening
If a tree dies, plant another in its place.;Carolus Linnaeus;gardening
Working with plants, trees, fences and walls, if they practice sincerely they will attain enlightenment.;Dogen Zenji;gardening
If you build up the soil with organic material, the plants will do just fine.;John Harrison;gardening
I loved to get all dusty and ride horses and plant potatoes and cotton.;Dorothy Malone;gardening
Garden as though you will live forever.;William Kent;gardening
I am sure that if you plant the trees back again, it will do nothing but good.;Michael Fish;gardening
One lifetime is never enough to accomplish one's horticultural goals. If a garden is a site for the imagination, how can we be very far from the beginning?;Francis Cabot Lowell;gardening
I don't divide architecture, landscape and gardening to me they are one.;Luis Barragan;gardening
There is no gardening without humility. Nature is constantly sending even its oldest scholars to the bottom of the class for some egregious blunder.;Alfred Austin;gardening
I loathe gardening, but I love gardens, and I have two beautiful gardens. I can not bear gardening, but I love gardens.;Elton John;gardening
I've come to recognize what I call my 'inside interests.' Telling stories. And helping people tell their stories is a sort of interpersonal gardening. My work at NBC News was to report the news, but in hindsight, I often tried to look for some insight to share that might spark a moment of recognition in a viewer.;Jane Pauley;gardening
I am a particular fan of integrative exercise - that is, exercise that occurs in the course of doing some productive activity such as gardening, bicycling to work, doing home improvement projects and so on.;Andrew Weil;gardening
My passion for gardening may strike some as selfish, or merely an act of resignation in the face of overwhelming problems that beset the world. It is neither. I have found that each garden is just what Voltaire proposed in Candide: a microcosm of a just and beautiful society.;Andrew Weil;gardening
In the world at large, people are rewarded or punished in ways that are often utterly random. In the garden, cause and effect, labor and reward, are re-coupled. Gardening makes sense in a senseless world. By extension, then, the more gardens in the world, the more justice, the more sense is created.;Andrew Weil;gardening
Gardening is not trivial. If you believe that it is, closely examine why you feel that way. You may discover that this attitude has been forced upon you by mass media and the crass culture it creates and maintains. The fact is, gardening is just the opposite - it is, or should be, a central, basic expression of human life.;Andrew Weil;gardening
I do the gardening.;Kenneth Robert Livingstone;gardening
I got a little house in East L.A. and did the gardening. I was doing some acting here and there, doing my own thing... getting back to reality.;Adam Ant;gardening
My hobby is gardening, I love it, it's my main hobby. I like being at home and I'm very happy being in my house, I love cooking.;Susan Hampshire;gardening
I have to keep up with the scientific literature as part of my job, but increasingly I found myself reading things that weren't really relevant to my academic work, but were relevant to gardening.;Ken Thompson;gardening
I don't hold that everybody has to love fashion. Some people like gardening.;Steven Cojocaru;gardening
I'm pretty good at gardening. It consumes my time, and it feels like I'm doing something constructive.;Simon Baker;gardening
Gardening has just sort of grown on me. I find it therapeutic. And I like smelly things.;Clive Anderson;gardening
I'm not surfing much anymore, but I love hiking and gardening, and I'm always wearing a hat and sunblock.;Carolyn Murphy;gardening
The space and light up there in Norfolk is wonderfully peaceful. I find myself doing funny things like gardening, and cooking, which I rarely do in London.;Jeremy Northam;gardening
Many talk about a guest worker program. I think most reasonable people believe that a guest worker program in the farming industry, perhaps in the gardening and landscape industries, is reasonable.;Gary Miller;gardening
Somebody informed me recently that the key to every art, from writing to gardening to sculpture, is creativity. I beg to differ.;Roy Blount, Jr.;gardening
I love a lot of things, and I'm pretty much obsessive about most things I do, whether it be gardening, or architecture, or music. I'd be an obsessive hairdresser.;Gates McFadden;gardening
I put quite a few trees in last autumn. A lot of silver birch and a couple of native trees - just generally doing gardening, putting plants in and hedges in. It takes quite a lot of time and I love it.;Sean Bean;gardening
