When I see someone who is starved, they don't look alert. They don't have boundless energy. If you're too skinny, it looks like you're near death.;Kirstie Alley;death
'American Horror' goes for a very specific kind of Seventies suburban downer ambience - 'Flowers in the Attic' paperbacks, Black Sabbath album covers and late-night flicks like 'Let's Scare Jessica to Death.' It even has 'Go Ask Alice'-era urban legends.;Rob Sheffield;death
People want the right to die at a time of their own choosing. Too many families have watched helplessly as a relative dies slowly, longing for death.;Polly Toynbee;death
When I die, don't let my death stop the resistance.;Muqtada al Sadr;death
It's a matter of life and death for this country. The Kenyan forests are facing extinction and it is a man-made problem.;Wangari Maathai;death
It's something I want to overcome. And my kids are scared to death to fly. I want them to witness me overcome it.;Travis Barker;death
Death by starvation is slow.;Mary Austin;death
Libertarians know that a free country has nothing to fear from anyone coming in or going out - while a welfare state is scared to death of poor people coming in and rich people getting out.;Harry Browne;death
Women have not yet realized the cowardice that resides, for if they should decide to do so, they would be able to fight you until death and to prove that I speak the truth, amongst so many women, I will be the first to act, setting an example for them to follow.;Veronica Franco;death
Sickness, insanity and death were the angels that surrounded my cradle and they have followed me throughout my life.;Edvard Munch;death
There are people who never experience that, who remain closed until death, from fear of change.;Isabelle Adjani;death
One of the big questions in the climate change debate: Are humans any smarter than frogs in a pot? If you put a frog in a pot and slowly turn up the heat, it won't jump out. Instead, it will enjoy the nice warm bath until it is cooked to death. We humans seem to be doing pretty much the same thing.;Jeff Goodell;death
In this situation I was constantly exposed to danger and death.;Daniel Boone;death
We were then in a dangerous, helpless situation, exposed daily to perils and death amongst savages and wild beasts, not a white man in the country but ourselves.;Daniel Boone;death
I had always loved John Ford's pictures. And I came to love him, too, but I was frightened to death working for him. He used the shock treatment while directing me.;Ethel Waters;death
Hitchcock had to fight to the death to make his movies.;Alex Winter;death
After my mother's death, I had such difficulty relating to people.;Jaron Lanier;death
The Supreme Court of the United States... has validated the Nazi method of execution in... concentration camps, starving them to death.;Jack Kevorkian;death
I will admit, like Socrates and Aristotle and Plato and some other philosophers, that there are instances where the death penalty would seem appropriate.;Jack Kevorkian;death
Not one has shown an iota of fear of death. They want to end this agony.;Jack Kevorkian;death
If Christ can die in a barn, I think the death of a human in a van is not so bad.;Jack Kevorkian;death
You've gotta know what death is to know life!;Jack Kevorkian;death
I hate to say this, but I'll repeat it: After death, all we know that you do is stink.;Jack Kevorkian;death
There's stuff I don't like to rehearse, really emotional things, I don't like to rehearse. You just beat it to death.;Kat Dennings;death
I'm trying to knock the medical profession into accepting its responsibilities, and those responsibilities include assisting their patients with death.;Jack Kevorkian;death
Nobody with an IQ higher than emergency-room temperature could ever believe that 'death panels' would be appointed to nudge the elderly toward euthanasia. Yet for idle entertainment, it's hard to beat Sarah Palin's ignorant nattering on the subject.;Carl Hiaasen;death
The miser, starving his brother's body, starves also his own soul, and at death shall creep out of his great estate of injustice, poor and naked and miserable.;Theodore Parker;death
I'm not supposed to be able to speak clearly, and decipher what's going on in the media. I'm supposed to be the typical amateur who's 22 and scared to death and can't believe he won the Olympics.;Carl Lewis;death
I stay way from that area, and there's only so many songs you can write about love, sex and death.;Peter Steele;death
My death will be caused by morphine, which I have deliberately taken with suicidal intent.;Alex Campbell;death
A Shakespearean tragedy as so far considered may be called a story of exceptional calamity leading to the death of a man in high estate. But it is clearly much more than this, and we have now to regard it from another side.;Andrew Coyle Bradley;death
The American people are not just being taxed to death they're being taxed after death. But, no one should have to sell the life's work of a parent or a loved one just to pay the federal government.;J. D. Hayworth;death
We worry about the seemingly ever-increasing number of natural catastrophes. Yet this is mainly a consequence of CNN - we see many more, but the number is roughly constant, and we manage to deal much better with them over time. Globally, the death rate from catastrophes has dropped about fifty-fold over the past century.;Bjorn Lomborg;death
I am politically pro-choice, but personally pro-life. I have my faith but refuse to force it on the world at large - especially this world, so brutal and unjust. I cannot make these wrenching personal life and death decisions for others - nor do I believe they should be made by a church run by childless men.;Julianna Baggott;death
And, in a funny way, each death is different and you mourn each death differently and each death brings back the death you mourned earlier and you get into a bit of a pile-up.;Nigella Lawson;death
We burned to death 100,000 Japanese civilians in Tokyo - men, women and children. LeMay recognized that what he was doing would be thought immoral if his side had lost. But what makes it immoral if you lose and not immoral if you win?;Robert McNamara;death
It's normally the kiss of death to be identified as a rising star, or someone to watch.;George Osborne;death
I was writing a scene where a guy was choking another guy to death. You can go online and type 'chokeholds' and watch scenes where martial artists choke each other out. You can hear what noises they make when they go unconscious, see how their bodies flop and everything. YouTube is amazing for the more detailed stuff.;Daniel H. Wilson;death
Over the past 50 years we got versions of X-ray specs and space vacations, and even death rays. But the X-ray specs don't fit on your face - they're big things that screen your luggage for guns. Space vacations are real, but they cost $20 million. We have death rays, but you have to be a triple Ph.D. to play with them.;Daniel H. Wilson;death
Life is like a very short visit to a toyshop between birth and death.;Desmond Morris;death
They can rule the world while they can persuade us our pain belongs in some order is death by famine worse than death by suicide, than a life of famine and suicide...?;Adrienne Rich;death
Until the day of his death, no man can be sure of his courage.;Jean Anouilh;death
He who is obsessed by death is made guilty by it.;Elias Canetti;death
There is no such thing as an ugly language. Today I hear every language as if it were the only one, and when I hear of one that is dying, it overwhelms me as though it were the death of the earth.;Elias Canetti;death
The first novel I wrote was a monster - clocking in at 180,000 words - but it died a death, a death it deserved. It was called 'The Gods First Make Mad.' It was a good title, but it was the only good thing about the book. I didn't let that put me off.;Wilbur Smith;death
I have sometimes imagined my own death and brought myself to tears.;Martin Short;death
Any existence deprived of freedom is a kind of death.;Michel Aoun;death
But for me, it is when a student has died. I find the death of a young person the most difficult and painful of times. To explain it to other young people, to see a bright future snuffed out, is just awful. I am haunted by those deaths.;Donna Shalala;death
Nothing is absolute, with the debatable exceptions of this statement and death.;John Ralston Saul;death
I'm watching the Weather Channel more than I've ever watched it. I'm scared to death it's going to rain.;John Elway;death
Nature creates while destroying, and doesn't care whether it creates or destroys as long as life isn't extinguished, as long as death doesn't lose its rights.;Ivan Turgenev;death
If you have fun, fine. It's not all life and death.;Bill Parcells;death
When the courts decide that murderers, rapists, and others who maliciously break our social contract deserve health care that most working Americans can't afford, they are condemning good people to death.;Tammy Bruce;death
People need jobs, people need happy and successful lives there should be marriage between one man and one woman, there should the value of person from conception until natural death.;Alveda King;death
It comes with faith, for with complete faith there is no fear of what faces you in life or death.;Jacqueline Cochran;death
I think life is sacred, whether it's abortion or the death penalty.;Tim Kaine;death
I am deeply saddened by the death of my dear friend, Dudley Moore.;Liza Minnelli;death
Instead of joyfully looking forward to my birth, my mother began systematically preparing for her own death. She was fatalistic.;Lorna Luft;death
Cause at the end of the day, honestly, at the end of the day when you're in your death bed and that's it, I think it's the relationships you've had and the people that you've touched and the people that have touched you that matter.;Julie Benz;death
As a comic, you try something and if it works you go with it and grind it to death.;Alexei Sayle;death
I've accentuated the look over the years. As a comic, you try something and if it works you go with it and grind it to death.;Alexei Sayle;death
The writer crafts their ideal world. In my world, everyone has really long conversations or just picks apart pop culture to death and everyone talks in monologue.;Kevin Smith;death
Our law is a Jordanian law that we inherited, which applies to both the West Bank and Gaza, and sets the death penalty for those who sell land to Israelis.;Yasser Arafat;death
If I ever completely lost my nervousness I would be frightened half to death.;Paul Lynde;death
I think I might actually die of showing off. It'll be on my headstone - 'Cause of Death: Showing Off.';Jenny Eclair;death
When we have done our best, we can, as a united people, take whatever may befall with calm courage and confidence that this old nation will survive and if death should come to many of us, death is not the end.;Eamon de Valera;death
I think to have the skill set and the ability to physically help others in matters of life and death must be incredibly empowering.;Karlie Kloss;death
I don't think of death in a romantic way anymore.;Robert Smith;death
To have been torn from the study would have been as death my time was entirely occupied with art.;John James Audubon;death
When I was younger, I wasn't concentrating on good days. I was managing a career and trying to have a good year. It would always 'lead' to something, which never leads to anything except death, where everything leads to. And then as I got older, and then I had my kids and everything, I began to appreciate a great Wednesday.;Albert Brooks;death
If you wish to make a man look noble, your best course is to kill him. What superiority he may have inherited from his race, what superiority nature may have personally gifted him with, comes out in death.;Alexander Smith;death
Death is the ugly fact which Nature has to hide, and she hides it well.;Alexander Smith;death
I like death. I'm a big fan of it.;Guy Ritchie;death
It's certain that the death of an actor can be on a television screen playing the same thing every week.;Giancarlo Esposito;death
In these dangerous times, where it seems the world is ripping apart at the seams, we can all learn how to survive from those who stare death squarely in the face every day, and we should reach out to each other and bond as a community, rather than hide from the terrors of life at the end of the millennium.;Jonathan Larson;death
Between our birth and death we may touch understanding, As a moth brushes a window with its wing.;Christopher Fry;death
Washington, not Jefferson, freed his slaves upon his death.;Stephen Ambrose;death
There are some people who walk into a room and they oxygenate it, by their very being there's fresh air. Then there are those who come in with the smell of death and they suck the life out.;Peter Mullan;death
When we play 'Angel of Death', it's actually a 2 and half minutes sing 'til our party starts. That song is pretty much been played traditionally in the end.;Kerry King;death
Patrick Henry did not say, 'Give me absolutely safety or give me death.' America is supposed to be about freedom.;John Stossel;death
Lots of people there seemed to be in denial, in absolute denial, of death - everybody's pretending that death doesn't happen in L.A. if you do enough exercise and take enough wheatgrass and have your pill every day, you might not die.;Emily Mortimer;death
On the basis of biological, sociological, and historical knowledge, we should recognize that the individual self is subject to death or decay, but the sum total of individual achievement, for better or worse, lives on in the immortality of The Larger.;Hu Shih;death
I just don't get death at all. Yes, it's there. But I don't get it.;Manolo Blahnik;death
I can't let my mother's death have been in vain. Democracy is the best revenge, and we will have it.;Bilawal Bhutto Zardari;death
You should celebrate the end of a love affair as they celebrate death in New Orleans, with songs, laughter, dancing and a lot of wine.;Francoise Sagan;death
Nothing is a matter of life and death except life and death.;Angela Carter;death
He killed his enemies because he was afraid they would kill him. Amin ordered entire tribes to be put to death, because he feared they would rebel.;Ryszard Kapuscinski;death
To be clear, climate change is a true 800 pound gorilla in the room. The effects of global warming threaten global environmental upheaval over the coming century. But for South Florida and the Everglades, it could be our death knell if urgent action is not taken.;Debbie Wasserman Schultz;death
It's funny, though, speaking of fathers and sons, because me and John Goodman played father and son, like, five or six years ago in the film 'Death Sentence,' and I got back with him again in 'Inside Llewyn Davis.';Garrett Hedlund;death
You know, I've never actually really believed that death is inevitable. I just think it's a rumor.;David Carradine;death
I rely on guns for protection in life. God does not say, 'This is la-la land.' God doesn't say, 'Welcome to Earth. Everything's perfect. There's no crime. There's no murder. There's no death.' The world is imperfect, and you have to be on guard.;Luke Scott;death
I don't want to hear about my death.;Oriana Fallaci;death
The situation in the United States is becoming more dire for average ordinary Americans and the last thing we need to do is to spend money on death, destruction and war.;Cynthia McKinney;death
Death doesn't frighten me now I can think peacefully of ending a long life.;Jeanne Calment;death
Defeat the fear of death and you welcome the death of fear.;G. Gordon Liddy;death
The illness, and the untimely death of my brothers, has made me conscious of the fact that - rather than just think about it - it's crucial that you do today what you want to do.;Robin Gibb;death
The cult of the individual is killing us. I think Twitter signals the death of western civilisation, but people have been saying that since Demosthenes.;Kate Atkinson;death
You realize that however much you don't think about death - or think that's for other people - you're just an organism living from day to day. I'm just grateful I'm here.;Robin Gibb;death
I think about death a lot, I really do, because I can't believe I won't exist. It's the ego isn't it? I feel that I should retreat into a better form of Zen Buddhism than this kind of ego-dominated thing. But I don't know, I mean, I want to come back as a tree but I suspect that it's just not going to happen, is it?;Kate Atkinson;death
