Blind faith, no matter how passionately expressed, will not suffice. Science for its part will test relentlessly every assumption about the human condition.;E. O. Wilson;science
When you're thirsty and it seems that you could drink the entire ocean that's faith when you start to drink and finish only a glass or two that's science.;Anton Chekhov;science
Science fiction writers foresee the inevitable, and although problems and catastrophes may be inevitable, solutions are not.;Isaac Asimov;science
Political liberty, the peace of a nation, and science itself are gifts for which Fate demands a heavy tax in blood!;Honore de Balzac;science
The universe is governed by science. But science tells us that we can't solve the equations, directly in the abstract.;Stephen Hawking;science
Science is but an image of the truth.;Francis Bacon;science
Science cannot solve the ultimate mystery of nature. And that is because, in the last analysis, we ourselves are a part of the mystery that we are trying to solve.;Max Planck;science
Science, my lad, is made up of mistakes, but they are mistakes which it is useful to make, because they lead little by little to the truth.;Jules Verne;science
Of course in science there are things that are open to doubt and things need to be discussed. But among the things that science does know, evolution is about as certain as anything we know.;Richard Dawkins;science
The work of science is to substitute facts for appearances, and demonstrations for impressions.;John Ruskin;science
To me there has never been a higher source of earthly honor or distinction than that connected with advances in science.;Isaac Newton;science
Political ideology can corrupt the mind, and science.;E. O. Wilson;science
Science predicts that many different kinds of universe will be spontaneously created out of nothing. It is a matter of chance which we are in.;Stephen Hawking;science
The capacity of the female mind for studies of the highest order cannot be doubted, having been sufficiently illustrated by its works of genius, of erudition, and of science.;James Madison;science
Philosophers have not kept up with modern developments in science. Particularly physics.;Stephen Hawking;science
The media need superheroes in science just as in every sphere of life, but there is really a continuous range of abilities with no clear dividing line.;Stephen Hawking;science
I used to think information was destroyed in black hole. This was my biggest blunder, or at least my biggest blunder in science.;Stephen Hawking;science
The Athanasian Creed is to me light and intelligible reading in comparison with much that now passes for science.;Samuel Butler;science
Poets say science takes away from the beauty of the stars - mere globs of gas atoms. I, too, can see the stars on a desert night, and feel them. But do I see less or more?;Richard P. Feynman;science
A science which does not bring us nearer to God is worthless.;Simone Weil;science
But perhaps the rest of us could have separate classes in science appreciation, the wonder of science, scientific ways of thinking, and the history of scientific ideas, rather than laboratory experience.;Richard Dawkins;science
We especially need imagination in science. It is not all mathematics, nor all logic, but it is somewhat beauty and poetry.;Maria Montessori;science
Formerly, when religion was strong and science weak, men mistook magic for medicine now, when science is strong and religion weak, men mistake medicine for magic.;Thomas Szasz;science
Reason, observation, and experience the holy trinity of science.;Robert Green Ingersoll;science
Science coverage could be improved by the recognition that science is timeless, and therefore science stories should not need to be pegged to an item in the news.;Richard Dawkins;science
Science commits suicide when it adopts a creed.;Thomas Huxley;science
By any reasonable measure of achievement, the faith of the Enlightenment thinkers in science was justified.;E. O. Wilson;science
If we take science as our sole guide, if we accept and hold fast that alone which is verifiable, the old theology must go.;John Burroughs;science
It seems to me that socialists today can preserve their position in academic economics merely by the pretense that the differences are entirely moral questions about which science cannot decide.;Friedrich August von Hayek;science
Books are the carriers of civilization. Without books, history is silent, literature dumb, science crippled, thought and speculation at a standstill.;Barbara Tuchman;science
Science has done more for the development of western civilization in one hundred years than Christianity did in eighteen hundred years.;John Burroughs;science
Mild autism can give you a genius like Einstein. If you have severe autism, you could remain nonverbal. You don't want people to be on the severe end of the spectrum. But if you got rid of all the autism genetics, you wouldn't have science or art. All you would have is a bunch of social 'yak yaks.';Temple Grandin;science
When I look upon seamen, men of science and philosophers, man is the wisest of all beings when I look upon priests and prophets nothing is as contemptible as man.;Diogenes;science
One science only will one genius fit so vast is art, so narrow human wit.;Alexander Pope;science
The wealthy are always surrounded by hangers-on science and art are as well.;Anton Chekhov;science
'Healing,' Papa would tell me, 'is not a science, but the intuitive art of wooing nature.';W. H. Auden;science
In science one tries to tell people, in such a way as to be understood by everyone, something that no one ever knew before. But in poetry, it's the exact opposite.;Paul Dirac;science
Science is nothing, but trained and organized common sense.;Thomas Huxley;science
Books are the money of Literature, but only the counters of Science.;Thomas Huxley;science
If history and science have taught us anything, it is that passion and desire are not the same as truth.;E. O. Wilson;science
Borrowing knowledge of reality from all sources, taking the best from every study, Science of Mind brings together the highest enlightenment of the ages.;Ernest Holmes;science
Moral science is better occupied when treating of friendship than of justice.;Thomas Aquinas;science
The method of political science is the interpretation of life its instrument is insight, a nice understanding of subtle, unformulated conditions.;Woodrow Wilson;science
Logic is neither an art nor a science but a dodge.;Stendhal;science
The man of science has learned to believe in justification, not by faith, but by verification.;Thomas Huxley;science
Science has fulfilled her function when she has ascertained and enunciated truth.;Thomas Huxley;science
Science reckons many prophets, but there is not even a promise of a Messiah.;Thomas Huxley;science
Science and literature are not two things, but two sides of one thing.;Thomas Huxley;science
Ecclesiasticism in science is only unfaithfulness to truth.;Thomas Huxley;science
In science, as in art, and, as I believe, in every other sphere of human activity, there may be wisdom in a multitude of counsellors, but it is only in one or two of them.;Thomas Huxley;science
No delusion is greater than the notion that method and industry can make up for lack of mother-wit, either in science or in practical life.;Thomas Huxley;science
Education has failed in a very serious way to convey the most important lesson science can teach: skepticism.;David Suzuki;science
Science and religion are the two most powerful forces in the world. Having them at odds... is not productive.;E. O. Wilson;science
The conscience of the world is so guilty that it always assumes that people who investigate heresies must be heretics just as if a doctor who studies leprosy must be a leper. Indeed, it is only recently that science has been allowed to study anything without reproach.;Aleister Crowley;science
There are worlds of experience beyond the world of the aggressive man, beyond history, and beyond science. The moods and qualities of nature and the revelations of great art are equally difficult to define we can grasp them only in the depths of our perceptive spirit.;Ansel Adams;science
Art is science made clear.;Wilson Mizner;science
Everything is fraught with danger. I love technology and I love science. It's just always all in the way you use it. So there's no - you can't really blame anything on the technology. It's just the way people use it, and it always has been.;Steve Martin;science
There is a fifth dimension, beyond that which is known to man. It is a dimension as vast as space and as timeless as infinity. It is the middle ground between light and shadow, between science and superstition.;Rod Serling;science
Every science begins as philosophy and ends as art.;Will Durant;science
The science of the mind can only have for its proper goal the understanding of human nature by every human being, and through its use, brings peace to every human soul.;Alfred Adler;science
When science, art, literature, and philosophy are simply the manifestation of personality they are on a level where glorious and dazzling achievements are possible, which can make a man's name live for thousands of years.;Denis Diderot;science
Einstein was searching for String Theory. It not only reconciles General Relativity to Quantum Mechanics, but it reconciles Science and the Bible as well.;Roy H. Williams;science
Traditional science assumes, for the most part, that an objective observer independent reality exists the universe, stars, galaxies, sun, moon and earth would still be there if no one was looking.;Deepak Chopra;science
We must revisit the idea that science is a methodology and not an ontology.;Deepak Chopra;science
'Snow White' is an old fairy tale, so obviously the idea of vanity and obsession with youth is long-standing. With today's science, people have become crazy with trying to move their face around. It's bizarre.;Julia Roberts;science
Science gives us knowledge, but only philosophy can give us wisdom.;Will Durant;science
I don't read 'chick lit,' fantasy or science fiction but I'll give any book a chance if it's lying there and I've got half an hour to kill.;J. K. Rowling;science
The world is full of strange phenomena that cannot be explained by the laws of logic or science. Dennis Rodman is only one example.;Dave Barry;science
A powerful attraction exists, therefore, to the promotion of a study and of duties of all others engrossing the time most completely, and which is less benefited than most others by any acquaintance with science.;Charles Babbage;science
When push comes to shove, it ain't the science that's going to lift you up-it's the belief, the spiritual side of life, that's going to lift you up, no matter what religion you are.;Kirstie Alley;science
I like physics. I think it is the best science out of all three of them, because generally it's more useful. You learn about speed and velocity and time, and that's all clever stuff.;Tom Felton;science
I've lost my faith in science.;Bette Davis;science
I want to be the Cecil B. DeMille of science fiction.;Steven Spielberg;science
Art has a double face, of expression and illusion, just like science has a double face: the reality of error and the phantom of truth.;Publilius Syrus;science
Politics I conceive to be nothing more than the science of the ordered progress of society along the lines of greatest usefulness and convenience to itself.;Woodrow Wilson;science
There's been some research in cognitive science, I'm told, that discloses that there have always been perhaps 10 to 15 percent of people who are, as Pascal puts it, so made that they cannot believe. To us, when people talk about faith, it's white noise.;Christopher Hitchens;science
I had people in my life who didn't give up on me: my mother, my aunt, my science teacher. I had one-on-one speech therapy. I had a nanny who spent all day playing turn-taking games with me.;Temple Grandin;science
Advertising is fundamentally persuasion and persuasion happens to be not a science, but an art.;William Bernbach;science
Medicine is not only a science it is also an art. It does not consist of compounding pills and plasters it deals with the very processes of life, which must be understood before they may be guided.;Paracelsus;science
In science, we must be interested in things, not in persons.;Marie Curie;science
The mysteriousness and mystique of space is such, that science fiction attempts to tantalize you by telling you a story that could possibly be out there and that's the appeal of science fiction.;William Shatner;science
That's the whole problem with science. You've got a bunch of empiricists trying to describe things of unimaginable wonder.;Bill Watterson;science
Medical science has proven time and again that when the resources are provided, great progress in the treatment, cure, and prevention of disease can occur.;Michael J. Fox;science
All one's inventions are true, you can be sure of that. Poetry is as exact a science as geometry.;Gustave Flaubert;science
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.;Henri Poincare;science
Man is unique not because he does science, and his is unique not because he does art, but because science and art equally are expressions of his marvelous plasticity of mind.;Jacob Bronowski;science
Ayurveda is a sister philosophy to yoga. It is the science of life or longevity and it teaches about the power and the cycles of nature, as well as the elements.;Christy Turlington;science
Modern bodybuilding is ritual, religion, sport, art, and science, awash in Western chemistry and mathematics. Defying nature, it surpasses it.;Camille Paglia;science
Art and science have their meeting point in method.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;science
In science, read, by preference, the newest works in literature, the oldest. The classic literature is always modern.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;science
It cannot be said often enough that science fiction as a genre is incredibly educational - and I'm speaking the written science fiction, not 'Star Trek.' Science fiction writers tend to fill their books if they're clever with little bits of interesting stuff and real stuff.;Terry Pratchett;science
I have seen the science I worshiped, and the aircraft I loved, destroying the civilization I expected them to serve.;Charles Lindbergh;science
The major obstacle to a religious renewal is the intellectual classes, who are highly influential and tend to view religion as primitive superstition. They believe that science has left atheism as the only respectable intellectual stance.;Robert Bork;science
There is science, logic, reason there is thought verified by experience. And then there is California.;Edward Abbey;science
Medicine is a science of uncertainty and an art of probability.;William Osler;science
We have not given science too big a place in our education, but we have made a perilous mistake in giving it too great a preponderance in method in every other branch of study.;Woodrow Wilson;science
I wasn't with Joseph, but I believe him. My faith did not come to me through science, and I will not permit so-called science to destroy it.;Thomas S. Monson;science
The most watched programme on the BBC, after the news, is probably 'Doctor Who.' What has happened is that science fiction has been subsumed into modern literature. There are grandparents out there who speak Klingon, who are quite capable of holding down a job. No one would think twice now about a parallel universe.;Terry Pratchett;science
Physics does not change the nature of the world it studies, and no science of behavior can change the essential nature of man, even though both sciences yield technologies with a vast power to manipulate the subject matters.;Pope Paul VI;science
