If history is a guide, a victory for Obama means he faces the prospect of a second term dogged by scandal or inertia.;Ron Fournier;history
Part of the problem is voters know relatively little about Romney. And some of what they know about him complicates his task: Romney has a history of flip-flopping on issues, he's extraordinarily wealthy, and he can be tone-deaf about what moves voters. He just doesn't seem comfortable in his skin.;Ron Fournier;history
I normally ignore the History Channel.;Diablo Cody;history
Life moves fast. As much as you can learn from your history, you have to move forward.;Eddie Vedder;history
History and experience tell us that moral progress comes not in comfortable and complacent times, but out of trial and confusion.;Gerald R. Ford;history
The institution of chivalry forms one of the most remarkable features in the history of the Middle Ages.;Horatio Alger;history
Science cannot tell theology how to construct a doctrine of creation, but you can't construct a doctrine of creation without taking account of the age of the universe and the evolutionary character of cosmic history.;John Polkinghorne;history
It is sometimes very hard to tell the difference between history and the smell of skunk.;Rebecca West;history
When you think of how history is revealed, we know certain things to be facts at certain periods of time, which turn out not to be so factual as time marches on.;John Malkovich;history
Texas was such a welcoming place, and with its unbelievable history and tradition, it's extra special to be a part of that.;Ricky Williams;history
Over the objections, where they sound like squealing pigs, over the objections of Romney and all his allies, we passed some of the toughest Wall Street regulations in history, turning Wall Street back into the allocator of capital it always has been and no longer a casino. And they want to repeal it.;Joe Biden;history
There's a lot of revisionist history that goes on these days about Iraq.;Joe Biden;history
I graduated from the University of Delaware with a double major in history and political science.;Joe Biden;history
The truth is, of course, that history is not completed in modern commerce any more than philosophy is perfected in political economy. In other words, there is nothing timeless or God-given about filling stations and penicillin and plastic bags.;James Buchan;history
I'm inspired by history, different periods.;Adam Lambert;history
I like animals. I like natural history. The travel bit is not the important bit. The travel bit is what you have to do in order to go and look at animals.;David Attenborough;history
In the old days... it was a basic, cardinal fact that producers didn't have opinions. When I was producing natural history programmes, I didn't use them as vehicles for my own opinion. They were factual programmes.;David Attenborough;history
You can only get really unpopular decisions through if the electorate is convinced of the value of the environment. That's what natural history programmes should be for.;David Attenborough;history
Cameramen are among the most extraordinarily able and competent people I know. They have to have an insight into natural history that gives them a sixth sense of what the creature is going to do, so they can be ready to follow.;David Attenborough;history
The process of making natural history films is to try to prevent the animal knowing you are there, so you get glimpses of a non-human world, and that is a transporting thing.;David Attenborough;history
Natural history is not about producing fables.;David Attenborough;history
If I were beginning my career today, I don't think I would take the same direction. Television is at a crossroads at the moment. And although I am not up to date technologically, I suspect that somewhere out there people are conveying things about natural history by means other than television, and I think if I were beginning today, I'd be there.;David Attenborough;history
He who puts out his hand to stop the wheel of history will have his fingers crushed.;Lech Walesa;history
There aren't just bad people that commit genocide we are all capable of it. It's our evolutionary history.;James Lovelock;history
Whatever can be noted historically can be found within history.;Martin Heidegger;history
History, sociology, economics, psychology et al. confirmed Joyce's view of Everyman as victim.;Robert Anton Wilson;history
Horror is the natural reaction to the last 5,000 years of history.;Robert Anton Wilson;history
If you take a look at history, you will find that the understanding of what is good and evil has always existed before the individual religions. The religions were only invented by people afterwards, in order to express this idea.;Salman Rushdie;history
Uncertainty and fear and ignorance about immigrants, about people who are different, has a history as old as our Nation.;Luis Gutierrez;history
You don't hate history, you hate the way it was taught to you in high school.;Stephen Ambrose;history
Since the dawn of time, traditional marriage - the union between one man and one woman - has been the building block of civilization, and at no point in our nation's history has that foundation been under more severe attack than now.;Jim DeMint;history
Culinary tradition is not always based on fact. Sometimes it's based on history, on habits that come out of a time when kitchens were fueled by charcoal.;Alton Brown;history
I don't think that there's been one example in history where somebody has openly talked about their personal life and it's done them any good.;Rashida Jones;history
Governments that use violence to stop democratic development will not earn themselves respite forever. They will pay an increasingly high price for actions which they can no longer hide from the world with ease, and will find themselves on the wrong side of history.;William Hague;history
Well, the first thing is that truth and power for me form an antithesis, an antagonism, which will hardly ever be resolved. I can define in fact, can simplify the history of human society, the evolution of human society, as a contest between power and freedom.;Wole Soyinka;history
For all of higher civilization's recorded history, becoming a man was defined overwhelmingly as taking responsibility for a family.;Dennis Prager;history
I was determined to achieve the total freedom that our history lessons taught us we were entitled to, no matter what the sacrifice.;Rosabeth Moss Kanter;history
After Nixon resigned in 1974, he engaged in a very aggressive war with history, attempting to wipe out the Watergate stain and memory. Happily, history won, largely because of Nixon's tapes.;Bob Woodward;history
Let me tell you, never before in the history of this planet has anybody made the progress that African-Americans have made in a 30-year period, in spite of many black folks and white folks lying to one another.;Dick Gregory;history
Hip-hop's always reached out to kids. If you look at the last 10 big albums it might seem ironic. But when I look at the history of this music it's always had a lot of positivity.;LL Cool J;history
Western history has been a history of deed done, actions performed and results achieved.;Arthur Erickson;history
What is the thread of western civilization that distinguished its course in history? It has to do with the preoccupation of western man with his outward command and his sense of superiority.;Arthur Erickson;history
I'm trying to make a case for those people who don't have a sense of belonging that they should have, that there is something really worthwhile in having a sense of belonging, and recasting and looking at our modern history.;Billy Bragg;history
For at the same time many people seem eager to extend the circle of our moral consideration to animals, in our factory farms and laboratories we are inflicting more suffering on more animals than at any time in history.;Michael Pollan;history
I think it was my study of history that convinced me that the Democratic Party was more on the side of the average American.;George McGovern;history
The upward course of a nation's history is due in the long run to the soundness of heart of its average men and women.;Queen Elizabeth II;history
There's always a part of your nation's history that you haven't been told that... has a powerful impact on how you yourself may behave and may believe.;Barbara Kingsolver;history
The middle class, one of the great achievements in history, is becoming more of a relic than a reality.;Jon Meacham;history
Part of what I loved - and love - about being around older people is the tangible sense of history they embody. I'm interested in military history, for instance, because both my grandfathers fought in World War II. I'm interested in writing because one of those grandfathers wrote books.;Jon Meacham;history
From Jefferson to Jackson to Lincoln to FDR to Reagan, every great president inspires enormous affection and enormous hostility. We'll all be much saner, I think, if we remember that history is full of surprises and things that seemed absolutely certain one day are often unimaginable the next.;Jon Meacham;history
Given that religious faith is an intrinsic element of human experience, it is best to approach and engage the subject with a sense of history and a critical sensibility.;Jon Meacham;history
World War II ended the Great Depression with one of the great public-private industrial collaborations in the history of man.;Jon Meacham;history
The fact is that America has been at her most prosperous when government and the private sector have been not at war, but in a wary, if often underplayed, alliance. History is unmistakable on this point.;Jon Meacham;history
With the perspective afforded by the passage of time, where does 9/11 rank as a turning point in our national history? For the victims and their families, innocents going about their lives, suddenly and brutally murdered, no other day can ever matter as much.;Jon Meacham;history
I believe history will come to view 9/11 as an event on par with November 22, 1963, the date on which John F. Kennedy was murdered, cutting short a presidency that was growing ever more promising. Dreams died that day in Dallas it is easy to imagine the 1960s turning out rather differently had President Kennedy lived.;Jon Meacham;history
Religious belief, like history itself, is a story that is always unfolding, always subject to inquiry and ripe for questioning. For without doubt there is no faith.;Jon Meacham;history
History tells us that America does best when the private sector is energetic and entrepreneurial and the government is attentive and engaged. Who among us, really, would, looking back, wish to edit out either sphere at the entire expense of the other?;Jon Meacham;history
The past always seems somehow more golden, more serious, than the present. We tend to forget the partisanship of yesteryear, preferring to re-imagine our history as a sure and steady march toward greatness.;Jon Meacham;history
In retrospect, the Millennium marked only a moment in time. It was the events of September 11 that marked a turning point in history, where we confront the dangers of the future and assess the choices facing humankind.;Tony Blair;history
The best history is but like the art of Rembrandt it casts a vivid light on certain selected causes, on those which were best and greatest it leaves all the rest in shadow and unseen.;Walter Bagehot;history
It's not the sentiments of men which make history but their actions.;Norman Mailer;history
We need a better way to talk about eating animals, a way that doesn't ignore or even just shruggingly accept things like habits, cravings, family and history but rather incorporates them into the conversation. The more they are allowed in, the more able we will be to follow our best instincts.;Jonathan Safran Foer;history
Jews have a special relationship to books, and the Haggadah has been translated more widely, and reprinted more often, than any other Jewish book. It is not a work of history or philosophy, not a prayer book, user's manual, timeline, poem or palimpsest - and yet it is all these things.;Jonathan Safran Foer;history
There is at least one point in the history of any company when you have to change dramatically to rise to the next level of performance. Miss that moment - and you start to decline.;Andy Grove;history
We also have to make sure our children know the history of women. Tell them the rotten truth: It wasn't always possible for women to become doctors or managers or insurance people. Let them be armed with a true picture of the way we want it to be.;Anne Roiphe;history
I just think it would be unrealistic to suggest we're going to eliminate every last domestic insurgent in Afghanistan. Certainly, the history of the country would indicate that's not a very realistic objective, and I think we have to have realistic objectives.;Stephen Harper;history
Violence is a part of America. I don't want to single out rap music. Let's be honest. America's the most violent country in the history of the world, that's just the way it is. We're all affected by it.;Spike Lee;history
As a state we are so uniquely positioned in so many ways. Our geography, our placement in the country, and our history positions us to be the state that propels energy efficiency as an industry.;Jennifer Granholm;history
The library is the temple of learning, and learning has liberated more people than all the wars in history.;Carl T. Rowan;history
If America wants to retain its position as a global power, its president must listen to the people and show strong leadership at this turning point in human history.;David Suzuki;history
The subject matter is very tricky. It's about the Munich massacre and what Mossad did afterwards with the assassination squads. I think it's a turning point in history, especially for the Palestinians.;Daniel Craig;history
It's a huge challenge, a huge responsibility. Bond is a huge iconic figure in movie history. These opportunities don't come along very often so I thought, 'Why not?';Daniel Craig;history
But let me tell you, this gender thing is history. You're looking at a guy who sat down with Margaret Thatcher across the table and talked about serious issues.;George H. W. Bush;history
History will point out some of the things I did wrong and some of the things I did right.;George H. W. Bush;history
I have written too much history to have faith in it and if anyone thinks I'm wrong, I am inclined to agree with him.;Henry Adams;history
Permanent superiority has never been realized by any nation in history. After the rise comes the fall.;Paul Harris;history
OUR history begins before we are born. We represent the hereditary influences of our race, and our ancestors virtually live in us.;James Nasmyth;history
I did not come to NASA to make history.;Sally Ride;history
The history of Christianity, therefore, must be of concern to all who are interested in the record of man and particularly to all who seek to understand the contemporary human scene.;Kenneth Scott Latourette;history
The year 2008 was a reminder to those who had forgotten that there is such a thing as history and that the cycle of famine and feast in commerce, first identified in antiquity and well understood in the Middle Ages, was not suddenly abolished in modern times.;James Buchan;history
If good history is dispassionate history, it must naturally wait until the passions of the period subside.;James Buchan;history
One of the consequences of the Iranian revolution has been an explosion of history. A country once known only from British consular reports and intrepid travelogues is now awash with historical documents, letters, diaries, grainy video, weblogs and secret police files of questionable authenticity.;James Buchan;history
Bulls don't read. Bears read financial history. As markets fall to bits, the bears dust off the Dutch tulip mania of 1637, the Banque Royale of 1719-20, the railway speculation of the 1840s, the great crash of 1929.;James Buchan;history
Cause and effect, the riddle of all history, is a particular devil in financial history and never more so than today, where entire classes of security are collapsing not on public exchanges and stock-tickers but because there are no markets to establish prices this side of nothing.;James Buchan;history
Nowhere else in history has there ever been a flag that stands for the right to burn itself. This is the fractal of our flag. It stands for the right to destroy itself.;Ken Kesey;history
Humanity has experienced many revolutionary changes over the course of history: revolutions in agriculture, in science, industrial production, as well as numerous political revolutions. But these have all been limited to the external aspects of our individual and collective lives.;Daisaku Ikeda;history
We are not merely passive pawns of historical forces nor are we victims of the past. We can shape and direct history.;Daisaku Ikeda;history
It takes a great deal of history to produce a little literature.;Henry James;history
A day spent praising the earth and lamenting man's pollutionist history makes you feel like a superior, sensitive soul.;Russell Baker;history
For the first time in our history, ideology and theology hold a monopoly of power in Washington.;Bill Moyers;history
There is little evidence that our individual intelligence has improved through recorded history.;James Lovelock;history
Anything in history or nature that can be described as changing steadily can be seen as heading toward catastrophe.;Susan Sontag;history
I thought I had to make an impact on history. I had to become the greatest choreographer of my time. That was my mission. Posterity deals with us however it sees fit. But I gave it 20 years of my best shot.;Twyla Tharp;history
Great writing can be done in biography, history, art.;V. S. Naipaul;history
To be converted you have to destroy your past, destroy your history. You have to stamp on it, you have to say 'my ancestral culture does not exist, it doesn't matter.';V. S. Naipaul;history
This empire, unlike any other in the history of the world, has been built primarily through economic manipulation, through cheating, through fraud, through seducing people into our way of life, through the economic hit men. I was very much a part of that.;John Perkins;history
In this world without quiet corners, there can be no easy escapes from history, from hullabaloo, from terrible, unquiet fuss.;Salman Rushdie;history
There is a widespread difficulty in the Muslim world, which has to do with how the people are taught about examining their own history. A whole range of stuff has been placed off limits.;Salman Rushdie;history
Classes struggle, some classes triumph, others are eliminated. Such is history such is the history of civilization for thousands of years.;Mao Zedong;history
