Man is wise and constantly in quest of more wisdom but the ultimate wisdom, which deals with beginnings, remains locked in a seed. There it lies, the simplest fact of the universe and at the same time the one which calls forth faith rather than reason.;Hal Borland;faith
The age of innocent faith in science and technology may be over.;Barry Commoner;faith
And as the Divine that goes forth from the Lord is the good of love and the truth of faith, the angels are angels and are heaven in the measure in which they receive good and truth from the Lord.;Emanuel Swedenborg;faith
To believe only possibilities is not faith, but mere philosophy.;Thomas Browne;faith
As reason is a rebel to faith, so passion is a rebel to reason.;Thomas Browne;faith
The faith I was born into formed me.;Huston Smith;faith
I've spent the last 50 years or so steeping myself in the world's religions, and I've done my homework. I've gone to each of the world's eight great religions and sought out the most profound scholars I could find, and I've apprenticed myself to them and actually practiced each faith.;Huston Smith;faith
Faith is an act of rational choice, which determines us to act as if certain things were true, and in the confident expectation that they will prove to be true.;Dean Inge;faith
Through history, people look for something spiritual. The greatest scientists in the world were men of religion and faith, too.;Kirstie Alley;faith
But how odd that in this heathen nation of empty pews, where churches' bare, ruined choirs are converted into luxury loft living, a Labour government - yes, a Labour government - is deliberately creating a huge expansion of faith schools.;Polly Toynbee;faith
But instead of standing up for reason, our government is handing education over to the world of faith.;Polly Toynbee;faith
So many of my friends are still trying to get record deals, and I've had one for 10 years now, where my only goal is to make the best music I can make. I've been very lucky. I have great faith that I'm exactly where I'm supposed to be, and whatever happens is going to be absolutely right for me.;Jane Siberry;faith
Have faith in your own thoughts.;Brooke Shields;faith
Don't be confused that my interest in religion, faith, and spirituality is driven by any sense of faith or spirituality of my own.;Peter Jennings;faith
I am sensitive to the value of faith and religion and spirituality in people's lives because I'm a journalist.;Peter Jennings;faith
I still have all the faith and love for my music and yet I'm still playing places for kids.;Juliana Hatfield;faith
These are strange times. Reason, which once combatted faith and seemed to have conquered it, now has to look to faith to save it from dissolution.;Johan Huizinga;faith
The attributes for entrepreneurs cut both ways. You need the ability to ignore inconvenient facts and see the world as it should be and not as it is. This inspires people to take huge leaps of faith. But this blindness to facts can be a liability, too. The characteristics that help entrepreneurs succeed can also lead to their failure.;Eric Ries;faith
My mother's family were full-on Irish Catholics - faith in an elaborate old fashioned, highly conservative and madly baroque style. I sort of fell out of the tribe over women's rights and social justice issues when I was just 13 years old.;Geraldine Brooks;faith
I did not compose my work as one might put on a church vestment... rather it sprung from the truly fervent faith of my heart, such as I have felt it since my childhood.;Franz Liszt;faith
Each of us has an inner dream that we can unfold if we will just have the courage to admit what it is. And the faith to trust our own admission. The admitting is often very difficult.;Julia Cameron;faith
Creativity is always a leap of faith. You're faced with a blank page, blank easel, or an empty stage.;Julia Cameron;faith
I haven't lost faith in human nature and I haven't decided to be less compassionate to strangers.;Armistead Maupin;faith
Let's say black, the whole black religious experience, here, is very impressive to me, because when I first arrived I realized that people carry their faith with so much pride.;Boris Kodjoe;faith
I love the fact that we, as black people, carry our faith with us. We share it and embrace it and love it and talk about it because we talk about everything else and why not that and that was the first impression that I had that really touched me.;Boris Kodjoe;faith
It comes with faith, for with complete faith there is no fear of what faces you in life or death.;Jacqueline Cochran;faith
As a small business owner for the last 15 years, when I think of what truly changed my life, it was my faith, a strong family, my mom did a really, really good job of encouraging me in very clear and discernible ways.;Tim Scott;faith
We can reach our potential, but to do so, we must reach within ourselves. We must summon the strength, the will, and the faith to move forward - to be bold - to invest in our future.;John Hoeven;faith
You can't be afraid to put out a fire if you're a fireman. You can't be afraid to be a police officer and carry a gun if you're afraid to get up and go out there. So you've got to put that fear to the side and go out in faith to overcome that.;Duane Chapman;faith
When the truth is that there would be no great Western music, and certainly no decent choral repertoire, without the Catholic faith.;Richard Morris;faith
I was brought up the Mexican way, where actors are paid very little and every part you take is an act of faith. If people respect that, then great.;Gael Garcia Bernal;faith
Seeds of faith are always within us sometimes it takes a crisis to nourish and encourage their growth.;Susan Taylor;faith
Ours is a country built more on people than on territory. The Jews will come from everywhere: from France, from Russia, from America, from Yemen... Their faith is their passport.;David Ben-Gurion;faith
Most atheists bristle at the thought that atheism has anything to do with faith, but not Penn Jillette.;Ray Comfort;faith
If I want to understand the laws of physics I have to first believe what I read about physics. I have to have faith in what I read.;Ray Comfort;faith
Evolution is unobservable. It's based on blind faith in a few dry bones and on unreliable dating systems in which the gullible trust. Kids should be allowed to make up their own minds about this issue, and not be censored to 'one side is all we will let you hear.';Ray Comfort;faith
Christians must share their faith in obedience to the Great Commission, because we are only seeing the fruit of sin this side of death.;Ray Comfort;faith
Faith is the first step to understanding. Either it's the Word of an infallible God, the fallible words of men, or faith in what you personally believe. You've got to have faith in something. Believe me.;Ray Comfort;faith
Men who accomplish great things in the industrial world are the ones who have faith in the money producing power of ideas.;Charles Fillmore;faith
Faith is the black person's federal reserve system.;Hattie McDaniel;faith
It helps, I think, to consider ourselves on a very long journey: the main thing is to keep to the faith, to endure, to help each other when we stumble or tire, to weep and press on.;Mary Richards;faith
I believe that the Framers of the Constitution made their intent clear when they wrote the First Amendment. I believe they wanted to keep the new government from endorsing one religion over another, not erase the public consciousness or common faith.;Nick Rahall;faith
I'm on the board of a national group called Faith in America. It's designed to fight religious-based bigotry.;James McGreevey;faith
No relief was forthcoming from my then-Catholic faith, which said the practice of homosexuality was a 'mortal sin' subject to damnation.;James McGreevey;faith
The United States have fulfilled in good faith all their treaty stipulations with the Indian tribes, and have in every other instance insisted upon a like performance of their obligations.;Martin Van Buren;faith
Men of Virginia, countrymen of Washington, of Patrick Henry, of Jefferson, and of Madison, will ye be true to your constitutional faith?;Caleb Cushing;faith
Human societies, like human beings, live by faith and die when faith dies.;Whittaker Chambers;faith
If solace is any sort of succor to someone, that is sufficient. I believe in the faith of people, whatever faith they may have.;Studs Terkel;faith
Anyone who really studies Catholicism deeply is aware of the mystical nature of our faith. Even references to Christ's mystical body has connections to that principle.;Dennis Kucinich;faith
We're telling a story. And the demands of that are different from the demands of a documentary. The audience must believe in order to keep faith in the story.;Bradley Whitford;faith
Ultimately it's a leap of faith and a leap of imagination to put yourself back in time into those conditions and situations and see how you would react.;Derek Jacobi;faith
God does say He will graciously entertain our prayers. He says that if we exercise faith, and if our request is in accordance with His will, He will hear us.;Walter Martin;faith
Comics don't work if the story is all in the text and the images are illustrative. It's hard to have enough faith in the artists to allow them to do their job.;Denise Mina;faith
You often feel that your prayers scarcely reach the ceiling but, oh, get into this humble spirit by considering how good the Lord is, and how evil you all are, and then prayer will mount on wings of faith to heaven.;Charles Simeon;faith
My faith has been the driving thing of my life. I think it is important that people who are perceived as liberals not be afraid of talking about moral and community values.;Marian Wright Edelman;faith
I try to act out of faith.;Marian Wright Edelman;faith
I grew up in a very religious family and it is the motivating force to every thing I do. I am fortunate to have had adults all around me who really lived their faith, in helping other people and doing the best you can do.;Marian Wright Edelman;faith
We receive by faith and we keep it by faith.;Benny Hinn;faith
Science, we are repeatedly told, is the most reliable form of knowledge about the world because it is based on testable hypotheses. Religion, by contrast, is based on faith. The term 'doubting Thomas' well illustrates the difference.;Paul Davies;faith
We will never fully explain the world by appealing to something outside it that must simply be accepted on faith, be it an unexplained God or an unexplained set of mathematical laws.;Paul Davies;faith
There are a lot of Christian fundamentalists there are a lot of Muslim extremists. Every religion - Mormonism - has something way on the side that's completely using the religion as some weird backbone for their twisted faith. It has nothing to do with their religion.;Patrick Wilson;faith
Man doesn't dictate what you do or how you do it. If you believe in God, believe in God have your faith in him. That's where my faith lies.;Ray Lewis;faith
I love Canada. It's a wonderful political act of faith that exists atop a breathtakingly beautiful land.;Yann Martel;faith
Fanatics do not have faith - they have belief. With faith you let go. You trust. Whereas with belief you cling.;Yann Martel;faith
In the last analysis, of course, an oath will encourage fidelity in office only to the degree that officeholders continue to believe that they cannot escape ultimate accountability for a breach of faith.;James L. Buckley;faith
When the principles that run against your deepest convictions begin to win the day, then the battle is your calling, and peace has become sin. You must at the price of dearest peace lay your convictions bare before friend and enemy with all the fire of your faith.;Abraham Kuyper;faith
Great feelings will often take the aspect of error, and great faith the aspect of illusion.;Robert Burton;faith
Sectarian divide has created a schism in our society that is a major challenge. As monarch of all Bahrainis, it pains me to see many harmed by the actions of a few. And yet I am optimistic and have faith in our people. We all realize that now is the time to strike a balance between stability and gradual reform.;Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa;faith
Of course, bad marriages are so pervasive that they have invaded the faith community too.;Jerry B. Jenkins;faith
I want people to just to see, all you got to do is have a little faith.;Fantasia Barrino;faith
I heard my name associated with the Peter Pan syndrome more than once. But really, what's so wrong with Peter Pan? Peter Pan flies. He is a metaphor for dreams and faith.;Mark Burnett;faith
Hollywood is a suction for your confidence or your faith or your togetherness. Just walking on the street you can feel it.;Robin Wright Penn;faith
I think Hispanic community - the values that resonate in our community are fundamentally conservative. They are faith, family and patriotism. Do you know the rate of military enlistment among Hispanics is higher than any demographic in this country? And they are also hard work and responsibility.;Ted Cruz;faith
I'll tell you, in my life I've never once have seen a Hispanic panhandler, because in our community, it would be viewed as shameful to be out on the street begging. Those are all conservative values - faith, family, hard work, responsibility.;Ted Cruz;faith
To be sure, the response of faith to revelation, which God grants to the creature he chooses and moves with his love, occurs in such a way that it is truly the creature that provides the response, with its own nature and its natural powers of love.;Hans Urs von Balthasar;faith
Whoever removes the Cross and its interpretation by the New Testament from the center, in order to replace it, for example, with the social commitment of Jesus to the oppressed as a new center, no longer stands in continuity with the apostolic faith.;Hans Urs von Balthasar;faith
Downtown, one has less time. But there are in Europe much people who have the faith, in South America, too.;Yannick Noah;faith
And so, today, if the state can no longer appeal to the old moral principles that belong to the Christian tradition, it will be forced to create a new official faith and new moral principles which will be binding on its citizens.;Christopher Dawson;faith
I have faith in the jury system.;Nancy Grace;faith
I can't really put it in one sentence because although on one hand Preacher is about faith and yes it is also about, I suppose, the search for God, the search for faith and the manipulation and the abuse committed by figures in whom I suppose people have faith.;Garth Ennis;faith
There are a lot of things I can take, and a few that I can't. What I can't take is when my older brother, who's everything that I want to be, starts losing faith in things. I saw that look in your eyes last night. I don't ever want to see that look in your eyes again.;M. Night Shyamalan;faith
At the time I perceived most religious men, particularly the pastors with all their talk about love, faith and relationship, as effeminate.;Luke Ford;faith
I have learned that track doesn't define me. My faith defines me. I'm running because I have been blessed with a gift.;Allyson Felix;faith
You have got to believe in yourself every time you go out there and race. If you have no faith in your ability all that training has been a waste of time.;Maurice Greene;faith
Therefore, the church is not absolutely necessary as an object of faith, not even for us today, for then Abraham and the other prophets would not have given assent to those things which were revealed to them from God without any intervening help of the church.;William Ames;faith
There are divers men who make a great show of loyalty, and pretend to such discretion in the hidden things they hear, that at the end folk come to put faith in them.;Marie de France;faith
I walked along that slippery slope where if you fail through lack of faith, you sell your soul to the devil.;Michelle Shocked;faith
No one else in our family was a professional musician so this took an enormous leap of faith on their part.;Tony Visconti;faith
It is from the traditional family that we absorb those universal ideals and principles which are the teaching of Jesus, the bedrock of our religious faith. We are taught the difference between right and wrong, and about the law, just punishment and discipline.;Kamisese Mara;faith
Buddhism has a very beautiful teaching that says the worst thing you can do to your soul is to tell someone their faith is wrong.;Ricky Martin;faith
My faith always has been and always will be important to me.;Aretha Franklin;faith
As the most extravagant errors were received among the established articles of their faith, so the most infamous vices obtained in their practice, and were indulged not only with impunity, but authorized by the sanction of their laws.;David Brainerd;faith
I accept people for who they are and love them. That doesn't mean I have to agree or that I have to turn my back on the tenets of my faith and reject the tenets of my faith when it comes to homosexuality.;Ed Gillespie;faith
For more than three thousand years men have quarreled concerning the formulas of their faith.;Felix Adler;faith
Ethical religion can be real only to those who are engaged in ceaseless efforts at moral improvement. By moving upward we acquire faith in an upward movement, without limit.;Felix Adler;faith
I was never the ingenue, so hopefully that'll make it easier to age and still work. I know a lot of actors who are really dissatisfied with where they're at even though some of them are huge stars and I feel like, 'Oh, my God, you're at the top.' Something interesting will come. It always does. I have faith.;Hope Davis;faith
We had great faith that with patience, understanding, and education, that my family and I could be helpful in changing their minds and attitudes around.;Ryan White;faith
Ann Romney makes all women proud by the way she has conducted her life as a strong woman of faith, as a mother, as a wife and as a true patriot.;Nikki Haley;faith
I don't really go down one path. I wouldn't call myself a Buddhist, or a Catholic or a Christian or a Muslim, or Jewish. I couldn't put myself into any organized faith.;Dean Cain;faith
