You need imagination in order to imagine a future that doesn't exist.;Azar Nafisi;imagination
The most imaginative people are the most credulous, for them everything is possible.;Alexander Chase;imagination
There are no shortcuts in life - only those we imagine.;Frank Leahy;imagination
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.;Albert Einstein;imagination
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.;Albert Einstein;imagination
Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything.;Plato;imagination
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination.;Albert Einstein;imagination
To raise new questions, new possibilities, to regard old problems from a new angle, requires creative imagination and marks real advance in science.;Albert Einstein;imagination
All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry.;Edgar Allan Poe;imagination
The moment a person forms a theory, his imagination sees in every object only the traits which favor that theory.;Thomas Jefferson;imagination
Reason is the natural order of truth but imagination is the organ of meaning.;C. S. Lewis;imagination
This world is but a canvas to our imagination.;Henry David Thoreau;imagination
Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he is not a sense of humor to console him for what he is.;Francis Bacon;imagination
The imagination imitates. It is the critical spirit that creates.;Oscar Wilde;imagination
There are no great limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination, and wonder.;Ronald Reagan;imagination
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.;Robert Fulghum;imagination
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.;H. L. Mencken;imagination
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.;John Lennon;imagination
All the breaks you need in life wait within your imagination, Imagination is the workshop of your mind, capable of turning mind energy into accomplishment and wealth.;Napoleon Hill;imagination
Intelligence is the wife, imagination is the mistress, memory is the servant.;Victor Hugo;imagination
Science does not know its debt to imagination.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;imagination
Every human has four endowments- self awareness, conscience, independent will and creative imagination. These give us the ultimate human freedom... The power to choose, to respond, to change.;Stephen Covey;imagination
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination.;Voltaire;imagination
First comes thought then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you will observe, is in your imagination.;Napoleon Hill;imagination
It is usually the imagination that is wounded first, rather than the heart it being much more sensitive.;Henry David Thoreau;imagination
Generally speaking, a howling wilderness does not howl: it is the imagination of the traveler that does the howling.;Henry David Thoreau;imagination
Imagination is the beginning of creation. You imagine what you desire, you will what you imagine and at last you create what you will.;George Bernard Shaw;imagination
There are lots of people who mistake their imagination for their memory.;Josh Billings;imagination
Formulate and stamp indelibly on your mind a mental picture of yourself as succeeding. Hold this picture tenaciously. Never permit it to fade. Your mind will seek to develop the picture... Do not build up obstacles in your imagination.;Norman Vincent Peale;imagination
We are more often frightened than hurt and we suffer more from imagination than from reality.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;imagination
Imagination is the key to my lyrics. The rest is painted with a little science fiction.;Jimi Hendrix;imagination
And by the way, everything in life is writable about if you have the outgoing guts to do it, and the imagination to improvise. The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt.;Sylvia Plath;imagination
Disneyland will never be completed. It will continue to grow as long as there is imagination left in the world.;Walt Disney;imagination
A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning.;Brad Henry;imagination
The man who will use his skill and constructive imagination to see how much he can give for a dollar, instead of how little he can give for a dollar, is bound to succeed.;Henry Ford;imagination
We are so obsessed with doing that we have no time and no imagination left for being. As a result, men are valued not for what they are but for what they do or what they have - for their usefulness.;Thomas Merton;imagination
The reason we have poverty is that we have no imagination. There are a great many people accumulating what they think is vast wealth, but it's only money... they don't know how to enjoy it, because they have no imagination.;Alan Watts;imagination
The tree which moves some to tears of joy is in the eyes of others only a green thing that stands in the way. Some see nature all ridicule and deformity... and some scarce see nature at all. But to the eyes of the man of imagination, nature is imagination itself.;William Blake;imagination
There are many ways to be free. One of them is to transcend reality by imagination, as I try to do.;Anais Nin;imagination
Few people have the imagination for reality.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;imagination
Why does the eye see a thing more clearly in dreams than the imagination when awake?;Leonardo da Vinci;imagination
We cast away priceless time in dreams, born of imagination, fed upon illusion, and put to death by reality.;Judy Garland;imagination
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.;Tony Robbins;imagination
Cowardice... is almost always simply a lack of ability to suspend functioning of the imagination.;Ernest Hemingway;imagination
The nose of a mob is its imagination. By this, at any time, it can be quietly led.;Edgar Allan Poe;imagination
Imagination is the true magic carpet.;Norman Vincent Peale;imagination
Falling in love consists merely in uncorking the imagination and bottling the common sense.;Helen Rowland;imagination
We are the miracle of force and matter making itself over into imagination and will. Incredible. The Life Force experimenting with forms. You for one. Me for another. The Universe has shouted itself alive. We are one of the shouts.;Ray Bradbury;imagination
Nothing is more fearful than imagination without taste.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;imagination
My main point here is that if you are the child of God and God is a part of you, the in your imagination God suppose to look like you. And when you accept a picture of the deity assigned to you by another people, you become the spiritual prisoners of that other people.;John Henrik Clarke;imagination
All the works of man have their origin in creative fantasy. What right have we then to depreciate imagination.;Carl Jung;imagination
Aptitude found in the understanding and is often inherited. Genius coming from reason and imagination, rarely.;Marcus Aurelius;imagination
America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.;Harry S. Truman;imagination
The power of imagination makes us infinite.;John Muir;imagination
Life is only a dream and we are the imagination of ourselves.;Bill Hicks;imagination
Faith is spiritualized imagination.;Henry Ward Beecher;imagination
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.;Gloria Steinem;imagination
The soul without imagination is what an observatory would be without a telescope.;Henry Ward Beecher;imagination
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.;Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart;imagination
Do not quench your inspiration and your imagination do not become the slave of your model.;Vincent Van Gogh;imagination
I am certain of nothing but the holiness of the heart's affections, and the truth of imagination.;John Keats;imagination
Happiness is ideal, it is the work of the imagination.;Marquis de Sade;imagination
The human race is governed by its imagination.;Napoleon Bonaparte;imagination
Imagination is the real and eternal world of which this vegetable universe is but a faint shadow.;William Blake;imagination
A lady's imagination is very rapid it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.;Jane Austen;imagination
Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.;Carl Jung;imagination
Imagination disposes of everything it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.;Blaise Pascal;imagination
Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he isn't. A sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is.;Horace Walpole;imagination
The use of travelling is to regulate imagination by reality, and instead of thinking how things may be, to see them as they are.;Samuel Johnson;imagination
The debt we owe to the play of imagination is incalculable.;Carl Jung;imagination
Imagination is a poor matter when it has to part company with understanding.;Thomas Carlyle;imagination
Liberty: One of Imagination's most precious possessions.;Ambrose Bierce;imagination
Knowledge is a polite word for dead but not buried imagination.;e. e. cummings;imagination
My view is that at a younger age your optimism is more and you have more imagination etc. You have less bias.;Abdul Kalam;imagination
Imagination is not only the uniquely human capacity to envision that which is not, and therefore the fount of all invention and innovation. In its arguably most transformative and revelatory capacity, it is the power to that enables us to empathize with humans whose experiences we have never shared.;J. K. Rowling;imagination
Our thoughts and imagination are the only real limits to our possibilities.;Orison Swett Marden;imagination
A certificate of live birth is not the same thing by any stretch of the imagination as a birth certificate.;Donald Trump;imagination
For me, insanity is super sanity. The normal is psychotic. Normal means lack of imagination, lack of creativity.;Jean Dubuffet;imagination
Imagination is the eye of the soul.;Joseph Joubert;imagination
Imagination decides everything.;Blaise Pascal;imagination
Men often take their imagination for their heart and they believe they are converted as soon as they think of being converted.;Blaise Pascal;imagination
You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest dreams. Imagination plus innovation equals realization.;Denis Waitley;imagination
Being an actor is the loneliest thing in the world. You are all alone with your concentration and imagination, and that's all you have.;James Dean;imagination
Those Dutchmen had hardly any imagination or fantasy, but their good taste and their scientific knowledge of composition were enormous.;Vincent Van Gogh;imagination
Let us leave pretty women to men devoid of imagination.;Marcel Proust;imagination
Here is everything which can lay hold of the eye, ear and imagination - everything which can charm and bewitch the simple and ignorant. I wonder how Luther ever broke the spell.;John Adams;imagination
There is nothing heavier than compassion. Not even one's own pain weighs so heavy as the pain one feels for someone, for someone, pain intensified by the imagination and prolonged by a hundred echos.;Milan Kundera;imagination
My country has contrived for me the most insignificant office that ever the invention of man contrived or his imagination conceived.;John Adams;imagination
To speak of morals in art is to speak of legislature in sex. Art is the sex of the imagination.;George Jean Nathan;imagination
However my parents - both of whom came from impoverished backgrounds and neither of whom had been to college, took the view that my overactive imagination was an amusing quirk that would never pay a mortgage or secure a pension.;J. K. Rowling;imagination
Apathy can be overcome by enthusiasm, and enthusiasm can only be aroused by two things: first, an ideal, with takes the imagination by storm, and second, a definite intelligible plan for carrying that ideal into practice.;Arnold J. Toynbee;imagination
I had a very happy childhood, but I wasn't that happy a child. I liked being alone and creating characters and voices. I think that's when your creativity is developed, when you're young. I liked the world of the imagination because it was an easy place to go to.;David Walliams;imagination
We especially need imagination in science. It is not all mathematics, nor all logic, but it is somewhat beauty and poetry.;Maria Montessori;imagination
Were it not for imagination a man would be as happy in arms of a chambermaid as of a duchess.;Samuel Johnson;imagination
An idea is salvation by imagination.;Frank Lloyd Wright;imagination
To treat your facts with imagination is one thing, to imagine your facts is another.;John Burroughs;imagination
Wherever you write is supposed to be a little bit of a refuge, a place where you can get away from the world. The more closed in you are, the more you're forced back on your own imagination.;Stephen King;imagination
The world of reality has its limits the world of imagination is boundless.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;imagination
For strange effects and extraordinary combinations we must go to life itself, which is always far more daring than any effort of the imagination.;Arthur Conan Doyle;imagination
