I wrote a novel for my degree, and I'm very happy I didn't submit that to a publisher. I sympathize with my professors who had to read it.;David Eddings;graduation
I was going to be an architect. I graduated with a degree in architecture and I had a scholarship to go back to Princeton and get my Masters in architecture. I'd done theatricals in college, but I'd done them because it was fun.;James Stewart;graduation
When I was a graduate student, the leading spirits at Harvard were interested in the history of ideas.;M. H. Abrams;graduation
In the summer we graduated we flipped out completely, drinking beer, cruising in our cars and beating up each other. It was a crazy summer. That's when I started to be interested in girls.;Ed O'Neill;graduation
I dropped out of school for a semester, transferred to another college, switched to an art major, graduated, got married, and for a while worked as a graphic designer.;James Green Somerville;graduation
My father was on the faculty in the Chemistry Department of Harvard University my mother had one year of graduate work in physics before her marriage.;Kenneth G. Wilson;graduation
My graduate studies were carried out at the California Institute of Technology.;Kenneth G. Wilson;graduation
The essays in The Great Taos Bank Robbery were my project to win a Master of Arts degree in English when I quit being a newspaper editor and went back to college.;Tony Hillerman;graduation
The economy in the Valley will need to grow if students want to come back and work with their specialized degrees. We need to develop more to create more opportunities.;Frank Murphy;graduation
Yale places great stress on undergraduate and graduate teaching. I like teaching, and I do a lot of it.;James Tobin;graduation
I was really desperate. I don't know if you can remember back that far, but when I went to graduate school they didn't want females in graduate school. They were very open about it. They didn't mince their words. But then I got in and I got my degree.;Shannon Lucid;graduation
Our promise to our children should be this: if you do well in school, we will pay for you to obtain a college degree.;Ruth Ann Minner;graduation
The idea of winning a doctor's degree gradually assumed the aspect of a great moral struggle, and the moral fight possessed immense attraction for me.;Elizabeth Blackwell;graduation
My personal advice is to go to school first and get a liberal arts education, and then if you want to pursue acting, go to graduate school.;Jillian Bach;graduation
I think women as well as men are concerned about jobs and the economy and spending and, and other issues. They're concerned that when their kids graduate from college they have an economy and they have a future in this country and they, they have the same opportunity that we've had and our grandparents have had.;Ken Buck;graduation
I've told my children that when I die, to release balloons in the sky to celebrate that I graduated. For me, death is a graduation.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;graduation
I went to my son's graduation this weekend, and I heard a great quote I've never heard before from Albert Einstein. It was that the greatest danger to the world is not the bad people but it's the good people who don't speak out.;Hamilton Jordan;graduation
We are living in 1937, and our universities, I suggest, are not half-way out of the fifteenth century. We have made hardly any changes in our conception of university organization, education, graduation, for a century - for several centuries.;H. G. Wells;graduation
From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world.;Dick Cheney;graduation
I disagree with a lot of those changes, however at the end of the day - I go down to recruit graduation at least once or twice a year.;R. Lee Ermey;graduation
Since graduation, I have measured time in 4-by-5-inch pieces of paper, four days on the left and three on the right. Every social engagement, interview, reading, flight, doctor's appointment, birthday and dry-cleaning reminder has been handwritten between metal loops.;Sloane Crosley;graduation
I was a lesbian for a semester at Wesleyan - it was a graduation requirement.;Ayelet Waldman;graduation
I'm not retiring. I am graduating. Today is my graduation day. Retirement means that you'll just go ahead and live on your laurels and surf all day in Oceanside. It ain't going to happen.;Junior Seau;graduation
A few months after graduation I was working in films. It took off pretty quick.;Moira Kelly;graduation
People in my family and camp who grew up listening to rap music love 'We Are Young.' I've heard it play at weddings. I've heard it in graduation parties. It's a big idea and big song.;Janelle Monae;graduation
I have the loving support of my girlfriend who still attends Wake Forest and is nearing graduation. She helps me cope with the everyday rigors of being an NBA player.;Tim Duncan;graduation
I was on the yearbook staff, so I would take out film cameras and Nikons and take photos around school and at sporting events and things like that. We had a darkroom as well. I just loved it. I also saved up for a video camera to video my friends and cut and paste the videos together and I gave them to all of my friends for graduation.;Dianna Agron;graduation
The morning after my high-school graduation found me up early job hunting. The dream of college I put on the back burner.;Martha Reeves;graduation
I thought I should go to New York because it was the place to go to study. I went and tried to get an application from the Juilliard School but they wouldn't even give me one because I didn't have my high school graduation.;Maureen Forrester;graduation
While I do commend the Administration on its commitment and focus on high school reform, I believe that we must focus on graduation as the key accountability measure.;Ruben Hinojosa;graduation
I received $100 per week when I started working at the Globe after graduation.;Will McDonough;graduation
Americans in particular are myopic. They're not traveling as much. When you were a college student, the next thing you would do on graduation was to take a year off and travel. That's what I did. I went to Indonesia.;Julie Taymor;graduation
I fell in love with theater there, and after graduation I moved to Los Angeles to pursue acting.;Olivia Wilde;graduation
It was only when I finished the course and left my graduation diploma on the bus that I realised I'd become an actor.;James D'arcy;graduation
One of the most difficult speeches to prepare is an address to a graduation class, which is why I don't often do them.;Jerry Moran;graduation
At the end of four years' time, at graduation, we were down to 12. At our reunion that we had several years ago, only 1 out of the 52 actually made it to ordination and priesthood. So there you go, there's your numbers.;Peter Jurasik;graduation
I woke up on May 15, 1991, the day of my Barnard graduation, and I said to myself, 'By the end of today you will decide what you want to do with the rest of your life.';Alexandra Guarnaschelli;graduation
A month before graduation I got an off-Broadway job. Then I did some commercials, including one for MCI. You can only see half of me, but it paid well. Thank God for commercials.;Lee Pace;graduation
All my graduation money went to paying for bartending classes so I could have a side gig. I bartended for two months before I was supposed to move to New York and then two months later I got the job as an understudy in 'Sister Act' and haven't looked back since.;Patina Miller;graduation
If you're picking your best friend based on what kind of clothes she wears or how popular she is, chances are you aren't going to stay in touch after graduation.;Renee Olstead;graduation
Great minds discuss ideas average minds discuss events small minds discuss people.;Eleanor Roosevelt;great
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.;Albert Einstein;great
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.;William Shakespeare;great
One sees great things from the valley only small things from the peak.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;great
All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.;Winston Churchill;great
I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was.;Muhammad Ali;great
I firmly believe that any man's finest hour, the greatest fulfillment of all that he holds dear, is that moment when he has worked his heart out in a good cause and lies exhausted on the field of battle - victorious.;Vince Lombardi;great
The great question that has never been answered, and which I have not yet been able to answer, despite my thirty years of research into the feminine soul, is 'What does a woman want?';Sigmund Freud;great
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.;Maya Angelou;great
I may climb perhaps to no great heights, but I will climb alone.;Cyrano de Bergerac;great
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;great
One of the greatest diseases is to be nobody to anybody.;Mother Teresa;great
I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish small tasks as if they were great and noble.;Helen Keller;great
Laws control the lesser man... Right conduct controls the greater one.;Mark Twain;great
A man is great by deeds, not by birth.;Chanakya;great
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.;Robert Kennedy;great
All truly great thoughts are conceived by walking.;Friedrich Nietzsche;great
After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.;Nelson Mandela;great
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly.;John F. Kennedy;great
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.;Oprah Winfrey;great
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.;Socrates;great
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.;William Arthur Ward;great
Heights by great men reached and kept were not obtained by sudden flight but, while their companions slept, they were toiling upward in the night.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;great
Could a greater miracle take place than for us to look through each other's eyes for an instant?;Henry David Thoreau;great
Because of a great love, one is courageous.;Lao Tzu;great
The principles of living greatly include the capacity to face trouble with courage, disappointment with cheerfulness, and trial with humility.;Thomas S. Monson;great
Great thoughts speak only to the thoughtful mind, but great actions speak to all mankind.;Theodore Roosevelt;great
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.;Benjamin Disraeli;great
Never was anything great achieved without danger.;Niccolo Machiavelli;great
A retentive memory may be a good thing, but the ability to forget is the true token of greatness.;Elbert Hubbard;great
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.;Napoleon Hill;great
The greatest wealth is to live content with little.;Plato;great
And the American people are the greatest people in the world. What makes America the greatest nation in the world is the heart of the American people: hardworking, innovative, risk-taking, God- loving, family-oriented American people.;Mitt Romney;great
As a child of God, I am greater than anything that can happen to me.;Abdul Kalam;great
A man's worth is no greater than his ambitions.;Marcus Aurelius;great
Do you wish to be great? Then begin by being. Do you desire to construct a vast and lofty fabric? Think first about the foundations of humility. The higher your structure is to be, the deeper must be its foundation.;Saint Augustine;great
Great people talk about ideas, average people talk about things, and small people talk about wine.;Fran Lebowitz;great
Greatness lies, not in being strong, but in the right using of strength and strength is not used rightly when it serves only to carry a man above his fellows for his own solitary glory. He is the greatest whose strength carries up the most hearts by the attraction of his own.;Henry Ward Beecher;great
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.;Vincent Van Gogh;great
Behind every great fortune lies a great crime.;Honore de Balzac;great
Great talents are the most lovely and often the most dangerous fruits on the tree of humanity. They hang upon the most slender twigs that are easily snapped off.;Carl Jung;great
Harmony makes small things grow, lack of it makes great things decay.;Sallust;great
Don't be humble... you're not that great.;Golda Meir;great
The greatest happiness is to know the source of unhappiness.;Fyodor Dostoevsky;great
The greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it.;Moliere;great
Heaven and hell suppose two distinct species of men, the good and the bad. But the greatest part of mankind float betwixt vice and virtue.;David Hume;great
The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.;John C. Maxwell;great
Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things.;Joe Paterno;great
A mistake made by many people with great convictions is that they will let nothing stand in the way of their views, not even kindness.;Bryant H. McGill;great
I think what motivates people is not great hate, but great love for other people.;Huey Newton;great
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune but great minds rise above them.;Washington Irving;great
And what he greatly thought, he nobly dared.;Homer;great
Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion.;Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel;great
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.;Demosthenes;great
A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.;Walter Bagehot;great
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;great
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.;Jim Carrey;great
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.;Harriet Tubman;great
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.;Isaac Asimov;great
