What a dog I got, his favorite bone is in my arm.;Rodney Dangerfield;pet
Dachshunds are ideal dogs for small children, as they are already stretched and pulled to such a length that the child cannot do much harm one way or the other.;Robert Benchley;pet
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;pet
Money can buy you a fine dog, but only love can make him wag his tail.;Kinky Friedman;pet
Dogs are my favorite people.;Richard Dean Anderson;pet
I have felt cats rubbing their faces against mine and touching my cheek with claws carefully sheathed. These things, to me, are expressions of love.;James Herriot;pet
The smallest feline is a masterpiece.;Leonardo da Vinci;pet
I love cats because I enjoy my home and little by little, they become its visible soul.;Jean Cocteau;pet
A dog teaches a boy fidelity, perseverance, and to turn around three times before lying down.;Robert Benchley;pet
Never wear anything that panics the cat.;P. J. O'Rourke;pet
If you are a dog and your owner suggests that you wear a sweater suggest that he wear a tail.;Fran Lebowitz;pet
I never married because there was no need. I have three pets at home which answer the same purpose as a husband. I have a dog which growls every morning, a parrot which swears all afternoon, and a cat that comes home late at night.;Marie Corelli;pet
A happy arrangement: many people prefer cats to other people, and many cats prefer people to other cats.;Mason Cooley;pet
Even cats grow lonely and anxious.;Mason Cooley;pet
No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.;Kin Hubbard;pet
I believe cats to be spirits come to earth. A cat, I am sure, could walk on a cloud without coming through.;Jules Verne;pet
Cats have it all - admiration, an endless sleep, and company only when they want it.;Rod McKuen;pet
Cat: a pygmy lion who loves mice, hates dogs, and patronizes human beings.;Oliver Herford;pet
The trouble with a kitten is that eventually it becomes a cat.;Ogden Nash;pet
Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function.;Garrison Keillor;pet
Way down deep, we're all motivated by the same urges. Cats have the courage to live by them.;Jim Davis;pet
Dogs are our link to paradise. They don't know evil or jealousy or discontent.;Milan Kundera;pet
Don't accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful.;Ann Landers;pet
No one appreciates the very special genius of your conversation as the dog does.;Christopher Morley;pet
I've got a new invention. It's a revolving bowl for tired goldfish.;Lefty Gomez;pet
Kittens are wide-eyed, soft and sweet. With needles in their jaws and feet.;Pam Brown;pet
Many who have spent a lifetime in it can tell us less of love than the child that lost a dog yesterday.;Thornton Wilder;pet
Do not make the mistake of treating your dogs like humans or they will treat you like dogs.;Martha Scott;pet
I've always been mad about cats.;Vivien Leigh;pet
Cats are inquisitive, but hate to admit it.;Mason Cooley;pet
As anyone who has ever been around a cat for any length of time well knows, cats have enormous patience with the limitations of the human kind.;Cleveland Amory;pet
We've begun to long for the pitter-patter of little feet - so we bought a dog. Well, it's cheaper, and you get more feet.;Rita Rudner;pet
Cats are rather delicate creatures and they are subject to a good many different ailments, but I have never heard of one who suffered from insomnia.;Joseph Wood Krutch;pet
If a dog jumps into your lap, it is because he is fond of you but if a cat does the same thing, it is because your lap is warmer.;Alfred North Whitehead;pet
Like all pure creatures, cats are practical.;William S. Burroughs;pet
If cats were double the size they are now, they'd probably be illegal.;Doug Coupland;pet
Dogs laugh, but they laugh with their tails.;Max Eastman;pet
I kind of imagine myself at eighty, a cat lady.;Juliette Lewis;pet
A kitten is in the animal world what a rosebud is in the garden.;Robert Southey;pet
The trees in Siberia are miles apart, that is why the dogs are so fast.;Bob Hope;pet
I live alone, with cats, books, pictures, fresh vegetables to cook, the garden, the hens to feed.;Jeanette Winterson;pet
People who keep dogs are cowards who haven't got the guts to bite people themselves.;August Strindberg;pet
There is no psychiatrist in the world like a puppy licking your face.;Bernard Williams;pet
Cats seem to go on the principle that it never does any harm to ask for what you want.;Joseph Wood Krutch;pet
There's a saying. If you want someone to love you forever, buy a dog, feed it and keep it around.;Dick Dale;pet
I had been told that the training procedure with cats was difficult. It's not. Mine had me trained in two days.;Bill Dana;pet
Scratch a dog and you'll find a permanent job.;Franklin P. Jones;pet
It is impossible for a lover of cats to banish these alert, gentle, and discriminating friends, who give us just enough of their regard and complaisance to make us hunger for more.;Agnes Repplier;pet
Cats don't like change without their consent.;Roger Caras;pet
I was a dog in a past life. Really. I'll be walking down the street and dogs will do a sort of double take. Like, Hey, I know him.;William H. Macy;pet
There are all sorts of cute puppy dogs, but it doesn't stop people from going out and buying Dobermans.;Angus Young;pet
We have three cats. It's like having children, but there is no tuition involved.;Ron Reagan;pet
There's just me and my wife and a dog and we feed him Healthy Choice also.;Mike Ditka;pet
Cats are connoisseurs of comfort.;James Herriot;pet
A hungry dog hunts best. A hungrier dog hunts even better.;Norman Ralph Augustine;pet
Just watching my cats can make me happy.;Paula Cole;pet
A kitten is chiefly remarkable for rushing about like mad at nothing whatever, and generally stopping before it gets there.;Agnes Repplier;pet
The world spends $40 billion a year on pet food.;Nicholas D. Kristof;pet
I'm looking more like my dogs every day - it must be the shaggy fringe and the ears.;Christine McVie;pet
It was so cold today that I saw a dog chasing a cat, and the dog was walking.;Mickey Rivers;pet
Perhaps it is because cats do not live by human patterns, do not fit themselves into prescribed behavior, that they are so united to creative people.;Andre Norton;pet
Cats know how to obtain food without labor, shelter without confinement, and love without penalties.;W. L. George;pet
I have studied many philosophers and many cats. The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior.;Hippolyte Taine;pet
I love cats.;Dick Van Patten;pet
I used to love dogs until I discovered cats.;Nafisa Joseph;pet
Many cats are the death of the mouse.;Kaspar Hauser;pet
Only very brave mouse makes nest in cat's ear.;Earl Derr Biggers;pet
Kittens can happen to anyone.;Paul Gallico;pet
Never stand between a dog and the hydrant.;John Peers;pet
Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.;George Carlin;pet
A real Christian is a person who can give his pet parrot to the town gossip.;Billy Graham;pet
I got a pet monkey called Charlie Chan.;Jimi Hendrix;pet
My roommate got a pet elephant. Then it got lost. It's in the apartment somewhere.;Steven Wright;pet
I worked in a pet store and people would ask how big I would get.;Rodney Dangerfield;pet
Maybe humans are just the pet alligators that God flushed down the toilet.;Chuck Palahniuk;pet
It is a good morning exercise for a research scientist to discard a pet hypothesis every day before breakfast. It keeps him young.;Konrad Lorenz;pet
When a guy tells me I'm cute, it's not something desirable. Cute is more like what you want your pet to be.;Natalie Portman;pet
A lover tries to stand in well with the pet dog of the house.;Moliere;pet
Teach your children how to behave with animals. Adopt a pet. Don't go buy one. Please. That's a sin. Let's get these puppy mills out of business.;Shelley Morrison;pet
I don't have pet peeves I have whole kennels of irritation.;Whoopi Goldberg;pet
I really liked the snake that breaks out of the cage in the beginning of the movie. I saw it in real life, and it was really cool. Really big and fat. The owls are cool as well, but you can't really pet them.;Tom Felton;pet
There's kind of a toll you have to pay with a cat if you don't pet her for 10 minutes she'll bother you for six hours.;Scott Adams;pet
Vinyl is the real deal. I've always felt like, until you buy the vinyl record, you don't really own the album. And it's not just me or a little pet thing or some kind of retro romantic thing from the past. It is still alive.;Jack White;pet
I'm scared to death of being poor. It's like a fat girl who loses 500 pounds but is always fat inside. I grew up poor and will always feel poor inside. It's my pet paranoia.;Cher;pet
My pet peeve and my goal in life is to somehow get an adjective for 'integrity' in the dictionary. 'Truthful' doesn't really cover it, or 'genuine.' It should be like 'integritus.';Rashida Jones;pet
My parents used to take me to the pet department and tell me it was a zoo.;Billy Connolly;pet
We created a line of pet food called Nutrish that's made to human standards, and 100 percent of the proceeds go to animal rescue. One of our top-tier donors is the ASPCA, and they help us challenge animal shelters all across the country to get more animals placed in homes.;Rachael Ray;pet
It's a little known fact that one in three family pets gets lost during its lifetime, and approximately 9 million pets enter shelters each year. That's why it's a wonderful thing to get your pet microchipped and registered with your contact information because then they can be located and the owners can track where their pets are.;Betty White;pet
I used to have this little mouse. I buy birds from the pet store and I let them go.;Ziggy Marley;pet
We all know the stories about the Human Rights Act... about the illegal immigrant who cannot be deported because, and I am not making this up, he had a pet cat.;Theresa May;pet
Every time I decide I want a child I get another pet. I have 3 dogs, 13 birds and 3 horses, what does that tell you?;Alyssa Milano;pet
No one ever pretended that shopping for anything is a rational experience. If it were, would there be Fluffernutter? Laceless sneakers? Porkpie hats? Would the Chia Pet even exist?;Jeffrey Kluger;pet
When you want a break from dogs, and you take them to the kennel to the stars, no one thinks you're a bad pet owner. But when you have kids, you can't drop them off for three weeks without someone calling Child Protective Services!;Gabrielle Union;pet
A pet store is a celebration of dogs' existence and an explosion of options. About cats, a pet store seems to say, 'Here, we couldn't think of anything else.' Cats are the Hanukkah of the animal world in this way. They are feted quietly and happily by a minority, but there's only so much hoopla applicable to them.;Sloane Crosley;pet
I love animals and feel very strongly that people should not be allowed to buy a pet if they are not able to look after it.;Kirsty Gallacher;pet
Our pets rely on us entirely for their nutrition. So if you're making your own judgments, that could lead to a mistake. At the same time, we have more control over our pet's diet than we do with our children or with ourselves, so your vet can tell you what is appropriate for your dog and you can assign them that.;Alison Sweeney;pet
Humans should always exercise and watch what they eat. So with your pet, make sure they get enough exercise, make sure they're getting fed at the same time every day and getting the nutrition they need. And make sure they get a lot of love and attention you both need. That's why you have them!;Alison Sweeney;pet
One of my pet peeves is that sometimes the talents of my band get overlooked because, and it was the same problem that Frank Zappa had, with a lot of groups that use humor, people don't realize there's a lot of craft behind the comedy.;Al Yankovic;pet
In their heyday, the Pet Shop Boys were the Interpol of the Eighties, dressing up to sing really weird pop songs about lust and loneliness in the big city. They're low-pro now, not retro-worshipped in the manner of Depeche Mode, New Order, or The Cure, but you can hear the reason why - these guys are too sad.;Rob Sheffield;pet
