The Social Security trust fund is in pretty good shape today and we should not embark upon risky, dangerous schemes which will, in fact, undermine Social Security, such as privatization.;Max Baucus;trust
There is a measure needing courage to adopt and enforce it, which I believe to be of virtue sufficient to redeem the nation in this its darkest hour: one only I know of no other to which we may rationally trust for relief from impending dangers without and within.;Robert Dale Owen;trust
Superman was never previewed because the producers didn't trust Warners with the film.;Richard Donner;trust
That's how you get a performance - they put trust in you.;Richard Donner;trust
I trust no one totally.;Gary Sheffield;trust
I don't trust that many people. Just my mother and my wife and a couple of friends. When I trust people, it doesn't end well.;Gary Sheffield;trust
There's only a handful of people I trust completely, and I know who they are. Other than that, I pretty much don't trust people.;Anton Yelchin;trust
If the president is failing to disclose material facts with regard to legislation being presented to the Congress on a question as important as war and peace, I think it does impair the level of trust that the House and the Senate have for this administration.;John Dingell;trust
I found it to be more challenging to be in a huge effects movie, because a lot of the things aren't there.You have to trust the director and react to nothing.;Katie Holmes;trust
From beginning to end I worried that Ang Lee wouldn't be satisfied with my work. So I worked as hard as I could to earn his trust, because you only get a chance like this once.;Zhang Ziyi;trust
There's a lot of trust being built up. I think we have a lot of work ahead of us.;Jacob Lew;trust
We need to discuss the basis of a new form of trust built on a meaningful form of citizenship appropriate for a republic.;Michael D. Higgins;trust
David was the kind of guy who was totally supportive of the actors and instructed the writing staff to trust the actor's instincts, since after all, it's the actors playing the character.;William Devane;trust
The first year I started in San Francisco, there was an American work on every program and there's been a lot of music by living composers and gradually that was part of the process of getting the audience really to trust me.;Michael Tilson Thomas;trust
Now where people are - at least the people I talk to - they are focused on issues of trust. Accountability also comes up, to make sure that this doesn't happen again.;William P. Leahy;trust
If its not done ethically, advertising won't be trusted. If consumers don't trust it, advertising is pointless.;Jef I. Richards;trust
To say that you now trust the Russian military command and control system because some Russian general told you from the bottom of his heart that's the case, strikes me as most unrealistic.;William Odom;trust
When I meet a couple, I'm always interested to know if they have been together for a long time, or how loyal they are, because I know that will impact on how much I'm prepared to trust them.;Richard E. Grant;trust
I used to have trust with reporters. Give them scoops. Those were the old days. It's very strange, when you give a story and it doesn't come out the right way.;Joe Arpaio;trust
I wasn't sure how my dad would react. There was an agent sitting behind them and he told me he was embarrassed to watch the scenes. My parents have always been very open. They trust my decisions.;Shannon Elizabeth;trust
I think one of the coolest things about the job is the level of trust we have for each other. The actors fully trust that the writers will write amazing episodes, and the writers trust that the actors will follow their instincts with the characters.;John Krasinski;trust
I generally wade in blind and trust to fate and instinct to see me through.;Peter Straub;trust
The duty of responsibility placed on any MP is one of the greatest honours that can be bestowed and I for one don't believe the Conservative Party would abuse that trust by selecting someone who did not have the goods to do the job, just for the sake of media coverage.;Adam Rickitt;trust
Clearly, if it is sensible to hold a referendum on independence, it is crucial that we have one on marriage. It is the only way the country can move forward on this issue. Let all those who have a view on this subject place their trust in the Scottish people and let Scotland decide.;Keith O'Brien;trust
The best situation is where they cast you and then they trust you.;Illeana Douglas;trust
I just think that I'll never have plastic surgery if I'm not in front of the camera. If you make your living selling this thing, which is the way you look, then maybe you do it. But trust me, the minute I'm directing or producing and not starring, I would never even think of it.;Rebecca De Mornay;trust
Nobody should trust their virtue with necessity, the force of which is never known till it is felt, and it is therefore one of the first duties to avoid the temptation of it.;Mary Wortley Montagu;trust
We have fun, we listen to one another, we challenge one another, we trust one another. We're doing what we enjoy, and we're not just playing for each other, we're playing for the people.;Benny Green;trust
A more important reason is that the bands will intuitively trust someone they think is a peer, and who speaks fondly of the same formative rock and roll experiences.;Steve Albini;trust
While it is clear that we need to make some adjustments to protect Social Security for the long term, it is disingenuous to say that the trust fund is facing a crisis.;Carl Levin;trust
I trust it will not be giving away professional secrets to say that many readers would be surprised, perhaps shocked, at the questions which some newspaper editors will put to a defenseless woman under the guise of flattery.;Kate Chopin;trust
I almost always do things that I like, in some form or fashion. Every once in awhile that means that I don't think the script is any good and I don't have any trust in the people, but the film is shooting in Sri Lanka, or somewhere like that, so I'm going.;Billy Campbell;trust
Well, first of all, making films is a collaborative process. You need people. You need people you trust and love and who are your friends. People you can work with.;Sean Durkin;trust
I focus on the writing and let the rest of the process take care of itself. I've learned to trust my own instincts and I've also learned to take risks.;Sue Grafton;trust
You should trust any man in his own art provided he is skilled in it.;Edward Coke;trust
Just really, really believe in what you're trying to do. Don't let people alter that. Let people advise you and lead you down paths to make smart business decisions. But trust your instinct and trust that overwhelming drive that made you put all your dreams and everything on the line.;Luke Bryan;trust
Well, the whole story is in the book, but the short answer is that I was the first information architect in an organization that was traditionally design-oriented, and I felt I needed a tool to help me gain the trust and support of my colleagues.;Jesse James Garrett;trust
There's good and bad everywhere in any aspect in life. The only people who we can't really trust are politicians. Because those guys lie to everybody and constantly.;Demian Bichir;trust
I now announce myself as candidate for the Presidency. I anticipate criticism but however unfavorable I trust that my sincerity will not be called into question.;Victoria Woodhull;trust
You can trust a Neil Simon script. Every dot. Every dash that pause means something. He takes all the jokes out, practically.;Hector Elizondo;trust
At the beginning of the new century, it is the common aspiration of the peoples of the two countries to deepen mutual understanding, enhance trust, develop friendship and strengthen cooperation.;Li Peng;trust
If we do what we think is right, not try to point-score, people will begin to trust us.;Francis Maude;trust
When you form a team, why do you try to form a team? Because teamwork builds trust and trust builds speed.;Russel Honore;trust
Trust me, the only real way to understand 'Chic' is in highfalutin terms. Our chord progressions were based on European modal melodies. I made those early 'Chic' records to impress my jazz friends.;Nile Rodgers;trust
Trust me, my runners aren't going to run one event while looking past it to the second event. When they get on the line for the 10K, that's a do-or-die situation for them.;Alberto Salazar;trust
And I also trust that there's more than one way to do something.;Dennis Muren;trust
That's a great feeling to know that I'm going into a project that I have no idea what will become of that movie, but I really trust Ang Lee. And I really trusted Ron. It's just really nice to work with people that you feel that way about.;Jennifer Connelly;trust
If you get too attached to how you want it to come out the other side, you freeze. I try to trust that it will work out in the end.;Jennifer Connelly;trust
I'm a Prince of Wales Trust ambassador, so I'm all about giving youth an education, a voice and a chance to not take the wrong road.;Benedict Cumberbatch;trust
How I work is I work from of very character-driven place. And I trust the writers.;Amy Adams;trust
If Romney explains why where we are with Obama is unacceptable, why whither we are tending is even worse - and why his own alternative path forward is superior - then we trust the American people to make the right choice in November.;Bill Kristol;trust
I grew up in a neighborhood in Baltimore that was like a war zone, so I never learned to trust that there were people who could help me.;Jada Pinkett Smith;trust
Reporters used to be blue-collar at the Globe now, it's practically required that you have a trust fund.;Howie Carr;trust
Nobody has ever denied that when it comes to his trade - gigolo - John Forbes Kerry is one of the all-time greats. He's in the Gigolo Hall of Fame. See, a really good gigolo might snag one heiress in a lifetime with a nine-figure trust fund. Kerry has married two. When it comes to gigolos, he's Steve Jobs.;Howie Carr;trust
The Centre is very important to me it's about trust - about truth.;David Ginola;trust
I guess because it feels more open, but I think being married is way sexier, because it's really like your soul partner in a permanent fashion, and then you strive for it to be something permanent, and that type of commitment and trust, if you can achieve it, is so good for the soul.;Leelee Sobieski;trust
In search of a complete education with the ideals of trust, faith, understanding and compassion, many families are turning to the structure, discipline and academic standards of Catholic schools.;Mark Foley;trust
You can't trust the internet.;Nicolette Sheridan;trust
One of the challenges in networking is everybody thinks it's making cold calls to strangers. Actually, it's the people who already have strong trust relationships with you, who know you're dedicated, smart, a team player, who can help you.;Reid Hoffman;trust
If you wish in this world to advance your merits you're bound to enhance You must stir it and stump it, and blow your own trumpet, Or, trust me, you haven't a chance.;William Gilbert;trust
Science doesn't in the slightest depend on trust. It depends completely on the belief that you can demonstrate something for yourself.;Walter Gilbert;trust
Don't trust somebody that don't have a troubled period.;Benjamin Walker;trust
We've got a long career ahead of us and it's going to be great. Trust me.;Dan Hawkins;trust
Whom am I going to trust if I have to back again.;Kamisese Mara;trust
Citizens, the priority now is to recover trust between the Egyptian - amongst the Egyptians and to have trust and confidence in our economy and international reputation and the fact that the change that we have embarked on will carry on and there's no going back to the old days.;Hosni Mubarak;trust
And I believe that public broadcasting has an important trust with the American people, it's an intimate medium of television, and that we can do reading and language development for young children without getting into human sexuality.;Margaret Spellings;trust
In this choice, as I look back over more than half a century, I can only follow - and trust - the same sort of instinct that one follows in the art of fiction.;Mary Augusta Ward;trust
It's all about the director for me we have to click. It's a trust thing. I'll say I'm ready to let down my walls. I'll cry for you as long as you need. But you're going to have to hug me afterwards.;Juno Temple;trust
I became a Republican because I trust people more than I trust government.;Heather Wilson;trust
Although filmmaking is collaborative and involves trust, ultimately it is the director who holds the whole picture together in their head.;Julia Leigh;trust
Writing doesn't come real easy to me. I couldn't write a novel in a year. It wouldn't be readable. I don't let an editor even look at it until the second year, because it would just scare them. I just have to trust that all these scraps and dead-ends will find a way.;Charles Frazier;trust
I always market research my books before I hand them in by showing them to five or six close friends who I trust to be honest with me, so they are very heavily re-written already.;Helen Fielding;trust
The American people want to have trust in their leaders.;David Plouffe;trust
I know it sounds new age-y, but what I've truly come up with is that you really need to trust that you're on your own path, as long as you stay true to it and you show up, which is 99% of it.;Jane Lynch;trust
I don't trust Santa Barbara as far as I can spit. I am afraid that if I went back there, it's possible that I could be run through their system, their judicial system, and wind up in some county jail where I could be killed and I'm not gonna take that chance.;Randy Quaid;trust
We can trust our doctors to be professional, to minister equally to their patients without regard to their political or religious beliefs. But we can no longer trust our professors to do the same.;David Horowitz;trust
Sci-fi nerds are respectful, honorable. You can trust them.;Claudia Christian;trust
I don't trust anybody in my life except my mother and my dogs.;Cheryl Cole;trust
So when you go to a set and you just fully trust everybody, you know how hard everybody's working, you know that the people doing it are good and have such a strong vision - that's exactly my experience on 'New Girl,' and what my experience on 'Veronica Mars' was like. Everybody was just so great.;Max Greenfield;trust
You never know if you're a writer. You can't trust it. If you woke up and said, 'I'm a writer,' it would be gone. You wouldn't see anything for miles - even the dust would be running away.;Ali Smith;trust
The same sort of thing happened in my dispute with the National Trust book: Follies: A National Trust Guide, which implied that the only pleasure you can get from Folly architecture is by calling the architect mad, and by laughing at the architecture.;Ian Hamilton Finlay;trust
Trust me, you have to fight. When people are wrong, you've got to let them know it.;Orlando Cepeda;trust
You can never trust what you read.;William Goldman;trust
When it comes to locations, I'm one of those crazy authors who has to see it, touch it, taste it, before I trust myself to recreate it for my readers. Having said that, visiting a locked-down pediatric psych ward was the most intimidating research I've ever done - and I've visited maximum security prisons, shooting galleries, bone collections, etc.;Lisa Gardner;trust
I would say I was always very ambitious and goal-oriented, but rather than being just a go-getter hustler, now I surrender a lot more and I trust my path a lot more.;Jenna Dewan;trust
In high school I was always thinking, 'Should I be doing more? What else should I be doing?' Now I know it will all come to me. I just have to trust my path, so that's very different.;Jenna Dewan;trust
As a historian, what I trust is my ability to take a mass of information and tell a story shaped around it.;Doris Kearns Goodwin;trust
We associate the North Atlantic with cod. The motto of Newfoundland used to be 'In cod we trust.' It was a joke, but it was essentially true. But there is no cod anymore. And that's extraordinary. It's all because of either greed or politics - Canadian politics.;Simon Winchester;trust
I have achieved what I wanted to achieve. I'm better off at some sort of independent place where they not only like what I produce but also trust me to be the one to produce it.;Keith Olbermann;trust
We grow in time to trust the future for our answers.;Ruth Benedict;trust
People don't place their trust in government or company pension plans they have to be self-reliant.;Scott Cook;trust
I plays Joe's best friend. I am the only one he has ever been able to trust in his life, so I help him understand what happened to him when he was younger.;Michelle Trachtenberg;trust
We live in the country. I'm a redneck. No, ha-ha. I live in L.A. County, but more in the hills. Not in the fancy kind! Trust me whatever you do you do not want to come to my neighborhood!;Atticus Shaffer;trust
When you explain to people what you're trying to do, as opposed to just making demands or delegating tasks, you can build instant trust, even if it's just for that short time you're on the phone.;Simon Sinek;trust
Whether we knew many who died on September 11 or personally knew none, we all lost something on that day. Innocence. Security. A trust that our homeland would always be safe.;Bob Taft;trust
I'm lucky to have a great support system in my friends and some of my family. If you have those people that you trust, go ahead and fall back into them and let them be your hammock and cocoon and let them embrace you.;JoJo;trust
Any journalist worth his or her salt wouldn't trust me.;Joey Skaggs;trust
Spending when the math's not there and the numbers aren't there and if they look in the social security trust fund, it's filled with IOUs because the government's been pilfering it for years on end. We have to do something. We have to start having this discussion.;Ben Quayle;trust
As a Christian, I think it's really important to find a man of God to trust and be supportive of me.;Leven Rambin;trust
