My mom won't let me buy high-fashion stuff unless it's TK Maxx or a birthday occasion.;Chloe Moretz;birthday
My mom and my father's birthday are on the same day.;Victor Cruz;birthday
I'm trying to get the record that I made at my birthday party last year, trying to get that out, and the lawyers are diddling around with it and it probably won't be out until next year. I don't know.;Marian McPartland;birthday
And currently, there are four to five new works in the pipeline for upcoming celebrations such as the Sydney 2000 Olympics, Australian Federation, my 50th Birthday, and Sydney Dance Company's 25th Anniversary.;Graeme Murphy;birthday
I was quite a shy child. I would get terribly nervous and throw up before my birthday party. And then I would be fine. I feel the same now. I get nervous, then it's fine.;Matthew Macfadyen;birthday
I can put my legs behind my head and sing 'Happy Birthday.' Because that's something that me and my friends used to do when we were in gymnastics class as kids, and I can still do it. I was doing it since I was 8 and 9. They used to call me Gumby. Very bendy.;Emmy Rossum;birthday
I want to say that probably 24 hours after I told CBS that I was stepping down at my 65th birthday, I was already regretting it. And I regretted it every day since.;Walter Cronkite;birthday
On my birthday, I was in Milan for the collections.;Eva Herzigova;birthday
I lost twins at 14 weeks, and I had to have an D and C on my birthday.;Amy Weber;birthday
I always wanted to shave. It is a very natural process. For my birthday I got a lot of shaving stuff.;Chaz Bono;birthday
I told my father I wanted to play the banjo, and so he saved the money and got ready to give me a banjo for my next birthday, and between that time and my birthday, I lost interest in the banjo and was playing guitar.;Jackson Browne;birthday
As far as those kinds of things, I also played at the concert to call for the release of Nelson Mandela when he was a political prisoner in South Africa. We were celebrating his 70th birthday and calling for his release.;Jackson Browne;birthday
I love photography. My boyfriend's got a great camera, which I bought for his birthday.;Sarah Sutton;birthday
My son had his eighth birthday recently and we had a chance to borrow the film and show it to all of his friends that was at his birthday party and they loved it. I was a little nervous. I said they might not even like it, and say his daddy's movie is wack, but they loved it.;Blair Underwood;birthday
I grew up doing all that stuff because I was obsessed with the '50s. I had sock hops for birthday parties. So I've always done The Twist and stuff. It was pretty natural and, with my parents doing it all the time, I'd just copy them. Not very pretty.;Brittany Snow;birthday
For my birthday my husband learned to cook and is cooking one day a week for me. But he only likes to do fancy dishes. So we end up with weird, obscure things in the refrigerator.;Cheryl Hines;birthday
My first recognition of age setting in was exactly on my 36th birthday. I have no idea why, on this day of all days, I looked in the mirror and realized my face no longer looked young.;Paulina Porizkova;birthday
And for the city's birthday, we will host events in every neighborhood of the city, inviting all of our residents to share in the celebration of Boston's great epic - the story of neighbors who support one another where it matters most.;Thomas Menino;birthday
I hate birthdays. I thought that I only hated my own birthday, and then I realized that I hate my children's birthdays too.;Samantha Bee;birthday
I suddenly realized how much I loved her when we attended Alfred Hitchcock's 75th birthday party last August. There was something magical about that night, and it made me see how much she really meant to me.;Rod Taylor;birthday
Any time women come together with a collective intention, it's a powerful thing. Whether it's sitting down making a quilt, in a kitchen preparing a meal, in a club reading the same book, or around the table playing cards, or planning a birthday party, when women come together with a collective intention, magic happens.;Phylicia Rashad;birthday
I started running around my 30th birthday. I wanted to lose weight I didn't anticipate the serenity. Being in motion, suddenly my body was busy and so my head could work out some issues I had swept under a carpet of wine and cheese. Good therapy, that's a good run.;Michael Weatherly;birthday
Well, I started conducting kind of by accident. I wanted to give myself a special birthday present for my fortieth birthday, and I was living in San Francisco at the time and I started attending some of the concerts and then simply dropping hints.;Bobby McFerrin;birthday
My mom FedExes a red velvet cake she makes from scratch to me every birthday.;Molly Sims;birthday
Nicole will come up in conversations where it's in a part of the conversation. Or we may be somewhere and I would tell some story about their mother and I. You know, we always honor her birthday.;O. J. Simpson;birthday
I went to a rare live Van Dyke show and met him there. And then he came to a show of mine and we spoke back stage. The third time was at Brian Wilson's birthday party.;Matthew Sweet;birthday
The summer of 2002 at the Wilson birthday party I met Van Dyke again and I made plans to have dinner with him.;Matthew Sweet;birthday
Mattresses! Beautiful! Let's go buy a couple of mattresses. Give 'em to people for their birthday.;Lawrence Tierney;birthday
One I built when I was a kid, and it was a real miniature of Disneyland. I fell in love with the park when I went there with my parents on my 12th birthday.;Bobby Sherman;birthday
My parents were dishonest people. If it was my birthday, I knew my mother took me to the K-Mart and she stole my toy. She'd put it in the shopping cart and we'd walk out. I was raised with that.;Vincent Gallo;birthday
We were probably the last people in the country to get a VCR and we didn't have cable. There wasn't any admiration of glamour, no, 'I want to look like them or have that lifestyle', because everyone in my town had the same lifestyle. So I didn't think, 'Ooh, a movie star's birthday!' I just thought, 'What?';Christina Hendricks;birthday
I'll never forget my 24th birthday when my tooth got punched out. And for a second I was like, it would be really hilarious if I sold it on eBay. But I can't, that's just too creepy. I don't think I can go there.;Evan Rachel Wood;birthday
I did a cake for the 60th birthday of Elton John, for Britney Spears' 27th birthday and for the 'Circus' album she put out - the cake had circus themes. I prepared a cake for a surprise 82nd birthday event for the architect Frank Gehry the cake was comprised of mini-replicas of his buildings.;Ron Ben-Israel;birthday
I've looked after my money. As I started working around my third birthday, my first check went straight to the bank.;Samantha Barks;birthday
I had arranged a birthday party for him and my children, who are all Aquarians. Instead, we got married. I ran out of excuses. It was just us and my children.;Diane von Furstenberg;birthday
There weren't any astronauts until I was about 10. Yuri Gagarin went into space right around my 10th birthday.;John L. Phillips;birthday
The turning point was when I hit my 30th birthday. I thought, if really want to write, it's time to start. I picked up the book How to Write a Novel in 90 Days. The author said to just write three pages a day, and I figured, I can do this. I never got past Page 3 of that book.;James Rollins;birthday
I wasn't very good about juggling family and my career. I was interested in who was coming to the children's birthday party, what my son was writing. I was thinking about Legos.;Jill Clayburgh;birthday
All I watch is the Food Network. I took a cheesemaking class a few weeks ago, and I told my family and friends to only get me kitchen stuff on my birthday. I'm into every kind of cookbook and anything by Anthony Bourdain. I'd love to own a restaurant if I could find the right chef.;Jesse McCartney;birthday
I love having my birthday at Australia Zoo.;Bindi Irwin;birthday
If there's one thing I really want for my birthday, that is for the mining company not to mine my daddy's reserve.;Bindi Irwin;birthday
The American flag is an enduring symbol of liberty, democracy, and justice. It is fitting that the House act to protect it as we approach our nation's birthday, and as our men and women in uniform rally behind it in Iraq's battlefields.;Joe Barton;birthday
Even when I was a kid, I had a good thing with kids. To this day, if I go to a birthday party with one of my kids, I swear to you, I am so much happier hanging out with my kids and their friends than talking to the grown-ups.;Shawn Levy;birthday
At her birthday, my seven-year-old daughter will say that she wants these big cakes and certain expensive toys as presents, and I can't say no to her. It would just break my heart. But when I was little, for birthdays we just played outside and we were happy if we got any cake.;Goran Ivanisevic;birthday
For my birthday this year, my girlfriends - who knew I'd just inherited my dad's turntable - gave me a carton of albums like 'Blue Kentucky Girl,' by Emmylou Harris, and 'Off the Wall,' by Michael Jackson. It's all stuff we grew up with. I mean, you can't have a music collection without Prince's 'Purple Rain' - it just can't be done!;Connie Britton;birthday
When I was in elementary school, I used to write letters to myself. I'd write letters and go 'Dear Kristen-at-16-years-old, happy birthday. I hope you're doing something.';Kristin Kreuk;birthday
My brother got a .22 for his 12th birthday I got a .22. He got a hunting knife I got a hunting knife.;Stephanie Cutter;birthday
I married two weeks after my 18th birthday, far too young, and by the time I was 23 I was a single mother of three small children, Sean, Daniel and Victoria, living in a prefab house.;Sue Townsend;birthday
On a royal birthday every house must fly a flag, or the owner would be dragged to a police station and be fined twenty-five rubles.;Mary Antin;birthday
I was fired by 'America's Next Top Model' on my birthday.;Paulina Porizkova;birthday
I am a big popcorn fanatic. I love popcorn. In fact one year for my birthday, my husband bought me one of those big popcorn machines like they have in movie theaters.;Debbie Macomber;birthday
With a recent birthday, I've been acting now for twenty years.;Thayer David;birthday
Lucy took care of me on the set, and made sure that none of the crew cussed around me. She also had birthday parties for me and made sure that they were well attended.;Keith Thibodeaux;birthday
Brilliantly lit from stem to stern, she looked like a sagging birthday cake.;Walter Lord;birthday
I used to go down every year for the remembrance of Elvis' birthday. Memphis State College invited me to sit in the auditorium and speak to the people for one of those Elvis days.;Otis Blackwell;birthday
And I was very shy as a kid if you sang me 'Happy Birthday,' I would cry. Quite shy. So the idea of being an actor, much less a model, was just out of this world.;Cody Horn;birthday
I sing a little bit. I got a guitar for my 16th birthday.;Jesse Plemons;birthday
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.;Mark Twain;business
The hardest thing to understand in the world is the income tax.;Albert Einstein;business
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.;Colin Powell;business
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.;Dale Carnegie;business
If there is anything that a man can do well, I say let him do it. Give him a chance.;Abraham Lincoln;business
There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else.;Sam Walton;business
The superior man understands what is right the inferior man understands what will sell.;Confucius;business
It usually takes me more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.;Mark Twain;business
I am certainly not one of those who need to be prodded. In fact, if anything, I am the prod.;Winston Churchill;business
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations.;Steve Jobs;business
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.;Benjamin Franklin;business
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.;Napoleon Hill;business
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.;Khalil Gibran;business
No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution.;Niccolo Machiavelli;business
Hell, there are no rules here - we're trying to accomplish something.;Thomas A. Edison;business
All lasting business is built on friendship.;Alfred A. Montapert;business
I want to put a ding in the universe.;Steve Jobs;business
A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it.;William Feather;business
Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best.;Theodore Isaac Rubin;business
Don't let your ego get too close to your position, so that if your position gets shot down, your ego doesn't go with it.;Colin Powell;business
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless.;Thomas A. Edison;business
I think that there is nothing, not even crime, more opposed to poetry, to philosophy, ay, to life itself than this incessant business.;Henry David Thoreau;business
If all the economists were laid end to end, they'd never reach a conclusion.;George Bernard Shaw;business
Business is never so healthy as when, like a chicken, it must do a certain amount of scratching around for what it gets.;Henry Ford;business
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.;Andy Warhol;business
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;business
The majority of men meet with failure because of their lack of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail.;Napoleon Hill;business
It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest.;Adam Smith;business
A cardinal principle of Total Quality escapes too many managers: you cannot continuously improve interdependent systems and processes until you progressively perfect interdependent, interpersonal relationships.;Stephen Covey;business
The man who will use his skill and constructive imagination to see how much he can give for a dollar, instead of how little he can give for a dollar, is bound to succeed.;Henry Ford;business
An economist's guess is liable to be as good as anybody else's.;Will Rogers;business
Corporation: An ingenious device for obtaining profit without individual responsibility.;Ambrose Bierce;business
Every young man would do well to remember that all successful business stands on the foundation of morality.;Henry Ward Beecher;business
It's not what you pay a man, but what he costs you that counts.;Will Rogers;business
Disneyland is a work of love. We didn't go into Disneyland just with the idea of making money.;Walt Disney;business
If you listen to your fears, you will die never knowing what a great person you might have been.;Robert H. Schuller;business
Business, that's easily defined - it's other people's money.;Peter Drucker;business
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.;Robert H. Schuller;business
If you can build a business up big enough, it's respectable.;Will Rogers;business
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows.;Aristotle Onassis;business
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today.;Laurence J. Peter;business
Most of what we call management consists of making it difficult for people to get their work done.;Peter Drucker;business
