We cannot embrace God's forgiveness if we are so busy clinging to past wounds and nursing old grudges.;T. D. Jakes;forgiveness
Forgiveness to the injured does belong but they ne'er pardon who have done wrong.;John Dryden;forgiveness
God's forgiveness allows us to be honest with ourselves. We recognize our imperfections, admit our failures, and plead to God for clemency.;Jonathan Sacks;forgiveness
If Jesus Christ was who He claimed to be, and He did die on a cross at a point of time in history, then, for all history past and all history future it is relevant because that is the very focal point for forgiveness and redemption.;Josh McDowell;forgiveness
We win by tenderness. We conquer by forgiveness.;Frederick William Robertson;forgiveness
The schools would fail through their silence, the Church through its forgiveness, and the home through the denial and silence of the parents. The new generation has to hear what the older generation refuses to tell it.;Simon Wiesenthal;forgiveness
It is always the case that when the Christian looks back, he is looking at the forgiveness of sins.;Karl Barth;forgiveness
I find forgiveness to be really healthy.;Ben Affleck;forgiveness
My desire is to stand up and brush myself off when I make mistakes and ask for forgiveness.;Janine Turner;forgiveness
Forgiveness really is so misunderstood, as well as the power it can release in an individual.;Jennifer O'Neill;forgiveness
I think it's important to remember that Christianity was based in love and tolerance and forgiveness and acceptance.;Kristin Chenoweth;forgiveness
I think we learn the most from imperfect relationships - things like forgiveness and compassion.;Andrea Thompson;forgiveness
On a level of simple personal survival, understanding and forgiveness are crucial... whether in an intimate personal relationship or on a global level.;Edward Albert;forgiveness
When there's that forgiveness present and compassion, it just helps you live so much easier.;Craig T. Nelson;forgiveness
Forgiveness is indifference. Forgiveness is impossible while love lasts.;Mary Chesnut;forgiveness
'Caught' is a novel of forgiveness, and the past and the present - who should be and who shouldn't be forgiven. None of my books are ever just about thrills, or it won't work.;Harlan Coben;forgiveness
To sin offers repentance and forgiveness not to sin offers only punishment.;Jose Bergamin;forgiveness
I like cast iron coated with enamel for longevity and forgiveness if I happen to take my eyes off the prize while pouring Chianti.;Mario Batali;forgiveness
One important theme is the extent to which one can ever correct an error, especially outside any frame of religious forgiveness. All of us have done something we regret - how we manage to remove that from our conscience, or whether that's even possible, interested me.;Ian Mcewan;forgiveness
Forgiveness is the needle that knows how to mend.;Jewel;forgiveness
Well, I've never left my faith - but have I made a lot of mistakes? But was I fortunate that I was brought up in that Pentecostal church, where I heard about God's love and God's forgiveness.;Billy Ray Cyrus;forgiveness
On the Day of Atonement, Jews are commanded to seek forgiveness from the people we have hurt.;Laura Schlessinger;forgiveness
The Dalai Lama's entire being is about peace and harmony, forgiveness and self-discipline. Those are qualities to be admired. I am really looking forward to meeting His Holiness.;Joe Nichols;forgiveness
As we know, forgiveness of oneself is the hardest of all the forgivenesses.;Joan Baez;forgiveness
I think it is important that we rebuild an atmosphere of forgiveness and civility in every aspect of our lives.;T. D. Jakes;forgiveness
I believe in Jesus Christ as my Lord and savior. I believe that Jesus died for my sins, and rose again, and that's my belief. I still don't know what 'Christian' means. I'm a follower of Christ, but I keep making a whole bunch of mistakes. And I thank God for forgiveness.;Sherri Shepherd;forgiveness
I ask the people of Connecticut for their forgiveness, I should have paid more attention to people around me and people that I trusted but I am sorry for my actions and take full responsibility.;John Rowland;forgiveness
God's forgiveness is the only thing. And, well, I take full responsibility for the adultery. It was my fault and, you know, no matter what went on, the man has to take responsibility and I do.;Jim Bakker;forgiveness
Well, of course I think people can be forgiven. But our justice system is not set up to dispense forgiveness. You can go to the local priest for that.;Nancy Grace;forgiveness
Forgiveness isn't about condoning what has happened to you or someone else's actions against you.;Jennifer O'Neill;forgiveness
Sometimes I see myself fine, sometimes I need a witness. And I like the whole truth, but there are nights I only need forgiveness.;Dar Williams;forgiveness
There is no forgiveness in nature.;Ugo Betti;forgiveness
I am making amends and seeking forgiveness. My only hope is that some good can come out of my situation.;Jayson Blair;forgiveness
I'm a lapsed Quaker. I don't go to meetings any more. But I'm very drawn to Catholicism - all that glitter. I'd love to be a Catholic. I think it would be fantastic - faith, forgiveness, absolution, extreme unction - all these wonderful words. I don't think anyone who was ever born a Catholic hasn't died a Catholic, no matter how lapsed they are.;Kate Atkinson;forgiveness
China's idea of fair trade is government subsidies of its textile and apparel exports to the United States, currency manipulation, and forgiveness of loans by its government banks.;Virginia Foxx;forgiveness
The things the writers have me doing on 'Suburgatory' are insane. I think they think it's easier to ask for forgiveness than permission.;Cheryl Hines;forgiveness
I would say that playing this character has caused me to think about a lot of things. He's always questioning himself and trying to get back to something he lost touch with and trying to find forgiveness. Everybody struggles with these things to some extent in their life.;Lee Tergesen;forgiveness
I'm currently in an interesting correspondence with a nun about forgiveness.;Julian Clary;forgiveness
I invite everyone to chose forgiveness rather than division, teamwork over personal ambition.;Jean-Francois Cope;forgiveness
I would say the hierarchy has made terrible errors in judgment and it has to seek forgiveness by its members.;William P. Leahy;forgiveness
I think everything worked out the way it was supposed to. Mark's happier. I'm sober. There are still phone calls to be made, people I need to say something to. But everyone from Creed who I've offended or hurt, I ask for their forgiveness.;Scott Stapp;forgiveness
I discipline churchgoers with godly lessons and sharp words if they do not change their ways. My goal is to open their hearts so that they seek forgiveness.;William Brewster;forgiveness
These subsidies from four European governments, which include aircraft launch assistance, capital injections, debt forgiveness, have enabled Airbus to develop and range market airliners well below cost.;Norm Dicks;forgiveness
The principle that certain sins should not receive the Church's testimony of forgiveness was probably no novelty at all, but had been applied in various churches perhaps, however, with no strict consistency.;Robert Rainy;forgiveness
I learned a long time ago that some people would rather die than forgive. It's a strange truth, but forgiveness is a painful and difficult process. It's not something that happens overnight. It's an evolution of the heart.;Sue Monk Kidd;forgiveness
One can't relive one's life. Forgiveness is not what's difficult one's always too ready to forgive. And it does no good, that's obvious.;Louis-Ferdinand Celine;forgiveness
And as I ask for your forgiveness, I also ask for your support to keep all things in perspective and keep all things in proportion. The good of nine years versus the bad.;John Rowland;forgiveness
I really do believe that God is love, one of deep affection and grace and forgiveness and inspiration.;William P. Young;forgiveness
Forgiveness is not to give the other person peace. Forgiveness is for you. Take that opportunity.;Mackenzie Phillips;forgiveness
And the only thing to do with a sin is to confess, do penance and then, after some kind of decent interval, ask for forgiveness.;Joseph J. Ellis;forgiveness
Any story about revenge is ultimately a story about forgiveness, redemption, or the futility of revenge.;Nick Wechsler;forgiveness
I love my children. That will never change. I have prayed to them for forgiveness and hope that they will forgive me. I never meant to hurt them!!;Susan Smith;forgiveness
Freedom prospers when religion is vibrant and the rule of law under God is acknowledged.;Ronald Reagan;freedom
For to be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others.;Nelson Mandela;freedom
If you want total security, go to prison. There you're fed, clothed, given medical care and so on. The only thing lacking... is freedom.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;freedom
I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do. I am free, no matter what rules surround me. If I find them tolerable, I tolerate them if I find them too obnoxious, I break them. I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do.;Robert A. Heinlein;freedom
Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.;Mahatma Gandhi;freedom
The desire of gold is not for gold. It is for the means of freedom and benefit.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;freedom
Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better.;Albert Camus;freedom
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use.;Soren Kierkegaard;freedom
You have freedom when you're easy in your harness.;Robert Frost;freedom
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.;Jean-Paul Sartre;freedom
The only sure bulwark of continuing liberty is a government strong enough to protect the interests of the people, and a people strong enough and well enough informed to maintain its sovereign control over the goverment.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;freedom
The truth is I love being alive. And I love feeling free. So if I can't have those things then I feel like a caged animal and I'd rather not be in a cage. I'd rather be dead. And it's real simple. And I think it's not that uncommon.;Angelina Jolie;freedom
We must be willing to pay a price for freedom.;H. L. Mencken;freedom
Liberty cannot be preserved without general knowledge among the people.;John Adams;freedom
Perfect freedom is as necessary to the health and vigor of commerce as it is to the health and vigor of citizenship.;Patrick Henry;freedom
Real freedom is having nothing. I was freer when I didn't have a cent.;Mike Tyson;freedom
Is freedom anything else than the right to live as we wish? Nothing else.;Epictetus;freedom
For in the end, freedom is a personal and lonely battle and one faces down fears of today so that those of tomorrow might be engaged.;Alice Walker;freedom
The only freedom which deserves the name is that of pursuing our own good, in our own way, so long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs, or impede their efforts to obtain it.;John Stuart Mill;freedom
Freedom is a man's natural power of doing what he pleases, so far as he is not prevented by force or law.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;freedom
I hope for nothing. I fear nothing. I am free.;Nikos Kazantzakis;freedom
As long as men are free to ask what they must, free to say what they think, free to think what they will, freedom can never be lost and science can never regress.;Marcel Proust;freedom
Freedom and justice cannot be parceled out in pieces to suit political convenience. I don't believe you can stand for freedom for one group of people and deny it to others.;Coretta Scott King;freedom
Freedom is the sure possession of those alone who have the courage to defend it.;Pericles;freedom
There are two freedoms - the false, where a man is free to do what he likes the true, where he is free to do what he ought.;Charles Kingsley;freedom
Do not allow to slip away from you freedoms the people who came before you won with such hard knocks.;David Herbert Lawrence;freedom
I'm a big advocate of freedom: freedom of speech, freedom of expression, freedom of thought.;Jimmy Wales;freedom
We will not waver we will not tire we will not falter, and we will not fail. Peace and Freedom will prevail.;George W. Bush;freedom
None who have always been free can understand the terrible fascinating power of the hope of freedom to those who are not free.;Pearl S. Buck;freedom
All theory is against freedom of the will all experience for it.;Samuel Johnson;freedom
What is freedom of expression? Without the freedom to offend, it ceases to exist.;Salman Rushdie;freedom
May we think of freedom, not as the right to do as we please, but as the opportunity to do what is right.;Peter Marshall;freedom
Freedom is the only law which genius knows.;James Russell Lowell;freedom
You can only protect your liberties in this world by protecting the other man's freedom.;Clarence Darrow;freedom
Freedom is from within.;Frank Lloyd Wright;freedom
We are driven by five genetic needs: survival, love and belonging, power, freedom, and fun.;William Glasser;freedom
Freedom rings where opinions clash.;Adlai E. Stevenson;freedom
As human beings, we are endowed with freedom of choice, and we cannot shuffle off our responsibility upon the shoulders of God or nature. We must shoulder it ourselves. It is our responsibility.;Arnold J. Toynbee;freedom
Our freedom can be measured by the number of things we can walk away from.;Vernon Howard;freedom
In America, through pressure of conformity, there is freedom of choice, but nothing to choose from.;Peter Ustinov;freedom
I believe we are on an irreversible trend toward more freedom and democracy - but that could change.;Dan Quayle;freedom
Enslave the liberty of but one human being and the liberties of the world are put in peril.;William Lloyd Garrison;freedom
I believe in freedom of speech, but I believe we should also have the right to comment on freedom of speech.;Stockwell Day;freedom
Seek freedom and become captive of your desires. Seek discipline and find your liberty.;Frank Herbert;freedom
You cannot parcel out freedom in pieces because freedom is all or nothing.;Tertullian;freedom
Freedom is the oxygen of the soul.;Moshe Dayan;freedom
Freedom is absolutely necessary for the progress in science and the liberal arts.;Baruch Spinoza;freedom
