Stop this attitude that older people ain't any good anymore! We're as good as we ever were - if we ever were any good.;Dolly Parton;attitude
My attitude to peace is rather based on the Burmese definition of peace - it really means removing all the negative factors that destroy peace in this world. So peace does not mean just putting an end to violence or to war, but to all other factors that threaten peace, such as discrimination, such as inequality, poverty.;Aung San Suu Kyi;attitude
Your attitude is like a box of crayons that color your world. Constantly color your picture gray, and your picture will always be bleak. Try adding some bright colors to the picture by including humor, and your picture begins to lighten up.;Allen Klein;attitude
Crime is terribly revealing. Try and vary your methods as you will, your tastes, your habits, your attitude of mind, and your soul is revealed by your actions.;Agatha Christie;attitude
Some people say I have attitude - maybe I do... but I think you have to. You have to believe in yourself when no one else does - that makes you a winner right there.;Venus Williams;attitude
The minute you try to talk business with him he takes the attitude that he is a gentleman and a scholar, and the moment you try to approach him on the level of his moral integrity he starts to talk business.;Raymond Chandler;attitude
Stiletto, I look at it more as an attitude as opposed to a high-heeled shoe.;Lita Ford;attitude
If somebody says no to you, or if you get cut, Michael Jordan was cut his first year, but he came back and he was the best ever. That is what you have to have. The attitude that I'm going to show everybody, I'm going to work hard to get better and better.;Magic Johnson;attitude
When you have vision it affects your attitude. Your attitude is optimistic rather than pessimistic.;Charles R. Swindoll;attitude
What matters to me is that I do what I think is right and I see, I'm a numbers guy, that's my attitude. I know we have a debt tsunami coming, we are bankrupting this country and I'm in a position where I can actually advance ideas to prevent that from happening. That's exactly what I should be doing.;Paul Ryan;attitude
I developed a nutty attitude where I'd think, If some guy really loves me he doesn't care if I'm fat. I'd come up with all these stupid reasons why it would be OK to be fat.;Kirstie Alley;attitude
Really you just gotta keep chugging along and keep a positive attitude and get through all the problems. You gotta face them, otherwise you don't get through.;Lesley Gore;attitude
Solidarity is an attitude of resistance, I suppose, or it should be.;Christopher Hitchens;attitude
There's always the motivation of wanting to win. Everybody has that. But a champion needs, in his attitude, a motivation above and beyond winning.;Pat Riley;attitude
Americans are the most generous country on the planet. I've worked in Europe, I've worked in Australia. There is no where else where you get absolutely no attitude for being a foreigner. If you do your job well, they embrace you.;Hugh Jackman;attitude
When I go to the clinic next and sit with a tube in my arm and watch the poison go in, I'm in an attitude of abject passivity. It doesn't feel like fighting at all it just feels like submitting.;Christopher Hitchens;attitude
Our judgments judge us, and nothing reveals us, exposes our weaknesses, more ingeniously than the attitude of pronouncing upon our fellows.;Paul Valery;attitude
Pessimism only describes an attitude, and not facts, and hence is entirely subjective.;Francis Parker Yockey;attitude
I was kicked out of school because of my attitude. I was not assimilating. So I went to work, taking any jobs I could get.;Richard Pryor;attitude
A lot of times I find that people who are blessed with the most talent don't ever develop that attitude, and the ones who aren't blessed in that way are the most competitive and have the biggest heart.;Tom Brady;attitude
So long as you've got your friends about you, and a good positive attitude, you don't really have to care what everyone else thinks.;Gail Porter;attitude
I separated from the Southern Baptists when they adopted the discriminatory attitude towards women, because I believe what Paul taught in Galatians that there is no distinction in God's eyes between men and women, slaves and masters, Jews and non-Jews - everybody is created equally in the eyes of God.;Jimmy Carter;attitude
My attitude toward men who mess around is simple: If you find 'em, kill 'em.;Loretta Lynn;attitude
Prayer is talking with God. God knows your heart and is not so concerned with your words as He is with the attitude of your heart.;Josh McDowell;attitude
You can't study comedy it's within you. It's a personality. My humor is an attitude.;Don Rickles;attitude
You call to a dog and a dog will break its neck to get to you. Dogs just want to please. Call to a cat and its attitude is, 'What's in it for me?';Lewis Grizzard;attitude
The compulsion to do good is an innate American trait. Only North Americans seem to believe that they always should, may, and actually can choose somebody with whom to share their blessings. Ultimately this attitude leads to bombing people into the acceptance of gifts.;Ivan Illich;attitude
I keep guitars that are, you know, the neck's a little bit bent and it's a little bit out of tune. I want to work and battle it and conquer it and make it express whatever attitude I have at that moment. I want it to be a struggle.;Jack White;attitude
Most of my arguments with musicians through the years have had more to do with their attitude about music, or their attitude about their own lives, or their personal responsibility. Music has never really been the big centerpiece of the fight.;Billy Corgan;attitude
I love everybody. One of the great things about me is that I have a very positive attitude.;Imelda Marcos;attitude
Mankind's true moral test, its fundamental test (which lies deeply buried from view), consists of its attitude towards those who are at its mercy: animals. And in this respect mankind has suffered a fundamental debacle, a debacle so fundamental that all others stem from it.;Milan Kundera;attitude
It's sort of a mental attitude about critical thinking and curiosity. It's about mindset of looking at the world in a playful and curious and creative way.;Adam Savage;attitude
Punk was defined by an attitude rather than a musical style.;David Byrne;attitude
It's a fundamental, social attitude that the 1% supports symphonies and operas and doesn't support Johnny learning to program hip-hop beats. When I put it like that, it sounds like, 'Well, yeah,' but you start to think, 'Why not, though?' What makes one more valuable than another?;David Byrne;attitude
I think people feel threatened by homosexuality. The problem isn't about gay people, the problem is about the attitude towards gay people. People think that all gays are Hannibal Lecters. But gay people are sons and daughters, politicians and doctors, American heroes and daughters of American heroes.;Hollis Stacy;attitude
I have this theory that, depending on your attitude, your life doesn't have to become this ridiculous charade that it seems so many people end up living.;Christian Bale;attitude
It was just like a dream. I could have ended up with an album that's not all that different from anything else coming out of Nashville. Mutt made the difference. He took these songs, my attitude, my creativity, and colored them in a way that is unique.;Shania Twain;attitude
I look at Jagger and the like and if I see a good attitude I'll admire it but I wouldn't copy their style.;Michael Hutchence;attitude
My attitude is never to be satisfied, never enough, never.;Duke Ellington;attitude
Today's youth are told to get rich or die trying and they really shouldn't take that attitude forward with them.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;attitude
The purely agitational attitude is not good enough for a detailed consideration of a subject.;Jawaharlal Nehru;attitude
Not every religion has to have St. Augustine's attitude to sex. Why even in our culture marriages are celebrated in a church, everyone present knows what is going to happen that night, but that doesn't prevent it being a religious ceremony.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;attitude
Never refuse an assignment except when there is a conflict of interest, a potential of danger to you or your family, or you hold a strongly biased attitude about the subject under focus.;Jessica Savitch;attitude
We can revolutionize the attitude of inner city brown and black kids to learning. We need a civil rights movement within the African-American community.;Henry Louis Gates;attitude
It's a question of keeping one's eyes and ears open and watching how other people play the game. They're watching me too, to see what my attitude is like.;Charles Dance;attitude
Yes, we're still five little people with a noisy attitude.;Angus Young;attitude
In individual industries where female labour pays an important role, any movement advocating better wages, shorter working hours, etc., would not be doomed from the start because of the attitude of those women workers who are not organized.;Clara Zetkin;attitude
On 'Van Halen,' I was a young punk, and everything revolved around the fastest kid in town, gunslinger attitude. But I'd say that at the time of 'Fair Warning,' I started concentrating more on songwriting. But I guess in most people's minds I'm just a gunslinger.;Eddie Van Halen;attitude
Design is about point of view, and there should be some sort of woman or lifestyle or attitude in one's head as a designer.;Vera Wang;attitude
Liberalism is an attitude rather than a set of dogmas - an attitude that insists upon questioning all plausible and self-evident propositions, seeking not to reject them but to find out what evidence there is to support them rather than their possible alternatives.;Morris Raphael Cohen;attitude
The Dolls were an attitude. If nothing else they were a great attitude.;Johnny Thunders;attitude
I was impressed by Hendrix. His attitude was brilliant. Even the way he walked was amazing.;Ritchie Blackmore;attitude
The best way to inspire people to superior performance is to convince them by everything you do and by your everyday attitude that you are wholeheartedly supporting them.;Harold S. Geneen;attitude
I think it's your mental attitude. So many of us start dreading age in high school and that's a waste of a lovely life. 'Oh... I'm 30, oh, I'm 40, oh, 50.' Make the most of it.;Betty White;attitude
The attitude that nature is chaotic and that the artist puts order into it is a very absurd point of view, I think. All that we can hope for is to put some order into ourselves.;Willem de Kooning;attitude
Britishness is just a way of putting things together and a certain don't care attitude about clothes. You don't care, you just do it and it looks great.;Vivienne Westwood;attitude
It remains to consider what attitude thoughtful men and Christian believers should take respecting them, and how they stand related to beliefs of another order.;Asa Gray;attitude
Surfers have the most attitude.;Shaun White;attitude
I've never run into a guy who could win at the top level in anything today and didn't have the right attitude, didn't give it everything he had, at least while he was doing it wasn't prepared and didn't have the whole program worked out.;Ted Turner;attitude
That's what I love from metal, and that's what I love from hip-hop. That's what I love from any music that's hard, that's got an edge to it-The attitude in it.;Kid Rock;attitude
That attitude that fighting is probably not fair, but you have to defend yourself anyway and damage the enemy, has been profoundly consequential as far as my political activism goes.;June Jordan;attitude
Seek out that particular mental attribute which makes you feel most deeply and vitally alive, along with which comes the inner voice which says, 'This is the real me,' and when you have found that attitude, follow it.;James Truslow Adams;attitude
People think, 'She's a model. She must have such an attitude. She must be so stuck up.' But I'm normal. I cry. I'm not rich. I drive a 1987 Chevrolet Celebrity.;Summer Altice;attitude
My grandfather was a man, when he talked about freedom, his attitude was really interesting. His view was that you had obligations or you had responsibilities, and when you fulfilled those obligations or responsibilities, that then gave you the liberty to do other things.;Clarence Thomas;attitude
I think failure is nothing more than life's way of nudging you that you are off course. My attitude to failure is not attached to outcome, but in not trying. It is liberating. Most people attach failure to something not working out or how people perceive you. This way, it is about answering to yourself.;Sara Blakely;attitude
Part of our western outlook stems from the scientific attitude and its method of isolating the parts of a phenomenon in order to analyze them.;Arthur Erickson;attitude
There is a single thread of attitude, a single direction of flow, that joins our present time to its early burgeoning in Mediterranean civilization.;Arthur Erickson;attitude
We live in a country that used to have a can-do attitude, and now we have a 'what-can-you-do-for-me?' attitude, and what I try to do is find ways that we can develop common ground.;Benjamin Carson;attitude
Could we change our attitude, we should not only see life differently, but life itself would come to be different.;Katherine Mansfield;attitude
The ideal attitude is to be physically loose and mentally tight.;Arthur Ashe;attitude
An attitude to life which seeks fulfillment in the single-minded pursuit of wealth - in short, materialism - does not fit into this world, because it contains within itself no limiting principle, while the environment in which it is placed is strictly limited.;E. F. Schumacher;attitude
You may not be able to change a situation, but with humor you can change your attitude about it.;Allen Klein;attitude
What was past was past. I suppose that was the general attitude.;V. S. Naipaul;attitude
Iraq is just a symbol of the attitude of western democracies to the rest of the world.;Harold Pinter;attitude
I don't mean this in a stuck-up way, but I needed an attitude song.;Gwen Stefani;attitude
I met my grandfather just before he died, and it was the first time that I had seen Dad with a relative of his. It was interesting to see my own father as a son and the body language and alteration in attitude that comes with that, and it sort of changed our relationship for the better.;Christian Bale;attitude
I don't think it's a good attitude in your life to feel that you have to be rich to have self-esteem.;Tom Petty;attitude
All we need, really, is a change from a near frigid to a tropical attitude of mind.;Marjory Stoneman Douglas;attitude
An aristocratic culture does not advertise its emotions. In its forms of expression it is sober and reserved. Its general attitude is stoic.;Johan Huizinga;attitude
I was impressed by Hendrix. Not so much by his playing, as his attitude - he wasn't a great player, but everything else about him was brilliant.;Ritchie Blackmore;attitude
Attitude is attitude, whether you're a West Coast gangster or East Coast gangster, you know?;Paul Walker;attitude
You know, I always say white is not a colour, white is an attitude, and if you haven't got trillions of dollars in the bank that you don't need, you can't be white.;Dick Gregory;attitude
Being a part of SKECHERS is exciting. It is such a hip company with a great attitude and image.;Carrie Underwood;attitude
It is precisely the purpose of the public opinion generated by the press to make the public incapable of judging, to insinuate into it the attitude of someone irresponsible, uninformed.;Walter Benjamin;attitude
Coaches will eventually notice a great attitude, and they respect that.;Heather O'Reilly;attitude
The novelist teaches the reader to comprehend the world as a question. There is wisdom and tolerance in that attitude. In a world built on sacrosanct certainties the novel is dead.;Milan Kundera;attitude
No one's going to be able to operate without a grounding in the basic sciences. Language would be helpful, although English is becoming increasingly international. And travel. You have to have a global attitude.;Rupert Murdoch;attitude
My second husband believed I had such a fickle attitude to friendship that each Friday he would update the list of my 'Top Ten' friends in the manner of a Top Of The Pops chart countdown.;Julie Burchill;attitude
If you can kill animals, the same attitude can kill human beings. The mentality is the same which exploits nature and which creates wars.;Satish Kumar;attitude
My attitude is, do as much as I can while I'm free. And if I'm arrested I'll still do as much as I can.;Aung San Suu Kyi;attitude
There are a lot of movies I'd like to throw away. That's not to say that I went in with that attitude. Any film I ever started, I went in with all the hope and best intentions in the world, but some films just don't work.;Kiefer Sutherland;attitude
By making a comeback, I'm changing the attitude of people toward me. If I'd known that people would react so enthusiastically, I'd have done it years ago.;Mark Spitz;attitude
Today, I think the attitude is that governing is not necessarily good politics, and the result is that it's much more partisan and much more divided.;Leon Panetta;attitude
That term's definitely got a negative aura to it, because people think a diva is somebody with an attitude who demands things all the time. Of course there is that type of diva, but my idea of a diva has always been a singer - whether male or female - who gets on that stage and captivates you with their presence and their voice.;Jordin Sparks;attitude
Oh, I don't think Tom Sowell would tell anybody to join the administration. That's not his style. But I think his attitude has always been if it had to be done he'd prefer me to do it than somebody else.;Clarence Thomas;attitude
The Senator from Massachusetts has given us ample grounds to doubt the judgment and the attitude he brings to bear on vital issues of national security.;Dick Cheney;attitude
I perfectly understood President Obama's attitude throughout the French presidential campaign. He had no reason to distance himself from Nicolas Sarkozy. It's the basic solidarity that leaders who worked together owe to each other.;Francois Hollande;attitude
I think it has something to do with being British. We don't take ourselves as seriously as some other countries do. I think a lot of people take themselves far too seriously I find that a very tedious attitude.;Joan Collins;attitude
I failed the LSAT. Basically, if I had not failed, I'd have been a lawyer and there would be no Spanx. I think failure is nothing more than life's way of nudging you that you are off course. My attitude to failure is not attached to outcome, but in not trying. It is liberating.;Sara Blakely;attitude
