There is a huge need and a huge opportunity to get everyone in the world connected, to give everyone a voice and to help transform society for the future. The scale of the technology and infrastructure that must be built is unprecedented, and we believe this is the most important problem we can focus on.;Mark Zuckerberg;future
After the Berlin Wall came down I visited that city and I will never forget it. The abandoned checkpoints. The sense of excitement about the future. The knowledge that a great continent was coming together. Healing those wounds of our history is the central story of the European Union.;David Cameron;future
I think I'm going to be making country records for as long as I can see into the future. It's much more down-home and real.;Neil Young;future
President Obama has offered a plan with 4 trillion dollars in debt reduction over a decade, with two and a half dollars of spending reductions for every one dollar of revenue increases, and tight controls on future spending. It's the kind of balanced approach proposed by the bipartisan Simpson-Bowles commission.;William J. Clinton;future
If you want a future of shared prosperity, where the middle class is growing and poverty is declining, where the American Dream is alive and well, and where the United States remains the leading force for peace and prosperity in a highly competitive world, you should vote for Barack Obama.;William J. Clinton;future
Frontiersmen good and bad, gunmen as well as inspired prophets of the future, have been my camp companions. Thus, I know the country of which I am about to write as few men now living have known it.;Buffalo Bill;future
There are times when even the most potent governor must wink at transgression, in order to preserve the laws inviolate for the future.;Herman Melville;future
The attack on ObamaCare was that Congress does not have the power under the Commerce Clause to force a private citizen into a private contractual relationship. If such a thing is permitted to stand, the anti-ObamaCare forces argue, there will be no limit to Congress's power in the future.;John Podhoretz;future
While negativity is politically useful, it is also demoralizing unless it is accompanied - and to some extent overshadowed - by elevated and inspiring ideas about the American future.;John Podhoretz;future
If I can create some space that people haven't experienced before and if it stays with them or gives them a dream for the future, that's the kind of structure I seek to create.;Tadao Ando;future
We must depend upon the Boy Scout Movement to produce the MEN of the future.;Daniel Carter Beard;future
Fascism is not in itself a new order of society. It is the future refusing to be born.;Aneurin Bevan;future
Freedom is secured every day by our men and women in uniform. We must build a future worthy of their sacrifice.;Nancy Pelosi;future
A coldly rationalist individualist can deny that he has any obligation to make sacrifices for the future.;Garrett Hardin;future
The future, like everything else, is not what it used to be.;Paul Valery;future
After the final no there comes a yes and on that yes the future of the world hangs.;Wallace Stevens;future
Scientific research and other studies have demonstrated that arts education can enhance American students' math and language skills and improve test scores which in turn increase chances of higher education and good jobs in the future.;Thad Cochran;future
Traditionalists are pessimists about the future and optimists about the past.;Lewis Mumford;future
Our politics are our deepest form of expression: they mirror our past experiences and reflect our dreams and aspirations for the future.;Paul Wellstone;future
When you realize the value of all life, you dwell less on what is past and concentrate more on the preservation of the future.;Dian Fossey;future
The politics of partisanship and the resulting inaction and excuses have paralyzed decision-making, primarily at the federal level, and the big issues of the day are not being addressed, leaving our future in jeopardy.;Michael Bloomberg;future
To love someone is to isolate him from the world, wipe out every trace of him, dispossess him of his shadow, drag him into a murderous future. It is to circle around the other like a dead star and absorb him into a black light.;Jean Baudrillard;future
Young people can get very discouraged and get hooked on drugs or on alcohol because of problems they perceive as insurmountable. It is important that they realize a mistake need not ruin their future, but they must also know that not everything in life is a bed of roses.;Maureen Forrester;future
As a child is indulged or checked in its early follies, a ground is generally laid for the happiness or misery of the future man.;Samuel Richardson;future
I love wushu a lot and I would love to see it included in future Olympic Games.;Jackie Chan;future
An author is a fool who, not content with boring those he lives with, insists on boring future generations.;Charles de Montesquieu;future
The global economic outlook remains fragile and uncertain. Global economic imbalances persist and we must address them or risk future instability.;Julia Gillard;future
The end of the trial and the 'not guilty' verdicts on all counts, clearing Michael of all charges, mean that he can now concentrate on the future and his art.;LaToya Jackson;future
Most of the media... is positioning the merger with Compaq and the recent actions by Walter Hewlett and David Packard as a fight between the past and the future.;Carly Fiorina;future
I don't think we're going to see the price of oil going down in the near future, that's the reality.;Carly Fiorina;future
I hate those e-books. They cannot be the future. They may well be.;Maurice Sendak;future
We must reinvent a future free of blinders so that we can choose from real options.;David Suzuki;future
The best thing about the future is that it comes only one day at a time.;Dean Acheson;future
All cities do face similar, significant trends in the future... most importantly global warming and climate change.;Cate Blanchett;future
It is hard to say what the future holds, but this is probable - it won't be just like the past.;Tony Campolo;future
I'm sure that there are reasonable people that had some reasonable projections about the future of New Orleans, but none of those could include not trying to rebuild the city and make it better than it was before.;Harry Connick, Jr.;future
The social object of skilled investment should be to defeat the dark forces of time and ignorance which envelope our future.;John Maynard Keynes;future
The Nautilus was piercing the water with its sharp spur, after having accomplished nearly ten thousand leagues in three months and a half, a distance greater than the great circle of the earth. Where were we going now, and what was reserved for the future?;Jules Verne;future
The White House isn't the place to learn how to deal with international crisis, the balance of power, war and peace, and the economic future of the next generation.;Joe Biden;future
Our future cannot depend on the government alone. The ultimate solutions lie in the attitudes and the actions of the American people.;Joe Biden;future
My future's about trying to be a better man.;Terrence Howard;future
I'm pro-life. I'll do all I can to see every baby is created with a future and potential. The legislature should do all it can to protect human life.;Sarah Palin;future
I am neither a sociologist nor a politician. All I can do is imagine for myself what the future will be like.;Michelangelo Antonioni;future
I never think of the future. I never imagine what comes next.;Jessica Lange;future
I look forward to a time, in the not so distant future, when we no longer look forward to 'firsts' as milestones women have yet to achieve, but we look back on them as historic events that continue to teach and inspire.;Dee Dee Myers;future
People talk about doom-laden scenarios happening in the future: they are happening in Africa now. You can see it perfectly clearly. Periodic famines are due to too many people living on land that can't sustain them.;David Attenborough;future
We do not know enough about how the present will lead into the future.;Gregory Bateson;future
The Fuhrer alone is the present and future German reality and its law. Learn to know ever more deeply: from now on every single thing demands decision, and every action responsibility.;Martin Heidegger;future
We would fight not for the political future of a distant city, rather for principles whose destruction would ruin the possibility of peace and security for the peoples of the earth.;Neville Chamberlain;future
More is required of public officials than slogans and handshakes and press releases. More is required. We must hold ourselves strictly accountable. We must provide the people with a vision of the future.;Barbara Jordan;future
I honestly don't know, but if America continues to refuse to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions, I see a bleak future not only for American society, but for the world as a whole. This is a global problem that is not going away, and the United States is an obstacle to solving it.;Peter Singer;future
I just can't wait for the future.;Amanda Seyfried;future
Inspiring scenes of people taking the future of their countries into their own hands will ignite greater demands for good governance and political reform elsewhere in the world, including in Asia and in Africa.;William Hague;future
The EU is not a country and it's not going to become a country, in my view, now or ever in the future. It is a group of countries working together.;William Hague;future
The Christian of the future will be a mystic or he will not exist at all.;Karl Rahner;future
America's future will be determined by the home and the school. The child becomes largely what he is taught hence we must watch what we teach, and how we live.;Jane Addams;future
And that's how we build the economy of the future. An economy with more jobs and less debt, we root it in fairness. We grow it with opportunity. And we build it together.;Elizabeth Warren;future
Adolescence represents an inner emotional upheaval, a struggle between the eternal human wish to cling to the past and the equally powerful wish to get on with the future.;Louise J. Kaplan;future
John wrote with a very deep love for the human race and a concern for its future.;Yoko Ono;future
I have been judged to be a pessimist but what abyss of ignorance and low egoism is not hidden in one who thinks that Man is the god of himself and that his future can only be triumphant?;Eugenio Montale;future
You can't let your past hold your future hostage.;LL Cool J;future
We're not planning for the future. If we continue to spend ourselves into oblivion, we are going to destroy this nation.;Benjamin Carson;future
Man has a limited biological capacity for change. When this capacity is overwhelmed, the capacity is in future shock.;Alvin Toffler;future
One faces the future with one's past.;Pearl S. Buck;future
As a kid, I'd go into the bathroom when I was having a tantrum. I'd be in the bathroom crying, studying myself in the mirror. I was preparing for future roles.;Adam Sandler;future
It is the business of the future to be dangerous and it is among the merits of science that it equips the future for its duties.;Alfred North Whitehead;future
The task of a university is the creation of the future, so far as rational thought and civilized modes of appreciation can affect the issue.;Alfred North Whitehead;future
I'd like to think that the actions we take today will allow others in the future to discover the wonders of landscapes we helped protect but never had the chance to enjoy ourselves.;Annie Leibovitz;future
A lot of people, including business leaders, think the future belongs to China. Globalization is not a zero-sum game, but we need to hone our skills to stay in play.;Jon Meacham;future
A globalized world is by now a familiar fact of life. Building walls or moats may sound appealing, but the future belongs to those who tend to their people and then boldly engage the rest of the world, near and far.;Jon Meacham;future
You control your future, your destiny. What you think about comes about. By recording your dreams and goals on paper, you set in motion the process of becoming the person you most want to be. Put your future in good hands - your own.;Mark Victor Hansen;future
In retrospect, the Millennium marked only a moment in time. It was the events of September 11 that marked a turning point in history, where we confront the dangers of the future and assess the choices facing humankind.;Tony Blair;future
In a time of tight budgets, difficult choices have to be made. We must make sure our very limited resources are spent on priorities. I believe we should have no higher priority than investing in our children's classrooms and in their future.;Bob Riley;future
For all my years in public life, I have believed that America must sail toward the shores of liberty and justice for all. There is no end to that journey, only the next great voyage. We know the future will outlast all of us, but I believe that all of us will live on in the future we make.;Edward Kennedy;future
My own nature hovers between neurotic and paranoid. I've developed the habit of mentally listing things that make me optimistic about the future. I do it every day.;Martha Beck;future
Anything you're trying to will is focused on the future it's always associated with some sort of anxiety that makes the present moment somewhat uncomfortable.;Martha Beck;future
Future orientation is combined with a notion and expectation of progress, and nothing is impossible.;Alan Dundes;future
Together we can and must fight for justice for our children and protect them from draconian tax cuts and budget choices that threaten their survival, education and preparation for the future. If they are not ready for tomorrow, neither is America.;Marian Wright Edelman;future
Why does everyone think the future is space helmets, silver foil, and talking like computers, like a bad episode of Star Trek?;Tracey Ullman;future
Isn't it a shame that future generations can't be here to see all the wonderful things we're doing with their money?;Earl Wilson;future
A lost election can have the jolt of a drop through the gallows door, leading to a dark night of the soul in which the future presses down like a cloud that will never lift.;James Wolcott;future
As we divest ourselves of once familiar physical objects - digitize and dematerialize - we approach a 'Star Trek' future in which everything can be accessed from the fourth dimension with a few clicks or terse audibles.;James Wolcott;future
In rising financial markets, the world is forever new. The bull or optimist has no eyes for past or present, but only for the future, where streams of revenue play in his imagination.;James Buchan;future
For 50 years, nuclear power stations have produced three products which only a lunatic could want: bomb-explosive plutonium, lethal radioactive waste and electricity so dear it has to be heavily subsidised. They leave to future generations the task, and most of the cost, of making safe sites that have been polluted half-way to eternity.;James Buchan;future
For my future I have no concern, and as a true philosopher, I never would have any, for I know not what it may be: as a Christian, on the other hand, faith must believe without discussion, and the stronger it is, the more it keeps silent.;Giacomo Casanova;future
I launched The Emeril Lagasse Foundation to provide culinary training, and developmental and educational programs to children in the cities where my restaurants operate. I think everyone has a responsibility to give back to the community if they can, and to help future generations learn new skills.;Emeril Lagasse;future
The future is a bright as the promises of God.;Adoniram Judson;future
The future battle on the ground will be preceded by battle in the air. This will determine which of the contestants has to suffer operational and tactical disadvantages and be forced throughout the battle into adoption compromise solutions.;Erwin Rommel;future
You mustn't take what I say as gospel because no one can second-guess the future.;James Lovelock;future
Seek not to know what must not be reveal, for joy only flows where fate is most concealed. A busy person would find their sorrows much more if future fortunes were known before!;John Dryden;future
Existence is no more than the precarious attainment of relevance in an intensely mobile flux of past, present, and future.;Susan Sontag;future
I do not think white America is committed to granting equality to the American Negro. This is a passionately racist country it will continue to be so in the foreseeable future.;Susan Sontag;future
Africa has no future.;V. S. Naipaul;future
We have a positive vision of the future founded on the belief that the gap between the promise and reality of America can one day be finally closed. We believe that.;Barbara Jordan;future
A government is invigorated when each of us is willing to participate in shaping the future of this nation.;Barbara Jordan;future
The security and the future of Jordan is hand-in-hand with the future of the Palestinians and the Israelis.;King Abdullah II;future
Such is the miraculous nature of the future of exiles: what is first uttered in the impotence of an overheated apartment becomes the fate of nations.;Salman Rushdie;future
Planning ahead is a measure of class. The rich and even the middle class plan for future generations, but the poor can plan ahead only a few weeks or days.;Gloria Steinem;future
Sometime in the future - 25, 50, 75 years hence - what will the situation be like then? By that time the Chinese will have the capability of delivery too.;Curtis LeMay;future
