I have a theory that the secret of marital happiness is simple: drink in different pubs to your other half.;Jilly Cooper;happiness
There may be Peace without Joy, and Joy without Peace, but the two combined make Happiness.;John Buchan;happiness
Well may the boldest fear and the wisest tremble when incurring responsibilities on which may depend our country's peace and prosperity, and in some degree the hopes and happiness of the whole human family.;James K. Polk;happiness
An order of government, established by such an all-wise, powerful being, must be good and perfect, and must be calculated to promote the permanent peace, happiness, and well-being of all his subjects.;Orson Pratt;happiness
Michael has a connection with children, just like Mickey Mouse does, and he brings happiness to them, and joy.;Jermaine Jackson;happiness
May there always be peace, love and happiness in every house.;Islom Karimov;happiness
One's happiness depends less on what he knows than on what he feels.;Liberty Hyde Bailey;happiness
If kind parents love their children and delight in their happiness, then he who is perfect goodness in sending abroad mortal contagions doth assuredly direct their use.;John Woolman;happiness
Every age has its happiness and troubles.;Jeanne Calment;happiness
Happiness is not a possession to be prized, it is a quality of thought, a state of mind.;Daphne du Maurier;happiness
Traveling is the ruin of all happiness! There's no looking at a building after seeing Italy.;Fanny Burney;happiness
As long as you are being true to yourself, you will always find happiness.;Amber Riley;happiness
I'm an inherently happy person. It comes from the inside, which means you can achieve happiness under any circumstance.;Patrick Duffy;happiness
The secret of happiness is to find a congenial monotony.;V. S. Pritchett;happiness
Happiness consists not in having much, but in being content with little.;Marguerite Gardiner;happiness
I was as happy doing theater in New York for little or no money as I am now doing television for more money. The happiness, I guess, comes out of it being a good job. The success has to do with the fact that it's a good job that will continue.;David Hyde Pierce;happiness
Our nation was founded on the principals of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.;Leonard Boswell;happiness
The United States are a political state, or organized society, whose end is government, for the security, welfare, and happiness of all who live under its protection.;William H. Seward;happiness
As a bookish child in Calcutta, I used to thrill to the adventures of bad girls whose pursuit of happiness swept them outside the bounds of social decency. Tess of the d'Urbervilles, Emma Bovary and Anna Karenina lived large in my imagination. The naughty girls of Hollywood films flirted and knew how to drive.;Bharati Mukherjee;happiness
Success can create more madness than happiness.;Billy Ocean;happiness
I ask the rights to pursue happiness by having a voice in that government to which I am accountable.;Victoria Woodhull;happiness
The secret of happiness is: Find something more important than you are and dedicate your life to it.;Daniel Dennett;happiness
Happiness is being on the beam with life - to feel the pull of life.;Agnes Martin;happiness
There is no such thing as the pursuit of happiness, but there is the discovery of joy.;Joyce Grenfell;happiness
My family didn't have a lot of money, and I'm grateful for that. Money is the longest route to happiness.;Evangeline Lilly;happiness
I always had a larger view. I'm interested in real life - my family, my friends. I have tried never to define myself by my success, whatever that is. My happiness is way beyond roles and awards.;Amy Adams;happiness
Before the boat docked, however, he confessed because he was contemplating running for president, he couldn't separate from his wife. I believed him when he told me he faced a difficult choice between pursuing personal happiness and his political destiny.;Donna Rice;happiness
So many people have said that to me, that what they really like about Alex is what she brings out in Marissa, and what this situation brings out in her, a hint of happiness and another side to her character.;Olivia Wilde;happiness
Leibniz dedicated his life to efforts to educate people to understand that true happiness is found by locating their identity in benefitting mankind and their posterity.;Robert Trout;happiness
Being rich and famous isn't all happiness and at times the pressures have got to me.;Annni-Frid Lyngstad;happiness
I always looked for a man to rescue me and bring me happiness. I bought into that myth, of course, and looked for my own Prince Charming.;Linda Evans;happiness
For all its terrible faults, in one sense America is still the last, best hope of mankind, because it spells out so vividly the kind of happiness that most people actually want, regardless of what they are told they ought to want.;Ferdinand Mount;happiness
Virtue is simply happiness, and happiness is a by-product of function. You are happy when you are functioning.;William Burroughs;happiness
Fancy the happiness of Pinocchio on finding himself free! Without saying yes or no, he fled from the city and set out on the road that was to take him back to the house of the lovely Fairy.;Carlo Collodi;happiness
The folly of endless consumerism sends us on a wild goose-chase for happiness through materialism.;Bryant McGill;happiness
There is no happiness outside of ourselves.;Bryant McGill;happiness
I have kids and I want to have a long life and there are certain things that are conducive to that and certain things that aren't. I've opted for the road of happiness and long life.;Ethan Suplee;happiness
I keep mementos from everything I've done. I've got my cab driver's license from 'Happiness.' I've got a pair of glasses and a belt buckle from playing John Lennon. I've got a pair of sunglasses from playing Andy Warhol... It's all in a box in the garage.;Jared Harris;happiness
Vegas means comedy, tragedy, happiness and sadness all at the same time.;Artie Lange;happiness
He who never sacrificed a present to a future good or a personal to a general one can speak of happiness only as the blind do of colors.;Olympia Brown;happiness
It is our happiness to live under the government of a PRINCE who is satisfied with ruling according to law as every other good prince will - We enjoy under his administration all the liberty that is proper and expedient for us.;Jonathan Mayhew;happiness
Character is power it makes friends, draws patronage and support and opens the way to wealth, honor and happiness.;John Howe;happiness
We all of us deserve happiness or none of us does.;Mary Gordon;happiness
You always hear the phrase, money doesn't buy you happiness. But I always in the back of my mind figured a lot of money will buy you a little bit of happiness. But it's not really true. I got a new car because the old one's lease expired.;Sergey Brin;happiness
The sexes were made for each other, and only in the wise and loving union of the two is the fullness of health and duty and happiness to be expected.;William Hall;happiness
For Mythology is the handmaid of literature and literature is one of the best allies of virtue and promoters of happiness.;Thomas Bulfinch;happiness
I've never seen an obese person who has said, 'I am well in my mind.' Happiness stops food being a compensation.;Pierre Dukan;happiness
Happiness, to some, elation Is, to others, mere stagnation.;Amy Lowell;happiness
I'm interested in the dark side of man. I'm interested in taboos, and murder is the greatest taboo. Characters are fascinating in their extremity, not in their happiness.;Elizabeth George;happiness
I'd learned how much happiness money can bring you. Very little.;Rick Pitino;happiness
Happiness is the real sense of fulfillment that comes from hard work.;Joseph Barbara;happiness
I have a talent for happiness. I look with the eyes of a painter, and I see beauty.;Sylvia Kristel;happiness
The one happiness is to shut one's door upon a little room, with a table before one, and to create to create life in that isolation from life.;Eleanora Duse;happiness
The groundwork of all happiness is health.;Leigh Hunt;happiness
It's good to follow the path of personal happiness to some extent. People tend to get upset however when you drive a steamroller down it.;Simon Travaglia;happiness
Happiness consists in activity. It is running steam, not a stagnant pool.;John Mason Good;happiness
The pursuit of happiness is in our Constitution. We're all entitled to have the best we can.;Loretta Swit;happiness
See to do good, and you will find that happiness will run after you.;James Freeman Clarke;happiness
To me, flowers are happiness.;Stefano Gabbana;happiness
We all have to work for happiness. And you cannot listen to other people. That is the worst mistake you can make.;Jillian Michaels;happiness
Happiness consumes itself like a flame. It cannot burn for ever, it must go out, and the presentiment of its end destroys it at its very peak.;August Strindberg;happiness
Money can't buy happiness.;Howard Hughes;happiness
Marriage is wild. I thought it was this perfect land of happiness and joy. Wrong! After you say you do, you don't for a long time.;John Leguizamo;happiness
If you can measure success in this business based on happiness alone I feel like I've hit the lottery.;Justin Long;happiness
Experienced happiness refers to your feelings, to how happy you are as you live your life. In contrast, the satisfaction of the remembering self refers to your feelings when you think about your life.;Daniel Kahneman;happiness
I believe economic growth should translate into the happiness and progress of all. Along with it, there should be development of art and culture, literature and education, science and technology. We have to see how to harness the many resources of India for achieving common good and for inclusive growth.;Pratibha Patil;happiness
So I decided to move that scene in the doctor's office to two-thirds into the movie, after the viewers had come to know Ryan and Ali and share in their happiness.;Arthur Hiller;happiness
What happiness is there which is not purchased with more or less of pain?;Margaret Oliphant;happiness
If you asked somebody, 'what do you wish for in life?' they wouldn't say 'happiness.' I would have answered 'excitement, knowledge,' God knows - I mean, many, many different things, but certainly not 'happiness'. It seemed like a foreign concept to wish for something that specific and that singular.;Connie Nielsen;happiness
As long as you understand that you find happiness through family, friends and love, then money is just a nice bonus.;Ioan Gruffudd;happiness
90%, 100% are going there to hear the singing. The story is another thing. Nobody's interested in the story. Happiness is happiness.;Cab Calloway;happiness
Even when there are times that we're not happy, happiness will creep in.;Dyan Cannon;happiness
It is great happiness to be praised of them who are most praiseworthy.;Philip Sidney;happiness
Law is stable the societies we are speaking of are progressive. The greater or less happiness of a people depends on the degree of promptitude with which the gulf is narrowed.;Henry James Sumner Maine;happiness
In my life I've learned that true happiness comes from giving. Helping others along the way makes you evaluate who you are. I think that love is what we're all searching for. I haven't come across anyone who didn't become a better person through love.;Marla Gibbs;happiness
The truth is that relative income is not directly related to happiness. Nonpartisan social-survey data clearly show that the big driver of happiness is earned success: a person's belief that he has created value in his life or the life of others.;Arthur C. Brooks;happiness
I don't know why my smile has become a signature pose. I think it's a nice change. I think people want to see happiness, so a smile is what can bring that. I didn't make it my trademark on purpose.;Arizona Muse;happiness
Happiness is when you love who you are and you are able to accept yourself and others.;Bar Refaeli;happiness
It is the people who can do nothing who find nothing to do, and the secret to happiness in this world is not only to be useful, but to be forever elevating one's uses.;Sarah Orne Jewett;happiness
Clothes are my drug. I love Camden market - I have so many vintage pieces from there it's unbelievable. Clothes are really important to me, they give me that feeling of happiness. I love being a bit free with it all and not giving myself rules.;Kaya Scodelario;happiness
Since, therefore, no man is born without faults, and he is esteemed the best whose errors are the least, let the wise man consider everything human as connected with himself for in worldly affairs there is no perfect happiness under heaven.;Giraldus Cambrensis;happiness
The thing is, when I had my first success it did coincide with the end of my first marriage, and because I went on to have a very, very unhappy two years, I don't think I equate career success with personal happiness.;Rob Brydon;happiness
We hear of the wealth of nations, of the powers of production, of the demand and supply of markets, and we forget that these words mean no more, if they mean any thing, then the happiness, and the labor, and the necessities of men.;Francis Wright;happiness
That which makes people dissatisfied with their condition, is the chimerical idea they form of the happiness of others.;James Thomson;happiness
With respect to the first of these obstacles, it has often been made a matter of grave complaint against Political Economists, that they confine their attention to Wealth, and disregard all consideration of Happiness or Virtue.;Nassau William Senior;happiness
I've done an informal, anecdotal survey about marriage, and I've found no evidence that it brings happiness.;Mary McCormack;happiness
I find happiness comes from numerous sources in my life. Most often, the happy moments I cherish most are quiet moments with my wife and family back home in Nova Scotia.;Peter MacKay;happiness
The applause was so loud and insistent that I had to respond with several encores. I was numb with happiness, when it was over, I knew that this alone must be my life and my world.;Leni Riefenstahl;happiness
Although one may fail to find happiness in theatrical life, one never wishes to give it up after having once tasted its fruits.;Anna Pavlova;happiness
My grandmother had six kids - one died as an infant - and she was dirt-poor, and all her kids got an education. And my mom grew up poor. And they both worked so hard and cultivated so much of their own happiness. I wanted to have that like an amulet. Not like armor, but like a magic feather. Like Dumbo's magic feather.;Lucy Alibar;happiness
The path I am trying so hard to follow is in fact the one that God my Father and His Son Jesus Christ want me to pursue. It has brought me deep happiness.;Clayton Christensen;happiness
This is why I belong, and why I believe. I commend to all this same search for happiness and for the truth.;Clayton Christensen;happiness
Heaven takes care that no man secures happiness by crime.;Vittorio Alfieri;happiness
To comprehend the Wisdom of this Injunction the better, and explain the Duty before us, it should be considered, that Government is the only Means by which human Happiness can be attained.;Charles Inglis;happiness
If we did not look to marriage as the principal source of happiness, fewer marriages would end in tears.;Anthony Storr;happiness
The fabric of North Carolina and what makes our state so special is our families and our common desire for a brighter future for our children. No matter what your family looks like, we all want the same thing for our families - happiness, health, prosperity, a bright future for our children and grandchildren.;Kay Hagan;happiness
We have arrived at that point of time in which we are forced to see our own humiliation, as a nation, and that a progression in this line cannot be a productive of happiness, private or public.;Henry Knox;happiness
Every moment of your life that is not a complete nightmare is happiness.;Merrill Markoe;happiness
Eternal principles that govern happiness apply equally to all.;Russell M. Nelson;happiness
