Never write an advertisement which you wouldn't want your family to read. You wouldn't tell lies to your own wife. Don't tell them to mine.;David Ogilvy;family
Growing up, I was taught that a man has to defend his family. When the wolf is trying to get in, you gotta stand in the doorway.;B. B. King;family
What I got which was unusual, especially as a child actress, was parents who believed that Hollywood was not that important. They told us education, family, health, all come first and they meant it.;Danica McKellar;family
All my freakouts have been pretty private and directed at family pets and/or people I have been dating for too short a time to freak out at in that way.;Lena Dunham;family
I think the family movie is very important to everybody right now.;Jackie Chan;family
I'm getting older now, so I should think about a family, but certainly not tomorrow.;Christina Ricci;family
I'm less worried about accomplishment - as younger people always can't help but be - and more concerned with spending my time well, spending time with my family, and reading, learning things.;Jonathan Safran Foer;family
If you see a black family, it's looting, but if it's a white family they are looking for food.;Kanye West;family
My own mother always taught me that fairness was a family value - I think equal pay is about fairness for everyone.;Mike Honda;family
I always tried to do things by example, even though I was not a very good mother regarding routines and family life.;Vivienne Westwood;family
Being rich is a good thing. Not just in the obvious sense of benefitting you and your family, but in the broader sense. Profits are not a zero sum game. The more you make, the more of a financial impact you can have.;Mark Cuban;family
People had this image of the Jacksons as the perfect American family and I destroyed that image. But what people have to understand is writing that book was very healing for me.;LaToya Jackson;family
I married him because he told me it was the only way he could protect me. If we were just manager and client, my family could do whatever they wanted to get me back, but if I was his wife, they couldn't.;LaToya Jackson;family
I can't say it's not painful being estranged from most of my family. I wish it could be otherwise.;LaToya Jackson;family
Outside of being home with my family, I prefer a crowd.;Clive Owen;family
I've never had a very closely connected family. My parents split up when I was young and I was living with my mom for a little while, then I was kind of just on my own really young. It wasn't some kind of global tragedy, it was just never really a very close-knit family. So there was support in the sense that they didn't stand in my way.;Ani DiFranco;family
AP promoted me to the White House beat because I knew Clinton, his family, friends, and staff better than anybody in the national press corps. Those contacts helped me break a few stories and get my career in Washington jump-started.;Ron Fournier;family
We all wish we could be in more than one place at the same time. People with families feel guilty all the time-if we spend too much time with our family, we feel we're not working hard enough.;Harold Ramis;family
You know, every family and every business in California knows what it means to go through tough times.;Carly Fiorina;family
I was one those kids who had books on them. Before weddings, Bar Mitzvahs, funerals and anything else where you're actually meant to not be reading, my family would frisk me and take the book away. If they didn't find it by this point in the procedure, I would be sitting over in that corner completely unnoticed just reading my book.;Neil Gaiman;family
A growing awareness of the depth of popular attachment to the family has led some liberals to concede that family is not just a buzzword for reaction.;Christopher Lasch;family
When you look at a family, if you have a family that never interacts with each other, never has strong conversation with each other, never has disagreements, nine times out of ten you have a very cold family and they're not going to be, at the end, they're not going to be close.;Mike Singletary;family
I don't have a saviour or a royal family.;John Malkovich;family
Most Evangelicals claim to be politically non-partisan, and say they only identify with the Republican Party because the Republicans are committed to 'family values.';Tony Campolo;family
I, for one, am quite willing to join the 'forgive, forget and move on' crowd, but it does make me wonder if Evangelicals are going to sound believable when they say that they tend to vote Republican because of their religious commitments to the family.;Tony Campolo;family
The traditional spokespersons for the Evangelicals, such as Chuck Colson and James Dobson, have become alarmed about this drift away from the 'Family Values' issues that they believe should be the overwhelming concerns of Evangelicals. They have expressed their displeasure in letters of protest circulated through the religious media.;Tony Campolo;family
I only tour in short bursts, I'm only ever away from my family and three daughters for a month or two.;Harry Connick, Jr.;family
Everybody sung in my family.;Rod Stewart;family
Well, I have a CBE and I accepted it with glee because it's not bestowed on you by the royal family, it's not bestowed on you by the government, you have to be nominated by the public.;Rod Stewart;family
I have often noticed that ancestors never boast of the descendants who boast of ancestors. I would rather start a family than finish one. Blood will tell, but often it tells too much.;Don Marquis;family
They needed someone to write a script of The Great Gatsby very quickly for the movie they were making. I took this job so I'd be sure to have some dough to support my family.;Francis Ford Coppola;family
I had a number of very strong personalities in my family. My father was a concert flutist, the solo flute for Toscanini.;Francis Ford Coppola;family
For my own family, I would always choose the makeshift, surrogate family formed by various characters unrelated by blood.;Anne Tyler;family
I think that's become passe, but if you can surround yourself with a kind of monument to yourself and your family - a statement - and you can afford it, then that's a noble project.;Sylvester Stallone;family
I'm not ready to get married, but I have a pretty great family and I'd like that too, someday.;Kristen Stewart;family
I have a great family by the way, but you need to find people who can pull something out from you that might be otherwise unseen.;Kristen Stewart;family
It's not an accident that both my sister and I are writers. Our parents created an accidental Petri dish. My family has great storytellers, and I grew up in a very funny, conversational house and didn't have television. This small family farm was a bubble world that didn't have much to do with reality.;Elizabeth Gilbert;family
A family is very special. So when a family splits up, it's not good, it's never good.;Aung San Suu Kyi;family
It never occurred to me that I wouldn't go to college and have a career - as well as a family - of my own. Both my parents, but especially my mother, encouraged me and led me to believe that it was possible.;Dee Dee Myers;family
After all is said that can be said upon the liquor traffic, its influence is degrading upon the individual, the family, politics and business, and upon everything that you touch in this old world.;Billy Sunday;family
I grew up in a family of strong women and I owe any capacity I have to understand women to my mother and big sister. They taught me to respect women in a way where I've always felt a strong emotional connection to women, which has also helped me in the way I approach my work as an actor.;Ryan Gosling;family
Life is not a matter of place, things or comfort rather, it concerns the basic human rights of family, country, justice and human dignity.;Imelda Marcos;family
I don't think quantity time is as special as quality time with your family.;Reba McEntire;family
Interesting things come your way but as you get older, your lifestyle changes. I don't want to travel I don't want to be in a hotel room away from my family.;Gary Oldman;family
We all started snowboarding in the beginning as a family just to be closer together, go on trips. It was our soccer, but instead of Dad yelling at me from the sideline he is there riding with me and hitting the jumps even before I am hitting them.;Shaun White;family
In every age there has been a stream of popular opinion that has carried all before it, and given a family character, as it were, to the century.;Mary Wollstonecraft;family
Family involvement is a valuable thing and playing together actively can be the '90s version of it. Instead of just watching, you can do it together... something we don't spend enough time on. We can motivate and excite each other about fitness.;Alan Thicke;family
My priorities are always going to be my husband and my family now. That's a huge, huge thing.;Gwen Stefani;family
I think everybody has their own way of looking at their lives as some kind of pilgrimage. Some people will see their role as a pilgrim in terms of setting up a fine family, or establishing a business inheritance. Everyone's got their own definition.;Eric Clapton;family
Nobody in my family ever thought that I'd a be a model.;Cindy Crawford;family
I miss my family, and I like being a tourist when I go back.;Tim Roth;family
We need to recognise that what really matters isn't buying more and more consumer goods, but family, friends, and knowing that we are doing something worthwhile with our lives. Helping to reduce the appalling consequences of world poverty should be part of that reassessment.;Peter Singer;family
There's no road map on how to raise a family: it's always an enormous negotiation.;Meryl Streep;family
If you wish to spare yourself and your venerable family, give heed to my advice with the ear of intelligence. If you do not, you will see what God has willed.;Hulagu Khan;family
Individual responsibility, hard work, paying attention in school, faith, family all these things are important.;J. C. Watts;family
I think it's been a little difficult at times for the audience, because they've told me they see me as a family member. So to see your little sister sing about sex... I think they are pretty used to it now.;Janet Jackson;family
The secret is to make sure your family comes before anything else, because no matter what you do you've got to come home.;Barry Gibb;family
I want a baby and I want a family, for sure.;Rashida Jones;family
Syria should not belong to one family, to one coterie, or to one party. It belongs to all the people of Syria equally, in all their religious and ethnic diversity.;William Hague;family
My family is my life, and I'll never lose that.;Jessica Simpson;family
I guess now that I think back, I used to play priest and be a funny priest. I don't know, I grew up in such a Catholic family that I kind of liked to test the boundaries a little bit and I think I had fun watching my mom laugh.;Jenny McCarthy;family
In the family sandwich, the older people and the younger ones can recognize one another as the bread. Those in the middle are, for a time, the meat.;Anna Quindlen;family
I've been screaming at the top of my lungs at my family, 'Work out! Work out! Old age is coming!';Cher;family
I'm still very connected to my family, to the world I grew up in. I understand what it means to be afraid that you can't pay a doctor's bill. Or to have to make the choice between buying a band uniform for a seventh-grader and making the insurance payment on time. That will never leave me. It was how I lived until I was well into my adult years.;Elizabeth Warren;family
Like a lot of you, I grew up in a family on the ragged edges of the middle class. My daddy sold carpeting and ended up as a maintenance man. After he had a heart attack, my mom worked the phones at Sears so we could hang on to our house.;Elizabeth Warren;family
I do all of the grocery shopping in my little family. I buy cheese, of many different kinds, sliced packaged meats and poultry, bagels, immense quantities of eggs, pre-made fried chicken. Milk. Bacon. It is insane how much dairy, deli and bakery stuff I buy.;Ben Stein;family
Personally, I think four is the perfect number of children for our particular family. Four is enough to create the frenzied cacophony that my husband and I find so joyful.;Ayelet Waldman;family
Liberals tend to put the onus of your success on society and conservatives on you and your family.;Dennis Prager;family
As a novelist, I mined my history, my family and my memory, but in a very specific way. Writing fiction, I never made use of experiences immediately as they happened. I needed to let things fester in my memory, mature and transmogrify into something meaningful.;Ayelet Waldman;family
Opponents of capital punishment argue that the state has no right to take a murderer's life. Apparently, one fact that abolitionists forget or overlook is that the state is acting not only on behalf of society, but also on behalf of the murdered person and the murdered person's family.;Dennis Prager;family
During the periods in my marriage when I chose to stay home with my kids rather than work as an attorney, it caused me no end of anxiety. Despite the fact that I knew I was contributing to our family by caring for our children, I still felt that my worth was less because I wasn't earning.;Ayelet Waldman;family
For all of higher civilization's recorded history, becoming a man was defined overwhelmingly as taking responsibility for a family.;Dennis Prager;family
Family farms and small businesses are the backbone of our communities.;Tom Allen;family
My work's never been accepted by my family, but it's something I'll always carry on with.;Johnny Vegas;family
I am a big fan of smelly cheeses but the rest of the family don't seem to be particularly keen on them.;Johnny Vegas;family
I love being around my friends and my family and spending time with my husband. I like being normal and recharging my batteries, and I feel like I have the coolest job in the world where I get to get on stage and perform and get to do a lot of really amazing things.;Carrie Underwood;family
When there is time to think about cricket, I think but when there is time to be with family, I try to do justice to that aspect of my life as well.;Sachin Tendulkar;family
Many a man who pays rent all his life owns his own home and many a family has successfully saved for a home only to find itself at last with nothing but a house.;Bruce Barton;family
I've been to all 50 states, and traveled this whole country, and 90 percent of the people are good folks. The rest of them take after the other side of the family.;Jeff Foxworthy;family
My wife is so analytical with raising kids, and I am not. My feeling is if they turn out good, then that means I was a good daddy and put a lot of effort into it. If they turn out bad, it means they took after her side of the family.;Jeff Foxworthy;family
My father never talked about the sacrifices that the family made for me.;Novak Djokovic;family
It's not common for a woman on television, especially if she's the mom of the family, to be funny. She's usually a straight man or foil.;Martha Plimpton;family
It's long been accepted as fact that the availability of family planning services saves lives. Where women have access to these services, children and families are healthier, and society at large benefits.;Martha Plimpton;family
I can't move back to England. My home is in France now. I'd love to but I can't. My family's all there now.;Kristin Scott Thomas;family
I always wanted my music to influence the life you were living emotionally - with your family, your lover, your wife, and, at a certain point, with your children.;Bruce Springsteen;family
Adoption has been a part of my life and a part of my family, so it was how I wanted to start. It felt natural and right to me.;Katherine Heigl;family
I want my family to resemble the family I came from.;Katherine Heigl;family
The town, the team, it's a family. That has helped. For some people who have had to deal with some of the problems I have had to deal with don't have football as an out.;Brett Favre;family
We really were a very musical family. Father managed to buy us a small pump organ, and I just loved this instrument.;Lawrence Welk;family
By 1969, when I celebrated 45 years in the music business, I also had 45 people in our musical family.;Lawrence Welk;family
This character feels so much like my brother. He has two children. He has a wife. He works with me. He chooses to stay in New Hampshire because he wants his kids to grow up in the school they started with. He doesn't want them to lose friends. He is his family's hero.;Adam Sandler;family
The problem with me, as far as getting married and having a family, is that my comedy is so important to me. So I don't know if I'll ever be as good a dad as my dad.;Adam Sandler;family
Sometimes you can't prioritise family and you feel guilty.;Adam Sandler;family
I've always wanted to do a family movie.;Adam Sandler;family
I have other obligations now - the show, my family, my life... though I know that without my sobriety I wouldn't have any of those things.;Rob Lowe;family
When I was working, and when I was making substantial amounts of money, I always filed and paid my taxes. This only stopped, when it was necessary to withdraw from society, in order to guarantee the safety and well-being of myself and my family.;Lauryn Hill;family
The pictures of my family were designed to be on a family wall, they were supposed to be together. It was supposed to copy my mother's wall in her house.;Annie Leibovitz;family
You never know when some small thing will lead to a big idea. Travel is very inspirational - but it's in the ordinary that I find my themes of love and work and family.;Adriana Trigiani;family
The monarchy is foremost a business, and it's important to them that the British public continue to finance the excessive luxurious lifestyles of the now quite enormous, wasteful and useless 'royal' family. I find it very sad.;Steven Patrick Morrissey;family
