Whatever good things we build end up building us.;Jim Rohn;good
Good manners sometimes means simply putting up with other people's bad manners.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;good
The depressing thing about tennis is that no matter how good I get, I'll never be as good as a wall.;Mitch Hedberg;good
There must always remain something that is antagonistic to good.;Plato;good
Character is the ability to carry out a good resolution long after the excitement of the moment has passed.;Cavett Robert;good
The highest reward that God gives us for good work is the ability to do better work.;Elbert Hubbard;good
I am confident that nobody... will accuse me of selfishness if I ask to spend time, while I am still in good health, with my family, my friends and also with myself.;Nelson Mandela;good
Only government can take perfectly good paper, cover it with perfectly good ink and make the combination worthless.;Milton Friedman;good
A man is as good as he has to be, and a woman as bad as she dares.;Elbert Hubbard;good
Good leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people.;John D. Rockefeller;good
Get correct views of life, and learn to see the world in its true light. It will enable you to live pleasantly, to do good, and, when summoned away, to leave without regret.;Robert E. Lee;good
Don't gamble take all your savings and buy some good stock and hold it till it goes up, then sell it. If it don't go up, don't buy it.;Will Rogers;good
Much of the social history of the Western world, over the past three decades, has been a history of replacing what worked with what sounded good.;Thomas Sowell;good
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.;Baltasar Gracian;good
I have no other view than to promote the public good, and am unambitious of honors not founded in the approbation of my Country.;George Washington;good
It is lamentable, that to be a good patriot one must become the enemy of the rest of mankind.;Voltaire;good
Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them.;James A. Baldwin;good
Religious liberty is the first freedom in our Constitution. And whether the cause is justice for the persecuted, compassion for the needy and the sick, or mercy for the child waiting to be born, there is no greater force for good in the nation than Christian conscience in action.;Mitt Romney;good
I like a man who's good, but not too good - for the good die young, and I hate a dead one.;Mae West;good
The brain is like a muscle. When it is in use we feel very good. Understanding is joyous.;Carl Sagan;good
There is the good and the bad, the great and the low, the just and the unjust. I swear to you that all that will never change.;Albert Camus;good
Do not ever say that the desire to 'do good' by force is a good motive. Neither power-lust nor stupidity are good motives.;Ayn Rand;good
A celibate clergy is an especially good idea, because it tends to suppress any hereditary propensity toward fanaticism.;Carl Sagan;good
I guess the real reason that my wife and I had children is the same reason that Napoleon had for invading Russia: it seemed like a good idea at the time.;Bill Cosby;good
To assert in any case that a man must be absolutely cut off from society because he is absolutely evil amounts to saying that society is absolutely good, and no-one in his right mind will believe this today.;Albert Camus;good
I met Woz when I was 13, at a friend's garage. He was about 18. He was, like, the first person I met who knew more electronics than I did at that point. We became good friends, because we shared an interest in computer and we had a sense of humor. We pulled all kinds of pranks together.;Steve Jobs;good
What is moral is what you feel good after, and what is immoral is what you feel bad after.;Ernest Hemingway;good
There is only one difference between a long life and a good dinner: that, in the dinner, the sweets come last.;Robert Louis Stevenson;good
Hatred is gained as much by good works as by evil.;Niccolo Machiavelli;good
I have found little that is 'good' about human beings on the whole. In my experience most of them are trash, no matter whether they publicly subscribe to this or that ethical doctrine or to none at all. That is something that you cannot say aloud, or perhaps even think.;Sigmund Freud;good
A thing moderately good is not so good as it ought to be. Moderation in temper is always a virtue but moderation in principle is always a vice.;Thomas Paine;good
Life's pretty good, and why wouldn't it be? I'm a pirate, after all.;Johnny Depp;good
I've always thought that people need to feel good about themselves and I see my role as offering support to them, to provide some light along the way.;Leo Buscaglia;good
If it looks good, you'll see it. If it sounds good, you'll hear it. If its marketed right, you'll buy it. But... If its real... you'll feel it.;Kid Rock;good
A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning.;Brad Henry;good
Music is love, love is music, music is life, and I love my life. Thank you and good night.;A. J. McLean;good
We made the buttons on the screen look so good you'll want to lick them.;Steve Jobs;good
After every storm the sun will smile for every problem there is a solution, and the soul's indefeasible duty is to be of good cheer.;William R. Alger;good
I tried to drown my sorrows, but the bastards learned how to swim, and now I am overwhelmed by this decent and good feeling.;Frida Kahlo;good
This is what customers pay us for - to sweat all these details so it's easy and pleasant for them to use our computers. We're supposed to be really good at this. That doesn't mean we don't listen to customers, but it's hard for them to tell you what they want when they've never seen anything remotely like it.;Steve Jobs;good
An economist's guess is liable to be as good as anybody else's.;Will Rogers;good
He who is not a good servant will not be a good master.;Plato;good
A person is born with feelings of envy and hate. If he gives way to them, they will lead him to violence and crime, and any sense of loyalty and good faith will be abandoned.;Xun Zi;good
They wrote in the old days that it is sweet and fitting to die for one's country. But in modern war, there is nothing sweet nor fitting in your dying. You will die like a dog for no good reason.;Ernest Hemingway;good
Dreams will get you nowhere, a good kick in the pants will take you a long way.;Baltasar Gracian;good
People think love is an emotion. Love is good sense.;Ken Kesey;good
The test of good manners is to be patient with the bad ones.;Solomon Ibn Gabirol;good
That terrible mood of depression of whether it's any good or not is what is known as The Artist's Reward.;Ernest Hemingway;good
A good painting to me has always been like a friend. It keeps me company, comforts and inspires.;Hedy Lamarr;good
Nonviolence is a good policy when the conditions permit.;Nelson Mandela;good
If you're in a bad situation, don't worry it'll change. If you're in a good situation, don't worry it'll change.;John A. Simone, Sr.;good
1913 wasn't a very good year. 1913 gave us the income tax, the 16th amendment and the IRS.;Ron Paul;good
I believe in using words, not fists. I believe in my outrage knowing people are living in boxes on the street. I believe in honesty. I believe in a good time. I believe in good food. I believe in sex.;Bertrand Russell;good
Dig within. Within is the wellspring of Good and it is always ready to bubble up, if you just dig.;Marcus Aurelius;good
Love seeks one thing only: the good of the one loved. It leaves all the other secondary effects to take care of themselves. Love, therefore, is its own reward.;Thomas Merton;good
The good life is a process, not a state of being. It is a direction not a destination.;Carl Rogers;good
It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.;Will Rogers;good
All good books have one thing in common - they are truer than if they had really happened.;Ernest Hemingway;good
I must say I find television very educational. The minute somebody turns it on, I go to the library and read a good book.;Groucho Marx;good
We are all here for a spell, get all the good laughs you can.;Will Rogers;good
Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough.;Garrison Keillor;good
A market is never saturated with a good product, but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one.;Henry Ford;good
The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.;Jane Austen;good
A good leader takes a little more than his share of the blame, a little less than his share of the credit.;Arnold H. Glasow;good
The rulers of the state are the only persons who ought to have the privilege of lying, either at home or abroad they may be allowed to lie for the good of the state.;Plato;good
Liars need to have good memories.;Algernon Sidney;good
In the final analysis, the questions of why bad things happen to good people transmutes itself into some very different questions, no longer asking why something happened, but asking how we will respond, what we intend to do now that it happened.;Pierre Teilhard de Chardin;good
The good parts of a book may be only something a writer is lucky enough to overhear or it may be the wreck of his whole damn life and one is as good as the other.;Ernest Hemingway;good
We ought to do good to others as simply as a horse runs, or a bee makes honey, or a vine bears grapes season after season without thinking of the grapes it has borne.;Marcus Aurelius;good
I'm leaving because the weather is too good. I hate London when it's not raining.;Groucho Marx;good
I know only that what is moral is what you feel good after and what is immoral is what you feel bad after.;Ernest Hemingway;good
No one would remember the Good Samaritan if he'd only had good intentions he had money as well.;Margaret Thatcher;good
A good politician is quite as unthinkable as an honest burglar.;H. L. Mencken;good
Too much of a good thing can be taxing.;Mae West;good
What good are fans? You can't eat applause for breakfast. You can't sleep with it.;Bob Dylan;good
It takes more than just a good looking body. You've got to have the heart and soul to go with it.;Epictetus;good
In the practical art of war, the best thing of all is to take the enemy's country whole and intact to shatter and destroy it is not so good.;Sun Tzu;good
For a long time now I have tried simply to write the best I can. Sometimes I have good luck and write better than I can.;Ernest Hemingway;good
It seems to me we can never give up longing and wishing while we are thoroughly alive. There are certain things we feel to be beautiful and good, and we must hunger after them.;George Eliot;good
I realize I don't do a very good job in keeping up to date, but I try to.;Bob Dylan;good
To prefer evil to good is not in human nature and when a man is compelled to choose one of two evils, no one will choose the greater when he might have the less.;Plato;good
Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good spirits.;Robert Louis Stevenson;good
Until we meet again, may the good Lord take a liking to you.;Roy Rogers;good
There is no harm in repeating a good thing.;Plato;good
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.;Bertrand Russell;good
When you have shot one bird flying you have shot all birds flying. They are all different and they fly in different ways but the sensation is the same and the last one is as good as the first.;Ernest Hemingway;good
For good nurture and education implant good constitutions.;Plato;good
Truth is the beginning of every good to the gods, and of every good to man.;Plato;good
When you put down the good things you ought to have done, and leave out the bad ones you did do well, that's Memoirs.;Will Rogers;good
Know one knows whether death, which people fear to be the greatest evil, may not be the greatest good.;Plato;good
The good is the beautiful.;Plato;good
Twice and thrice over, as they say, good is it to repeat and review what is good.;Plato;good
They didn't want it good, they wanted it Wednesday.;Robert A. Heinlein;good
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.;Benjamin Disraeli;good
If only we'd stop trying to be happy we'd have a pretty good time.;Edith Wharton;good
In all secrets there is a kind of guilt, however beautiful or joyful they may be, or for what good end they may be set to serve. Secrecy means evasion, and evasion means a problem to the moral mind.;Gilbert Parker;good
Here is the rule to remember in the future, When anything tempts you to be bitter: not, 'This is a misfortune' but 'To bear this worthily is good fortune.';Marcus Aurelius;good
I would rather lose a good earring than be caught without make-up.;Lana Turner;good
Better is the enemy of good.;Voltaire;good
