Most of the people I know who work out seriously do so because they have such an amazing outlook on life. To be who I want to be, I'm going to work out to be more positive, more active. It's proactive.;John Krasinski;positive
Kids go to school and college and get through, but they don't seem to really care about using their minds. School doesn't have the kind of long term positive impact that it should.;Howard Gardner;positive
Congress must take responsibility for a new positive direction - an innovative agenda that will lead to a more secure America. Secure communities, secure economies, and a secure quality of life.;Rick Larsen;positive
We need a positive economic agenda that invests in the innovation and growth that will create jobs for middle class families and ensure that America remains the world leader.;Rick Larsen;positive
We work hard on the show. We really believe in the show. It's an enormous privilege to work on a show that has the power to touch people's lives in such a positive way. The fan mail and the e-mail certainly reflect that.;Roma Downey;positive
This whole fuss did not only damage Fischer's image, but that of the USA as well. The way the Americans treated one of their most popular citizens did not make a positive impression worldwide.;Anatoly Karpov;positive
I have great friends around me that are positive and I think that's the key to life is making your own path. Set your own rules because there is no set rule, there is no set look, there is no set anything. You make your own rules in your life. You make your own decisions.;Amber Riley;positive
Aside from sales, the letters from readers have been primarily positive.;Jean M. Auel;positive
I don't know why they're doing it. I have to assume that their motives are positive, not negative. But they don't understand the severity of the problem in this state.;Gray Davis;positive
I've tried to take the opportunity to be as positive a person as I can be, as positive role model as I can be.;Kyan Douglas;positive
I am a positive person. I never think of the glass as half empty. I just keep pushing forward.;Rosie Perez;positive
When the audience leaves, I'd like them to feel positive when they go.;Juice Newton;positive
I was raised on the values of speaking up and making a positive difference in a very political family that believed in the importance of public service.;Scott McClellan;positive
That's really my goal now. I'm trying to be a positive role model to my kids and to just enjoy this ride, because it's hard. It's hard to enjoy it when you're in it.;Taylor Dayne;positive
If I can inspire someone to go in a positive way and pursue a dream, it can only be good.;Parminder Nagra;positive
I've come to understand that there's always something positive, even in a negative situation.;Leif Garrett;positive
For me, being tall was very positive because I thought my mom was the most beautiful person ever.;Lisa Leslie;positive
I think if you just look at life in a positive way, positive things will happen.;Jake Owen;positive
After I became a citizen, I felt freer to say what I thought about this country, both negative and positive. I think I had been, consciously and subconsciously, biting my tongue in the past.;Robert MacNeil;positive
STAR TREK is a show that had a vision about a future that was positive.;George Takei;positive
Shapes that contain no inner components of positive/negative relationships will function better with other shapes of the same nature.;Keith Haring;positive
I just hope it grows into where it was before because I want my son to see it. I want him to have a positive memory of it going forward, so he can be proud of his daddy.;Scott Stapp;positive
I know some people will be surprised to hear it, but I've found that my music, whether its blues or rock, or whatever you want to call it, can be channeled into a positive direction that actually helps people.;Rick Derringer;positive
Whence it follows that God is absolutely perfect, since perfection is nothing but magnitude of positive reality, in the strict sense, setting aside the limits or bounds in things which are limited.;Gottfried Leibniz;positive
I am really, I think, truly an easygoing, positive, fun person.;Lisa Scottoline;positive
I think that giving mindless praise is ridiculous. But I understand why parents do it. They want their kids to feel good about themselves. But parents are never going to teach their children true, positive self esteem by praising everything they do.;Rosalind Wiseman;positive
Nobody under the sun was like Madonna. She was positive and clear and wholly dedicated to achieving everything that she's achieved.;Nile Rodgers;positive
I influence people, hopefully on the positive side.;Isaac Hayes;positive
People don't believe in positive changes anymore.;Alexei Navalny;positive
When I was campaigning, I told the people if nothing happens under my mandate it will still be a positive thing because my mandate will be used as a rupture between the past and the future.;Michel Martelly;positive
I think that generally music should be a positive thing, I like Bob Marley's attitude: he said that his goal in life was to single handedly fight all the evil in the world with nothing but music, and when he went to a place he didn't go to play, he went to conquer.;Jon Fishman;positive
If we can produce more ethanol and bio-diesel to help fuel our vehicles, we will create jobs, boost local economies and produce cleaner burning fuels. This will keep dollars here at home where they can have a positive impact on our economy.;Rick Renzi;positive
My stance has always been that there's no place in our sport for drug users. I've always said it's a ban for life if you come up positive. I stand by that.;Maurice Greene;positive
As Bob Dole found out, you can't keep a positive image while being your party's mouthpiece in Congress. That's why no legislative leader since James Madison has ever been elected president.;Dick Morris;positive
Modern Orthodoxy has a highly positive attitude toward the State of Israel. Our Ultra-Orthodox brethren recognize only the Holy Land, but not the state.;Norman Lamm;positive
Your best creative assets do not occur unless you do a mental shift. You have to be in a positive frame of mind because inspiration is fleeting. I walk to work for inspiration and to clear my mind.;Ron Ben-Israel;positive
With what all these people are saying, do you think that anybody wants to be around me? They all think that I did this on purpose? That I knew that I was positive, for so many years? I feel now that I'm going to be attacked if anybody sees me or if I go to the office.;Marc Wallice;positive
If I knew I was positive, why would I have ever gone to PAW to take a test?;Marc Wallice;positive
But nobody is listening to those points. They are just listening to the gossip which is saying that I knew I was positive for all these years because I had a faked test a few years ago.;Marc Wallice;positive
Nobody could've ever known I was positive because I didn't know.;Marc Wallice;positive
It was a very emotional dinner... Everyone shared personal stories about her and gave her words of encouragement and inspiration. Everyone tried to remain positive.;Lil' Kim;positive
There's been a slow death in a way. On the positive side, there are films getting into the Academy Awards that wouldn't have, but on the negative side, financiers are now dominant and making all the decisions. I can't count the ways a director's vision is compromised.;Lili Taylor;positive
Let's not dismiss or attack individual ideas as being inadequate before we have had a chance to assess their positive effect as part of a whole solution.;John Thune;positive
I'm positive and I smile a lot, and I'm kind of a banana, but serious work just seems to find me, so I'm not going to argue with it.;Mireille Enos;positive
So many reality shows are scripted and create this fake drama, and it's a bunch of bull. We wanted to do something real and something wholesome and something that's focused on positive family values.;Bill Rancic;positive
It's an important thing to have a relationship with the director, and have it be a positive one.;Trevor Rabin;positive
There's a lot of peer pressure to not do positive stories out of Iraq... I think there's a sense that the administration got a pass during the hot days of war and now that the war is over it's time to even out the deck somewhat.;Jerry Nachman;positive
It was great fun. We had gone on tour in between the sessions and reconnected with the audience and got a lot of energy back from them, a lot of positive energy.;Roger Andrew Taylor;positive
That something extra, I believe, is a certain humanity that comes from upbeat and positive human interest letters and success stories. Advertisers like to be associated with those qualities.;Casey Kasem;positive
I did the whole rock and roll thing that's coming up. I think you're going to enjoy that! 'Burt Rocks', it's called. I like that he's a dreamer I like how positive he is. There's a lot of things I think I can learn from Burt.;Garret Dillahunt;positive
Everyone has things that they don't love about themselves but I think that as a woman its much healthier and more positive to focus on your good parts and the things you like about yourself, not pick yourself apart.;Miranda Kerr;positive
There is a positive and personal relationship between the Egyptian people and the Syrian people.;Mohammed Morsi;positive
It just happened that the course of the campaign went negative we actually went positive for a little over a week and you do the tracking of poll numbers and it hurt us. So the public responded to those type of ads.;Scott McCallum;positive
Perhaps trying to move away from my problems and focus on the positive is the best I can do.;Jenni Rivera;positive
President Obama has basically avoided or not done any attempt to intervene in any positive way in the housing market. I think in the financial crisis that's been a shame.;Glenn Hubbard;positive
Since I can barely write two books a year the best solution seems to be co-author projects. My goal isn't to get another writer to clone me... it's more to produce a book that shares my vision of positive, fun entertainment.;Janet Evanovich;positive
The nature of catastrophe is, after all, reasonably unvarying in the way it ruins, destroys, wounds and devastates. But if something can be learned from the event - not least something as profound as the theory of plate tectonics - then it somehow puts the ruination into a much more positive light.;Simon Winchester;positive
Music and songs are written at different periods of time, at different times in your life. They reflect the feelings you have and to be honest, I quite like having positive emotions.;Scott Ian;positive
So, we have choice, and sometimes it seems very hard, but the best way to heal physically or emotionally is to keep positive.;Petra Nemcova;positive
It demonstrates to his simple mind in the most positive manner that we have no prejudice against him on account of his race, and that while he behaves himself he will be treated the same as a white man.;George Crook;positive
Those churches have closed down or have been merged with a church that has a more positive vision.;Bill Hybels;positive
I've felt that if you dwell too much on your errors, you're dealing in the negativity of things. I don't like that. I'd rather work on the positive reinforcement, the things I did well.;Hale Irwin;positive
I would love to hear all types of Christian artists played all over the world. I'd love to hear good, positive mainstream music played all over the place. I'd love to be able to bring music together. But I have not deserted Christ. I have not deserted my faith.;Stacie Orrico;positive
Financial institutions, the corporate world and civil society - all must uphold high standards of probity in their working. Only a genuine partnership between the Government and its people can bring about positive change to create a just society.;Pratibha Patil;positive
My doctors warned me repeatedly that if you don't stay positive, you don't do well.;Vince Flynn;positive
So much money and energy is expended making a film that I think it should be used for positive ends.;David Strathairn;positive
The most important thing is to stay positive.;Saku Koivu;positive
We found out tonight how important and how crucial momentum swings can be. I thought we were playing very well. We were doing a lot of positive things but then we lost the puck two times in our zone and things swung their way. You can't afford to give teams momentum.;Saku Koivu;positive
I'm not here to discuss the past... I'm here to be positive.;Mark McGwire;positive
The news is what it is. It's going to be good, it's going to be positive, it's going to be negative. It's going to have all sorts of effects on candidates always.;Mark E. Hyman;positive
I have long been a supporter of the Head Start program because each and every year I witness the dramatic positive impact that early intervention services have on children's lives in my congressional district.;Lucille Roybal-Allard;positive
I think every time I go in a game, I have added something positive. I have gotten a rebound or made a defensive play. That is what I try to focus on.;Rebecca Lobo;positive
Dallas is a positive, get-it done city.;Laura Miller;positive
Together, often by unanimous vote, the council has worked quickly to get positive results.;Laura Miller;positive
I have a treadmill, and I work out with my trainer, Julie Diamond, as often as possible. She's so positive.;Emily Deschanel;positive
I truly believe that everything that we do and everyone that we meet is put in our path for a purpose. There are no accidents we're all teachers - if we're willing to pay attention to the lessons we learn, trust our positive instincts and not be afraid to take risks or wait for some miracle to come knocking at our door.;Marla Gibbs;positive
The reason most of the children are having problems in any inner-city neighborhood is because they don't see enough positive role models in their own environment.;Marla Gibbs;positive
From what we've heard about George W., he has a lot issues that he wants to run on. They're positive. They're good. He thinks he's got a good vision for America.;Barbara Olson;positive
Canadians tend to be a bit more religious than most Europeans - though not more than the Poles or Ukrainians. Most important, their attitude to immigration and ethnic minorities is more positive than that of most Europeans.;Timothy Garton Ash;positive
We would like to ease the life of the Palestinians. I prepared a new plan that we call a positive agenda.;Silvan Shalom;positive
It's all positive energy from me, man.;Swizz Beatz;positive
I think it's almost an indulgence to focus on the dark side of things. And as you get older, you want to focus on the positive.;Rob Brydon;positive
I want to contribute to sport and the community in a positive way.;Kyle Shewfelt;positive
Be positive and laugh at everything.;Alexandra Roach;positive
To protect people's lives and keep our children safe, we must implement public-works spending and do so proudly. If possible, I'd like to see the Bank of Japan purchase all of the construction bonds that we need to issue to cover the cost. That would also forcefully circulate money in the market. That would be positive for the economy, too.;Shinzo Abe;positive
We believe that it is very important that we have hopefully averted what would have been the most substantial headwind of all, which is a default for the first time in our history, and that that will contribute to a more positive environment that we hope will allow for greater growth and job creation.;Jay Carney;positive
To me, the blues is an infection. I don't think it's necessarily a melancholy thing the blues can be really positive and I think I think anyone and everyone can have a place for the blues. It need not always a woeful, sorrowful thing. It's more reflective it reminds you to feel.;Mick Fleetwood;positive
America's biggest export is media and I think that's a positive thing.;Aloe Blacc;positive
Instead of yelling and spanking, which don't work anyway, I believe in finding creative ways to keep their attention - turning things into a game, for instance. And, when they do something good, positive reinforcement and praise.;Patricia Richardson;positive
I don't think, until the end, I had read a positive review of Boy Meets World.;Will Friedle;positive
We made happy sounds because we were upset... just trying to make a positive situation out of a negative one.;Ian Williams;positive
My biggest problem will be lack of match toughness but I am a positive, optimistic person.;Greg Rusedski;positive
I have a lot of younger fans, obviously the choices I make often influence them. But having said that, it's kind of the best motivation in the world to stay positive and make good choices.;James Maslow;positive
The worst times can be the best if you think with positive energy.;Domenico Dolce;positive
It's always overwhelming when you come to another country and you're embraced in such a positive way.;Flo Rida;positive
An American Idol is someone that has all the qualities that America thinks is positive, attractive and alluring.;Mario Vazquez;positive
Research programmes, besides their negative heuristic, are also characterized by their positive heuristic.;Imre Lakatos;positive
The positive heuristic of the programme saves the scientist from becoming confused by the ocean of anomalies.;Imre Lakatos;positive
I am a happy person and I choose to be a positive person. I think some people think my life has been tragic and there have been these horrible dramas but things really have been, and are, fine.;Patsy Kensit;positive
