That was when I realised that music is the most profound, magical form of communication there is.;Lesley Garrett;music
You know, all my songs are relatives, brothers, sisters, cousins.;David Coverdale;music
Sometimes before we make a record I go back and listen to a few. It's equally humbling and uplifting.;Michael Stipe;music
Times were changing. Clothes were changing. Morals were changing. We went from romantic loves songs like I used to do to rock 'n roll. Now that has changed to rap. So, there's always a new generation with new music.;Bobby Vinton;music
It is essential to do everything possible to attract young people to opera so they can see that it is not some antiquated art form but a repository of the most glorious music and drama that man has created.;Bruce Beresford;music
Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.;Martin Mull;music
Music is a performance and needs the audience.;Michael Tippett;music
Although I am basically self taught, I consider Debussy my teacher - the most important elements are colour, light and shadow.;Toru Takemitsu;music
Music's not like becoming a doctor, who can walk into a community and find people who need him.;Charlie Byrd;music
Music's staying power is a function of how timeless the lyrics, song and production are.;Gary Wright;music
It's amazing to hear, as a voice matures and then starts to decline, what kind of emotion is still conveyed by a really good vocalist.;Tom Wopat;music
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away.;Henry David Thoreau;music
He who joyfully marches to music in rank and file has already earned my contempt. He has been given a large brain by mistake, since for him the spinal cord would suffice.;Albert Einstein;music
My music will go on forever. Maybe it's a fool say that, but when me know facts me can say facts. My music will go on forever.;Bob Marley;music
Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music.;Ronald Reagan;music
The sexual embrace can only be compared with music and with prayer.;Marcus Aurelius;music
The man that hath no music in himself, Nor is not moved with concord of sweet sounds, is fit for treasons, stratagems and spoils.;William Shakespeare;music
My music fights against the system that teaches to live and die.;Bob Marley;music
If one plays good music, people don't listen and if one plays bad music people don't talk.;Oscar Wilde;music
Love is a friendship set to music.;Joseph Campbell;music
Close friends contribute to our personal growth. They also contribute to our personal pleasure, making the music sound sweeter, the wine taste richer, the laughter ring louder because they are there.;Judith Viorst;music
Personally, I just think rap music is the best thing out there, period. If you look at my deck in my car radio, you're always going to find a hip-hop tape that's all I buy, that's all I live, that's all I listen to, that's all I love.;Eminem;music
I need drama in my life to keep making music.;Eminem;music
When I hear music, I fear no danger. I am invulnerable. I see no foe. I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest.;Henry David Thoreau;music
Music inflames temperament.;Jim Morrison;music
Sometimes I feel like rap music is almost the key to stopping racism.;Eminem;music
This will be our reply to violence: to make music more intensely, more beautifully, more devotedly than ever before.;Leonard Bernstein;music
When you work you are a flute through whose heart the whispering of the hours turns to music. Which of you would be a reed, dumb and silent, when all else sings together in unison?;Khalil Gibran;music
If being an egomaniac means I believe in what I do and in my art or music, then in that respect you can call me that... I believe in what I do, and I'll say it.;John Lennon;music
Music is a safe kind of high.;Jimi Hendrix;music
If people take anything from my music, it should be motivation to know that anything is possible as long as you keep working at it and don't back down.;Eminem;music
There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats.;Albert Schweitzer;music
When I die, I want people to play my music, go wild and freak out and do anything they want to do.;Jimi Hendrix;music
I didn't have nothin' going for me... school, home... until I found something I loved, which was music, and that changed everything.;Eminem;music
A good compromise, a good piece of legislation, is like a good sentence or a good piece of music. Everybody can recognize it. They say, 'Huh. It works. It makes sense.';Barack Obama;music
This land is your land and this land is my land, sure, but the world is run by those that never listen to music anyway.;Bob Dylan;music
Music is so therapeutic for me that if I can't get it out, I start feeling bad about myself - a lot of self-loathing.;Eminem;music
I've accomplished enough with the music that I haven't had to go out there and do other things to over-saturate.;Eminem;music
Develop an interest in life as you see it the people, things, literature, music - the world is so rich, simply throbbing with rich treasures, beautiful souls and interesting people. Forget yourself.;Henry Miller;music
Without music to decorate it, time is just a bunch of boring production deadlines or dates by which bills must be paid.;Frank Zappa;music
I alone of English writers have consciously set myself to make music out of what I may call the sound of sense.;Robert Frost;music
Dre was one of my heros in the music industry. If he's not down for his homeboys, I don't wanna be a part of him or around him.;Tupac Shakur;music
I worked hard all my life as far as this music business. I dreamed of the day when I could go to New York and feel comfortable and they could come out here and be comfortable.;Tupac Shakur;music
Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes.;Bill Cosby;music
Truly fertile Music, the only kind that will move us, that we shall truly appreciate, will be a Music conducive to Dream, which banishes all reason and analysis. One must not wish first to understand and then to feel. Art does not tolerate Reason.;Albert Camus;music
I call architecture frozen music.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;music
By reading the scriptures I am so renewed that all nature seems renewed around me and with me. The sky seems to be a pure, a cooler blue, the trees a deeper green. The whole world is charged with the glory of God and I feel fire and music under my feet.;Thomas Merton;music
What is a poet? An unhappy person who conceals profound anguish in his heart but whose lips are so formed that as sighs and cries pass over them they sound like beautiful music.;Soren Kierkegaard;music
I try to use my music to move these people to act.;Jimi Hendrix;music
The reflection of the world is blues, that's where that part of the music is at. Then you got this other kind of music that's tryin' to come around.;Jimi Hendrix;music
Philosophy is the highest music.;Plato;music
My goal is to be one with the music. I just dedicate my whole life to this art.;Jimi Hendrix;music
It is piracy, not overt online music stores, which is our main competitor.;Steve Jobs;music
My heart, which is so full to overflowing, has often been solaced and refreshed by music when sick and weary.;Martin Luther;music
Music makes me high on stage, and that's the truth. It's like being almost addicted to music.;Jimi Hendrix;music
Most people live and die with their music still unplayed. They never dare to try.;Mary Kay Ash;music
Music is love, love is music, music is life, and I love my life. Thank you and good night.;A. J. McLean;music
A musician must make music, an artist must paint, a poet must write, if he is to be ultimately at peace with himself.;Abraham Maslow;music
People today are still living off the table scraps of the sixties. They are still being passed around - the music and the ideas.;Bob Dylan;music
I haven't understood a bar of music in my life, but I have felt it.;Igor Stravinsky;music
Music is the one incorporeal entrance into the higher world of knowledge which comprehends mankind but which mankind cannot comprehend.;Ludwig van Beethoven;music
Here's the thing with me and the religious thing. This is the flat-out truth: I find the religiosity and philosophy in the music. I don't find it anywhere else.;Bob Dylan;music
My skin is hard when it comes to my music. But with my movies, I'm still a virgin in a lot of ways. I'm not used to being shot down for no reason.;Will Smith;music
I became interested in folk music because I had to make it somehow.;Bob Dylan;music
Folk music is a bunch of fat people.;Bob Dylan;music
You can't imagine parlor ballads drifting out of high-rise multi-towered buildings. That kind of music existed in a more timeless state of life.;Bob Dylan;music
Look, when I started out, mainstream culture was Sinatra, Perry Como, Andy Williams, Sound of Music. There was no fitting into it then and of course, there's no fitting into it now.;Bob Dylan;music
For the introduction of a new kind of music must be shunned as imperiling the whole state since styles of music are never disturbed without affecting the most important political institutions.;Plato;music
Develop interest in life as you see it in people, things, literature, music - the world is so rich, simply throbbing with rich treasures, beautiful souls and interesting people. Forget yourself.;Henry Miller;music
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.;Groucho Marx;music
Music is the art of the prophets and the gift of God.;Martin Luther;music
If you don't know the blues... there's no point in picking up the guitar and playing rock and roll or any other form of popular music.;Keith Richards;music
Music is either sacred or secular. The sacred agrees with its dignity, and here has its greatest effect on life, an effect that remains the same through all ages and epochs. Secular music should be cheerful throughout.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;music
The martial music of every sideburned delinquent on the face of the earth.;Frank Sinatra;music
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.;Walter Lippmann;music
Many people die with their music still in them. Why is this so? Too often it is because they are always getting ready to live. Before they know it, time runs out.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;music
A film is - or should be - more like music than like fiction. It should be a progression of moods and feelings. The theme, what's behind the emotion, the meaning, all that comes later.;Stanley Kubrick;music
The Bee Gees who are brilliant, I just love great music.;Michael Jackson;music
Most people wouldn't know music if it came up and bit them on the ass.;Frank Zappa;music
If I'd had good discipline, I might have gone into music.;Clint Eastwood;music
My mother knew how to read music and everything. But I just kinda learned off of records. And so, I was listening to records and I'd play 'em over and over.;Clint Eastwood;music
Music is the voice that tells us that the human race is greater than it knows.;Napoleon Bonaparte;music
I like having my hair and face done, but I'm not going to lose weight because someone tells me to. I make music to be a musician not to be on the cover of Playboy.;Adele;music
The opera is to music what a bawdy house is to a cathedral.;H. L. Mencken;music
Every day that is born into the world comes like a burst of music and rings the whole day through, and you make of it a dance, a dirge, or a life march, as you will.;Thomas Carlyle;music
Of all the music that reached farthest into heaven, it is the beating of a loving heart.;Henry Ward Beecher;music
Music for me, it demands full concentration.;Paulo Coelho;music
Music fills the infinite between two souls.;Rabindranath Tagore;music
Some people create with words or with music or with a brush and paints. I like to make something beautiful when I run. I like to make people stop and say, 'I've never seen anyone run like that before.' It's more than just a race, it's a style. It's doing something better than anyone else. It's being creative.;Steve Prefontaine;music
It is as absurd to say that a man can't love one woman all the time as it is to say that a violinist needs several violins to play the same piece of music.;Honore de Balzac;music
I have a sweet tooth for song and music. This is my Polish sin.;Pope John Paul II;music
I'm kind of a good girl - and I'm not. I'm a good girl because I really believe in love, integrity, and respect. I'm a bad girl because I like to tease. I know that I have sex appeal in my deck of cards. But I like to get people thinking. That's what the stories in my music do.;Katy Perry;music
Some people ask the secret of our long marriage. We take time to go to a restaurant two times a week. A little candlelight, dinner, soft music and dancing. She goes Tuesdays, I go Fridays.;Henny Youngman;music
Rock and roll music, if you like it, if you feel it, you can't help but move to it. That's what happens to me. I can't help it.';Elvis Presley;music
If you talk bad about country music, it's like saying bad things about my momma. Them's fightin' words.;Dolly Parton;music
I don't know why, it's the same reason why you like some music and you don't like others. There's something about it that you like. Ultimately I don't find it's in my best interests to try and analyze it, since it's fundamentally emotional.;Jerry Garcia;music
A 'scream' is always just that - a noise and not music.;Carl Jung;music
Poetry fettered, fetters the human race. Nations are destroyed or flourish in proportion as their poetry, painting, and music are destroyed or flourish.;William Blake;music
I think music is the greatest art form that exists, and I think people listen to music for different reasons, and it serves different purposes. Some of it is background music, and some of it is things that might affect a person's day, if not their life, or change an attitude. The best songs are the ones that make you feel something.;Eddie Vedder;music
