Many say an art dealer running a museum is a 'conflict of interest.' But maybe the art world has lived an artificial or unintentional lie all of these years when it comes to conflicts of interest.;Jerry Saltz;art
Of course art world ethics are important. But museums are no purer than any other institution or business. Academics aren't necessarily more high-minded than gallerists.;Jerry Saltz;art
We're all entitled to opinions about how art institutions should behave, and entitled to voicing those opinions through whatever means available to us. We're also allowed to change or modify our opinions.;Jerry Saltz;art
Art is a marriage of the conscious and the unconscious.;Jean Cocteau;art
I don't listen to what art critics say. I don't know anybody who needs a critic to find out what art is.;Jean-Michel Basquiat;art
To play safe, I prefer to accept only one type of power: the power of art over trash, the triumph of magic over the brute.;Vladimir Nabokov;art
Writing is truly a creative art - putting word to a blank piece of paper and ending up with a full-fledged story rife with character and plot.;William Shatner;art
Cinema is still a very young art form with extraordinary techniques and very impressive special effects but sometimes it seems the soul has been taken out of things.;Catherine Deneuve;art
Out with stereotypes, feminism proclaims. But stereotypes are the west's stunning sexual personae, the vehicles of art's assault against nature. The moment there is imagination, there is myth.;Camille Paglia;art
Once you take yourself too seriously the art will suffer.;Maynard James Keenan;art
Politics is the art of preventing people from busying themselves with what is their own business.;Paul Valery;art
What the mass media offers is not popular art, but entertainment which is intended to be consumed like food, forgotten, and replaced by a new dish.;W. H. Auden;art
Trauma happens in relationships, so it can only be healed in relationships. Art can't provide healing. It can be cathartic and therapeutic but a relationship is a three-part journey.;Alanis Morissette;art
Art is not a pastime but a priesthood.;Jean Cocteau;art
Irresponsibility is part of the pleasure of all art it is the part the schools cannot recognize.;James Joyce;art
As in nature, as in art, so in grace it is rough treatment that gives souls, as well as stones, their luster.;Thomas Guthrie;art
The art of writing is the art of discovering what you believe.;Gustave Flaubert;art
Art requires neither complaisance nor politeness nothing but faith, faith and freedom.;Gustave Flaubert;art
You can calculate the worth of a man by the number of his enemies, and the importance of a work of art by the harm that is spoken of it.;Gustave Flaubert;art
There are neither good nor bad subjects. From the point of view of pure Art, you could almost establish it as an axiom that the subject is irrelevant, style itself being an absolute manner of seeing things.;Gustave Flaubert;art
The only way to avoid being unhappy is to close yourself up in Art and to count for nothing all the rest.;Gustave Flaubert;art
The cult of art gives pride one never has too much of it.;Gustave Flaubert;art
The artist must create a spark before he can make a fire and before art is born, the artist must be ready to be consumed by the fire of his own creation.;Auguste Rodin;art
With care, and skill, and cunning art, She parried Time's malicious dart, And kept the years at bay, Till passion entered in her heart and aged her in a day!;Ella Wheeler Wilcox;art
Man is unique not because he does science, and his is unique not because he does art, but because science and art equally are expressions of his marvelous plasticity of mind.;Jacob Bronowski;art
Modern bodybuilding is ritual, religion, sport, art, and science, awash in Western chemistry and mathematics. Defying nature, it surpasses it.;Camille Paglia;art
I do not regard advertising as entertainment or an art form, but as a medium of information.;David Ogilvy;art
Love the art in yourself and not yourself in the art.;Constantin Stanislavski;art
Art and science have their meeting point in method.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;art
Flirting is the gentle art of making a man feel pleased with himself.;Helen Rowland;art
I have never denied my background or my culture. I have taught my child to embrace her Mexican heritage, to love my first language, Spanish, to learn about Mexican history, music, folk art, food, and even the Mexican candy I grew up with.;Salma Hayek;art
A nation devoid of art and artists cannot have a full existence.;Kemal Ataturk;art
It's an art to live with pain... mix the light into gray.;Eddie Vedder;art
Art is born of humiliation.;W. H. Auden;art
Art is much less important than life, but what a poor life without it.;Robert Motherwell;art
I got my diploma from Ealing College of Art, in graphics and illustration.;Freddie Mercury;art
Diplomacy, n. is the art of letting somebody else have your way.;David Frost;art
In the first book of my Discworld series, published more than 26 years ago, I introduced Death as a character there was nothing particularly new about this - death has featured in art and literature since medieval times, and for centuries we have had a fascination with the Grim Reaper.;Terry Pratchett;art
In mathematics the art of proposing a question must be held of higher value than solving it.;Georg Cantor;art
Poetry is a beautiful way of spoiling prose, and the laborious art of exchanging plain sense for harmony.;Horace Walpole;art
Music is God's gift to man, the only art of Heaven given to earth, the only art of earth we take to Heaven.;Walter Savage Landor;art
The public history of modern art is the story of conventional people not knowing what they are dealing with.;Golda Meir;art
I think art is inherently nonviolent and it actually occupies your mind with creation rather than destruction.;Anthony Kiedis;art
Modernity is the transient, the fleeting, the contingent it is one half of art, the other being the eternal and the immovable.;Charles Baudelaire;art
Who would dare assign to art the sterile function of imitating nature?;Charles Baudelaire;art
Art! Who comprehends her? With whom can one consult concerning this great goddess?;Ludwig van Beethoven;art
Black literature is taught as sociology, as tolerance, not as a serious, rigorous art form.;Toni Morrison;art
Art is always criticized and always an outsider gets the blame.;Ville Valo;art
Medicine is a science of uncertainty and an art of probability.;William Osler;art
Art saved me it got me through my depression and self-loathing, back to a place of innocence.;Jeanette Winterson;art
Artists don't talk about art. Artists talk about work. If I have anything to say to young writers, it's stop thinking of writing as art. Think of it as work.;Paddy Chayefsky;art
Jazz is known all over the world as an American musical art form and that's it. No America, no jazz. I've seen people try to connect it to other countries, for instance to Africa, but it doesn't have a damn thing to do with Africa.;Art Blakey;art
Art attracts us only by what it reveals of our most secret self.;Alfred North Whitehead;art
To injure an opponent is to injure yourself. To control aggression without inflicting injury is the Art of Peace.;Morihei Ueshiba;art
I'm very manipulative towards directors. My theory is that everyone on the set is directing the film, we're all receiving art messages from the universe on how we should do the film.;Jeff Bridges;art
I'm very much into the costuming of any character that I portray and it's one of the great things about making movies is it's a collaborative art form so you get all these artists who are looking specifically about for this instance your character's costume and what that might tell about your character.;Jeff Bridges;art
A primary function of art and thought is to liberate the individual from the tyranny of his culture in the environmental sense and to permit him to stand beyond it in an autonomy of perception and judgment.;Beverly Sills;art
Becoming emancipated at 14, my life wasn't normal. I didn't have to go to school, so I didn't. I was rebellious by nature. I spent my 20s focusing on my company, Flower Films, and producing movies. Now that I'm almost 30, I would like to try other things in lie. I'm crazy about photography, and I want to take an art history class.;Drew Barrymore;art
I love doing normal things - movies, shopping, going out with friends, writing, reading, taking hot bubble baths - that's a big one for relaxation. I also love to go to art and history museums.;Christina Aguilera;art
Piano playing is a dying art. I love the fact that I can be one guy with one instrument evoking an emotional and musical experience.;Jon Bon Jovi;art
I don't believe in art. I believe in artists.;Marcel Duchamp;art
Art is like a border of flowers along the course of civilization.;Lincoln Steffens;art
Life is the only art that we are required to practice without preparation, and without being allowed the preliminary trials, the failures and botches, that are essential for training.;Lewis Mumford;art
People discuss my art and pretend to understand as if it were necessary to understand, when it's simply necessary to love.;Claude Monet;art
There is no more difficult art to acquire than the art of observation, and for some men it is quite as difficult to record an observation in brief and plain language.;William Osler;art
The work of art, just like any fragment of human life considered in its deepest meaning, seems to me devoid of value if it does not offer the hardness, the rigidity, the regularity, the luster on every interior and exterior facet, of the crystal.;Pope Paul VI;art
The contemporary thing in art and literature is the thing which doesn't make enough difference to the people of that generation so that they can accept it or reject it.;Gertrude Stein;art
I love prints of skulls and bones and have some taxidermy - a crow and a rabbit - to remind me of home. I like art and have a big portrait of Bjork.;Ellie Goulding;art
The art of pleasing is the art of deception.;Luc de Clapiers;art
Football is an art, like dancing is an art - but only when it's well done does it become an art.;Arsene Wenger;art
Modernity is the transitory, the fugitive, the contingent, which make up one half of art, the other being the eternal and the immutable. This transitory fugitive element, which is constantly changing, must not be despised or neglected.;Charles Baudelaire;art
It is from the womb of art that criticism was born.;Charles Baudelaire;art
Modernity signifies the transitory, the fugitive, the contingent, the half of art of which the other half is the eternal and the immutable.;Charles Baudelaire;art
Art is not living. It is the use of living.;Audre Lorde;art
The work of art is a scream of freedom.;Christo;art
The body is your instrument in dance, but your art is outside that creature, the body.;Martha Graham;art
Art is contemplation. It is the pleasure of the mind which searches into nature and which there divines the spirit of which nature herself is animated.;Auguste Rodin;art
Education is the art of making man ethical.;Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel;art
The art of mastering life is the prerequisite for all further forms of expression, whether they are paintings, sculptures, tragedies, or musical compositions.;Paul Klee;art
I like science and I love gym. Oh, and I like art, but I'm really bad at it. I'm just a terrible drawer. I can't draw a circle. Even with a ruler, I can't draw a straight line.;Daniel Radcliffe;art
Modesty: the gentle art of enhancing your charm by pretending not to be aware of it.;Oliver Herford;art
I don't watch television, I think it destroys the art of talking about oneself.;Stephen Fry;art
Great art speaks a language which every intelligent person can understand. The people who call themselves modernists today speak a different language.;Marshall McLuhan;art
All good criticism should be judged the way art is. You shouldn't read it the way you read history or science.;Leslie Fiedler;art
The art of dancing stands at the source of all the arts that express themselves first in the human person. The art of building, or architecture, is the beginning of all the arts that lie outside the person and in the end they unite.;Havelock Ellis;art
My parents started with very little and were the only ones in their families to graduate from college. As parents, they focused on education, but did not stop at academics - they made sure that we knew music, saw art and theatre and traveled - even though it meant budgeting like crazy.;Jennifer Garner;art
A Bachelor of Arts is one who makes love to a lot of women, and yet has the art to remain a bachelor.;Helen Rowland;art
Film in the 20th century, it's the American art form, like jazz.;Martin Scorsese;art
Nature is the art of God.;Dante Alighieri;art
I don't think there is such a thing as being too raunchy when it comes to the art form of burlesque.;Christina Aguilera;art
I don't think art is propaganda it should be something that liberates the soul, provokes the imagination and encourages people to go further. It celebrates humanity instead of manipulating it.;Keith Haring;art
Let us be true: this is the highest maxim of art and of life, the secret of eloquence and of virtue, and of all moral authority.;Henri Frederic Amiel;art
History has remembered the kings and warriors, because they destroyed art has remembered the people, because they created.;William Morris;art
I just wish the crowd I was associated with was more passionate about what they were doing and less consumed with the commerce of the art form.;Shia LaBeouf;art
Animation is not the art of drawings that move but the art of movements that are drawn.;Norman McLaren;art
The reward of art is not fame or success but intoxication: that is why so many bad artists are unable to give it up.;Jean Cocteau;art
At the beginning of the 20th century, the ambition of the great painters was to make paintings that were like music, which was then considered as the noblest art.;Brian Eno;art
The smart thing in the art world is to have one good idea and never have another.;Brian Eno;art
The prerequisite of originality is the art of forgetting, at the proper moment, what we know.;Arthur Koestler;art
