If this war is not fought with the greatest brutality against the bands both in the East and in the Balkans then in the foreseeable future the strength at our disposal will not be sufficient to be able to master this plague.;Wilhelm Keitel;strength
The thing with me. I can't stick musicians. I've thought about this. I can't stand them, and being stuck in a studio with them I think that's my strength I can hear what they can't.;Mark E. Smith;strength
Good composition is like a suspension bridge - each line adds strength and takes none away.;Robert Henri;strength
My strength was that I am more balanced and calmer than most other riders.;Miguel Indurain;strength
The future belongs to us, because we have taken charge of it. We have the commitment, we have the resourcefulness, and we have the strength of our people to share the dream across Africa of clean water for all.;Ellen Johnson Sirleaf;strength
It is impossible for our working people to maintain their full strength if they do not succeed in obtaining a sufficient supply of fat, allotted to them on a proper basis.;Paul von Hindenburg;strength
So much research has been done showing that the woman is the most vulnerable but also the biggest strength leading to economic progress.;Sri Mulyani Indrawati;strength
Especially with the signing of riders with climbing abilities and the new arrival of Tyler Hamilton, who has the strength and ability to become a great leader for the big tours. All in all, I feel this is a very complete team.;Laurent Jalabert;strength
Where do you find the strength to brave a barrage of enemy fire and to bring your wounded friends to safety at great risk to your own life? Conviction.;Guy Verhofstadt;strength
Blind and unwavering undisciplined at all times constitutes the real strength of all free men.;Alfred Jarry;strength
There are simply more young people than there ever were. You get this feeling of strength. Also, large numbers can be a drawback, making it difficult to lose one's anonymity.;John Knowles;strength
The best translations cannot convey to us the strength and exquisite delicacy of thought in its native garb, and he to whom such books are shut flounders about in outer darkness.;Edwin Booth;strength
They just didn't have the sense of the strength of their vote. Just thought it wasn't necessary.;Charles Phillips;strength
Part of my strength as an actor comes from what I've learned all these years: when you play a villain, you try to get the light touches when you play a hero, you try to get in some of the warts.;John Forsythe;strength
There was a perception of me, and I earned it because I was really intense, really gruff. I treated certain people poorly at times. It was because of who I was. It was almost my strength. I came in all business. I tried to find ways to fit in with that demeanor, but it's not easy.;Kirk Gibson;strength
I think what weakens people most is fear of wasting their strength.;Etty Hillesum;strength
I'm probably the least flexible athlete you'll find. When it comes to yoga, I can't get in the positions and I can't hold them. You have to be pretty flexible to do it. Once you get certain positions, you have to have the core strength to hold those positions. It's a pretty good workout.;Steve Blake;strength
'Swan Lake' is the most difficult thing to portray for a female ballet dancer it really requires such specific qualities of articulation, agility, strength, and the arm work is something that takes a lot of training.;Benjamin Millepied;strength
I've always been really athletic, which really helped, because when I first started doing the training for Bulletproof Monk, it required so much strength that if I didn't have a base I don't really know what I would have done.;Jaime King;strength
It is no use painting the foot of the tree white, the strength of the bark cries out from beneath the paint.;Aime Cesaire;strength
If a weakly mortal is to do anything in the world besides eat the bread thereof, there must be a determined subordination of the whole nature to the one aim no trifling with time, which is passing, with strength which is only too limited.;Beatrice Webb;strength
Tonight I should like to thank all those who have shared my work and to acknowledge the debt that I owe to my wife whose encouragement to put research before all other things has been a great strength to me.;George Porter;strength
This is just what I have thought when I have seen slaves at work - they seem to go through the motions of labor without putting strength into them. They keep their powers in reserve for their own use at night, perhaps.;Frederick Law Olmsted;strength
The only reason I would stay away from a period piece is because sometimes the women are painted in a very stereotypical weakling, wallflower way - that's something I don't want to do. I want to show strength in the women I play, and a journey of some sort.;Dagmara Dominczyk;strength
Death used to announce itself in the thick of life but now people drag on so long it sometimes seems that we are reaching the stage when we may have to announce ourselves to death. It is as though one needs a special strength to die, and not a final weakness.;Ronald Blythe;strength
The strength of the United States is not the gold at Fort Knox or the weapons of mass destruction that we have, but the sum total of the education and the character of our people.;Claiborne Pell;strength
The poem is the point at which our strength gave out.;Richard Rosen;strength
I don't know if I'm an action star or if that's just how things are shaping up. I would hate to be boxed into that forever, but it's probably just a strength as far as my type goes, and I'm fine with that.;Jai Courtney;strength
The military might of a country represents its national strength. Only when it builds up its military might in every way can it develop into a thriving country.;Kim Jong-un;strength
What is called a sincere work is one that is endowed with enough strength to give reality to an illusion.;Max Jacob;strength
I give myself strength by staying away from any music.;Alannah Myles;strength
To make the moral achievement implicit in science a source of strength to civilization, the scientist will have to have the cooperation also of the philosopher and the religious teacher.;Arthur Holly Compton;strength
Well you know I'm very supportive of what the Tea Party is trying to do. They're very concerned with spending, the deficit, the bailouts, you know all of those kinds of things. But I really think that the strength of the Tea Party is being a grassroots movement.;John Boozman;strength
I am not yet born O fill me with strength against those who would freeze my humanity.;Louis MacNeice;strength
There is nothing respecting which a man may be so long unconscious as of the extent and strength of his prejudices.;Francis Jeffrey;strength
I felt invincible. My strength was that of a giant. God was certainly standing by me. I smashed five saloons with rocks before I ever took a hatchet.;Carry Nation;strength
Strength is a matter of the made-up mind.;John Beecher;strength
The strength of a nation, especially of a republican nation, is in the intelligent and well ordered homes of the people.;Lydia Sigourney;strength
Strength lies not in defence but in attack.;Adolf Hitler;strength
The great strength of the totalitarian state is that it forces those who fear it to imitate it.;Adolf Hitler;strength
I saw him... at peace in my armchair. I remember wishing he could stay in peace like that forever. I had a feeling of easing his burden with my strength.;Dennis Nilsen;strength
I have prayed to God that he give me the strength to survive each day and to face those times in my life that will be extremely painful. I have put my total faith in God, and he will take care of me.;Susan Smith;strength
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.;Bill Cosby;success
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.;Swami Vivekananda;success
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.;Bruce Lee;success
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.;David Brinkley;success
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.;Winston Churchill;success
Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another.;Napoleon Hill;success
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.;Winston Churchill;success
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.;Albert Einstein;success
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.;Bill Cosby;success
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.;Abraham Lincoln;success
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.;Michael Jordan;success
Coming together is a beginning keeping together is progress working together is success.;Henry Ford;success
Don't aim for success if you want it just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.;David Frost;success
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will.;Vince Lombardi;success
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome.;Booker T. Washington;success
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him. Wife or mother, if it is both, he is twice blessed indeed.;Godfrey Winn;success
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.;Albert Einstein;success
Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil.;J. Paul Getty;success
Formal education will make you a living self-education will make you a fortune.;Jim Rohn;success
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no point in being a damn fool about it.;W. C. Fields;success
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.;Dale Carnegie;success
All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure.;Mark Twain;success
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.;Bill Gates;success
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.;George Burns;success
Action is the foundational key to all success.;Pablo Picasso;success
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.;Mark Twain;success
Failure is success if we learn from it.;Malcolm Forbes;success
What is success? I think it is a mixture of having a flair for the thing that you are doing knowing that it is not enough, that you have got to have hard work and a certain sense of purpose.;Margaret Thatcher;success
I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.;George S. Patton;success
To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;success
It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.;Winston Churchill;success
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.;George Edward Woodberry;success
Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes a reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results.;William James;success
A person with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.;Mark Twain;success
Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure.;Confucius;success
Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds.;Orison Swett Marden;success
Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success.;Bo Bennett;success
Success is a science if you have the conditions, you get the result.;Oscar Wilde;success
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people.;Theodore Roosevelt;success
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.;Bob Dylan;success
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.;Dale Carnegie;success
As kids we're not taught how to deal with success we're taught how to deal with failure. If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. If at first you succeed, then what?;Charlie Sheen;success
Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing.;Vince Lombardi;success
Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture.;Lydia M. Child;success
If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.;Henry Ford;success
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming.;John Wooden;success
If you have no critics you'll likely have no success.;Malcolm X;success
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.;Benjamin Disraeli;success
Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one Helen Keller is the other.;Erma Bombeck;success
I have learned that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has had to overcome while trying to succeed.;Booker T. Washington;success
Once you agree upon the price you and your family must pay for success, it enables you to ignore the minor hurts, the opponent's pressure, and the temporary failures.;Vince Lombardi;success
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.;Ayn Rand;success
Man needs his difficulties because they are necessary to enjoy success.;Abdul Kalam;success
Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time.;Arnold H. Glasow;success
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.;Dale Carnegie;success
Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success.;Dale Carnegie;success
Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it.;Elbert Hubbard;success
