Projecting a persuasive image of a desirable and practical future is extremely important to high morale, to dynamism, to consensus, and in general to help the wheels of society turn smoothly.;Herman Kahn;society
I could pose in fashion commercials as a high society star but politics is a new way of life.;Marat Safin;society
I don't think anyone in the media thinks strategically about society.;Todd Gitlin;society
America must be the teacher of democracy, not the advertiser of the consumer society. It is unrealistic for the rest of the world to reach the American living standard.;Mikhail Gorbachev;society
I believe that writers, unless they consider themselves terribly exquisite, are at heart people who live by night, a little bit outside society, moving between delinquency and conformity.;Guillermo Cabrera Infante;society
The writer is the person who stands outside society, independent of affiliation and independent of influence.;Don DeLillo;society
Full participation in government and society has been a basic right of the country symbolizing the full citizenship and equal protection of all.;Charles Rangel;society
If anything needs to get fixed in society, it's people's consumption of other people's problems.;Corey Feldman;society
Obama often criticizes policies that place the interests of the powerful ahead of the powerless. But through his administration's support of abortion rights, Obama shows his lack of empathy for society's most powerless.;Gary Bauer;society
The stigma that was once attached to things society deemed unhealthy served the purpose of making them undesirable. With the stigma gone, many people see little reason not to do whatever feels good at the moment.;Gary Bauer;society
When women make their image about youth and sexuality, and not about intellect, that's kind of a dead-end road. So I think it's a combination of self-entrapment and entrapment by society.;K. D. Lang;society
I was training to be a lawyer... I was president of the law society at Glasgow University, and my bass guitarist was my secretary of my law society the lead guitarist and writer worked at the law firm that I worked.;Gerard Butler;society
I mean, I am fully aware of my influence and my responsibility to society in general representing the gay community. But in the same time, I don't represent the entire gay community because it's a vast, vast community, as one can imagine.;K. D. Lang;society
We establish no religion in this country, nor will we ever. But we poison our society when we remove its theological underpinnings. We court corruption when we leave society devoid of belief.;Jeff Miller;society
Sometimes nudity is gratuitous. We just live in a society where everything goes.;Judi Dench;society
We're in a period where society seems very attracted to flash, and that seeps into people's musical taste.;K. D. Lang;society
Business, labor and civil society organizations have skills and resources that are vital in helping to build a more robust global community.;Kofi Annan;society
All literary men are Red Sox fans - to be a Yankee fan in a literate society is to endanger your life.;John Cheever;society
There is no development strategy more beneficial to society as a whole - women and men alike - than the one which involves women as central players.;Kofi Annan;society
You do not know our culture, our ethics, or the unwritten codes that already provide our society more order than could be obtained by any of your impositions.;John Perry Barlow;society
If you wish to appear agreeable in society, you must consent to be taught many things which you know already.;Johann Kaspar Lavater;society
You forget that you do choose your life and there are so many things to be grateful for and I feel like society has gotten to that point where we're always looking for the next and the better and we lose sight of what's actually in front of us.;Shailene Woodley;society
My mind boggles at the amount of violence inflicted upon children in today's society.;Samantha Morton;society
The huge problem in our society is the enormous ignorance of the ideas that underlie modern art.;Thom Mayne;society
I respond very well to well-written material and women who have had an effect on society, something tragic or monumental has happened to them.;Samantha Morton;society
The one thing that advances a society is not technology or so-called development it's love - that one principle.;Tom Shadyac;society
We are what make up society.;Tom Shadyac;society
The emphasis on the birth of Christ tends to polarize our pluralistic society and create legal and ethnic belligerence.;John Clayton;society
To give up the task of reforming society is to give up one's responsibility as a free man.;Alan Paton;society
The idea is, we're still a society where we recognize and see and even sometimes seek members of our own tribe, whatever that tribe is. It could be ethnic, religious, geographic, political.;Peter Guber;society
Putting women in military combat is the cutting edge of the feminist goal to force us into an androgynous society.;Phyllis Schlafly;society
Sweden is still a very peaceful country to live in. I think that people in Britain have created this mythology about Sweden, that it's a perfect democratic society full of erotically charged girls.;Henning Mankell;society
As you have fewer and fewer voices in a democracy, in a free society, it's not good to limit the number of voices.;Michael Moore;society
I work in an old tradition that goes back to the ancient Greeks. You hold a mirror to crime to see what's happening in society. I could never write a crime story just for the sake of it, because I always want to talk about certain things in society.;Henning Mankell;society
If you allow for a purely capitalistic society, without any type of regulation at all, you will get one monopoly that will eat all of the smaller fish and own everything, and then you'll have zero capitalism, zero competition - it would just be one giant company.;Serj Tankian;society
Awareness in our society has flipped all types of injustice on its head.;Serj Tankian;society
I think every artist should follow their vision, their hearts is what they need to reveal, not something that society is looking out for.;Serj Tankian;society
My brand is a demography-breaker. It speaks to all homemakers and women from all walks of life and all across society.;Sandra Lee;society
It is incumbent upon each of us to improve spending and savings practices to ensure our own individual financial security and preserve the collective economic well-being of our great society.;Ron Lewis;society
You cannot reform your society or institution without opening your mind.;Bashar al-Assad;society
I love the wry motto of the Paleontological Society, meant both literally and figuratively, for hammers are the main tool of our trade: Frango ut patefaciam - I break in order to reveal.;Stephen Jay Gould;society
The weapons were conceived and created by a small band of physicists and chemists they remain a cataclysmic threat to the whole of human society and the natural environment.;Barry Commoner;society
Redefining marriage will have huge implications for what is taught in our schools, and for wider society. It will redefine society since the institution of marriage is one of the fundamental building blocks of society. The repercussions of enacting same-sex marriage into law will be immense.;Keith O'Brien;society
There is no nonsense so gross that society will not, at some time, make a doctrine of it and defend it with every weapon of communal stupidity.;Robertson Davies;society
I think top scientists need to be compensated at a different scale in society. Somebody with experience will tell you that true scientists are not motivated by money - they are motivated by the quest itself. That is true. But I think an additional recognition will not hurt.;Yuri Milner;society
A free economy is as essential to society as democratic political institutions. A strong market-based economy is the fertile ground for democratic freedoms that we think are important.;Lee R. Raymond;society
On the other side of that coin, and far outweighing it, is the fact that I've been able to use genre of Fantasy/Horror and express my opinion, talk a little about society, do a little bit of satire and that's been great, man. A lot of people don't have that platform.;George A. Romero;society
I do feel like I have always, in my life, been inclined to be on the outside, walk a different path or something. Because of that, and increasingly over the years, my sense of distance from mainstream society or from the way culture works, I have a different kind of perception of it.;Ian MacKaye;society
The man in our society is the breadwinner the woman has enough to do as the homemaker, wife and mother.;Dorothy Fields;society
Badger hates Society, and invitations, and dinner, and all that sort of thing.;Kenneth Grahame;society
I think that when we have a better educated society, when there is less violence in our cities, when people get back into the workforce and have the opportunity to take care of themselves and their families - that for me really is the kind of success and the kind of America that I think most of us still want, we aspire to.;Michael Nutter;society
What makes me angry? The education of children. How in God's name can you expect to have a functioning society the way we teach our kids?;Kathleen Turner;society
Traditional Albanian society was based on a clan system and was further divided into brotherhoods and bajraks. The bajrak system identified a local leader, called a bajrakar, who could be counted on to provide a certain number of men for military duty.;Sebastian Junger;society
You shouldn't get to live in society and give nothing back. People complain about their taxes, yet they do nothing for the community. That makes me furious.;Kathleen Turner;society
Well, you got to remember, bin Laden killed 3,000 Americans and, in some ways, he and his ideology killed tens of thousands of his fellow Muslims, including Pakistanis. I understand that that was provocative and complicated for Pakistan, but only if you accept the idea that he was an acceptable member of Pakistani society.;Sebastian Junger;society
In emerging democracies like Russia, in authoritarian states like Iran or even Yugoslavia, journalists play a vital role in civil society. In fact, they form the very basis of those new democracies and civil societies.;Christiane Amanpour;society
I think human society for tens of thousands of years has sent young men out in small groups to do things that are necessary but very dangerous. And they've always gotten killed doing it. And they've always turned it into a matter of honor and a way of gaining acceptance back into society if they survived.;Sebastian Junger;society
RFK was a compelling figure because he was willing to challenge his audiences, and in turn connect with them in a unique way. Kennedy showed that our values define us and can inspire others to believe in the possibility of change and a better society.;Frances O'Grady;society
Europeans say they are proud of their social fabric, of strong rights for workers and the weak in society.;David Korten;society
That a society controls, to a greater or lesser extent, the behavior of its members is a universal but the methods, the particulars of that control, vary from one culture to another.;Kenneth L. Pike;society
I want a society that provides decent jobs for those who can work and decent security for those can't.;Frances O'Grady;society
The whole system of society tells you what to do.;Barry White;society
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.;Michael Jordan;sports
It's good sportsmanship to not pick up lost golf balls while they are still rolling.;Mark Twain;sports
Golf is a good walk spoiled.;Mark Twain;sports
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.;Hunter S. Thompson;sports
Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after.;Henry David Thoreau;sports
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up.;Muhammad Ali;sports
Just play. Have fun. Enjoy the game.;Michael Jordan;sports
Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you.;Satchel Paige;sports
As athletes, we're used to reacting quickly. Here, it's 'come, stop, come, stop.' There's a lot of downtime. That's the toughest part of the day.;Michael Jordan;sports
If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?;Vince Lombardi;sports
Gold medals aren't really made of gold. They're made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts.;Dan Gable;sports
People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring.;Rogers Hornsby;sports
Half the lies they tell about me aren't true.;Yogi Berra;sports
I want to rip out his heart and feed it to Lennox Lewis. I want to kill people. I want to rip their stomachs out and eat their children.;Mike Tyson;sports
You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.;Michael Phelps;sports
Show me a good loser, and I'll show you a loser.;Vince Lombardi;sports
A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be.;Wayne Gretzky;sports
Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting.;George Orwell;sports
I'd just as soon play tennis with the net down.;Robert Frost;sports
Baseball has the great advantage over cricket of being sooner ended.;George Bernard Shaw;sports
Winning is habit. Unfortunately, so is losing.;Vince Lombardi;sports
Hockey is a sport for white men. Basketball is a sport for black men. Golf is a sport for white men dressed like black pimps.;Tiger Woods;sports
I went to a fight the other night, and a hockey game broke out.;Rodney Dangerfield;sports
Adversity causes some men to break others to break records.;William Arthur Ward;sports
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.;William James;sports
I guess there is nothing that will get your mind off everything like golf. I have never been depressed enough to take up the game, but they say you get so sore at yourself you forget to hate your enemies.;Will Rogers;sports
I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match.;Mia Hamm;sports
If a man watches three football games in a row, he should be declared legally dead.;Erma Bombeck;sports
You wouldn't have won if we'd beaten you.;Yogi Berra;sports
My motto was always to keep swinging. Whether I was in a slump or feeling badly or having trouble off the field, the only thing to do was keep swinging.;Hank Aaron;sports
The game of golf would lose a great deal if croquet mallets and billiard cues were allowed on the putting green.;Ernest Hemingway;sports
Thus so wretched is man that he would weary even without any cause for weariness... and so frivolous is he that, though full of a thousand reasons for weariness, the least thing, such as playing billiards or hitting a ball, is sufficient enough to amuse him.;Blaise Pascal;sports
I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money. I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, wear Reebok.;Shaquille O'Neal;sports
I see great things in baseball. It's our game - the American game.;Walt Whitman;sports
The only time my prayers are never answered is on the golf course.;Billy Graham;sports
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer.;Ted Williams;sports
Academe, n.: An ancient school where morality and philosophy were taught. Academy, n.: A modern school where football is taught.;Ambrose Bierce;sports
