I believe that a child going without an education is a crime.;Kamala Harris;education
Each year, I say I'm going to go to school next year. It's inevitable that I'll end up getting my education.;Eliza Dushku;education
Illegal immigration is crisis for our country. It is an open door for drugs, criminals, and potential terrorists to enter our country. It is straining our economy, adding costs to our judicial, healthcare, and education systems.;Timothy Murphy;education
For this reason, to study English literature without some general knowledge of the relation of the Bible to that literature would be to leave one's literary education very incomplete.;Lafcadio Hearn;education
The true purpose of education is to teach a man to carry himself triumphant to the sunset.;Liberty Hyde Bailey;education
There have been studies that clearly state that children who are exposed to arts education at a young age will in fact do markedly better in their SAT tests.;Marvin Hamlisch;education
Interactions between fathers and children are the starting point of education.;Yoshihiko Noda;education
In our post-9/11 world, our Nation's military deserves, at least the same access to institutions of higher education that any other major employer might enjoy.;Mike Rogers;education
I'm sure everything has a bearing on what I'm doing. My family is a lower-middle-class family, there's lots of children, seven brothers, two sisters grew up together, fighting with each other, went to school. My mother went to school up to 4th grade. My father went to school up to 8th grade. So that's about the education level we had in the family.;Muhammad Yunus;education
Such schemes take money from people who can least afford to spend it to support an unneeded bureaucracy that eats money people thought they were providing for education.;Jesse Helms;education
Let people have an education and you can't stop them.;La Monte Young;education
If my career detour from special education to singing has done one thing, it has afforded me the opportunity to make a difference in the lives of others.;Clay Aiken;education
I went to school for special education. I always assumed when I had the opportunity I would love to try and help kids with disabilities.;Clay Aiken;education
I did get a degree in special education.;Clay Aiken;education
Years ago nobody was elected on the economic ticket. It was either the education platform, or it was health or it was other issues. It is only recently that economic values have superceded every other human value.;Anita Roddick;education
The education cuts in the President's budget are both irresponsible and morally unjustifiable.;Chaka Fattah;education
I hope to focus on what I'm passionate about because I think I'd do them best job on them - education, urban education, women and children's issues and literacy.;Jenna Bush;education
I don't think of myself as a policy expert. I think education is the most important thing.;Jenna Bush;education
My father made sure that I had lots of levels of education - from ballroom-dancing to painting, commando training, theatre and magic.;Baz Luhrmann;education
The parent knows instinctively that if they're working and setting an example for their child that means that child is more likely to be in school, more likely to stay out of trouble and more likely to complete their education.;John Engler;education
The first big break was winning a scholarship to go to Cambridge University. I was very lucky, because my parents couldn't have afforded a university education for me. Without a scholarship I couldn't possibly have gone.;Trevor Nunn;education
Except among those whose education has been in the minimalist style, it is understood that hasty moral judgments about the past are a form of injustice.;Jacques Barzun;education
Education is what remains when we have forgotten all that we have been taught.;George Savile;education
I was in fashion school, my brother has a law background, and my sister-in-law had worked in production, but none of us had a proper fashion business education.;Alexander Wang;education
No one should be denied the opportunity to get an education and increase their earning potential based solely on their inability to pay for a college education.;Bobby Scott;education
Studies have shown that inmate participation in education, vocational and job training, prison work skills development, drug abuse, mental health and other treatment programs, all reduce recidivism, significantly.;Bobby Scott;education
Unfortunately, the elimination of incentives such as parole, good time credits and funding for college courses, means that fewer inmates participate in and excel in literacy, education, treatment and other development programs.;Bobby Scott;education
In the Brown decision, the United States Supreme Court unanimously struck down the legal and moral footing of racially segregated public education in this country.;Bobby Scott;education
Today, education is perhaps the most important function of state and local governments.;Bobby Scott;education
A college education shows a man how little other people know.;Thomas Chandler Haliburton;education
As long as she is talented enough and passionate about doing it herself then I will be happy and support her. I think I will be sensible - my parents said I could only do it if I got my education and so I had something to fall back on.;Anna Friel;education
After completing a Delaware State education, they were afforded opportunities beyond anything they might have imagined - and they opened doors for themselves that surely would have remained closed if they only had a high school education.;Michael N. Castle;education
By climbing a steeper road, the value and appreciation Delaware State students took and continue to take from their education and their experiences is just as great, if not greater, than students attending ivy league schools.;Michael N. Castle;education
Delaware State began as a school bent on service - teaching education, social services and nursing.;Michael N. Castle;education
They were often the first students in their family to go to college and the very idea of higher education was still foreign to them. They had to make a conscious and often difficult decision to come to college.;Michael N. Castle;education
This is a value-added college education if I have heard one described. And what is the most remarkable about Delaware State University graduates - is they just keeping giving back.;Michael N. Castle;education
What we're doing now is we're saying that individual schools can spend the money on their own priorities, so that head teachers can decide what's truly important, because the big shift in approach on education that we're taking - which is different from what happened before - is that we trust teachers and we trust heads.;Michael Gove;education
Unfortunately, the real achievements of children on the ground became debased and devalued because Labor education secretaries sounded like Soviet commissars praising the tractor production figures when we know that those exams were not the rock-solid measures of achievement that children deserve.;Michael Gove;education
The big shift in approach on education that we are taking - which is different from what happened before - is that we trust teachers and we trust heads.;Michael Gove;education
The one thing we can do is invest in the quality of education, especially higher education.;Ron Kind;education
I also found that for myself, since I've had no religious education, it was so interesting to see the different versions of heaven and what life on earth means.;Barbara Walters;education
The present structure of rewards in high schools produces a response on the part of an adolescent social system which effectively impedes the process of education.;James S. Coleman;education
I scored a 910 on my SAT. I didn't care about education. I don't know what I cared about.;Skeet Ulrich;education
Because if you don't have a great workforce, a great higher education system, you're not going to have the next eBay, the next AmGen, the next, you know, Miasole, and not only California but America is going to fall behind a whole new competitive context which is obviously China, India, and other countries.;Meg Whitman;education
You can't stand for too many things. You can't use the bully pulpit for too many things. So, I promise you, every day, I am going to talk about jobs, spending, and education.;Meg Whitman;education
It's commonly said that people who've been ill in childhood and who've had an upset education never really regret that they do. It means that you don't look at the world in the way that other people do, and if you were inclined to be a writer, that's a help.;John Keegan;education
I think we spend too much on K-12 education a.k.a. teachers' salaries. It's the only industry where you never see any productivity increases.;Peter Brimelow;education
I'd like to work with kids in special education - younger kids.;John Madden;education
The U.S. tries to provide immigrants who grow up here with a world-class education and imbue them with the can-do attitude that has long defined American innovation.;Gary Locke;education
I think the most important issue for all of us is our economy and jobs and creating opportunities for young people to be able to get the education that you need to be able to afford to go to college.;Debbie Stabenow;education
When they favor the access of other people to education and health care, the countries of the North not only demonstrate generosity or solidarity, but also implement the principles of respecting and promoting human rights.;Omar Bongo;education
I did get a very fine education, and not just in science. It took some pressure on the part of my elders to convince me that I really should take an interest in humanities.;Joshua Lederberg;education
I think of it as a good opportunity to let, in particular, school kids know that this job and other interesting jobs in science and engineering are open to anyone who works hard in school and gets a good education and studies math and science. And that it's not just for a select group of people.;Ellen Ochoa;education
My mum and dad had worked incredibly hard to afford me an education.;Benedict Cumberbatch;education
My parents always made education and school the number one priority. They believed that an education is the best gift you can give to your child.;Debra Messing;education
The message of women's liberation is that women can love each other and ourselves against our degrading education.;Jane Rule;education
The Recovery plan will put money in the pockets of the American worker, create and save millions of new jobs and invest in crucial areas such as health care, education, energy independence and a new infrastructure.;Valerie Jarrett;education
We're failing our children with education, we're failing our environment.;Carol Moseley Braun;education
I'm committed to universal health coverage and education.;Carol Moseley Braun;education
I am a firm believer in education and have worked very hard to tell young Latinos that they must go to college and that, if possible, they should pursue an advanced degree. I am convinced that education is the great equalizer.;Jimmy Smits;education
Good education means learning to read, write and most importantly learn how to learn so that you can be whatever you want to be when you grow up.;Patty Murray;education
I realized that I would have some very tough sledding, and I was very discouraged because I didn't see much hope of getting into the field I wanted to get into with no college education.;Clyde Tombaugh;education
It was depressing, very depressing. I worried about how I would make a living. I didn't want to stay on the farm. It didn't offer the challenge I wanted and yet, without a college education, I felt that I was really out of luck.;Clyde Tombaugh;education
My job is to make sure that if you're a family in Florida, your children can get a good education and you have the opportunity for a job. That's my job and that's what I think about every day.;Rick Scott;education
Unless we make education a priority, an entire generation of Americans could miss out on the American dream.;Blanche Lincoln;education
I do think that a general liberal arts education is very important, particularly in an uncertain changing world.;Steve Case;education
So what it boils down to, in my humble opinion, is that we need to support the arts in schools, and at every other level in the education of children.;Phil Lesh;education
Education should be one of our top funding priorities talking about it does not help the teachers and students who desperately need promises fulfilled.;Solomon Ortiz;education
Education makes children less dependent upon others and opens doors to better jobs and career possibilities.;Solomon Ortiz;education
Education is the silver bullet to improve this Nation's standing worldwide... and our teachers know that.;Solomon Ortiz;education
I think that every child grows up with the ideas that what we are given, is our society. Your education, and your mother and father, they tell you this is how it is, but then you hit adolescence and you think, 'Is it? Why? Why is it like that?' Sometimes that questioning leads to something more.;Alice Englert;education
The very effect of the education they were given... was to make men think and, thinking, they became less and less satisfied with the miserable pays they received.;John Grierson;education
I have a greater goal - to empower young people through music education.;Ruben Studdard;education
Our mother was a very religious and observant Jew, our father less so. She was kind of driving the religious education, so for us it was more a burden and an obligation when we were kids at that age.;Joel Coen;education
Health and education are always issues.;Helen Clark;education
And I'm very surprised that all this stuff actually worked out to where I could have a career in film, gain the benefit of my education, and be thankful that I was able to break into my craft as an actor.;Terrence Howard;education
If it is the duty of the State to educate, it is the duty of the State also to bear the burden of education, namely, the taxation out of which education is provided.;Edmund Barton;education
It's amazing to me that they're cutting physical education programs in the school systems.;Shannon Miller;education
Education technology and school construction go together. Modernization, updating education facilities, and making a capital investment in education are all included.;Major Owens;education
Education technology is very important because we have a massive challenge in public schools.;Major Owens;education
Excitement in education and student productivity, the ability to get a result that you want from students, go together and cannot be separated.;Major Owens;education
I will continue my activities related to education in one way or another. I certainly would have at the top my agenda, with respect to education, the need to do much better with modern educational technology.;Major Owens;education
The American Dream is still alive out there, and hard work will get you there. You don't necessarily need to have an Ivy League education or to have millions of dollars startup money. It can be done with an idea, hard work and determination.;Bill Rancic;education
My parents are very hard working people who did everything they could for their children. I have two brothers and they worked dog hard to give us an education and provide us with the most comfortable life possible. My dad provided for his family daily. So, yes, that is definitely in my DNA.;David Oyelowo;education
Parents should conduct their arguments in quiet, respectful tones, but in a foreign language. You'd be surprised what an inducement that is to the education of children.;Judith Martin;education
A university is not a political party, and an education is not an indoctrination.;David Horowitz;education
I've been working with the National Lung Health Education Program to raise awareness about Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.;Loni Anderson;education
We had great faith that with patience, understanding, and education, that my family and I could be helpful in changing their minds and attitudes around.;Ryan White;education
There is no war on women. Women are doing well. But women are thoughtful. And what we in the Republican Party and across the country, Republican, Independents and Democrat women say is we're more thoughtful than a label. We care about jobs and the economy and healthcare and education. We care about a lot of different things.;Nikki Haley;education
I knew from a young age that I wanted to be an actor. I never even thought about other careers. The acting field is certainly not the path many Indian parents encourage their children to take, but mine were very supportive. They wanted me to have an education, but understood that this is what I wanted to do.;Archie Panjabi;education
Let them be reassured, it has never been one of our intentions to ban religion in society, but solely to protect the national education system from any conspicuous display of religious affiliation.;Jean-Pierre Raffarin;education
Iran is not a make-believe country. It is a real country populated by some 75 million people - real people including, I daresay, a majority who are philosophically and by education inclined toward the modern, secular world, and particularly American values.;Bob Barr;education
Napoleon was probably the equal at least of Washington in intellect, his superior in education. Both of them were successful in serving the state.;Matthew Simpson;education
Education is a vacine for violence.;Edward James Olmos;education
Education is the key. But it's the kind of education that we teach that is the key. We don't have it.;Edward James Olmos;education
Universal suffrage should rest upon universal education. To this end, liberal and permanent provision should be made for the support of free schools by the State governments, and, if need be, supplemented by legitimate aid from national authority.;Rutherford B. Hayes;education
Law without education is a dead letter. With education the needed law follows without effort and, of course, with power to execute itself indeed, it seems to execute itself.;Rutherford B. Hayes;education
I am less disposed to think of a West Point education as requisite for this business than I was at first. Good sense and energy are the qualities required.;Rutherford B. Hayes;education
Many seventh graders I know in Illinois, as well as around the Nation, are studying the Constitution. I was pretty impressed with the quality of education our children are receiving because they had not expected me to ask them about it.;Melissa Bean;education
