Freedom of opinion can only exist when the government thinks itself secure.;Bertrand Russell;government
No one should negotiate their dreams. Dreams must be free to fly high. No government, no legislature, has a right to limit your dreams. You should never agree to surrender your dreams.;Jesse Jackson;government
The income tax created more criminals than any other single act of government.;Barry Goldwater;government
The federal government has sponsored research that has produced a tomato that is perfect in every respect, except that you can't eat it. We should make every effort to make sure this disease, often referred to as 'progress', doesn't spread.;Andy Rooney;government
Both the American people and nations that censor the internet should understand that our government is committed to helping promote internet freedom.;Hillary Clinton;government
But whether the Constitution really be one thing, or another, this much is certain - that it has either authorized such a government as we have had, or has been powerless to prevent it. In either case, it is unfit to exist.;Lysander Spooner;government
In the long-run every Government is the exact symbol of its People, with their wisdom and unwisdom we have to say, Like People like Government.;Thomas Carlyle;government
As I speak to you today, government censors somewhere are working furiously to erase my words from the records of history. But history itself has already condemned these tactics.;Hillary Clinton;government
Perhaps the fact that we have seen millions voting themselves into complete dependence on a tyrant has made our generation understand that to choose one's government is not necessarily to secure freedom.;Friedrich August von Hayek;government
If everybody in this town connected with politics had to leave town because of chasing women and drinking, you would have no government.;Barry Goldwater;government
A little group of willful men, representing no opinion but their own, have rendered the great government of the United States helpless and contemptible.;Woodrow Wilson;government
One of my goals upon becoming Secretary of State was to take diplomacy out of capitals, out of government offices, into the media, into the streets of countries.;Hillary Clinton;government
The nuclear arsenal that Pakistan has, I believe is secure. I think the government and the military have taken adequate steps to protect that.;Hillary Clinton;government
If you are working 50 hours a week in a factory, you don't have time to read 10 newspapers a day and go back to declassified government archives. But such people may have far-reaching insights into the way the world works.;Noam Chomsky;government
Nothing turns out to be so oppressive and unjust as a feeble government.;Edmund Burke;government
You know why there's a Second Amendment? In case the government fails to follow the first one.;Rush Limbaugh;government
A claim for equality of material position can be met only by a government with totalitarian powers.;Friedrich August von Hayek;government
While all other sciences have advanced, that of government is at a standstill - little better understood, little better practiced now than three or four thousand years ago.;John Adams;government
Gun control means control. It means control for the government and the government starts controlling the people.;Luke Scott;government
I don't think the government is out to get me or help someone else get me but it wouldn't surprise me if they were out to sell me something or help someone else sell me something. I mean, why else would the Census Bureau want to know my telephone number?;Andy Rooney;government
And I have no doubt that every new example will succeed, as every past one has done, in showing that religion and Government will both exist in greater purity, the less they are mixed together.;James Madison;government
For those who aspire to live in a high cost, high tax, big government place, our nation and the world offers plenty of options. Vermont, Canada and Venezuela all offer you the opportunity to live in the socialist, big government paradise you long for.;Marco Rubio;government
Whatever it is that the government does, sensible Americans would prefer that the government does it to somebody else. This is the idea behind foreign policy.;P. J. O'Rourke;government
As long as our government is administered for the good of the people, and is regulated by their will as long as it secures to us the rights of persons and of property, liberty of conscience and of the press, it will be worth defending.;Andrew Jackson;government
We don't need a weakened government but a strong government that would take responsibility for the rights of the individual and care for the society as a whole.;Vladimir Putin;government
The black market was a way of getting around government controls. It was a way of enabling the free market to work. It was a way of opening up, enabling people.;Milton Friedman;government
A popular government without popular information or the means of acquiring it, is but a prologue to a farce, or a tragedy, or perhaps both.;James Madison;government
The essence of a free government consists in an effectual control of rivalries.;John Adams;government
We must always remember that America is a great nation today not because of what government did for people but because of what people did for themselves and for one another.;Richard M. Nixon;government
The first duty of government is to see that people have food, fuel, and clothes. The second, that they have means of moral and intellectual education.;John Ruskin;government
For Forms of Government let fools contest whatever is best administered is best.;Alexander Pope;government
The government of the United States is a device for maintaining in perpetuity the rights of the people, with the ultimate extinction of all privileged classes.;Calvin Coolidge;government
Any government that supports, protects or harbours terrorists is complicit in the murder of the innocent and equally guilty of terrorist crimes.;George W. Bush;government
The mystery of government is not how Washington works but how to make it stop.;P. J. O'Rourke;government
I also believe that government has no business telling us how we should live our lives. I think our lifestyle choices should be left up to us. What we do in our private lives is none of the government's business. That position rules out the Republican Party for me.;Jesse Ventura;government
War should only be declared by the authority of the people, whose toils and treasures are to support its burdens, instead of the government which is to reap its fruits.;James Madison;government
No Government can be long secure without a formidable Opposition.;Benjamin Disraeli;government
I know it's going to be the private sector that leads this country out of the current economic times we're in. You can spend your money better than the government can spend your money.;George W. Bush;government
If government were a product, selling it would be illegal.;P. J. O'Rourke;government
Ever occur to you why some of us can be this much concerned with animals suffering? Because government is not. Why not? Animals don't vote.;Paul Harvey;government
That fatal drollery called a representative government.;Benjamin Disraeli;government
I hope all of you are going to fill out your census form when it comes in the mail next month. If you don't return the form the area you live in might get less government money and you wouldn't want that to happen, would you.;Andy Rooney;government
A President needs political understanding to run the government, but he may be elected without it.;Harry S. Truman;government
Government proposes, bureaucracy disposes. And the bureaucracy must dispose of government proposals by dumping them on us.;P. J. O'Rourke;government
The future is not Big Government. Self-serving politicians. Powerful bureaucrats. This has been tried, tested throughout history. The result has always been disaster. President Obama, your agenda is not new. It's not change, and it's not hope.;Rush Limbaugh;government
Do we believe that the goal of government is to promote equal opportunity for all Americans to make the most of their lives? Or, do we now believe that government's role is to equalize the results of peoples lives?;Paul Ryan;government
Poor people cannot rely on the government to come to help you in times of need. You have to get your education. Then nobody can control your destiny.;Charles Barkley;government
Fiscal conservatism is just an easy way to express something that is a bit more difficult, which is that the size and scope of government, and really the size and scope of politics in our lives, has grown uncomfortable, unwieldy, intrusive and inefficient.;P. J. O'Rourke;government
We need to understand that we as citizens and as a government in any community throughout this country have no more important obligation than to educate those who are going to replace us.;Colin Powell;government
Our whole constitutional heritage rebels at the thought of giving government the power to control men's minds.;Thurgood Marshall;government
Politically, the world is so confused right now - there's so much suffering caused by various movements by various parties and people in power in government.;Alice Walker;government
If any foreign minister begins to defend to the death a 'peace conference,' you can be sure his government has already placed its orders for new battleships and airplanes.;Joseph Stalin;government
Democrats think the country works better with a strong middle class, real opportunities for poor people to work their way into it and a relentless focus on the future, with business and government working together to promote growth and broadly shared prosperity. We think 'we're all in this together' is a better philosophy than 'you're on your own.';William J. Clinton;government
What would annoy the most people most often? That is the true left-wing test of government intervention.;P. J. O'Rourke;government
This used to be a government of checks and balances. Now it's all checks and no balances.;Gracie Allen;government
When you have an efficient government, you have a dictatorship.;Harry S. Truman;government
Government's first duty and highest obligation is public safety.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;government
By a continuing process of inflation, government can confiscate, secretly and unobserved, an important part of the wealth of their citizens.;John Maynard Keynes;government
The problem with leaderless uprisings taking over is that you don't always know what you get at the other end. If you are not careful you could replace a bad government with one much worse!;Chinua Achebe;government
We need a government, alas, because of the nature of humans.;P. J. O'Rourke;government
The inherent purpose of American government is let people seek their own goals and to encourage them to be responsible on the various adventures they have on their way to those goals, good, bad, and otherwise.;P. J. O'Rourke;government
The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry.;William F. Buckley, Jr.;government
When you decide to get involved in a military operation in a place like Syria, you've got to be prepared, as we learned from Iraq and Afghanistan, to become the government, and I'm not sure any country, either the United States or I don't hear of anyone else, who's willing to take on that responsibility.;Colin Powell;government
The most important ways in which I think the Internet will affect the big issue is that it will make it more difficult for government to collect taxes.;Milton Friedman;government
And that's really what's happening in this country is a violation of the First Commandment. We have become a country entrenched in idolatry, and that idolatry is the dependency upon our government. We're supposed to depend upon God for our protection and our provision and for our daily bread, not for our government.;Sharron Angle;government
It's a very sobering feeling to be up in space and realize that one's safety factor was determined by the lowest bidder on a government contract.;Alan Shepard;government
One of the things the government can't do is run anything. The only things our government runs are the post office and the railroads, and both of them are bankrupt.;Lee Iacocca;government
I have no doubt but that the misery of the lower classes will be found to abate whenever the Government assumes a freer aspect and the laws favor a subdivision of Property.;James Madison;government
The people are the only legitimate fountain of power, and it is from them that the constitutional charter, under which the several branches of government hold their power, is derived.;James Madison;government
When one may pay out over two million dollars to presidential and Congressional campaigns, the U.S. government is virtually up for sale.;John W. Gardner;government
We got rid of a terrible dictator. We gave the Iraqi people an opportunity for a new life under a representative form of government.;Colin Powell;government
We all hoped in 2001 that we could put in place an Afghan government under President Karzai that would be able to control the country, make sure al-Qaeda didn't come back, and make sure the Taliban wasn't resurging. It didn't work out.;Colin Powell;government
Money is power, and in that government which pays all the public officers of the states will all political power be substantially concentrated.;Andrew Jackson;government
Government has no other end, but the preservation of property.;John Locke;government
The essence of Government is power and power, lodged as it must be in human hands, will ever be liable to abuse.;James Madison;government
We believe a renewed commitment to limited government will unshackle our economy and create millions of new jobs and opportunities for all people, of every background, to succeed and prosper. Under this approach, the spirit of initiative - not political clout - determines who succeeds.;Paul Ryan;government
Government is an evil it is only the thoughtlessness and vices of men that make it a necessary evil. When all men are good and wise, government will of itself decay.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;government
I don't look for much to come out of government ownership as long as we have Democrats and Republicans.;Kin Hubbard;government
To restore the trust of the people, we must reform the way the government operates.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;government
When the people become involved in their government, government becomes more accountable, and our society is stronger, more compassionate, and better prepared for the challenges of the future.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;government
I would not give half a guinea to live under one form of government other than another. It is of no moment to the happiness of an individual.;Samuel Johnson;government
In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men you must first enable the government to control the governed and in the next place oblige it to control itself.;James Madison;government
We are a forward-looking people, and we must have a forward-looking government.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;government
I feel good because I believe I have made progress in rebuilding the people's trust in their government.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;government
As president, Reagan worked very well with Democrats to do big things. It is true that he worked to reduce the size of government and cut federal taxes and he eliminated many regulations, but he also raised taxes when necessary.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;government
A government, for protecting business only, is but a carcass, and soon falls by its own corruption and decay.;Amos Bronson Alcott;government
The new rage is to say that the government is the cause of all our problems, and if only we had no government, we'd have no problems. I can tell you, that contradicts evidence, history, and common sense.;William J. Clinton;government
I only ask of the government to be treated as all other men are treated.;Chief Joseph;government
The diversity in the faculties of men, from which the rights of property originate, is not less an insuperable obstacle to an uniformity of interests. The protection of these faculties is the first object of government.;James Madison;government
The union movement has been the best middle class job creating program that America has ever had, and it doesn't cost the government a dime.;Andy Stern;government
When man lives under government, he is fallen, his worth is gone, and his nature tarnished.;Adam Weishaupt;government
What is government itself but the greatest of all reflections on human nature? If men were angels, no government would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary.;James Madison;government
To suppose that any form of government will secure liberty or happiness without any virtue in the people, is a chimerical idea.;James Madison;government
There is not much less vexation in the government of a private family than in the managing of an entire state.;Michel de Montaigne;government
We don't need new taxes. We need new taxpayers, people that are gainfully employed, making money and paying into the tax system. And then we need a government that has the discipline to take that additional revenue and use it to pay down the debt and never grow it again.;Marco Rubio;government
When there is a lack of honor in government, the morals of the whole people are poisoned.;Herbert Hoover;government
I think art education, especially in this country, which government pretty much ignores, is so important for young people.;Mikhail Baryshnikov;government
A politician is a man who understands government. A statesman is a politician who's been dead for 15 years.;Harry S. Truman;government
Though the people support the government the government should not support the people.;Grover Cleveland;government
