I've written some poetry I don't understand myself.;Carl Sandburg;poetry
We read Robert Browning's poetry. Here we needed no guidance from the professor: the poems themselves were enough.;Carl Sandburg;poetry
When I was writing pretty poor poetry, this girl with midnight black hair told me to go on.;Carl Sandburg;poetry
Poetry is a phantom script telling how rainbows are made and why they go away.;Carl Sandburg;poetry
Yet, it is true, poetry is delicious the best prose is that which is most full of poetry.;Virginia Woolf;poetry
Write verse, not poetry. The public wants verse. If you have a talent for poetry, then don't by any means mother it, but try your hand at verse.;Robert W. Service;poetry
The sort of poetry I seek resides in objects man can't touch.;E. M. Forster;poetry
In science one tries to tell people, in such a way as to be understood by everyone, something that no one ever knew before. But in poetry, it's the exact opposite.;Paul Dirac;poetry
Lean your body forward slightly to support the guitar against your chest, for the poetry of the music should resound in your heart.;Andres Segovia;poetry
Teach you children poetry it opens the mind, lends grace to wisdom and makes the heroic virtues hereditary.;Walter Scott;poetry
The crown of literature is poetry.;W. Somerset Maugham;poetry
Poetry should be great and unobtrusive, a thing which enters into one's soul, and does not startle it or amaze it with itself, but with its subject.;John Keats;poetry
For awhile after you quit Keats all other poetry seems to be only whistling or humming.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;poetry
Poetry is the universal language which the heart holds with nature and itself. He who has a contempt for poetry, cannot have much respect for himself, or for anything else.;William Hazlitt;poetry
I grew up in this town, my poetry was born between the hill and the river, it took its voice from the rain, and like the timber, it steeped itself in the forests.;Pablo Neruda;poetry
The blood jet is poetry and there is no stopping it.;Sylvia Plath;poetry
You will not find poetry anywhere unless you bring some of it with you.;Joseph Joubert;poetry
I am two fools, I know, for loving, and for saying so in whining poetry.;John Donne;poetry
When truth has no burning, then it is philosophy, when it gets burning from the heart, it becomes poetry.;Muhammad Iqbal;poetry
At the age when Bengali youth almost inevitably writes poetry, I was listening to European classical music.;Satyajit Ray;poetry
The dance can reveal everything mysterious that is hidden in music, and it has the additional merit of being human and palpable. Dancing is poetry with arms and legs.;Charles Baudelaire;poetry
Every now and then I read a poem that does touch something in me, but I never turn to poetry for solace or pleasure in the way that I throw myself into prose.;J. K. Rowling;poetry
As an actor, there is room for a certain amount of creativity, but you're always ultimately going to be saying somebody else's words. I don't think I'd have the stamina, skill or ability to write a novel, but I'd love to write short stories and poetry, because those are my two passions.;Daniel Radcliffe;poetry
Thinking in its lower grades, is comparable to paper money, and in its higher forms it is a kind of poetry.;Havelock Ellis;poetry
Poetry and progress are like two ambitious men who hate one another with an instinctive hatred, and when they meet upon the same road, one of them has to give place.;Charles Baudelaire;poetry
In the television age, the key distinction is between the candidate who can speak poetry and the one who can only speak prose.;Richard M. Nixon;poetry
Poetry is as precise a thing as geometry.;Gustave Flaubert;poetry
Music begins to atrophy when it departs too far from the dance... poetry begins to atrophy when it gets too far from music.;Ezra Pound;poetry
Experience has taught me, when I am shaving of a morning, to keep watch over my thoughts, because, if a line of poetry strays into my memory, my skin bristles so that the razor ceases to act.;A. E. Housman;poetry
All one's inventions are true, you can be sure of that. Poetry is as exact a science as geometry.;Gustave Flaubert;poetry
Poetry lifts the veil from the hidden beauty of the world, and makes familiar objects be as if they were not familiar.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;poetry
Poetry is the record of the best and happiest moments of the happiest and best minds.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;poetry
Poetry is a sword of lightning, ever unsheathed, which consumes the scabbard that would contain it.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;poetry
Poetry, even when apparently most fantastic, is always a revolt against artifice, a revolt, in a sense, against actuality.;James Joyce;poetry
Writing criticism is to writing fiction and poetry as hugging the shore is to sailing in the open sea.;John Updike;poetry
Poetry is a beautiful way of spoiling prose, and the laborious art of exchanging plain sense for harmony.;Horace Walpole;poetry
Poetry is not only dream and vision it is the skeleton architecture of our lives. It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before.;Audre Lorde;poetry
Poetry is the work of poets, not of peoples or communities artistic creation can never be anything but the production of an individual mind.;Lascelles Abercrombie;poetry
But I liked Yeats! That wild Irishman. I really loved his love of language, his flow. His chaotic ideas seemed to me just the right thing for a poet. Passion! He was always on the right side. He may be wrongheaded, but his heart was always on the right side. He wrote beautiful poetry.;Chinua Achebe;poetry
Poetry is indispensable - if I only knew what for.;Jean Cocteau;poetry
Poetry consists in a rhyming dictionary and things seen.;Gertrude Stein;poetry
France is not poetic she even feels, in fact, a congenital horror of poetry. Among the writers who use verse, those whom she will always prefer are the most prosaic.;Charles Baudelaire;poetry
Women do not have as great a need for poetry because their own essence is poetry.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;poetry
I love Sufism as I love beautiful poetry, but it is not the answer. Sufism is like a mirage in the desert. It says to you, come and sit, relax and enjoy yourself for a while.;Naguib Mahfouz;poetry
Writing a book of poetry is like dropping a rose petal down the Grand Canyon and waiting for the echo.;Don Marquis;poetry
When superstition is allowed to perform the task of old age in dulling the human temperament, we can say goodbye to all excellence in poetry, in painting, and in music.;Denis Diderot;poetry
I came to poetry through the urgent need to denounce injustice, exploitation, humiliation. I know that's not enough to change the world. But to remain silent would have been a kind of intolerable complicity.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;poetry
And New York is the most beautiful city in the world? It is not far from it. No urban night is like the night there... Squares after squares of flame, set up and cut into the aether. Here is our poetry, for we have pulled down the stars to our will.;Ezra Pound;poetry
A definition of poetry can only determine what poetry should be and not what poetry actually was and is otherwise the most concise formula would be: Poetry is that which at some time and some place was thus named.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;poetry
The poetry of this one is called philosophical, of that one philological, of a third rhetorical, and so on. Which is then the poetic poetry?;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;poetry
Women are treated as unjustly in poetry as in life. The feminine ones are not idealistic, and the idealistic not feminine.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;poetry
One has only as much morality as one has philosophy and poetry.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;poetry
From what the moderns want, we must learn what poetry should become from what the ancients did, what poetry must be.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;poetry
He who has religion will speak poetry. But philosophy is the tool with which to seek and discover religion.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;poetry
Versatility of education can be found in our best poetry, but the depth of mankind should be found in the philosopher.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;poetry
Nothing truly convincing - which would possess thoroughness, vigor, and skill - has been written against the ancients as yet especially not against their poetry.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;poetry
Mathematics is, as it were, a sensuous logic, and relates to philosophy as do the arts, music, and plastic art to poetry.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;poetry
If you want to see mankind fully, look at a family. Within the family minds become organically one, and for this reason the family is total poetry.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;poetry
There are certain things in which mediocrity is not to be endured, such as poetry, music, painting, public speaking.;Jean de la Bruyere;poetry
A verbal art like poetry is reflective it stops to think. Music is immediate, it goes on to become.;W. H. Auden;poetry
Before people complain of the obscurity of modern poetry, they should first examine their consciences and ask themselves with how many people and on how many occasions they have genuinely and profoundly shared some experience with another.;W. H. Auden;poetry
Every American poet feels that the whole responsibility for contemporary poetry has fallen upon his shoulders, that he is a literary aristocracy of one.;W. H. Auden;poetry
Poetry must have something in it that is barbaric, vast and wild.;Denis Diderot;poetry
I never really liked poetry readings I liked to read poetry by myself, but I liked singing, chanting my lyrics to this jazz group.;Leonard Cohen;poetry
I always thought that poetry is the verdict that others give to a certain kind of writing. So to call yourself a poet is a kind of dangerous description. It's for others it's for others to use.;Leonard Cohen;poetry
I think the term poet is a very exalted term and should be applied to a man at the end of his work. When he looks back over the body of his work and he's written poetry then let the verdict be that he's a poet.;Leonard Cohen;poetry
Well you can't teach the poetry, but you can teach the craft.;David Hockney;poetry
The only thing that can save the world is the reclaiming of the awareness of the world. That's what poetry does.;Allen Ginsberg;poetry
I have nothing to say, I am saying it, and that is poetry.;John Cage;poetry
I'm fascinated by rap and by hip-hop. I think there's a lot of poetry in it. There's a lot of anger, a lot of social energy in it. And I think you'd better listen to it pretty carefully, 'cause it's important.;John F. Kerry;poetry
If the object of poetry is, to make men, then poetry is the heir of prophecy.;Muhammad Iqbal;poetry
I certainly derived my skills as a prose writer from my scrutiny of poetry and of the individual word. But schools don't do things like that anymore - tracking words down to their roots.;Camille Paglia;poetry
Sometimes the beauty is easy. Sometimes you don't have to try at all. Sometimes you can hear the wind blow in a handshake. Sometimes there's poetry written right on the bathroom wall.;Ani DiFranco;poetry
Dancing is the poetry of the foot.;John Dryden;poetry
I wish our clever young poets would remember my homely definitions of prose and poetry that is, prose = words in their best order - poetry = the best words in the best order.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;poetry
Poetry has been to me its own exceeding great reward it has given me the habit of wishing to discover the good and beautiful in all that meets and surrounds me.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;poetry
But the gravest difficulty, and perhaps the most important, in poetry meant solely for recitation, is the difficulty of achieving verbal beauty, or rather of making verbal beauty tell.;Lascelles Abercrombie;poetry
Those who have never entered upon scientific pursuits know not a tithe of the poetry by which they are surrounded.;Herbert Spencer;poetry
I want to branch out. I want to write. I write poetry. I want to see my children grow up well.;Annie Lennox;poetry
Poetry is emotion put into measure. The emotion must come by nature, but the measure can be acquired by art.;Thomas Hardy;poetry
Poetry involves the mysteries of the irrational perceived through rational words.;Vladimir Nabokov;poetry
Is there any purpose to translating poetry? A poem does not contain information of importance, like a signpost or a warning notice.;James Buchan;poetry
Plot, rules, nor even poetry, are not half so great beauties in tragedy or comedy as a just imitation of nature, of character, of the passions and their operations in diversified situations.;Horace Walpole;poetry
Well, I still write poetry, but I wouldn't call myself a poet.;David Duchovny;poetry
The poetry of a people comes from the deep recesses of the unconscious, the irrational and the collective body of our ancestral memories.;Margaret Walker;poetry
I was a 16-year-old girl at one point, so of course I wrote poetry.;Elizabeth Edwards;poetry
When you're going through something, whether it's a wonderful thing like having a child or a sad thing like losing somebody, you often feel like 'Oh my God, I'm so overwhelmed I'm dealing with this huge thing on my own.' In fact, poetry's a nice reminder that, no, everybody goes through it. These are universal experiences.;Caroline Kennedy;poetry
I have written some songs, but I would really call what I've done poetry at the end of the day, because I'll sit with my guitar for hours and hours on end for, like, a week and then I won't touch it for a month. I also just have no confidence. And you know what? I don't have time, because I'd rather be doing other things, like knitting.;Amanda Seyfried;poetry
There is little premium in poetry in a world that thinks of Pound and Whitman as a weight and a sampler, not an Ezra, a Walt, a thing of beauty, a joy forever.;Anna Quindlen;poetry
In poetry everything which must be said is almost impossible to say well.;Paul Valery;poetry
Poetry remembers that it was an oral art before it was a written art.;Jorge Luis Borges;poetry
I did not have a very literary background. I came to poetry from the sciences and mathematics, and also through an interest in Japanese and Chinese poetry in translation.;Robert Morgan;poetry
Art: If the object of poetry is, to make men, then poetry is the heir of prophecy.;Muhammad Iqbal;poetry
Money is everywhere but so is poetry. What we lack are the poets.;Federico Fellini;poetry
Romance like a ghost escapes touching it is always where you are not, not where you are. The interview or conversation was prose at the time, but it is poetry in the memory.;George William Curtis;poetry
Poetry is what Milton saw when he went blind.;Don Marquis;poetry
The musician is perhaps the most modest of animals, but he is also the proudest. It is he who invented the sublime art of ruining poetry.;Erik Satie;poetry
I gave up on new poetry myself 30 years ago when most of it began to read like coded messages passing between lonely aliens in a hostile world.;Russell Baker;poetry
I find a lot of poetry to be narcissistic.;Joni Mitchell;poetry
