An education which does not cultivate the will is an education that depraves the mind.;Anatole France;education
You may be a redneck if... you have spent more on your pickup truck than on your education.;Jeff Foxworthy;education
It is because the body is a machine that education is possible. Education is the formation of habits, a superinducing of an artificial organization upon the natural organization of the body.;Thomas Huxley;education
Education has failed in a very serious way to convey the most important lesson science can teach: skepticism.;David Suzuki;education
Until justice is blind to color, until education is unaware of race, until opportunity is unconcerned with the color of men's skins, emancipation will be a proclamation but not a fact.;Lyndon B. Johnson;education
Good manners will open doors that the best education cannot.;Clarence Thomas;education
The aim of education is the knowledge, not of facts, but of values.;William S. Burroughs;education
You know there is a problem with the education system when you realize that out of the 3 R's only one begins with an R.;Dennis Miller;education
Education is the key to success in life, and teachers make a lasting impact in the lives of their students.;Solomon Ortiz;education
We have entered an age in which education is not just a luxury permitting some men an advantage over others. It has become a necessity without which a person is defenseless in this complex, industrialized society. We have truly entered the century of the educated man.;Lyndon B. Johnson;education
My childhood was safe and sane. No abuse and no traumas. I was surrounded by a large and loving family who taught me the importance of hard work and a meaningful education.;Ronnie James Dio;education
Education is a human right with immense power to transform. On its foundation rest the cornerstones of freedom, democracy and sustainable human development.;Kofi Annan;education
Anyone who has passed though the regular gradations of a classical education, and is not made a fool by it, may consider himself as having had a very narrow escape.;William Hazlitt;education
If we help an educated man's daughter to go to Cambridge are we not forcing her to think not about education but about war? - not how she can learn, but how she can fight in order that she might win the same advantages as her brothers?;Virginia Woolf;education
I believe that education is all about being excited about something. Seeing passion and enthusiasm helps push an educational message.;Steve Irwin;education
No one can get an education, for of necessity education is a continuing process.;Louis L'Amour;education
For every successful actor or actress, there are countless numbers who don't make it. The name of the game is rejection. You go to an audition and you're told you're too tall or you're too Irish or your nose is not quite right. You're rejected for your education, you're rejected for this or that and it's really tough.;Liam Neeson;education
Poverty is multidimensional. It extends beyond money incomes to education, health care, political participation and advancement of one's own culture and social organisation.;Atal Bihari Vajpayee;education
Education is our only political safety. Outside of this ark all is deluge.;Horace Mann;education
I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education.;Wilson Mizner;education
Education is the power to think clearly, the power to act well in the worlds work, and the power to appreciate life.;Brigham Young;education
Education and democracy have the same goal: the fullest possible development of human capabilities.;Paul Wellstone;education
I think that you have to do everything you can do to empower girls when they are young, from their education, to their successful independence, to their sexual self-knowledge.;Susie Bright;education
Only a liberal senator from Massachusetts would say that a 49 percent increase in funding for education was not enough.;George W. Bush;education
I do not want art for a few any more than education for a few, or freedom for a few.;William Morris;education
See, that's why Barack's running: to end the war in Iraq responsibly - to build an economy that lifts every family, to make sure health care is available for every American - and to make sure that every child in this nation has a world-class education all the way from preschool to college.;Michelle Obama;education
You can't have a university without having free speech, even though at times it makes us terribly uncomfortable. If students are not going to hear controversial ideas on college campuses, they're not going to hear them in America. I believe it's part of their education.;Donna Shalala;education
We discovered that education is not something which the teacher does, but that it is a natural process which develops spontaneously in the human being.;Maria Montessori;education
The mere imparting of information is not education.;Carter G. Woodson;education
Inclusive, good-quality education is a foundation for dynamic and equitable societies.;Desmond Tutu;education
I know what it feels like to struggle to get the education that you need.;Michelle Obama;education
'Tis well enough for a servant to be bred at an University. But the education is a little too pedantic for a gentleman.;William Congreve;education
We are living in 1937, and our universities, I suggest, are not half-way out of the fifteenth century. We have made hardly any changes in our conception of university organization, education, graduation, for a century - for several centuries.;H. G. Wells;education
Everything that everyone is afraid of has already happened: The fragility of capitalism, which we don't want to admit the loss of the empire of the United States and American exceptionalism. In fact, American exceptionalism is that we are exceptionally backward in about fifteen different categories, from education to infrastructure.;James Hillman;education
The main part of intellectual education is not the acquisition of facts but learning how to make facts live.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;education
Documentaries are the first line of education, and the second line of education is dramatization, such as 'The Pacific'.;Steven Spielberg;education
Universal education is not only a moral imperative but an economic necessity, to pave the way toward making many more nations self-sufficient and self-sustaining.;Desmond Tutu;education
Television could perform a great service in mass education, but there's no indication its sponsors have anything like this on their minds.;Tallulah Bankhead;education
Education: the inculcation of the incomprehensible into the indifferent by the incompetent.;John Maynard Keynes;education
I was delighted to not go to university. I couldn't wait to be out of education.;Tom Stoppard;education
All men who have turned out worth anything have had the chief hand in their own education.;Walter Scott;education
Freedom can occur only through education.;Friedrich Schiller;education
I believed in studying just because I knew education was a privilege. It was the discipline of study, to get into the habit of doing something that you don't want to do.;Wynton Marsalis;education
Education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices.;Laurence J. Peter;education
One of the critical issues that we have to confront is illegal immigration, because this is a multi-headed Hydra that affects our economy, our health care, our health care, our education systems, our national security, and also our local criminality.;Allen West;education
Reforming public education, cutting property taxes, fixing adult and child protective services and funding our budget can all occur when Democrats and Republicans engage in consensus and cooperation - not cynicism and combat.;Rick Perry;education
English usage is sometimes more than mere taste, judgment and education - sometimes it's sheer luck, like getting across the street.;E. B. White;education
My children, to the extent that they have found religion, have found it from me, in that I insist on at least a modicum of religious education for them.;Christopher Hitchens;education
How is it that little children are so intelligent and men so stupid? It must be education that does it.;Alexandre Dumas;education
Life must be a constant education one must learn everything, from speaking to dying.;Gustave Flaubert;education
Do I dare set forth here the most important, the most useful rule of all education? It is not to save time, but to squander it.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;education
We must promote upward mobility, starting with solutions that speak to our broken education system, broken immigration policy, and broken safety-net programs that foster dependency instead of helping people get back on their feet.;Paul Ryan;education
It turns out that advancing equal opportunity and economic empowerment is both morally right and good economics, because discrimination, poverty and ignorance restrict growth, while investments in education, infrastructure and scientific and technological research increase it, creating more good jobs and new wealth for all of us.;William J. Clinton;education
Education is a crutch with which the foolish attack the wise to prove that they are not idiots.;Karl Kraus;education
For me, I was somebody who was a smart young guy who didn't do very well in school. The basic system of education, I didn't fit in my intelligence was elsewhere.;Bruce Springsteen;education
Education alone can conduct us to that enjoyment which is, at once, best in quality and infinite in quantity.;Horace Mann;education
I always felt that I came up short in the education department, but I've come to the conclusion that we all get an education.;Michael J. Fox;education
Education is not only a ladder of opportunity, but it is also an investment in our future.;Ed Markey;education
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.;Derek Bok;education
Financial literacy is an issue that should command our attention because many Americans are not adequately organizing finances for their education, healthcare and retirement.;Ron Lewis;education
I don't imagine Heads of Government would ever be able to say I'm not an economist therefore I can't take decisions on matters of the economy I'm not a soldier I can't take decisions on matters of defence I'm not an educationist so I can't take decisions about education.;Thabo Mbeki;education
Television is something the Russians invented to destroy American education.;Paul Erdos;education
Education, whatever else it should or should not be, must be an inoculation against the poisons of life and an adequate equipment in knowledge and skill for meeting the chances of life.;Havelock Ellis;education
A wise system of education will at last teach us how little man yet knows, how much he has still to learn.;John Lubbock;education
As far as I was concerned, the Depression was an ill wind that blew some good. If it hadn't occurred, my parents would have given me my college education. As it was, I had to scrabble for it.;Sargent Shriver;education
Until we get equality in education, we won't have an equal society.;Sonia Sotomayor;education
We never had it as rough as the kids have it today. Look at the price of a gallon of gas or a piece of real estate or a college education.;Suze Orman;education
For every fresh stage in our lives we need a fresh education, and there is no stage for which so little educational preparation is made as that which follows the reproductive period.;Havelock Ellis;education
The internet could be a very positive step towards education, organisation and participation in a meaningful society.;Noam Chomsky;education
Rewards and punishment is the lowest form of education.;Zhuangzi;education
Those outside of autism need to understand this is an epidemic and we need more government funding, insurance coverage and education reform.;Jenny McCarthy;education
The key to education is the experience of beauty.;Friedrich Schiller;education
Had the United States and the United Kingdom gone on alone to capture Baghdad, under the provisions of the Geneva and Hague conventions we would have been considered occupying powers and therefore would have been responsible for all the costs of maintaining or restoring government, education and other services for the people of Iraq.;Norman Schwarzkopf;education
Without education, we are weaker economically. Without economic power, we are weaker in terms of national security. No great military power has ever remained so without great economic power.;Jon Meacham;education
We have not given science too big a place in our education, but we have made a perilous mistake in giving it too great a preponderance in method in every other branch of study.;Woodrow Wilson;education
The so-called modern education, with all its defects, however, does others so much more good than it does the Negro, because it has been worked out in conformity to the needs of those who have enslaved and oppressed weaker peoples.;Carter G. Woodson;education
It is only the ignorant who despise education.;Publilius Syrus;education
If we have to give up either religion or education, we should give up education.;William Jennings Bryan;education
In the new economy, information, education, and motivation are everything.;William J. Clinton;education
Very likely education does not make very much difference.;Gertrude Stein;education
Education should prepare our minds to use its own powers of reason and conception rather than filling it with the accumulated misconceptions of the past.;Bryant H. McGill;education
True education is limited to those people who would die without knowing, whereas the masses in the institutions are merely going through the motions, for education is a way of living.;Bryant H. McGill;education
Education is the art of making man ethical.;Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel;education
I tell students that the opportunities I had were a result of having a good educational background. Education is what allows you to stand out.;Ellen Ochoa;education
This is at the heart of all good education, where the teacher asks students to think and engages them in encouraging dialogues, constantly checking for understanding and growth.;William Glasser;education
Now that virtually every career is an option for ambitious girls, it can no longer be considered regressive or reactionary to reintroduce discussion of marriage and motherhood to primary education. We certainly do not want to return to the simplistic duality of home economics classes for girls and wood shop for boys.;Camille Paglia;education
My parents started with very little and were the only ones in their families to graduate from college. As parents, they focused on education, but did not stop at academics - they made sure that we knew music, saw art and theatre and traveled - even though it meant budgeting like crazy.;Jennifer Garner;education
All real education is the architecture of the soul.;William Bennett;education
You can't legislate good will - that comes through education.;Malcolm X;education
The regeneration of society is the regeneration of society by individual education.;Jean de la Bruyere;education
My father is a real idealist, and he's all about learning. If I asked for a pair of Nikes growing up, it was just a resounding 'No.' But if I asked for a saxophone, one would appear and next day and I'd be signed up for lessons. So anything to do with education or learning, my father would spare no expense.;Hugh Jackman;education
A black agenda is jobs, jobs, jobs, quality education, investment in infrastructure and strong democratic regulation of corporations. The black agenda, at its best, looks at America from the vantage point of the least of these and asks what's best for all.;Cornel West;education
In the government schools, which are referred to as public schools, Indian policy has been instituted there, and its a policy where they do not encourage, in fact, discourage, critical thinking and the creation of ideas and public education.;Russell Means;education
True education is concerned not only with practical goals but also with values. Our aims assure us of our material life, our values make possible our spiritual life.;Ludwig Mies van der Rohe;education
For all my education, accomplishments, and so called 'wisdom'... I can't fathom my own heart.;Michael Caine;education
Since my education, I've done quite untraditional things. There are very few Etonians who went to Rada. And far fewer Etonians - certainly when I was there - went to Cambridge. I don't know whether it's the same now. Most people I knew went to Oxford, because it seemed more of an easy bridge.;Tom Hiddleston;education
I've never been a big believer in formal education.;Megan Fox;education
All claims of education notwithstanding, the pupil will accept only that which his mind craves.;Emma Goldman;education
Versatility of education can be found in our best poetry, but the depth of mankind should be found in the philosopher.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;education
