If you have an issue with homosexuality, then it comes to your own fear and your own darkness.;Tori Amos;fear
I think 'Dilbert' will remain popular as long as employees are frustrated and they fear the consequences of complaining too loudly. 'Dilbert' is the designated voice of discontent for the workplace. I never planned it that way. It just happened.;Scott Adams;fear
No society has been able to abolish human sadness, no political system can deliver us from the pain of living, from our fear of death, our thirst for the absolute. It is the human condition that directs the social condition, not vice versa.;Eugene Ionesco;fear
If we fear the unknown then surely we fear ourselves.;Bryant H. McGill;fear
Love is the total absence of fear. Love asks no questions. Its natural state is one of extension and expansion, not comparison and measurement.;Gerald Jampolsky;fear
There is no such thing as perpetual tranquillity of mind while we live here because life itself is but motion, and can never be without desire, nor without fear, no more than without sense.;Thomas Hobbes;fear
If you can once engage people's pride, love, pity, ambition on your side, you need not fear what their reason can do against you.;Lord Chesterfield;fear
I fear those big words which make us so unhappy.;James Joyce;fear
The strongest passion is fear.;Jean de La Fontaine;fear
We must laugh before we are happy, for fear we die before we laugh at all.;Jean de La Fontaine;fear
The fear of burglars is not only the fear of being robbed, but also the fear of a sudden and unexpected clutch out of the darkness.;Elias Canetti;fear
I don't know how it is for women or for other guys, but when I was young and in my 20s, I had a fear of marriage.;Jeff Bridges;fear
Quite a lot of our contemporary culture is actually shot through with a resentment of limits and the passage of time, anger at what we can't do, fear or even disgust at growing old.;Rowan Williams;fear
I don't have any fear of intimacy, but rather thrive on it, which is rare in a public person.;Jack Nicholson;fear
Monopolists who fear competition and who distrust democracy because it stands for equal opportunity would like to secure their position against small and energetic enterprise.;Henry A. Wallace;fear
Don't fear change - embrace it.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;fear
Fear prophets and those prepared to die for the truth, for as a rule they make many others die with them, often before them, at times instead of them.;Umberto Eco;fear
The fear of being deceived is the vulgar version of the quest for Truth.;Emile M. Cioran;fear
In the company of the accomplished, people hope it will rub off on themselves, in the company of the misfortunate, they fear it!;Bryant H. McGill;fear
Under the influence of fear, which always leads men to take a pessimistic view of things, they magnified their enemies' resources, and minimized their own.;Titus Livius;fear
Between the fear that something would happen and the hope that still it wouldn't, there is much more space than one thinks. On that narrow, hard, bare and dark space a lot of us spend their lives.;Ivo Andric;fear
Do we fear terrorism so much that we throw out our Constitution, and are we unwilling and afraid to debate our Constitution?;Rand Paul;fear
Wit is so shining a quality that everybody admires it most people aim at it, all people fear it, and few love it unless in themselves. A man must have a good share of wit himself to endure a great share of it in another.;Lord Chesterfield;fear
If I have resistance to something, it means there's something wrong. The resistance to me is a sign of fear.;Billy Corgan;fear
Action cures fear, inaction creates terror.;Douglas Horton;fear
I have no fear of death. More important, I don't fear life.;Steven Seagal;fear
He has not learned the first lesson of life who does not every day surmount a fear.;John Dryden;fear
Within the U.S., the Obama presidency will be mainly measured by the success or failure of his economic policies. And here, I fear, the monstrous stimulus package with which this administration stumbled out of the gate will prove to be Obama's Waterloo.;Camille Paglia;fear
When we drop fear, we can draw nearer to people, we can draw nearer to the earth, we can draw nearer to all the heavenly creatures that surround us.;Bell Hooks;fear
My aim then was to whip the rebels, to humble their pride, to follow them to their inmost recesses, and make them fear and dread us.;William Tecumseh Sherman;fear
I've always felt that if you back down from a fear, the ghost of that fear never goes away. It diminishes people.;Hugh Jackman;fear
I was probably more scared of my high school exams than I was of the Oscars. At the time you think it's everything and if you don't do well, your life's over. Opportunities are gone. So the more you do it, the less the fear is present.;Hugh Jackman;fear
I am pretty fearless, and you know why? Because I don't handle fear very well I'm not a good terrified person.;Stevie Nicks;fear
How does one kill fear, I wonder? How do you shoot a specter through the heart, slash off its spectral head, take it by its spectral throat?;Joseph Conrad;fear
Love is a symbol of eternity. It wipes out all sense of time, destroying all memory of a beginning and all fear of an end.;Madame de Stael;fear
You always have two choices: your commitment versus your fear.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;fear
What I fear most is power with impunity. I fear abuse of power, and the power to abuse.;Isabel Allende;fear
Right out of high school I never had the fear of getting beat, which is how most people lose.;Dan Gable;fear
Crime in full glory consolidates authority by the sacred fear it inspires.;Emile M. Cioran;fear
Isn't history ultimately the result of our fear of boredom?;Emile M. Cioran;fear
The abandoned infant's cry is rage, not fear.;Robert Anton Wilson;fear
Fear is a disease that eats away at logic and makes man inhuman.;Marian Anderson;fear
It seemed that rebellion must have an unassailable base, something guarded not merely from attack, but from the fear of it: such a base as we had in the Red Sea Parts, the desert, or in the minds of the men we converted to our creed.;T. E. Lawrence;fear
There are few things more liberating in this life than having your worst fear realized.;Conan O'Brien;fear
Fear is the foundation of safety.;Tertullian;fear
I do not trust those who make the vaccines, or the apparatus behind it all to push it on us through fear.;Billy Corgan;fear
I believe the American people have a genuine and justifiable fear of government intrusion in what they instinctively know is going to be an ever more intrusive world.;Joe Biden;fear
We should face reality and our past mistakes in an honest, adult way. Boasting of glory does not make glory, and singing in the dark does not dispel fear.;King Hussein;fear
I have been thinking about the notion of perfect love as being without fear, and what that means for us in a world that's becoming increasingly xenophobic, tortured by fundamentalism and nationalism.;Bell Hooks;fear
Love, hope, fear, faith - these make humanity These are its sign and note and character.;Robert Browning;fear
And if the great fear had not come upon me, as it did, and forced me to do my duty, I might have been less good to the people than some man who had never dreamed at all, even with the memory of so great a vision in me.;Black Elk;fear
I've always had a huge fear of dying or becoming ill. The thing I'm most afraid of, though, is being alone, which I think a lot of performers fear. It's why we seek the limelight - so we're not alone, were adored. We're loved, so people want to be around us. The fear of being alone drives my life.;Jennifer Lopez;fear
You have to be careful not to let your fear stop you doing things. It's very exciting to test yourself.;Francesca Annis;fear
We must laugh before we are happy, for fear of dying without having laughed at all.;Jean de la Bruyere;fear
We should laugh before being happy, for fear of dying without having laughed.;Jean de la Bruyere;fear
Fear God and work hard.;David Livingstone;fear
The more I traveled the more I realized that fear makes strangers of people who should be friends.;Shirley MacLaine;fear
Many of us crucify ourselves between two thieves - regret for the past and fear of the future.;Fulton Oursler;fear
A company is stronger if it is bound by love rather than by fear.;Herb Kelleher;fear
I don't want the fear of failure to stop me from doing what I really care about.;Emma Watson;fear
Death in itself is nothing but we fear to be we know not what, we know not where.;John Dryden;fear
Those who love to be feared fear to be loved.;Saint Francis de Sales;fear
Fear cannot be banished, but it can be calm and without panic it can be mitigated by reason and evaluation.;Vannevar Bush;fear
I've noticed a lot of younger artists have less fear of doing different sorts of things, whether it's various types of music, or gallery artists moving between video and sculpture and drawing.;David Byrne;fear
The fear of life is the favorite disease of the 20th century.;William Lyon Phelps;fear
There's no reason for the establishment to fear me. But it has every right to fear the people collectively - I am one with the people.;Huey Newton;fear
It is a measure of the framers' fear that a passing majority might find it expedient to compromise 4th Amendment values that these values were embodied in the Constitution itself.;Sandra Day O'Connor;fear
'Freedom from fear' could be said to sum up the whole philosophy of human rights.;Dag Hammarskjold;fear
I have always been aware that you have to get people listening before you can change their minds. Any artist's big fear is being ignored, so if you get debate, that's great.;Damien Hirst;fear
A book is the only place in which you can examine a fragile thought without breaking it, or explore an explosive idea without fear it will go off in your face. It is one of the few havens remaining where a man's mind can get both provocation and privacy.;Edward P. Morgan;fear
I spoke without fear of contradiction. I simply did not suffer self-doubt.;Elia Kazan;fear
I've probably earned the right to screw up a few times. I don't want the fear of failure to stop me from doing what I really care about.;Emma Watson;fear
There's an honesty in our family - my kids and I are able to talk about things without me putting the fear of God into them.;Billie Joe Armstrong;fear
Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul. Worry, fear, self-distrust bows the heart and turns the spirit back to dust.;Samuel Ullman;fear
When I have a camera in my hand, I know no fear.;Alfred Eisenstaedt;fear
There is perhaps nothing so bad and so dangerous in life as fear.;Jawaharlal Nehru;fear
Fear is the mother of foresight.;Thomas Hardy;fear
The real and effectual discipline which is exercised over a workman is that of his customers. It is the fear of losing their employment which restrains his frauds and corrects his negligence.;Adam Smith;fear
Greed, like the love of comfort, is a kind of fear.;Cyril Connolly;fear
He who doesn't fear death dies only once.;Giovanni Falcone;fear
The great fear that hung over the business community in the 1970s was death by regulation, and the great goal of the conservative movement, as it rose to triumph in the 1980s, was to remove that threat - to keep OSHA, the EPA, and the FTC from choking off entrepreneurship with their infernal meddling in the marketplace.;Thomas Frank;fear
One of the scary things is that, when you're a kid, you look at your dad as the man who has no fear. When you're an adult, you realize your father had fear, and that you have it, too.;David Duchovny;fear
The fear factor actually brings the genuineness.;Ang Lee;fear
In politics, what begins in fear usually ends in failure.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;fear
I would sum up my fear about the future in one word: boring. And that's my one fear: that everything has happened nothing exciting or new or interesting is ever going to happen again... the future is just going to be a vast, conforming suburb of the soul.;J. G. Ballard;fear
I think when you move past your fear and you go after your dreams wholeheartedly, you become free.;LL Cool J;fear
A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear.;Jack Nicholson;fear
My whole life I've had the fear that I was going to be abandoned.;Halle Berry;fear
I think one of the terrible things today is that people have this deathly fear of food: fear of eggs, say, or fear of butter. Most doctors feel that you can have a little bit of everything.;Julia Child;fear
I won't allow myself to have tremendous fear.;Calvin Klein;fear
Any fear of aging, I think, is simply vanity.;Leighton Meester;fear
Mysticism and exaggeration go together. A mystic must not fear ridicule if he is to push all the way to the limits of humility or the limits of delight.;Milan Kundera;fear
I fear God and next to God I mostly fear them that fear him not.;Saadi;fear
Some people need to stay at the top. They are afraid to re-start from zero because they fear the critics.;Eric Cantona;fear
There is no greater hell than to be a prisoner of fear.;Ben Jonson;fear
As long as enough people can be frightened, then all people can be ruled. That is how it works in a democratic system and mass fear becomes the ticket to destroy rights across the board.;James Bovard;fear
My biggest fear in life is to be forgotten.;Evita Peron;fear
We all have that burning question about what happens if we lose somebody we love, especially if we lose them tragically. We wonder what fear was going on, we wonder if we could have reached out and touched them, held their hand, looked in their eyes, been there.;Kevin Costner;fear
To withdraw is not to run away, and to stay is no wise action, when there's more reason to fear than to hope.;Miguel de Cervantes;fear
