People can undergo a sudden change of thinking and loyalties under threat of death or intense social pressure and isolation from friends and family.;Keith Henson;death
It's not the normal way to look at things but I experienced death at a really young age and because of that it's been part of my mental landscape that death is really very possible.;Cate Blanchett;death
I made a supreme effort not to do that thing that parents do, which is to bore people without children to death by going on and on about how funny their children are, so there's none of that hopefully.;Jo Brand;death
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death.;Earl Wilson;death
Death, the final, triumphant lover.;Bela Lugosi;death
I believe that people would be alive today if there were a death penalty.;Nancy Reagan;death
For three days after death, hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off.;Johnny Carson;death
My brother was a great favorite with everybody, and his death cast a gloom upon the whole neighborhood.;Buffalo Bill;death
So for twelve miles I rode with Sherman, and we became fast friends. He asked me all manner of questions on the way, and I found that he knew my father well, and remembered his tragic death in Salt Creek Valley.;Buffalo Bill;death
Tears are sometimes an inappropriate response to death. When a life has been lived completely honestly, completely successfully, or just completely, the correct response to death's perfect punctuation mark is a smile.;Julie Burchill;death
Life can't defeat a writer who is in love with writing, for life itself is a writer's lover until death.;Edna Ferber;death
When sudden death takes a president, opportunities for new beginnings flourish among the ambitious and the tensions among such people can be dramatic, as they were when President Kennedy was killed.;Russell Baker;death
Death is the final wake-up call.;Douglas Horton;death
As the fly bangs against the window attempting freedom while the door stands open, so we bang against death ignoring heaven.;Douglas Horton;death
I am bound to add that the excess in too little has ever proved in me more dangerous than the excess in too much the last may cause indigestion, but the first causes death.;Giacomo Casanova;death
To appear on the stage drunk, to have them leave there and remember me making drunken mistakes, that was death.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;death
We have a limit, a very discouraging, humiliating limit: death.;Umberto Eco;death
A face to lose youth for, to occupy age With the dream of, meet death with.;Robert Browning;death
I think the amazing thing about gospel music is that not only does it lift up the death and resurrection of our Lord, which is consistent with the Gospel, but it is uniquely communicated depending upon the generation.;T. D. Jakes;death
There are certain people that are marked for death. I have my little list of those that treated me unfairly.;Jennifer Lopez;death
Judged by the law of England, I know this crime entails upon me the penalty of death but the history of Ireland explains that crime and justifies it.;Thomas Francis Meagher;death
We do not choose the day of our birth nor may we choose the day of our death, yet choice is the sovereign faculty of the mind.;Thornton Wilder;death
But there is a difference here: When Jewish children are murdered, Arabs celebrate the deed. The death of an Arab child is no cause for celebration in Israel.;Theodore Bikel;death
I'm in awe of people out there who deal with Alzheimer's, because they have to deal with death 10 times over, year after year.;Marcia Wallace;death
Failure too is a form of death.;Graham Greene;death
We know the road to freedom has always been stalked by death.;Angela Davis;death
The thing about death is that it's honest.;Laura Linney;death
I think the way we talk about cancer has really evolved. I remember the way my grandmother used to talk about it, like a death sentence, no-one would even mention the word.;Laura Linney;death
I really enjoy theater. I just went to see 'Death of a Salesman,' and it knocked me on my ass.;Jason Reitman;death
I was extended secret service protection during my presidential run in 1984, when I received the most death threats ever made toward a candidate.;Jesse Jackson;death
My mother was the sweetest lady who ever lived on this planet, but if you tried to tell her that Jesus wasn't a Christian, she would stomp you to death.;Dick Gregory;death
The disembodied spirit is immortal there is nothing of it that can grow old or die. But the embodied spirit sees death on the horizon as soon as its day dawns.;Thomas Hobbes;death
Constantly risking absurdity and death whenever he performs above the heads of his audience, the poet, like an acrobat, climbs on rhyme to a high wire of his own making.;Lawrence Ferlinghetti;death
I'm more afraid of marriage than death.;Shakira;death
Pay mind to your own life, your own health, and wholeness. A bleeding heart is of no help to anyone if it bleeds to death.;Frederick Buechner;death
I get scared to death when I see people who say they've found Jesus Christ, and they're out there, and I wonder, who's teaching them? Who's mentoring them?;Willie Aames;death
To say yes, you have to sweat and roll up your sleeves and plunge both hands into life up to the elbows. It is easy to say no, even if saying no means death.;Jean Anouilh;death
Giving is good, but taking is bad and brings death.;Hesiod;death
Death is the sanction of everything the story-teller can tell. He has borrowed his authority from death.;Walter Benjamin;death
I'm not afraid of death. It's the stake one puts up in order to play the game of life.;Jean Giraudoux;death
To eat bread without hope is still slowly to starve to death.;Pearl S. Buck;death
Art has two constant, two unending concerns: It always meditates on death and thus always creates life. All great, genuine art resembles and continues the Revelation of St John.;Boris Pasternak;death
I mean, death is a serious thing, certainly not to be sneezed at.;Steven Patrick Morrissey;death
Long hair is an unpardonable offence which should be punishable by death.;Steven Patrick Morrissey;death
Men should be bewailed at their birth, and not at their death.;Charles de Montesquieu;death
We are now operating a school system in America that's more segregated than at any time since the death of Martin Luther King.;Jonathan Kozol;death
In my solitude I have pondered much on the incomprehensible subjects of space, eternity, life and death.;Alfred Russel Wallace;death
It is love, not reason, that is stronger than death.;Thomas Mann;death
The only religious way to think of death is as part and parcel of life.;Thomas Mann;death
Death Valley is really wide-open - it's bigger than Rhode Island - and it's less a part of California than an ungoverned territory, so there's lots of weird cops-and-robbers stuff going on.;Gus Van Sant;death
Even when you're making a movie about life, death is a presence, and I guess it's part of my dramatic viewpoint. I'm not sure why exactly.;Gus Van Sant;death
Lidia Bastianich, sorry, but kind of boring. I mean, I love Lidia, but you can fall asleep watching her. And Mario Batali? I love Mario to death... but he's not romantic or sensual. Those are the things I bring to the table.;Giada De Laurentiis;death
To a billion people around the world surviving on just a dollar a day, the question of what to eat tonight is more about life and death than about recipes. The struggle of poor people around the globe weighs heavily on me, especially now that I am a mother, which is why I work with Oxfam.;Giada De Laurentiis;death
I just finished my homework fast, I was bored to death. There wasn't 500 channels so there was a thing for a librarian to teach a kid like me about reading. I started reading early and I read all the time, because I love it.;Harvey Weinstein;death
I think Prince should open up a little more to other artists. Just because we love Prince. Especially the old stuff - we love him to death. But if he opened up he would be something to deal with. Imagine Kanye West producing a Prince track? It would be banoodles!;Jamie Foxx;death
Death ends a life, not a relationship.;Jack Lemon;death
We march and fight, to death or on to victory. Our might is right, no traitors shall prevail. Our hearts are steeled against the fiery gates of hell. No shot or shell, can still our mighty song.;George Lincoln Rockwell;death
Fear was absolutely necessary. Without it, I would have been scared to death.;Floyd Patterson;death
Everybody thinks I'm at death's door, but I'm not. There's nothing seriously wrong with me, and my heart is in 100 percent working order. Anything else you may hear is a damn lie!;Bobby Darin;death
Death is an endless night so awful to contemplate that it can make us love life and value it with such passion that it may be the ultimate cause of all joy and all art.;Paul Theroux;death
I mean, Sting is one of my great buddies and I love him to death.;Elton John;death
But the issue is not only life and death but our existence before God and our being judged by him. All of us were sinners before him and worthy of condemnation.;Hans Urs von Balthasar;death
There's really no such thing as the agony of dying. I'm quite sure that pain is shut off at the moment of death. You see, something happens when the body knows it's about to go. Peptide hormones are released by cells in the hypothalamus and pituitary gland. Endorphins. They attach themselves to the cells responsible for feeling pain.;Lewis Thomas;death
A lot of people fear death because they think that so overwhelming an experience has to be painful, but I've seen quite a few deaths, and, with one exception, I've never known anyone to undergo anything like agony. That's amazing when you think about it. I mean, how complicated the mechanism is that's being taken apart.;Lewis Thomas;death
So we mustn't lower our guard in any sense because of what has happened in terms of the death of Osama Bin Laden and we are certainly not doing that. The terror threat level here in the U.K. remains at severe and we're very conscious of the need to continue that.;Theresa May;death
Death gives meaning to our lives. It gives importance and value to time. Time would become meaningless if there were too much of it.;Ray Kurzweil;death
If we can't face death, we'll never overcome it. You have to look it straight in the eye. Then you can turn around and walk back out into the light.;Maya Lin;death
Marriage can be viewed as the waiting room for death.;Mike Myers;death
I can choose to accelerate my disease to an alcoholic death or incurable insanity, or I can choose to live within my thoroughly human condition.;Mercedes McCambridge;death
I've always had bronchitis. I've been administered the Sacrament of Death three times for it.;Mercedes McCambridge;death
It is education that will arm us with the tools that will enable us to succeed and put a stop to the rising rates of preventable death.;Christy Turlington;death
Most of us harbour a significant amount of subconscious fear about death, and act out of this fear in our daily lives.;Christy Turlington;death
War is not the only arena where peace is done to death.;Aung San Suu Kyi;death
I am against the death penalty.;Andrew Cuomo;death
My father was against the death penalty, and that was hard in the Son of Sam summer when fear was driving the desire for the death penalty.;Andrew Cuomo;death
The need to understand prescription information can literally be a matter of life and death.;Andrew Cuomo;death
Movies like that aren't about the visual effects and explosions. They're human stories about family, about life, about death.;Orlando Bloom;death
To awake from death is to die in peace.;Douglas Horton;death
Death is feared as birth is forgotten.;Douglas Horton;death
When death has you by the throat, you don't mince words.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;death
Should I perchance still feel after my death, I would no longer have any doubt, but I would most certainly give the lie to anyone asserting before me that I was dead.;Giacomo Casanova;death
If death is in the room, it's pretty interesting. But I would also say that I'm interested in getting myself to believe that it's going to happen to me. I'm interested in it, because if you're not, you're nuts. It's really de facto what we're here to find out about.;George Saunders;death
A man whose life has been dishonourable is not entitled to escape disgrace in death.;Lucius Accius;death
My father I liked, but it was only after his death that I got to know him by writing the play.;Hugh Leonard;death
Before I pitch any game, from spring training to Game 7 of the World Series, I'm scared to death.;Curt Schilling;death
In Seattle, I soon found that my radical ideas and aesthetic explorations - ideas and explorations that in Richmond, Virginia, might have gotten me stoned to death with hush puppies - were not only accepted but occasionally applauded.;Tom Robbins;death
Coming to terms with the fear of death is conducive to healing, positive personality transformation, and consciousness evolution.;Stanislav Grof;death
Liberty for wolves is death to the lambs.;Isaiah Berlin;death
I think one thing that kids who grow up on farms really have going for them is they have exposure to death and birth in a totally different way. I think it takes away a little bit of the mystery and a little bit of the fear, and I do wish I had that. And I wish I was able to grow my own food.;Rachel McAdams;death
I now bid farewell to the country of my birth - of my passions - of my death a country whose misfortunes have invoked my sympathies - whose factions I sought to quell - whose intelligence I prompted to a lofty aim - whose freedom has been my fatal dream.;Thomas Francis Meagher;death
The death of anti-gay hate speech is no doubt being hastened by the head-spinning speed with which gays as a group - to say nothing of gay marriage - are becoming an unremarkable and even quite traditional parts of American life.;Jeffrey Kluger;death
Our birth is nothing but our death begun, As tapers waste the moment they take fire.;Edward Young;death
Virtue alone has majesty in death.;Edward Young;death
Less base the fear of death than fear of life.;Edward Young;death
Life is the desert, life the solitude, death joins us to the great majority.;Edward Young;death
I am one who believes that one of the greatest dangers of advertising is not that of misleading people, but that of boring them to death.;Leo Burnett;death
People are scared to death of dying. I am the opposite.;Taylor Caldwell;death
People on death row, the treatment of animals, women's right to choose. So much in America is based on religious fundamentalist Christianity. Grow up! This is the modern world!;Eddie Vedder;death
It is long since I could have adventured on eternity, through God's mercy and Christ's merits but death remained somewhat terrible, and that now is taken away and now death is no more to me, but to cast myself into my husband's arms, and to lie down with Him.;Donald Cargill;death
