I tend to start at 9 o'clock in the morning and write until 3. Those are my best hours. They fit the other rhythms of the world. So I write for six hours, pretty much without any breaks.;Justin Cronin;morning
I get up, go and get a coffee, and go do the crossword - I'm loyal to one particular paper, the 'Guardian' - and that's my idea of a perfect morning.;Laura Marling;morning
After the first day of practice, there's not one guy who's playing at 100 percent or who feels great. Sometimes, getting up in the morning and brushing your teeth is the hardest part of the day - it just hurts.;Tom Brady;morning
Throughout my 20s I spent a lot of time just playing and not really working, but fortunately for me I continued to get just enough work, and have a reason to wake up in the morning. I really empathize with some of my peers who had success in the early years then it dries up, and so there's no reason to get up in the morning.;Jason Bateman;morning
I try to shave at night so my skin has a chance to settle by the early morning call-time.;Patrick Wilson;morning
It was morning through the high window I saw the pure, bright blue of the sky as it hovered cheerfully over the long roofs of the neighboring houses. It too seemed full of joy, as if it had special plans, and had put on its finest clothes for the occasion.;Herman Hesse;morning
I wake up every morning and I surprise myself. I wake up to a new me.;Gina Carano;morning
I literally have meetings at eight o'clock in the morning, and I finish at nine o'clock at night. It sounds pathetic, but I don't even have time to go shopping.;Stella McCartney;morning
I am focused on what needs to be done for the people of Israel. Period. I do not pity myself and I do not pat myself on the shoulder. I get up in the morning full of energy to fulfill my mission.;Ehud Olmert;morning
I had three children while doing a show, as demanding as 'Good Morning America,' so this is - you know, it's almost like I'm less daunted about motherhood, and parenting at this point in time. And I think I'm just much more fit and healthy than I was 20-years-ago.;Joan Lunden;morning
I'd skip school regularly to see movies - even in the morning, in the small Parisian theaters that opened early.;Francois Truffaut;morning
The thing I care about is my weight - I'm as fanatical about it as a member of Girls Aloud. I weigh myself every morning. I know exactly what I want to be - 82kg - and I try to stick to it.;Tony Parsons;morning
I was a very undisciplined person but acting was something that actually motivated me to get up in the morning. I hadn't experienced that before, but it was something that really excited me. I think I could be quite self-conscious and it gave me a release.;Rufus Sewell;morning
What is life, when wanting love? Night without a morning love's the cloudless summer sun, nature gay adorning.;Robert Burton;morning
I don't dream songs. I'm more apt to write dreams down and then to be able to interpret them into a song. I also tend to get up and write prose in the morning from which will come songs.;Judy Collins;morning
The crew are the faces you see every morning and last at night before you go home. I spend more time with those people than I do with my friends and family, so they're forever a part of you and who you become as an actor so I hope I see them again.;Claudia Black;morning
And I have to say, what motivates me every day and I know my Democratic colleagues is to remember that every day 14,000 people get up in the morning with insurance that go to bed at night without it and most of them because they lost their job.;Debbie Stabenow;morning
Nobody has time to keep trying on a load of things in the morning like a teenager.;Claudia Schiffer;morning
Sometimes in the morning, when it's a good surf, I go out there, and I don't feel like it's a bad world.;Kary Mullis;morning
You know, the men go to tea houses with the expectation that they will have a nice quiet evening and not read about it the next morning in the newspaper.;Arthur Golden;morning
It's very important to write things down instantly, or you can lose the way you were thinking out a line. I have a rule that if I wake up at 3 in the morning and think of something, I write it down. I can't wait until morning - it'll be gone.;Mary Oliver;morning
I'd always been a news junkie, always read lots of newspapers and watched the Sunday morning news shows on TV and felt strongly about issues of power, control, sexuality and race.;Barbara Kruger;morning
I think it's good that I had some experience of the real world before I became successful. You know, having to get up in the morning and going to work in construction.;Tom Jones;morning
Chelsea Morning is a great Joni Mitchell song and I guess I'm partial to her lyrics because they show me a slightly different perspective on life.;Neil Diamond;morning
If I'm working on a film, I'll do sit-ups for before I shoot. Like, 100 in the morning or something.;James Franco;morning
Four hours of prosthetics every morning, the jowls and the nose, and it was very hot so they're having to attend to it all day, and you're still petrified of so many things, such as, can I speak properly? Hitchcock never quite lost those East End vowels, even though he had the softened California consonants.;Toby Jones;morning
When I wake up on a Monday morning and I realise I don't have to go and work at the civil service, I really think I've won.;Paul Merton;morning
Somehow, I've been blessed to be able to have the young spirit inside - not feel like every year I get a year older. I feel like every year I get a year younger. I don't wake up in the morning with aches and pains.;Rickey Henderson;morning
I open with a clock striking, to beget an awful attention in the audience - it also marks the time, which is four o clock in the morning, and saves a description of the rising sun, and a great deal about gilding the eastern hemisphere.;Richard Brinsley Sheridan;morning
I was lucky enough to grow up in a home where I woke up Christmas morning and had toys. I know that's not the case with all people and I don't think kids should go without experiencing that sort of joy.;Lucy Hale;morning
That's the biggest part of doing comics: You have to create stuff that makes you want to get out of bed every morning and get to work.;Daniel Clowes;morning
I trust, that your readers will not construe my words to mean, that I would not have gone to a 3 o'clock in the morning session, for the sake of defeating the Nebraska bill.;Gerrit Smith;morning
When you were a volunteer for the Bush-Cheney campaign, you came in the morning you had a supervisor who gave you a list of calls to make and a time to do it in.;Ed Gillespie;morning
It's such a luxury to be able to be happy about going to work in the morning.;Joe Pantoliano;morning
I don't believe in writing at night because it comes too easily. When I read it in the morning it's not good. I need daylight to begin. Between nine and ten o'clock I have a long breakfast with reading and music.;Gunter Grass;morning
In the last year my wife has noticed me struggling to get downstairs on a Sunday morning. I've two young children and football has been so good to me over the years I don't want to spoil it.;Graeme Le Saux;morning
I don't know why you call it morning sickness, because I was sick all day and night!;Soleil Moon Frye;morning
What I don't like is breakfast in the morning. I have a double-espresso cappuccino, but no food.;Wolfgang Puck;morning
It is always with excitement that I wake up in the morning wondering what my intuition will toss up to me, like gifts from the sea. I work with it and rely on it. It's my partner.;Jonas Salk;morning
I never want to make a film. I don't wake up in the morning going, 'Ooh, I'd really love to be on set making a film today'. I'm aware that other contemporary film directors perceive film-making as what they do, as what they have to do. But I would hope that I am more catholic in my tastes.;Stephen Daldry;morning
I am, in fact, Superman. Every morning I wake up and go into a telephone booth and change my costume, and then go to work.;Stephen Daldry;morning
I was up late last night yapping about the elections on CNN and up early this morning doing the same thing in my daughter's kindergarten class.;Tucker Carlson;morning
In my day, at 12 years old, which was 38 years ago, we worked out in summer months for two and a half hours. Today someone in that age group might work out for four hours, two hours in the morning and two at night.;Mark Spitz;morning
I was getting to bed about 10 P.M. so wound up and not getting to sleep by 11, and because I was putting the prosthetics on for five hours, I had to be up at 3 in the morning.;Gerard Butler;morning
We don't watch the film anymore because we've seen it so many times, so we'll introduce it, walk out and we'll come back in right about when I wake up in the morning and walk over to the shop and everything's changed.;Simon Pegg;morning
O sweet, delusive Noon, Which the morning climbs to find, O moment sped too soon, And morning left behind.;Helen Hunt Jackson;morning
As soon as I began, it seemed impossible to write fast enough - I wrote faster than I would write a letter - two thousand to three thousand words in a morning, and I cannot help it.;Helen Hunt Jackson;morning
I had to get up run in the morning for 2 hours, go to the gym and also get good opponents as sparring partners because I'm a big believer in that how you train is how you will fight at least when it came to me that's how it worked.;Alexis Arguello;morning
The result was that, if it happened to clear off after a cloudy evening, I frequently arose from my bed at any hour of the night or morning and walked two miles to the observatory to make some observation included in the programme.;Simon Newcomb;morning
I do Yoga. I'd like to say I do it every morning, but I don't, I just don't have the time.;Radha Mitchell;morning
So it's the kind of business where you can't wait to get up in the morning and read the papers, or listen to what's on the news, and you know, how the world's going to change.;Sanford I. Weill;morning
The muse holds no appointments. You can never call on it. I don't understand people who get up at 9 o'clock in the morning, put on the coffee and sit down to write.;Glen Hansard;morning
You say something stupid and the next morning you're in the headlines.;Barry Manilow;morning
My ideal is to wake up in the morning and run around the meadow naked.;Daryl Hannah;morning
Mom and Dad would stay in bed on Sunday morning, but the kids would have to go to church.;Lynn Johnston;morning
I think I'm a fun flatmate. I'm always cheerful. I go on tour with my band so it's 12 people on one bus and I feel like I'm the one who's happy in the morning. I'm not a chaotic person, but I might slack off on doing the dishes from time to time.;Zooey Deschanel;morning
I don't want to be in my car all day. I love getting up in the morning in Venice and walking my dogs down to the cafe to get my tea, and then perhaps going to a bookstore and sitting and reading, then walking to the beach.;Jessica Chastain;morning
What I do is not some magical, mystical thing. I simply get up in the morning, get to work on time, say my lines, and do the best I can.;Parker Stevenson;morning
Now I know that that is just the phenomena of eating this way. Most all of my letters say I hit a plateau and then one morning I woke up and the melt had happened.;Suzanne Somers;morning
I'll always remember when I bumped into Good Morning America's Robin Roberts on a flight to my mother's funeral in 1994, and how kind she was during that difficult time.;Gayle King;morning
When I found out I was going to be on CBS every morning, my first phone call was to Jenny Craig. Ten days later, I'd lost nine pounds. Now I even take the plan's popcorn with me to the movies.;Gayle King;morning
There are 435 members of Congress. There's one 'Morning Joe' show. Hopefully, we can keep hammering the argument that you can disagree with other people and have debates but remain civil.;Joe Scarborough;morning
I could announce one morning that the world was going to blow up in three hours and people would be calling in about my hair!;Katie Couric;morning
But, you know, they don't enjoy the dinner hour together. It's just not as much of a ritual at night and it's interesting. I think the ritual is taking place perhaps more in the morning.;Katie Couric;morning
But of course when people watch morning television, Terry, it's a very different animal. You know, they're running around, they're getting their kids ready for school, they're probably doing eight million things, they're brushing their teeth.;Katie Couric;morning
All three networks have always had a morning show but now cable of course is taking some of that audience away and a variety of other things, probably the Internet as well.;Katie Couric;morning
Well, when I was a kid and I watched 'Speed Racer,' I used to always watch it in the morning with my cereal. And when I ate the cereal, I would pour soda into the cereal because we never really had milk for some reason, I don't know.;Emile Hirsch;morning
You know what I like to do on a Sunday morning? Clean my house. I really enjoy it it's my ritual. I require tidiness, actually. I have to have everything spotless before I can relax.;Jonathan Rhys Meyers;morning
There would be nights when I would wake up and couldn't get back to sleep. So I would go downstairs and write. The staff had a pool going on how many pages of typing I would bring in here in the morning.;Harold H. Greene;morning
There is both a skill factor and an effort factor in dream recall. People can develop dream recall skills, such as lying still in the morning and writing down whatever comes to mind.;Henry Reed;morning
The four of us couldn't have made a record with the time left over when we were shooting the show. We were on stage from 7.30 in the morning 'til 7 at night. Later on, when there was a break from filming, and we were sick of doing it the old way.;Peter Tork;morning
You think that religion is a thing that is there to help you and to see you through life, and then you wake up one morning and find the entire Irish situation, the civil war that's based on religion.;Midge Ure;morning
Markets rebounded quickly from morning jitters after the London Thursday terrorist bombing.;Cliff Stearns;morning
I just remember Stella Tenant and me dancing in Donatella Versace's bathtub until like four in the morning. It was one of those 'pinch me' moments.;Carolyn Murphy;morning
I turned on VH1 this morning just to get a little warm-up before I came over here, and I think it's just terrific. There's so much great stuff: diverse and wonderful music, good performances, great looking girls, great videos, the whole thing.;Debbie Harry;morning
When I read the pilot 'for Married with Children', it just reminded me of my Uncle Joe... just a self-deprecating kind of guy. He'd come home from work, and the wife would maybe say 'I ran over the dog this morning in the driveway'. And he would say 'Fine, what's for dinner?;Ed O'Neill;morning
When I get up in the morning I brush my teeth and go about my business, and if I am going anywhere interesting I take my camera along.;Elliott Erwitt;morning
I love to read. I love to stretch. In the morning, I get up, and if I'm not in a hurry, I will lie on the floor on a rug, look through some books and magazines, and maybe listen to music and try to do stretching exercises to tune up.;Jackson Browne;morning
I wake up every morning and I feel like I'm juggling glass balls. I live in Los Angeles, my business is run out of London, and most evenings I'm cuddled up in front of Skype, in my dressing gown, speaking with my studio in London. I travel a lot, my team travel a lot, but I wouldn't have it any other way.;Victoria Beckham;morning
I made it a morning show. We have the coffee cup, we have the morning papers. It's got that feel to it, that's what I wanted.;Regis Philbin;morning
I've done the best I can with the morning show. I made it a morning show. We have the coffee cup, you have the morning papers, you know, it's got that feel to it, that's what I wanted.;Regis Philbin;morning
It means a lot in my business and its a wonderful feeling to be recognized for what you have done over a lifetime, but I didn't go crazy. I still eat my cereal in the morning, have a sandwich in the afternoon, go to bed at night. You know, nothing really different.;Regis Philbin;morning
I wake up every morning singing 'The Star-Spangled Banner.';Terry McAuliffe;morning
I'm French, so I'm quite lazy about exercising, and I smoke. But I do love going for a run in the morning with my dog. That's all.;Eva Green;morning
I am so excited this year getting to play the 85th Anniversary Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. Everyone knows on Thanksgiving morning to get up, turn on the TV and watch the parade, so to be an actual participant is going to be fun and I'm looking forward to it. I am gonna have to put on my deer hunting gear, though, to stay warm!;Rodney Atkins;morning
We know that a man can read Goethe or Rilke in the evening, that he can play Bach and Schubert, and go to his day's work at Auschwitz in the morning.;George Steiner;morning
It was important on The Shipping News to have my house far enough away from each location so I had this time in the morning to think about my shots and still remain open to surprises once I got to the set.;Lasse Hallstrom;morning
I didn't wake up one morning and not be in the Replacements. We're all that forever, and I've just grown older. I mean, I haven't lost anything. I've gained a few things.;Paul Westerberg;morning
I was up watching Meet Joe Black at four AM. I was hoping Brad Pitt would die, and he was still alive at seven forty in the morning! I actually felt sorry for once, for critics.;Rose McGowan;morning
Sometimes it's so weird just to do an interview. This morning I was back in my parents' house, with my brother, and we went for a jog together, then had breakfast as a family. And a couple of hours later I'm wearing high heels and a dress and makeup, and talking about my job.;Carey Mulligan;morning
We live under a government of men and morning newspapers.;Wendell Phillips;morning
Some days I would be there at ten in the morning and wouldn't leave till ten at night, and the others would waltz in for a couple of hours and then leave, because I was doing that painting thing. And they were happy to see that being done.;Lindsey Buckingham;morning
It wasn't always easy getting up at 5 o'clock in the morning to go to the rink. Sometimes I wanted to just go back to sleep.;Nancy Kerrigan;morning
Work is a prayer, and I start off every morning dedicating it to our Creator.;Joe Murray;morning
We had news this morning of another successful atomic bomb being dropped on Nagasaki. These two heavy blows have fallen in quick succession upon the Japanese and there will be quite a little space before we intend to drop another.;Henry L. Stimson;morning
I started writing morning pages just to keep my hand in, you know, just because I was a writer and I didn't know what else to do but write. And then one day as I was writing, a character came sort of strolling in and I realized, Oh my God, I don't have to be just a screenwriter. I can write novels.;Julia Cameron;morning
I don't have an iPod. I mean, I have a couple. Doesn't everyone? But I don't use it. I need to because I go to the gym now, and I'm tired of listening to morning radio. I want some music! I do have a video iPod, but I don't use it either.;Ricky Schroder;morning
I started playing poker in 2003 during my pregnancy, to distract myself from my awful morning sickness. For months all I did was cry and play Texas Hold'em.;Cheryl Hines;morning
I squeeze oranges every morning to make juice.;Utada Hikaru;morning
