I'm not a defender of old or new football managers. I believe in good ones and bad ones, those that achieve success and those that don't.;Jose Mourinho;success
I suppose your security is your success and your key to success is your fine palate.;Gordon Ramsay;success
I've had a lot of success I've had failures, so I learn from the failure.;Gordon Ramsay;success
Lesson from Pataki's success is: Use the political moment.;Andrew Cuomo;success
I realise that I do not change the course of history. I am an actor, I do a movie, that's the end of it. You have to realise we are just clowns for hire. After I had success it was great, at first, not to worry about money. It was on my mind when I was growing up.;Leonardo DiCaprio;success
I rejected the notion that my race or sex would bar my success in life.;Constance Baker Motley;success
Success depends almost entirely on how effectively you learn to manage the game's two ultimate adversaries: the course and yourself.;Jack Nicklaus;success
I'm glad that my parents missed one thing that was really unbelievable. They saw me hit this great success. It was a blast and we had a lot of laughs. And it was just an amazing time. They passed away. And then after I got, you know, famous, all these haters came out of nowhere.;Dane Cook;success
The one thing that makes me feel super lucky about my financial success is that I have a housekeeper.;Gwen Stefani;success
If I wasn't even famous or had any success, I would still wake up and put tons of make-up on, and put on a cool outfit. That's always been who I've been my whole life, so that's never gonna change. I love fashion. I love getting dressed up. I love Halloween, too.;Gwen Stefani;success
Success consists in being successful, not in having potential for success. Any wide piece of ground is the potential site of a palace, but there's no palace till it's built.;Fernando Pessoa;success
The quick success was a bit strange to get used to.;Fiona Apple;success
In a way, a certain amount of self-criticism is a good thing, because it keeps you humble. Realizing that no matter what success you've achieved, you can still make enemies makes you humble, too.;Lynn Johnston;success
Success is the necessary misfortune of life, but it is only to the very unfortunate that it comes early.;Anthony Trollope;success
Success is not in never failing, but rising everytime you fall!;Jonathan Taylor Thomas;success
I don't think about financial success as the measurement of my success.;Christie Hefner;success
Excess is success.;Roberto Cavalli;success
Sometimes, because of my success, I am afraid that I was not a good father. With the first two I was too strong, and with the other three I was too weak.;Roberto Cavalli;success
I feel like a hostage to fortune. Not that I am complaining. I wanted to play the role. But in truth I didn't think the show would be such a success. OK, I thought it would fail. Not because it was bad. I was confident it was good, but plenty of good things just sort of wither on the vine.;Hugh Laurie;success
I admit I can't shake the idea that there is virtue in suffering, that there is a sort of psychic economy, whereby if you embrace success, happiness and comfort, these things have to be paid for.;Hugh Laurie;success
It's absolutely essential that we have the same safeguards that straight couples do. But I want more than a 50 percent chance of success. I don't want to emulate that.;George Michael;success
I have more love, success, and security than I could ever dream of.;George Michael;success
I see nothing wrong with the human trait to desire. In fact, I consider it integral to our success mechanism. Becoming attached to what we desire is what causes the trouble. If you must have it in order to be happy, then you are denying the happiness of the here and now.;Peter McWilliams;success
Success is always temporary. When all is said and one, the only thing you'll have left is your character.;Vince Gill;success
When I meet successful people I ask 100 questions as to what they attribute their success to. It is usually the same: persistence, hard work and hiring good people.;Kiana Tom;success
With 'Believe' bringing really big success for me outside of the U.K. for the first time, it meant I have been touring around the world and that led to a gap from the studio. I really feel like the gap has done me the world of good. Throughout that time I was able to collect songs that I really loved.;Katherine Jenkins;success
I have found no greater satisfaction than achieving success through honest dealing and strict adherence to the view that, for you to gain, those you deal with should gain as well.;Alan Greenspan;success
Like everybody, I have invested in things that have gone bad, because there's never any guarantee of success or profit when it comes to money.;Murray Walker;success
When everything happens to you when you're so young, you're very lucky, but by the same token, you're never going to have that same feeling again. The first time anything happens to you - your first love, your first success - the second one is never the same.;Lauren Bacall;success
We all know that Social Security is one of this country's greatest success stories in the 20th century.;Mitch McConnell;success
Enjoy failure and learn from it. You can never learn from success.;James Dyson;success
In the digital age of 'overnight' success stories such as Facebook, the hard slog is easily overlooked.;James Dyson;success
I went to America and got into a band, had success, had hits in Australia.;Rick Springfield;success
Yeah, ideally, I'd probably wish to be more anonymous. But scrutiny and success go together. And I want to be successful.;Paula Radcliffe;success
Well, I do feel that I carry the responsibility of representing my country wherever I am, and this responsibility came with the success that I had in last couple of years, not just myself but the whole group of tennis players that comes from Serbia. And athletes in general are, in this moment, the biggest ambassadors that our country has.;Novak Djokovic;success
There's a lot of blood, sweat, and guts between dreams and success.;Paul Bryant;success
I'm not sure anybody's ready to see me in a drama. And loving movies so much, I've seen a lot of comics try to make that transition too fast, and it can be detrimental. And I don't think I've had as much success as I need in the comedy genre to open up those opportunities.;Seann William Scott;success
Being best is a false goal, you have to measure success on your own terms.;Damien Hirst;success
I want to make sure I don't interfere with the success of that team next year. I don't see any way I could go to practice like most of 'em do, and not hurt the team. I'd go nuts if I tried doing that.;Bear Bryant;success
The success of any great moral enterprise does not depend upon numbers.;William Lloyd Garrison;success
Team GB's success at the Beijing Olympics can, in part, be said to have been made in Manchester. For example, all the cycling medal winners trained at Manchester's velodrome, the National Cycling Centre.;Lucy Powell;success
For us political activists and candidates, the morning after any election is a mix of emotions - the personal and the immediate, the culmination of your own recent campaigning efforts and the fortunes of your party and the success or otherwise of what you stand for and believe in.;Lucy Powell;success
I never expected any sort of success with 'Mockingbird'... I sort of hoped someone would like it enough to give me encouragement.;Harper Lee;success
I've learned it's always better to have a small percentage of a big success, than a hundred percent of nothing.;Art Linkletter;success
Though I had success in my research both when I was mad and when I was not, eventually I felt that my work would be better respected if I thought and acted like a 'normal' person.;John Forbes Nash;success
I don't think success arrives and you're suddenly happy. It's not like that. If people think that they'll be very disappointed.;Michael Hutchence;success
There is no middle ground in Hollywood you're a failure or you're a success. That mentality is wild.;Javier Bardem;success
I think the success of a talk show depends on how true it is to the personality of the person hosting it. The shows I really admire, like 'Oprah' and 'Ellen,' are distinctively like their hosts, so I think my show will be successful only if we try to stay consistent to my own sense of myself.;Jane Pauley;success
Success will always be measured by the extent to which we serve the buying public.;James Cash Penney;success
Anyone who has to fight, even with the most modern weapons, against an enemy in complete command of the air, fights like a savage against modern European troops, under the same handicaps and with the same chances of success.;Erwin Rommel;success
To me, success is choice and opportunity.;Harrison Ford;success
Dullness in matters of government is a good sign, and not a bad one - in particular, dullness in parliamentary government is a test of its excellence, an indication of its success.;Walter Bagehot;success
The kind of theater that I do is sort of 'narrative realism,' which I think in the broadest sense is legitimate to say is mainstream. I mean, in a certain sense, Suzan-Lori's plays have had mainstream levels of success. But Suzan-Lori is in some ways not a narrative realist.;Tony Kushner;success
I was, if you like, a successful schoolboy in that I had a degree of talent in all the required things that make you a success at school.;Damian Lewis;success
Success follows those adept at preserving the substance of the past by clothing it in the forms of the future.;Dee Hock;success
My store, Wine Library, outsells big national chains. How do you think we do it? It started with hustle. I always say that our success wasn't due to my hundreds of online videos about wine that went viral, but to the hours I spent talking to people online afterward, making connections and building relationships.;Gary Vaynerchuk;success
I always say that the real success of Wine Library wasn't due to the videos I posted, but to the hours I spent talking to people online afterward, making connections and building relationships.;Gary Vaynerchuk;success
Well, you can't be trying to achieve success of any kind in this business without accepting that there's going to be a flip side to it.;Jennifer Garner;success
Hosting a TV show is a full-time job in which success is defined by it never ending.;John Hodgman;success
I think success has no rules, but you can learn a great deal from failure.;Jean Kerr;success
Success in the majority of circumstances depends on knowing how long it takes to succeed.;Charles de Montesquieu;success
I'm starting to judge success by the time I have for myself, the time I spend with family and friends. My priorities aren't amending they're shifting.;Brendan Fraser;success
A sign now of success with a certain audience when you do a short comedy piece, anywhere, is that it gets on YouTube and gets around. It's always something you're thinking about unconsciously.;Andy Samberg;success
I mean, we are tribal by nature, and sometimes success and material wealth can divide and separate - it's not a new philosophy I'm sharing - more than hardship, hardship tends to unify.;Colin Farrell;success
In my time and neighborhood (and in my soul) there was only one standard by which a woman measured success: did some man want her?;Jessamyn West;success
My definition of success is control.;Kenneth Branagh;success
If there is any secret to my success, I think it's that my characters are very real to me. I feel everything they feel, and therefore I think my readers care about them.;Sidney Sheldon;success
All business success rests on something labeled a sale, which at least momentarily weds company and customer.;Tom Peters;success
The whole secret to our success is being able to con ourselves into believing that we're going to change the world because statistically we are unlikely to do it.;Tom Peters;success
Failures to heroic minds are the stepping stones to success.;Thomas Chandler Haliburton;success
How easy to be amiable in the midst of happiness and success.;William Ellery Channing;success
Evolution acts slowly. Our psychological characteristics today are those that promoted reproductive success in the ancestral environmen.;Keith Henson;success
To be associated with success is absolutely wonderful.;Roger Moore;success
Success depends in a very large measure upon individual initiative and exertion, and cannot be achieved except by a dint of hard work.;Anna Pavlova;success
Success produces confidence confidence relaxes industry, and negligence ruins the reputation which accuracy had raised.;Ben Jonson;success
I was trying to uphold what I thought feminism was as best I could by supporting women, by trying to create an opportunity to get women to get together, play music together and celebrate the fact that we are having great success making music on our own and together.;Sarah McLachlan;success
If there's no fire, there's no scream. If there's no scream, then no one hears you and no one comes to help you in the first place. The depth of my struggle has definitely determined the height of my success. To be able to teach my kids not just about success but about the struggle that comes with it.;R. Kelly;success
Put paying your dues and all that puts so much into being a success. You have an understanding of what it's about, being on your own for three or four years and living day to day on $3, or living in an apartment with no electricity.;Taylor Kitsch;success
For example, the equivalent of a woman being treated as a sex object is a man being treated as a success object.;Warren Farrell;success
The vampire was a complete change from the usual romantic characters I was playing, but it was a success.;Bela Lugosi;success
Success sometimes can really bite you in the shorts.;Donny Osmond;success
With success came an ever-growing burden of responsibility. I lived with a near-constant low-level anxiety that I would make a mistake that would not only threaten my career, but also my brothers' - not to mention the livelihoods of many people who work with us or for us.;Donny Osmond;success
Such a faith would be fatal to my reason, to my liberty, and even to the success of my undertakings it would immediately transform me into a stupid slave, an instrument of the will and interests of others.;Mikhail Bakunin;success
I passionately believe that's it's not just what you say that counts, it's also how you say it - that the success of your argument critically depends on your manner of presenting it.;Alain de Botton;success
I was born with success. Lucky for me I am able to handle it. Also, I damn well deserve it!;Larry Hagman;success
Major success feels a bit like a coronation. Like I'd become a king. I was one of the most famous people in the world, loved and hated in equal measure. I couldn't see anything bad with it. It made me a happy person.;Larry Hagman;success
I think that everybody in the world, whatever colour or creed, has a jerk like JR in his or her family somewhere. Whether it is a father, uncle, cousin or brother, everybody can identify with JR and that certainly had something to do with the success of 'Dallas.';Larry Hagman;success
As his partner on this amazing journey, I can tell you Mitt Romney was not handed success. He built it.;Ann Romney;success
Sudden success in golf is like the sudden acquisition of wealth. It is apt to unsettle and deteriorate the character.;P. G. Wodehouse;success
I gave up a lot of things in exchange for my success.;Billy Sheehan;success
The success of Watermark surprised me. I never thought of music as something commercial it was something very personal to me.;Enya;success
That's the key to success, isn't it? It has to be fun.;Monica Seles;success
There's that unwritten schism that literary writers get all the awards and commericals writers get all the success.;Jodi Picoult;success
I think all of us certainly believed the statistics which said that probably 88% chance of mission success and maybe 96% chance of survival. And we were willing to take those odds.;Alan Shepard;success
You know, I can be the happiest man in the world with minimal record success.;Joe Nichols;success
I want to see success right away. And I want to never give up, never stop.;Joe Nichols;success
If you can go out with your live show and turn people on to that, where you have that fan base that's religious and they're going to come see you when you're in that town, once your radio success is gone and you're not a mainstream guy anymore you can still go out and play your shows.;Jason Aldean;success
A man desires praise that he may be reassured, that he may be quit of his doubting of himself he is indifferent to applause when he is confident of success.;Alec Waugh;success
Success is not assured, but America is resolute: this is the best chance for peace we are likely to see for some years to come - and we are acting to help Israelis and Palestinians seize this chance.;Condoleezza Rice;success
