I think we consider too much the good luck of the early bird and not enough the bad luck of the early worm.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;good
You grow up a bit damaged or broken then you have some success but you don't know how to feel good about the work you're doing or the life you're leading.;Johnny Depp;good
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.;Marianne Williamson;good
I'd like to get four people who do cart wheels very good, and make a cart.;Mitch Hedberg;good
The whole course of human history may depend on a change of heart in one solitary and even humble individual - for it is in the solitary mind and soul of the individual that the battle between good and evil is waged and ultimately won or lost.;M. Scott Peck;good
People write negatives things, cause they feel that's what sells. Good news to them, doesn't sell.;Michael Jackson;good
The best is the enemy of the good.;Voltaire;good
All good music resembles something. Good music stirs by its mysterious resemblance to the objects and feelings which motivated it.;Jean Cocteau;good
Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your good health has vanished.;Og Mandino;good
Anything you're good at contributes to happiness.;Bertrand Russell;good
In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by.;Lucille Ball;good
If you lead a country like Britain, a strong country, a country which has taken a lead in world affairs in good times and in bad, a country that is always reliable, then you have to have a touch of iron about you.;Margaret Thatcher;good
I intend to fight and I want to win. But my priorities are basically to be a good Brother and a strong one, and to try to be a good father one day.;Mike Tyson;good
All tyranny needs to gain a foothold is for people of good conscience to remain silent.;Edmund Burke;good
Nothing good ever comes of violence.;Martin Luther;good
The society which scorns excellence in plumbing as a humble activity and tolerates shoddiness in philosophy because it is an exalted activity will have neither good plumbing nor good philosophy: neither its pipes nor its theories will hold water.;John W. Gardner;good
If the critics are right that I've made all my decisions based on polls, then I must not be very good at reading them.;Barack Obama;good
If you love those who love you, what credit is that to you? For even sinners love those who love them. And if you do good to those who do good to you, what credit is that to you? For even sinners do the same.;Jesus Christ;good
When you are angry or frustrated, what comes out? Whatever it is, it's a good indication of what you're made of.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;good
Few people have the wisdom to prefer the criticism that would do them good, to the praise that deceives them.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;good
Life's a fight. It's a good fight of faith.;Joel Osteen;good
Absences are a good influence in love and keep it bright and delicate.;Robert Louis Stevenson;good
Books are good enough in their own way, but they are a poor substitute for life.;Robert Louis Stevenson;good
The opportunity for doing mischief is found a hundred times a day, and of doing good once in a year.;Voltaire;good
Setting a good example is a far better way to spread ideals than through force of arms.;Ron Paul;good
All styles are good except the tiresome kind.;Voltaire;good
Life is neither good or evil, but only a place for good and evil.;Marcus Aurelius;good
He who is too busy doing good finds no time to be good.;Rabindranath Tagore;good
That which is not good for the bee-hive cannot be good for the bees.;Marcus Aurelius;good
A good listener is usually thinking about something else.;Kin Hubbard;good
Death is a commingling of eternity with time in the death of a good man, eternity is seen looking through time.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;good
All you need for happiness is a good gun, a good horse, and a good wife.;Daniel Boone;good
When you are older you will understand how precious little things, seemingly of no value in themselves, can be loved and prized above all price when they convey the love and thoughtfulness of a good heart.;Edwin Booth;good
In this country it is a good thing to kill an admiral from time to time to encourage the others.;Voltaire;good
When bad men combine, the good must associate else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.;Edmund Burke;good
When I woke up this morning my girlfriend asked me, 'Did you sleep good?' I said 'No, I made a few mistakes.';Steven Wright;good
Make friends with the angels, who though invisible are always with you. Often invoke them, constantly praise them, and make good use of their help and assistance in all your temporal and spiritual affairs.;Saint Francis de Sales;good
There are two great forces, God's force of good and the devil's force of evil, and I believe Satan is alive and he is working, and he is working harder than ever, and we have many mysteries that we don't understand.;Billy Graham;good
My message is that God is a good God.;Joel Osteen;good
Go to foreign countries and you will get to know the good things one possesses at home.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;good
My idea of good company is the company of clever, well-informed people who have a great deal of conversation that is what I call good company.;Jane Austen;good
Tomorrow is nothing, today is too late the good lived yesterday.;Marcus Aurelius;good
A conversation is a dialogue, not a monologue. That's why there are so few good conversations: due to scarcity, two intelligent talkers seldom meet.;Truman Capote;good
You can do more good by being good than any other way.;John Wooden;good
And finally I twist my heart round again, so that the bad is on the outside and the good is on the inside, and keep on trying to find a way of becoming what I would so like to be, and could be, if there weren't any other people living in the world.;Anne Frank;good
The good fighters of old first put themselves beyond the possibility of defeat, and then waited for an opportunity of defeating the enemy.;Sun Tzu;good
Bad politicians are sent to Washington by good people who don't vote.;William E. Simon;good
I think a gentleman is someone who holds the comfort of other people above their own. The instinct to do that is inside every good man, I believe. The rules about opening doors and buying dinner and all of that other 'gentleman' stuff is a chess game, especially these days.;Anna Kendrick;good
Good character is not formed in a week or a month. It is created little by little, day by day. Protracted and patient effort is needed to develop good character.;Heraclitus;good
Posterity: you will never know how much it has cost my generation to preserve your freedom. I hope you will make good use of it.;John Quincy Adams;good
It seems to never occur to fools that merit and good fortune are closely united.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;good
Down on your knees, and thank heaven, fasting, for a good man's love.;Euripides;good
Politics ought to be the part-time profession of every citizen who would protect the rights and privileges of free people and who would preserve what is good and fruitful in our national heritage.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;good
About astrology and palmistry: they are good because they make people vivid and full of possibilities. They are communism at its best. Everybody has a birthday and almost everybody has a palm.;Kurt Vonnegut;good
No good deed goes unpunished.;Clare Boothe Luce;good
In the beginning there was the word. The word was Jah. The word is in I, Jah is in I. I make what is good, better, and what is better, best. I follow this in every aspect of life.;Peter Tosh;good
Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well.;Robert Louis Stevenson;good
It's really a wonder that I haven't dropped all my ideals, because they seem so absurd and impossible to carry out. Yet I keep them, because in spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart.;Anne Frank;good
One good schoolmaster is of more use than a hundred priests.;Thomas Paine;good
Good management is the art of making problems so interesting and their solutions so constructive that everyone wants to get to work and deal with them.;Paul Hawken;good
If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love.;Michel de Montaigne;good
The general who advances without coveting fame and retreats without fearing disgrace, whose only thought is to protect his country and do good service for his sovereign, is the jewel of the kingdom.;Sun Tzu;good
People have to talk about something just to keep their voice boxes in working order so they'll have good voice boxes in case there's ever anything really meaningful to say.;Kurt Vonnegut;good
I am in politics because of the conflict between good and evil, and I believe that in the end good will triumph.;Margaret Thatcher;good
You must become an old man in good time if you wish to be an old man long.;Marcus Aurelius;good
As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;good
In art the best is good enough.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;good
You're only as good as your last haircut.;Fran Lebowitz;good
Whatever the universal nature assigns to any man at any time is for the good of that man at that time.;Marcus Aurelius;good
And above all things, never think that you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. My belief is that in life people will take you at your own reckoning.;Isaac Asimov;good
I have always believed, and I still believe, that whatever good or bad fortune may come our way we can always give it meaning and transform it into something of value.;Hermann Hesse;good
A good job is more than just a paycheck. A good job fosters independence and discipline, and contributes to the health of the community. A good job is a means to provide for the health and welfare of your family, to own a home, and save for retirement.;James H. Douglas;good
A man that does not know how to be angry does not know how to be good.;Henry Ward Beecher;good
Many of you are well enough off that the tax cuts may have helped you. We're saying that for America to get back on track, we're probably going to cut that short and not give it to you. We're going to take things away from you on behalf of the common good.;Hillary Clinton;good
A good man can be stupid and still be good. But a bad man must have brains.;Maxim Gorky;good
By cultivating the beautiful we scatter the seeds of heavenly flowers, as by doing good we cultivate those that belong to humanity.;Robert A. Heinlein;good
If there were no bad people, there would be no good lawyers.;Charles Dickens;good
It is always the best policy to speak the truth, unless, of course, you are an exceptionally good liar.;Jerome K. Jerome;good
All married couples should learn the art of battle as they should learn the art of making love. Good battle is objective and honest - never vicious or cruel. Good battle is healthy and constructive, and brings to a marriage the principles of equal partnership.;Ann Landers;good
I talked to the players and tried to make them aware of what was good and bad, but I didn't try to run their lives.;John Wooden;good
My eyesight is not nearly as good. My hearing is probably going away. My memory is slipping too. But I'm still around.;John Wooden;good
Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths pure theatre.;Gail Godwin;good
This battle for 'common-sense' gun control laws pits emotion and passion against logic and reason. All too often in such a contest, logic loses. So, expect more meaningless, if not harmful, 'gun control' legislation. Good news - if you're a crook.;Larry Elder;good
The man who has the will to undergo all labor may win to any good.;Martin Luther;good
It's good to experience Hollywood in short bursts, I guess. Little snippets. I don't think I can handle being here all the time, it's pretty nutty.;Johnny Depp;good
It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more.;Woody Allen;good
Giving every man a vote has no more made men wise and free than Christianity has made them good.;H. L. Mencken;good
Our creator is the same and never changes despite the names given Him by people here and in all parts of the world. Even if we gave Him no name at all, He would still be there, within us, waiting to give us good on this earth.;George Washington Carver;good
There is an infinite difference between a little wrong and just right, between fairly good and the best, between mediocrity and superiority.;Orison Swett Marden;good
If you don't think drugs have done good things for us, then take all of your records, tapes and CD's and burn them.;Bill Hicks;good
To be a good loser is to learn how to win.;Carl Sandburg;good
It is the mark of a good action that it appears inevitable in retrospect.;Robert Louis Stevenson;good
The mark of a good action is that it appears inevitable in retrospect.;Robert Louis Stevenson;good
All human beings are commingled out of good and evil.;Robert Louis Stevenson;good
There is an idea abroad among moral people that they should make their neighbors good. One person I have to make good: Myself. But my duty to my neighbor is much more nearly expressed by saying that I have to make him happy if I may.;Robert Louis Stevenson;good
Well, well, Henry James is pretty good, though he is of the nineteenth century, and that glaringly.;Robert Louis Stevenson;good
He who would do good to another must do it in Minute Particulars: general Good is the plea of the scoundrel, hypocrite, and flatterer, for Art and Science cannot exist but in minutely organized Particulars.;William Blake;good
No matter what looms ahead, if you can eat today, enjoy today, mix good cheer with friends today enjoy it and bless God for it.;Henry Ward Beecher;good
It is not a God, just and good, but a devil, under the name of God, that the Bible describes.;Thomas Paine;good
