When love is at its best, one loves so much that he cannot forget.;Helen Hunt Jackson;best
It is with trifles, and when he is off guard, that a man best reveals his character.;Arthur Schopenhauer;best
She's always there for me when I need her She's my best friend she's just my everything.;Ashley Olsen;best
The best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it.;Harry S. Truman;best
Priests are not men of the world it is not intended that they should be and a University training is the one best adapted to prevent their becoming so.;Samuel Butler;best
This Halloween, the most popular mask is the Arnold Schwarzenegger mask. And the best part? With a mouth full of candy you will sound just like him.;Conan O'Brien;best
I've run the Boston Marathon 6 times before. I think the best aspects of the marathon are the beautiful changes of the scenery along the route and the warmth of the people's support. I feel happier every time I enter this marathon.;Haruki Murakami;best
The scientific theory I like best is that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost airline luggage.;Mark Russell;best
You don't despair about something like the Middle East, you just do the best you can.;P. J. O'Rourke;best
The best vision is insight.;Malcolm Forbes;best
Friends are the best to turn to when you're having a rough day.;Justin Bieber;best
I paint self-portraits because I am so often alone, because I am the person I know best.;Frida Kahlo;best
There is a wisdom in this beyond the rules of physic: a man's own observation what he finds good of and what he finds hurt of is the best physic to preserve health.;Francis Bacon;best
Virtue is like a rich stone, best plain set.;Francis Bacon;best
Some people have such a talent for making the best of a bad situation that they go around creating bad situations so they can make the best of them.;Jean Kerr;best
My best moment? I have a lot of good moments but the one I prefer is when I kicked the hooligan.;Eric Cantona;best
The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.;Paramahansa Yogananda;best
There is so much good in the worst of us, and so much bad in the best of us, that it ill behaves any of us to find fault with the rest of us.;James Truslow Adams;best
The best revenge is to live on and prove yourself.;Eddie Vedder;best
We all like to forgive, and love best not those who offend us least, nor who have done most for us, but those who make it most easy for us to forgive them.;Samuel Butler;best
He has spent his life best who has enjoyed it most. God will take care that we do not enjoy it any more than is good for us.;Samuel Butler;best
I've given it my all. I've done my best. Now, I'm ready with my family to begin the next phase of our lives.;Richard M. Daley;best
Man finds it hard to get what he wants, because he does not want the best God finds it hard to give, because He would give the best, and man will not take it.;George MacDonald;best
Meditation is all about the pursuit of nothingness. It's like the ultimate rest. It's better than the best sleep you've ever had. It's a quieting of the mind. It sharpens everything, especially your appreciation of your surroundings. It keeps life fresh.;Hugh Jackman;best
I don't believe the most successful people are the ones who got the best grades, got into the best schools, or made the most money.;Ben Stein;best
Your best friend and worst enemy are both in this room right now. It's not your neighbor right or left - and it's not God or the devil - it's you.;Edwin Louis Cole;best
Men at most differ as Heaven and Earth, but women, worst and best, as Heaven and Hell.;Alfred Lord Tennyson;best
And it is still true, no matter how old you are, when you go out into the world it is best to hold hands and stick together.;Robert Fulghum;best
I'm human, I'm not perfect. I make mistakes all the time, but I guess my job is to keep those mistakes to myself, which I'm already fine doing and just try to be the best I can be for those kids.;Selena Gomez;best
Maria is the best reason to come home.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;best
Philosophy begins in wonder. And, at the end, when philosophic thought has done its best, the wonder remains.;Alfred North Whitehead;best
There is no end of craving. Hence contentment alone is the best way to happiness. Therefore, acquire contentment.;Sivananda;best
The large majority of the Negroes who have put on the finishing touches of our best colleges are all but worthless in the development of their people.;Carter G. Woodson;best
The best thing is to look natural, but it takes makeup to look natural.;Calvin Klein;best
Humor is one of the best ingredients of survival.;Aung San Suu Kyi;best
In less enlightened times, the best way to impress women was to own a hot car. But women wised up and realized it was better to buy their own hot cars so they wouldn't have to ride around with jerks.;Scott Adams;best
One man's ways may be as good as another's, but we all like our own best.;Jane Austen;best
The best way to lose weight is to close your mouth - something very difficult for a politician. Or watch your food - just watch it, don't eat it.;Edward Koch;best
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.;William Arthur Ward;best
No matter the nationality, no matter the religion, no matter the ethnic background, America brings out the best in people.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;best
Words empty as the wind are best left unsaid.;Homer;best
It is our moral obligation to give every child the very best education possible.;Desmond Tutu;best
Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it.;Sam Ewing;best
Loving a child doesn't mean giving in to all his whims to love him is to bring out the best in him, to teach him to love what is difficult.;Nadia Boulanger;best
To all the positions, I just bring the determination to win. Me being an unselfish player, I think that can carry on to my teammates. When you have one of the best players on the court being unselfish, I think that transfers to the other players.;LeBron James;best
Expect the best, Prepare for the worst.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;best
The union movement has been the best middle class job creating program that America has ever had, and it doesn't cost the government a dime.;Andy Stern;best
The best subjects are always people, who never fail to amaze me by their unpredictability.;Ronnie James Dio;best
Having lots of siblings is like having built-in best friends.;Kim Kardashian;best
The best things in life are silly.;Scott Adams;best
Thinking well to be wise: planning well, wiser: doing well wisest and best of all.;Malcolm Forbes;best
Perhaps it sounds ridiculous, but the best thing that young filmmakers should do is to get hold of a camera and some film and make a movie of any kind at all.;Stanley Kubrick;best
Courtesy is a silver lining around the dark clouds of civilization it is the best part of refinement and in many ways, an art of heroic beauty in the vast gallery of man's cruelty and baseness.;Bryant H. McGill;best
I marvel at the resilience of the Jewish people. Their best characteristic is their desire to remember. No other people has such an obsession with memory.;Elie Wiesel;best
Every day, people settle for less than they deserve. They are only partially living or at best living a partial life. Every human being has the potential for greatness.;Bo Bennett;best
Throughout my life I have always been amazed that people couldn't listen to other people, that they couldn't hear their best intent, that there seemed to be an enormous need to demonize.;Warren Farrell;best
Ideas are elusive, slippery things. Best to keep a pad of paper and a pencil at your bedside, so you can stab them during the night before they get away.;Earl Nightingale;best
Though bachelors be the strongest stakes, married men are the best binders, in the hedge of the commonwealth.;Thomas Fuller;best
He is the best sailor who can steer within fewest points of the wind, and exact a motive power out of the greatest obstacles.;Walter Scott;best
The education of women is the best way to save the environment.;E. O. Wilson;best
Pride is still aiming at the best houses: Men would be angels, angels would be gods. Aspiring to be gods, if angels fell aspiring to be angels men rebel.;Alexander Pope;best
Woman's at best a contradiction still.;Alexander Pope;best
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.;William Makepeace Thackeray;best
Being a mother is the best thing that ever happened to me. Before you have your first baby you are a girl and then you become a mother. There is no transition into being a woman you literally become a mum and being a mum means you always love someone else more than yourself and it is an unexplainable situation.;Brigitte Nielsen;best
God's gifts put man's best dreams to shame.;Elizabeth Barrett Browning;best
I did the best I could, and in some arenas, my best was not good enough. I've made some bad choices.;Amy Grant;best
Those men get along best with women who can get along best without them.;Charles Baudelaire;best
In our so-called democracy we are accustomed to give the majority what they want rather than educate them to understand what is best for them.;Carter G. Woodson;best
It is our best work that God wants, not the dregs of our exhaustion. I think he must prefer quality to quantity.;George MacDonald;best
I was blessed with certain gifts and talents and God gave them to me to be the best person I can be and to have a positive impact on other people.;Bryan Clay;best
Music is the best way for me to say I love you.;Mireille Mathieu;best
The time that people aren't expecting what's going to happen, I find that's the best time to really cause the damage that needs to be done.;Marilyn Manson;best
You and I are stuck with the necessity of taking the worst of two evils or none at all. So-I'm taking the immature Democrat as the best of the two. Nixon is impossible.;Harry S. Truman;best
I just always expect the best because I'm a competitor and if I'm competing, then obviously I'm trying to be better in everything.;Lil Wayne;best
Our most intimate friend is not he to whom we show the worst, but the best of our nature.;Nathaniel Hawthorne;best
A Boss in Heaven is the best excuse for a boss on earth, therefore If God did exist, he would have to be abolished.;Mikhail Bakunin;best
Party-spirit at best is but the madness of many for the gain of a few.;Alexander Pope;best
My dad was my best friend and greatest role model. He was an amazing dad, coach, mentor, soldier, husband and friend.;Tiger Woods;best
Yet, it is true, poetry is delicious the best prose is that which is most full of poetry.;Virginia Woolf;best
The ultimate victory in competition is derived from the inner satisfaction of knowing that you have done your best and that you have gotten the most out of what you had to give.;Howard Cosell;best
Power will intoxicate the best hearts, as wine the strongest heads. No man is wise enough, nor good enough to be trusted with unlimited power.;Charles Caleb Colton;best
Beauty ought to look a little surprised: it is the emotion that best suits her face. The beauty who does not look surprised, who accepts her position as her due - she reminds us too much of a prima donna.;E. M. Forster;best
There are many little ways to enlarge your child's world. Love of books is the best of all.;Jackie Kennedy;best
When you look good, you feel good. Confidence with what you're wearing is very important. If you feel good, you will always perform your best without worrying about anything.;Maria Sharapova;best
Like anything else that happens on its own, the act of writing is beyond currency. Money is great stuff to have, but when it comes to the act of creation, the best thing is not to think of money too much. It constipates the whole process.;Stephen King;best
Good manners is the art of making those people easy with whom we converse. Whoever makes the fewest people uneasy is the best bred in the room.;Jonathan Swift;best
The best of seers is he who guesses well.;Euripides;best
Great tragedy has come to us, and we are meeting it with the best that is in our country, with courage and concern for others because this is America. This is who we are.;George W. Bush;best
Gorgeous hair is the best revenge.;Ivana Trump;best
When one is trying to do something beyond his known powers it is useless to seek the approval of friends. Friends are at their best in moments of defeat.;Henry Miller;best
Borrowing knowledge of reality from all sources, taking the best from every study, Science of Mind brings together the highest enlightenment of the ages.;Ernest Holmes;best
We reproach people for talking about themselves but it is the subject they treat best.;Anatole France;best
Autumn wins you best by this its mute appeal to sympathy for its decay.;Robert Browning;best
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best.;Andrew Carnegie;best
What is the recipe for successful achievement? To my mind there are just four essential ingredients: Choose a career you love, give it the best there is in you, seize your opportunities, and be a member of the team.;Benjamin Franklin Fairless;best
Do not have evil-doers for friends, do not have low people for friends: have virtuous people for friends, have for friends the best of men.;George Santayana;best
Do not make best friends with a melancholy sad soul. They always are heavily loaded, and you must bear half.;Francois Fenelon;best
We can best help you to prevent war not by repeating your words and following your methods but by finding new words and creating new methods.;Virginia Woolf;best
As we look forward to freedom, the shining city on the hill and the best days of America lying ahead, it is the men and women in uniform who protect, defend and make us proud to whom we should look and give thanks every night.;Robin Hayes;best
