We trust something in a grocery store and assume it's good. We don't learn about the most precious thing in life-the food we put in our body. Educate yourself!;Paul Prudhomme;food
We had no electricity, no gas. Food was probably our greatest entertainment - the most fun thing that we could do was food.;Paul Prudhomme;food
In '71 or '72 I returned to New Orleans and stayed there. I started cooking Louisiana food. Of all the things I had cooked, it was the best-and it was my heritage.;Paul Prudhomme;food
If you have acid in food, you need to sugar it. At a high temperature, the acids are changed to sugar.;Paul Prudhomme;food
I wait for the next opportunity to have something to do with food. If I get rested, my mind just starts creating new dishes - click, click, click.;Paul Prudhomme;food
I'd like to have the first restaurant that can deliver incredible quality food to your table at your house at any time-right where you live.;Paul Prudhomme;food
Cajun is country food by farmers and fisherman that arrived in Louisiana from Acadiana, Canada.;Paul Prudhomme;food
After failing four times and after working for other people and realizing that nobody paid attention to the food like they should have, we wanted to just pay attention to the food and service.;Paul Prudhomme;food
I remember that at the beginning of the month, the kind of menus my mom and father would prepare for us would have fish, chicken. But at the end of the month - because my father would be waiting for paycheck - the refrigerator would get empty. I remember that without a lot of food left, some of the best meals happened right there.;Jose Andres Puerta;food
I recycle. I have a house in the south of France and I have a small garden. My name is Dujardin - 'from the garden.' I grow carrots, peppers, strawberries, green beans, and things for salads, but there are lots of wild boars all around and they steal the food.;Jean Dujardin;food
When I said a few weeks ago that our people would eat cooking oil and olives if necessary, I didn't mean that there really would be only oil and olives. What I meant was that our people have the necessary patience to endure the current difficult situation. Palestinians would rather do without certain food items than their national rights.;Ismail Haniyeh;food
Fashion, for me, is anything that's aesthetic and beautiful. Art, food, film. It's something that I appreciate and really like.;St. Vincent;food
I can celebrate food anytime. I love cheese. When I crave a certain food, I just eat it.;Emmanuelle Chriqui;food
Actually, if I don't eat healthy food I don't feel good. For me, I crave healthy food.;Kristin Cavallari;food
Cleaning is my favorite way to relax. I clear things out and get rid of the stuff I don't need. When the food pantry and the refrigerator are organized, I feel less stressed.;Jennifer Morrison;food
Man should not try to avoid stress any more than he would shun food, love or exercise.;Hans Selye;food
If you're working out and taking care of your body, you don't really want the greasy food that makes you feel tired or blah. You actually crave the good stuff!;Jenna Ushkowitz;food
Whatever I'm doing, I'm in that moment and I'm doing it. The rest of the world's lost. If I'm cooking some food or making soup, I want it to be lovely. If not, what's the point of doing it?;Sade Adu;food
I like to cook Indian food when I can. I find the process of creating a home-cooked meal to be unwinding.;Archie Panjabi;food
When I was younger I was fat. I was never conscious of it and was content with who I was because I was so loved. My mother never told me to lose weight and my father doted on me, but my agent told me. I tried, but I loved Indian food too much.;Archie Panjabi;food
Not like Chinese food, where you eat it and then you feel hungry an hour later.;Ray Liotta;food
People will travel anywhere for good food - it's crazy.;Rene Redzepi;food
Take a trip to the forest and experience the greatness of getting on your knees and picking your own food and going home... and eating it.;Rene Redzepi;food
Learning about issues such as sustainability and locavorism are things that you need to have as part of you as a chef because it will make you cook more delicious food.;Rene Redzepi;food
Italian food is all about ingredients and it's not fussy and it's not fancy.;Wolfgang Puck;food
What I don't like is breakfast in the morning. I have a double-espresso cappuccino, but no food.;Wolfgang Puck;food
Everybody has to put purees underneath everything now. It's like people think we need the steak, and then we need some baby food with it.;Wolfgang Puck;food
A lot of restaurants serve good food, but they don't have very good service.;Wolfgang Puck;food
I believe that London is the most exciting food city in Europe.;Wolfgang Puck;food
Television in the '80s was very limited. There was no Food Network.;Wolfgang Puck;food
I grew up in Austria, and for me real comfort food is Wiener Schnitzel. Wiener Schnitzel and mashed potatoes because it reminds me of my youth... It reminds me when I grow up and it feels very comforting.;Wolfgang Puck;food
There's a lot of processed food in America and I know that can make some tourists who're used to fresh food feel sick.;Wolfgang Puck;food
I don't find it a struggle to maintain a healthy diet now as my palate has changed. I don't crave rich food.;Jennifer Ellison;food
I had absolutely no idea how I had ballooned during my pregnancy. All I thought about was eating plenty of food to keep my baby healthy.;Jennifer Ellison;food
Neither does man have gills for living in a water environment yet it is not sinful to explore the depths of the oceans in search of food or other blessings.;Walter Lang;food
We must oppose programs that would take food from the mouths of younger generations to buy prescription drugs for old people, and we must do it... for the children.;L. Neil Smith;food
Today, there are also buyers and sellers of all these energy commodities, just like there are buyers and sellers of food commodities and many other commodities.;Kenneth Lay;food
We use competitive markets to arrange for delivery of our food supply.;Kenneth Lay;food
You start making movies and people start seeing when you go to places, and all of a sudden you are getting clothes for free and all of a sudden you are getting food for free.;Morris Chestnut;food
When I'm writing, my neural pathways get blocked. I can't read. I can barely hold a conversation without forgetting words and names. I wish I could wear the same clothes and eat the same food each day.;Kate Atkinson;food
Relief organizations both large and small are coordinating deliveries of food, clothing, water, and other basic necessities to those impacted by Katrina.;Jo Bonner;food
When I took command in Vietnam, I gave great emphasis to food and medical care - and to the mail.;William Westmoreland;food
We had the best food any battlefield ever had.;William Westmoreland;food
I do not know that any writer has supposed that on this earth man will ultimately be able to live without food.;Thomas Malthus;food
Food safety involves everybody in the food chain.;Mike Johanns;food
We're going to do everything possible to make sure that food safety is always paramount, and that we work with the industry as aggressively as we can to make sure that we're paying attention to the food-safety issues.;Mike Johanns;food
This president has said this has to be a priority for our nation, protecting our food supply from terrorist acts, so he continues to provide the funding that is necessary.;Mike Johanns;food
My friends gave me the first songs which was the first food in my soul for me.;Nana Mouskouri;food
Our livelihood is intimately tied to the food we eat, water we drink and places where we recreate. That's why we have to promote responsibility and conservation when it comes to our natural resources.;Mark Udall;food
To see those babies with no food for three of four days, old people sitting in the hot sun, when you see these poor people, you cannot help but being compassionate or affected.;Geraldo Rivera;food
Newlyweds shooting budget: 5k for actors, 2k insurance, 2k food and drink. 9k in the can. We only shot 12 days. That's how to make an independent film.;Edward Burns;food
After all the fertile land in the immediate neighbourhood of the first settlers were cultivated, if capital and population increased, more food would be required, and it could only be procured from land not so advantageously situated.;David Ricardo;food
The facility of obtaining food is beneficial in two ways to the owners of capital, it at the same time raises profits and increases the amount of consumable commodities.;David Ricardo;food
We must then build a proper relationship between the richest and the poorest countries based on our desire that they are able to fend for themselves with the investment that is necessary in their agriculture, so that Africa is not a net importer of food, but an exporter of food.;Gordon Brown;food
Peruvian food is so simple yet amazingly flavored with their traditional spices.;L'Wren Scott;food
Hopefully, imparting what's important to me, respect for the food and that information about the purveyors, people will realize that for a restaurant to be good, so many pieces have to come together.;Thomas Keller;food
Now the restaurants have begun to catch up with the wine-making there are numerous great restaurants in Napa Valley, and it's wonderful because the people are there for just that: great food and great wine.;Thomas Keller;food
But once in a while you might see me at In and Out Burger they make the best fast food hamburgers around.;Thomas Keller;food
When you're starting out as an actor, there isn't much food around. I was lucky to have a hit pretty early on. I didn't starve too long.;Steve Guttenberg;food
I'm a food addict, that's my downfall.;Valerie Bertinelli;food
I've realized that I'm more important than food is. I love a big slice of pizza, but I love myself more. Being thin is about changing the way you think about yourself. It's about saying that you deserve to be healthy.;Valerie Bertinelli;food
Once a food becomes off-limits, then it takes on this whole other personality. 'Forbidden' is more tempting. And it becomes something evil, but food is food. It's there to nourish your body.;Valerie Bertinelli;food
Music can also be a sensual pleasure, like eating food or sex. But its highest vibration for me is that point of taking us to a real understanding of something in our nature which we can very rarely get at. It is a spiritual state of oneness.;Terry Riley;food
Language is like songs, like food, like dance-it is the expression of what we think.;Holly Near;food
Many people in the world today are not starving because there is an inherent inability to produce food, they are starving because they are caught in the middle of political fights and blockades that have been used as weapons.;Ralph Merkle;food
Food is available, but it cannot be shipped into an area, so the people in that area suffer the consequences.;Ralph Merkle;food
Because of technological limits, there is a certain amount of food that we can produce per acre. If we were to have intensive greenhouse agriculture, we could have much higher production.;Ralph Merkle;food
A gun can be dangerous. But a gun can protect you, you can hunt for food with it - you know, the tool itself is a tool. The intention of the party using the tool is a part of the process, right? You know: the knife cuts the steak, stabs the person, saves somebody from danger, cuts somebody out of a car.;Peter Guber;food
I had a job at a movie theater for like a year and a half and then a job at a health food store for, like, two years. Those were the only two jobs I ever had.;Reggie Watts;food
The Paris peace talks kept a roof over my head and food on the table and clothes on my back because if something was said going in or coming out, I had the rent for the month.;Ed Bradley;food
It was dog food. Beef livers with onions in a can. You open it up and it looks like vomit.;Tom Sizemore;food
I swear I want to be a food model.;Amy Sedaris;food
People who shop in health food stores never look healthy.;Amy Sedaris;food
If we eat any food, or drink any beverage, we must recite a blessing over them before and after.;Shmuel Y. Agnon;food
I love Caribbean food. It's a great melting pot of so many cultures including the Native Americans.;Bob Greene;food
I was never a person who was introduced to junk food.;Ellen Pompeo;food
I'm learning to hunt with rifles, because if you think about it, hunting gets you the healthiest meat - organic, free-range food. It's a totally yuppie spin on what I thought was kind of a redneck occupation.;Sarah Wayne Callies;food
What's my favourite food? One you order out.;Abigail Breslin;food
I like putting my money into things like food and shelter. I'm probably a bad example of an investor.;Simon Baker;food
I don't like to generalize but I've had nothing but bad experiences with Mexican food in Europe.;Ezra Koenig;food
I love really good food and I don't ever want to spend too much for it, but I like hanging out and having really good, tasty, interesting food.;Kris Allen;food
It's fun to have money, but the more money I get, the less interesting it becomes. If you don't have very much, you have to think about it. If you are starving, you become interested in food. If you are struggling to pay the bills, money becomes tragically important.;Sebastian Junger;food
I have an impressionable palate. A well-worded menu or beautifully presented dish excites me. I get a great deal of pleasure just thinking about food.;Gayle King;food
Without sound conservation and management measures, fisheries will quickly become depleted and a basic component of global food security will be lost.;Sigmar Gabriel;food
My girlfriend Siri is a food blogger, and we both love to entertain and eat. This is what happens when you're in your thirties: what was once a passion and real appetite for nightlife in New York City manifests itself into other things, like entertaining at home.;Carson Daly;food
In our house we repeated the pattern of thousands of other homes. There were a few books and a lot of music. Our food and our furniture were no different from our neighbors'.;Emanuel Celler;food
I'm nutty for nutrition. I've become one of those people who can't stop talking about the connection between food and health. Now that I know how much changing what you eat can transform your life, I can't stop proselytizing.;Robin Quivers;food
Women oftentimes are the ones making those economic decisions, sitting around the kitchen table and trying to figure out how to pay for rising gas prices or food prices or the health insurance costs. And I think that they see where they expect their leaders in Congress to also make those tough decisions.;Cathy McMorris;food
If I've got food and water, as long as I can exercise my mind and keep it nimble, then I'll be okay.;Rob Walton;food
Animal substance seems to be the first food of all birds, even the granivorous tribes.;William Bartram;food
Man's survival, from the time of Adam and Eve until the invention of agriculture, must have been precarious because of his inability to ensure his food supply.;Norman Borlaug;food
Food is the moral right of all who are born into this world.;Norman Borlaug;food
I am but one member of a vast team made up of many organizations, officials, thousands of scientists, and millions of farmers - mostly small and humble - who for many years have been fighting a quiet, oftentimes losing war on the food production front.;Norman Borlaug;food
I'm always trying to find brain food and indulge in knowledge that's gonna be useful.;Big Boi;food
We can have technology, prosperity, nice homes and cars, but at the same time we must be conscious of what we are dumping into the water, the air and our food.;Kevin Richardson;food
We're the biggest food and agriculture company in the world.;Dwayne Andreas;food
Now an embryo may seem like some scientific or laboratory term, but in fact the embryo contains the unique information that defines a person. All you add is food and climate control, and some time, and the embryo becomes you or me.;Todd Akin;food
What I used to do between writing fits was feed my kids, ride my horse and go shopping for cat and dog food.;Anne McCaffrey;food
It's almost seems as though there's a battle going on between the public and all the fast-food establishments, and, believe me, I think it's very tasty food.;Regis Philbin;food
