President Barack Obama has stood watch over the greatest job loss in modern American history. And that, my friends, is one inconvenient truth that will haunt this President throughout history.;Mitt Romney;truth
First and last, what is demanded of genius is love of truth.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;truth
It is my feeling that Time ripens all things with Time all things are revealed Time is the father of truth.;Francois Rabelais;truth
There's no truth anymore.;Johnny Depp;truth
A lot of guys go, 'Hey, Yog, say a Yogi-ism.' I tell 'em, 'I don't know any.' They want me to make one up. I don't make 'em up. I don't even know when I say it. They're the truth. And it is the truth. I don't know.;Yogi Berra;truth
I wanted to write about the moment when your addictions no longer hide the truth from you. When your whole life breaks down. That's the moment when you have to somehow choose what your life is going to be about.;Chuck Palahniuk;truth
If the truth contradicts deeply held beliefs, that is too bad.;Hans Eysenck;truth
Expectations are a form of first-class truth: If people believe it, it's true.;Bill Gates;truth
Doubt, indulged and cherished, is in danger of becoming denial but if honest, and bent on thorough investigation, it may soon lead to full establishment of the truth.;Ambrose Bierce;truth
The truth that is suppressed by friends is the readiest weapon of the enemy.;Robert Louis Stevenson;truth
Ah, well, the truth is always one thing, but in a way it's the other thing, the gossip, that counts. It shows where people's hearts lie.;Paul Scott;truth
I was like a boy playing on the sea-shore, and diverting myself now and then finding a smoother pebble or a prettier shell than ordinary, whilst the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me.;Isaac Newton;truth
I tell you the truth, it is hard for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven. Again I tell you, it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven.;Jesus Christ;truth
The truth is found when men are free to pursue it.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;truth
An unexciting truth may be eclipsed by a thrilling lie.;Aldous Huxley;truth
The sad truth is that most evil is done by people who never make up their minds to be good or evil.;Hannah Arendt;truth
Of course it's the same old story. Truth usually is the same old story.;Margaret Thatcher;truth
Bigotry tries to keep truth safe in its hand with a grip that kills it.;Rabindranath Tagore;truth
You wanna get the truth out of me, get me hammered.;Ron White;truth
It may not always be easy, convenient, or politically correct to stand for truth and right, but it is the right thing to do. Always.;M. Russell Ballard;truth
It seems that the first victim of an Obama campaign is the truth. It seems that the first victim of an Obama campaign is the truth.;Mitt Romney;truth
Nine times out of ten, in the arts as in life, there is actually no truth to be discovered there is only error to be exposed.;H. L. Mencken;truth
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?;Lily Tomlin;truth
It is error only, and not truth, that shrinks from inquiry.;Thomas Paine;truth
To kill an error is as good a service as, and sometimes even better than, the establishing of a new truth or fact.;Charles Darwin;truth
I love you, and because I love you, I would sooner have you hate me for telling you the truth than adore me for telling you lies.;Pietro Aretino;truth
The truth is that there is only one terminal dignity - love. And the story of a love is not important - what is important is that one is capable of love. It is perhaps the only glimpse we are permitted of eternity.;Helen Hayes;truth
A half truth, like half a brick, is always more forcible as an argument than a whole one. It carries better.;Stephen Leacock;truth
He who does not bellow the truth when he knows the truth makes himself the accomplice of liars and forgers.;Charles Peguy;truth
No one can be happy who has been thrust outside the pale of truth. And there are two ways that one can be removed from this realm: by lying, or by being lied to.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;truth
Friendless. Having no favors to bestow. Destitute of fortune. Addicted to utterance of truth and common sense.;Ambrose Bierce;truth
One of the peculiar sins of the twentieth century which we've developed to a very high level is the sin of credulity. It has been said that when human beings stop believing in God they believe in nothing. The truth is much worse: they believe in anything.;Malcolm Muggeridge;truth
Great is truth, but still greater, from a practical point of view, is silence about truth. By simply not mentioning certain subjects... totalitarian propagandists have influenced opinion much more effectively than they could have by the most eloquent denunciations.;Aldous Huxley;truth
We've used up a lot of bullets. And we talk about stimulus. But the truth is, we're running a federal deficit that's 9 percent of GDP. That is stimulative as all get out. It's more stimulative than any policy we've followed since World War II.;Warren Buffett;truth
Those thoughts are truth which guide us to beneficial interaction with sensible particulars as they occur, whether they copy these in advance or not.;William James;truth
Truth lives, in fact, for the most part on a credit system. Our thoughts and beliefs pass, so long as nothing challenges them, just as bank-notes pass so long as nobody refuses them.;William James;truth
It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous.;Aldous Huxley;truth
We should not pretend to understand the world only by the intellect. The judgement of the intellect is only part of the truth.;Carl Jung;truth
You shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you mad.;Aldous Huxley;truth
Truth is what works.;William James;truth
We have to live today by what truth we can get today and be ready tomorrow to call it falsehood.;William James;truth
It is not because the truth is too difficult to see that we make mistakes... we make mistakes because the easiest and most comfortable course for us is to seek insight where it accords with our emotions - especially selfish ones.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;truth
To rise from error to truth is rare and beautiful.;Victor Hugo;truth
Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.;Nikola Tesla;truth
Man approaches the unattainable truth through a succession of errors.;Aldous Huxley;truth
Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.;Pablo Picasso;truth
The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty.;Pablo Neruda;truth
I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it. If people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it. It's the truth.;Charlie Chaplin;truth
Beyond a doubt truth bears the same relation to falsehood as light to darkness.;Leonardo da Vinci;truth
Proverbs are always platitudes until you have personally experienced the truth of them.;Aldous Huxley;truth
Truth is so obscure in these times, and falsehood so established, that, unless we love the truth, we cannot know it.;Blaise Pascal;truth
I am certain of nothing but the holiness of the heart's affections, and the truth of imagination.;John Keats;truth
Art is not a study of positive reality, it is the seeking for ideal truth.;John Ruskin;truth
Not being known doesn't stop the truth from being true.;Richard Bach;truth
If you seek truth you will not seek victory by dishonorable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.;Epictetus;truth
I never gave anybody hell! I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.;Harry S. Truman;truth
Two qualities are indispensable: first, an intellect that, even in the darkest hour, retains some glimmerings of the inner light which leads to truth and second, the courage to follow this faint light wherever it may lead.;Karl Von Clausewitz;truth
'Men have forgotten this truth,' said the fox. 'But you must not forget it. You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.';Antoine de Saint-Exupery;truth
When you stretch the truth, watch out for the snapback.;Bill Copeland;truth
If there were only one truth, you couldn't paint a hundred canvases on the same theme.;Pablo Picasso;truth
Richard Nixon is a no good, lying bastard. He can lie out of both sides of his mouth at the same time, and if he ever caught himself telling the truth, he'd lie just to keep his hand in.;Harry S. Truman;truth
If you shut the door to all errors, truth will be shut out.;Rabindranath Tagore;truth
The first step toward finding God, Who is Truth, is to discover the truth about myself: and if I have been in error, this first step to truth is the discovery of my error.;Thomas Merton;truth
Religion is about turning untested belief into unshakable truth through the power of institutions and the passage of time.;Richard Dawkins;truth
A good novel tells us the truth about its hero but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;truth
Wine comes in at the mouth And love comes in at the eye That's all we shall know for truth Before we grow old and die.;William Butler Yeats;truth
It is a melancholy truth that even great men have their poor relations.;Charles Dickens;truth
As a small businessperson, you have no greater leverage than the truth.;John Greenleaf Whittier;truth
We often want one thing and pray for another, not telling the truth even to the gods.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;truth
Time discovers truth.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;truth
But such is the irresistable nature of truth, that all it asks, and all it wants is the liberty of appearing.;Thomas Paine;truth
To be outspoken is easy when you do not wait to speak the complete truth.;Rabindranath Tagore;truth
For a creative writer possession of the 'truth' is less important than emotional sincerity.;George Orwell;truth
The truth is on the march and nothing will stop it.;Emile Zola;truth
The truth is a snare: you cannot have it, without being caught. You cannot have the truth in such a way that you catch it, but only in such a way that it catches you.;Soren Kierkegaard;truth
Mistakes are, after all, the foundations of truth, and if a man does not know what a thing is, it is at least an increase in knowledge if he knows what it is not.;Carl Jung;truth
God's truth judges created things out of love, and Satan's truth judges them out of envy and hatred.;Dietrich Bonhoeffer;truth
He that takes truth for his guide, and duty for his end, may safely trust to God's providence to lead him aright.;Blaise Pascal;truth
We all know that Art is not truth. Art is a lie that makes us realize the truth, at least the truth that is given to us to understand.;Pablo Picasso;truth
Everything deep is also simple and can be reproduced simply as long as its reference to the whole truth is maintained. But what matters is not what is witty but what is true.;Albert Schweitzer;truth
There really can be no peace without justice. There can be no justice without truth. And there can be no truth, unless someone rises up to tell you the truth.;Louis Farrakhan;truth
When I tell the truth, it is not for the sake of convincing those who do not know it, but for the sake of defending those that do.;William Blake;truth
The very concept of objective truth is fading out of the world. Lies will pass into history.;George Orwell;truth
A fact never went into partnership with a miracle. Truth scorns the assistance of wonders. A fact will fit every other fact in the universe, and that is how you can tell whether it is or is not a fact. A lie will not fit anything except another lie.;Robert Green Ingersoll;truth
Love is not a mere impulse, it must contain truth, which is law.;Rabindranath Tagore;truth
The discovery of truth is prevented more effectively, not by the false appearance things present and which mislead into error, not directly by weakness of the reasoning powers, but by preconceived opinion, by prejudice.;Arthur Schopenhauer;truth
We are either in the process of resisting God's truth or in the process of being shaped and molded by his truth.;Charles Stanley;truth
I am saddened by how people treat one another and how we are so shut off from one another and how we judge one another, when the truth is, we are all one connected thing. We are all from the same exact molecules.;Ellen DeGeneres;truth
Personality is only ripe when a man has made the truth his own.;Soren Kierkegaard;truth
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.;Carl Jung;truth
We should not be so taken up in the search for truth, as to neglect the needful duties of active life for it is only action that gives a true value and commendation to virtue.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;truth
Only the broken-hearted know the truth about love.;Mason Cooley;truth
The truth is that sometimes it is hard even for me to recognize the Hillary Clinton that other people see.;Hillary Clinton;truth
If an eloquent speaker speak not the truth, is there a more horrid kind of object in creation?;Thomas Carlyle;truth
Nothing that was worthy in the past departs no truth or goodness realized by man ever dies, or can die.;Thomas Carlyle;truth
For, if a good speaker, never so eloquent, does not see into the fact, and is not speaking the truth of that - is there a more horrid kind of object in creation?;Thomas Carlyle;truth
Legends die hard. They survive as truth rarely does.;Helen Hayes;truth
No one can look back on his schooldays and say with truth that they were altogether unhappy.;George Orwell;truth
There is nothing so strong or safe in an emergency of life as the simple truth.;Charles Dickens;truth
