I must take issue with the term 'a mere child,' for it has been my invariable experience that the company of a mere child is infinitely preferable to that of a mere adult.;Fran Lebowitz;experience
Most people go through life dreading they'll have a traumatic experience. Freaks were born with their trauma. They've already passed their test in life. They're aristocrats.;Diane Arbus;experience
Natural abilities are like natural plants, that need pruning by study and studies themselves do give forth directions too much at large, except they be bounded in by experience.;Francis Bacon;experience
No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience.;John Locke;experience
To reach something good it is very useful to have gone astray, and thus acquire experience.;Saint Teresa of Avila;experience
A conception not reducible to the small change of daily experience is like a currency not exchangeable for articles of consumption it is not a symbol, but a fraud.;George Santayana;experience
The reward of suffering is experience.;Harry S. Truman;experience
I deepen my experience of God through prayer, meditation, and forgiveness.;Marianne Williamson;experience
I haven't been as wild with my money as somebody like me might have been. I've been very safe, very conservative with investments. I don't blow money. I don't have a ton of houses. I know things can go away. I've already had that experience.;Jim Carrey;experience
Let us be about setting high standards for life, love, creativity, and wisdom. If our expectations in these areas are low, we are not likely to experience wellness. Setting high standards makes every day and every decade worth looking forward to.;Greg Anderson;experience
The physical world, including our bodies, is a response of the observer. We create our bodies as we create the experience of our world.;Deepak Chopra;experience
Difficult times always create opportunities for you to experience more love in your life.;Barbara de Angelis;experience
I think everyone should experience defeat at least once during their career. You learn a lot from it.;Lou Holtz;experience
Acting is a question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience.;Jean-Paul Sartre;experience
It is important to expect nothing, to take every experience, including the negative ones, as merely steps on the path, and to proceed.;Ram Dass;experience
The only relevant test of the validity of a hypothesis is comparison of prediction with experience.;Milton Friedman;experience
Studies perfect nature and are perfected still by experience.;Francis Bacon;experience
All theory is against freedom of the will all experience for it.;Samuel Johnson;experience
The great difficulty in education is to get experience out of ideas.;George Santayana;experience
It is beyond a doubt that all our knowledge that begins with experience.;Immanuel Kant;experience
I firmly believe that all human beings have access to extraordinary energies and powers. Judging from accounts of mystical experience, heightened creativity, or exceptional performance by athletes and artists, we harbor a greater life than we know.;Jean Houston;experience
But perhaps the rest of us could have separate classes in science appreciation, the wonder of science, scientific ways of thinking, and the history of scientific ideas, rather than laboratory experience.;Richard Dawkins;experience
The greatest gift is the passion for reading. It is cheap, it consoles, it distracts, it excites, it gives you knowledge of the world and experience of a wide kind. It is a moral illumination.;Moses Hadas;experience
The questions which one asks oneself begin, at least, to illuminate the world, and become one's key to the experience of others.;James A. Baldwin;experience
Suffering is but another name for the teaching of experience, which is the parent of instruction and the schoolmaster of life.;Horace;experience
Any experience can be transformed into something of value.;Vash Young;experience
As human beings, we are vulnerable to confusing the unprecedented with the improbable. In our everyday experience, if something has never happened before, we are generally safe in assuming it is not going to happen in the future, but the exceptions can kill you and climate change is one of those exceptions.;Al Gore;experience
To have God speak to the heart is a majestic experience, an experience that people may miss if they monopolize the conversation and never pause to hear God's responses.;Charles Stanley;experience
I wish I could give you a lot of advice, based on my experience of winning political debates. But I don't have that experience. My only experience is at losing them.;Richard M. Nixon;experience
A leader who confines his role to his people's experience dooms himself to stagnation a leader who outstrips his people's experience runs the risk of not being understood.;Henry A. Kissinger;experience
Reason, observation, and experience the holy trinity of science.;Robert Green Ingersoll;experience
Everybody experiences far more than he understands. Yet it is experience, rather than understanding, that influences behavior.;Marshall McLuhan;experience
The statesman's duty is to bridge the gap between his nation's experience and his vision.;Henry A. Kissinger;experience
Tactics, fitness, stroke ability, adaptability, experience, and sportsmanship are all necessary for winning.;Fred Perry;experience
I gave my beauty and my youth to men. I am going to give my wisdom and experience to animals.;Brigitte Bardot;experience
Recommend virtue to your children it alone, not money, can make them happy. I speak from experience.;Ludwig van Beethoven;experience
The only faith that wears well and holds its color in all weathers is that which is woven of conviction and set with the sharp mordant of experience.;James Russell Lowell;experience
I understand now that the vulnerability I've always felt is the greatest strength a person can have. You can't experience life without feeling life. What I've learned is that being vulnerable to somebody you love is not a weakness, it's a strength.;Elisabeth Shue;experience
When we learn from experience, the scars of sin can lead us to restoration and a renewed intimacy with God.;Charles Stanley;experience
The belief that all genuine education comes about through experience does not mean that all experiences are genuinely or equally educative.;John Dewey;experience
The trouble with this country is that there are too many politicians who believe, with a conviction based on experience, that you can fool all of the people all of the time.;Franklin P. Adams;experience
Whatever you dwell on in the conscious grows in your experience.;Brian Tracy;experience
I am so used to seeing the sort of play which deals with one man and two women. They do not leave me with the feeling I have made a full theatrical meal they do not give me the experience of the multiplicity of life.;E. M. Forster;experience
The historian must have some conception of how men who are not historians behave. Otherwise he will move in a world of the dead. He can only gain that conception through personal experience, and he can only use his personal experiences when he is a genius.;E. M. Forster;experience
Happiness isn't something you experience it's something you remember.;Oscar Levant;experience
No experience is a cause of success or failure. We do not suffer from the shock of our experiences, so-called trauma - but we make out of them just what suits our purposes.;Alfred Adler;experience
You cannot, in human experience, rush into the light. You have to go through the twilight into the broadening day before the noon comes and the full sun is upon the landscape.;Woodrow Wilson;experience
I don't claim to be knowledgeable about theology. Most of my knowledge comes out of my experience and the lessons in the Bible. Every Sunday I'm home I teach 45 minutes and we boiled them down to one page for the new book, 'Through the Year with Jimmy Carter.';Jimmy Carter;experience
Anybody who has gone through a life-changing experience will tell you there is a different understanding of what is real and what is important, and when you are going through different moments, you can reflect and go, 'I have been through worse.';Delta Goodrem;experience
The educator must believe in the potential power of his pupil, and he must employ all his art in seeking to bring his pupil to experience this power.;Alfred Adler;experience
My experience of the world is that things left to themselves don't get right.;Thomas Huxley;experience
But if somebody dies, if something happens to you, there is a normal process of depression, it is part of being human, and some people view it as a learning experience etc.;Bob Geldof;experience
Optimism with some experience behind it is much more energizing than plain old experience with a certain degree of cynicism.;Twyla Tharp;experience
But my experience is that people who have been through painful, difficult times are filled with compassion.;Amy Grant;experience
Refusal to believe until proof is given is a rational position denial of all outside of our own limited experience is absurd.;Annie Besant;experience
There are worlds of experience beyond the world of the aggressive man, beyond history, and beyond science. The moods and qualities of nature and the revelations of great art are equally difficult to define we can grasp them only in the depths of our perceptive spirit.;Ansel Adams;experience
All partisan movements add to the fullness of our understanding of society as a whole. They never detract or, in any case, one must not allow them to do so. Experience adds to experience.;Alice Walker;experience
Many of the insights of the saint stem from their experience as sinners.;Eric Hoffer;experience
As a medical doctor, it is my duty to evaluate the situation with as much data as I can gather and as much expertise as I have and as much experience as I have to determine whether or not the wish of the patient is medically justified.;Jack Kevorkian;experience
Good judgement comes from experience. Experience comes from bad judgement.;Jim Horning;experience
Experience seems to most of us to lead to conclusions, but empiricism has sworn never to draw them.;George Santayana;experience
The word experience is like a shrapnel shell, and bursts into a thousand meanings.;George Santayana;experience
Parents lend children their experience and a vicarious memory children endow their parents with a vicarious immortality.;George Santayana;experience
Because our entire universe is made up of consciousness, we never really experience the universe directly we just experience our consciousness of the universe, our perception of it, so right, our only universe is perception.;Alan Moore;experience
Masterpieces are not single and solitary births they are the outcome of many years of thinking in common, of thinking by the body of the people, so that the experience of the mass is behind the single voice.;Virginia Woolf;experience
It takes someone with a vision of the possibilities to attain new levels of experience. Someone with the courage to live his dreams.;Les Brown;experience
Memory is not an instrument for exploring the past but its theatre. It is the medium of past experience, as the ground is the medium in which dead cities lie interred.;Walter Benjamin;experience
Throughout my whole life, as a performer, I've never played with a band. I've always played alone, so I was never required to stay in rhythm or anything. So it was a real different experience for me to start playing with a band. There were so many basic things for me to learn.;Steve Martin;experience
Experience is never limited, and it is never complete it is an immense sensibility, a kind of huge spider-web of the finest silken threads suspended in the chamber of consciousness, and catching every air-borne particle in its tissue.;Henry James;experience
All the suffering and joy we experience depend on conditions.;Bodhidharma;experience
Simplicity is the most difficult thing to secure in this world it is the last limit of experience and the last effort of genius.;George Sand;experience
Historically, musicians know what it is like to be outside the norm - walking the high wire without a safety net. Our experience is not so different from those who march to the beat of different drummers.;Billy Joel;experience
But although all our knowledge begins with experience, it does not follow that it arises from experience.;Immanuel Kant;experience
It is possible to experience an awakening in this life through realising just how precious each moment, each mental process, and each breath truly is.;Christy Turlington;experience
What an artist is trying to do for people is bring them closer to something, because of course art is about sharing. You wouldn't be an artist unless you wanted to share an experience, a thought.;David Hockney;experience
You lose your individuality a huge amount when you have no money, and I certainly had that experience.;J. K. Rowling;experience
At times I experience hardship in trying to find the proper point of balance between traditional things and my own personality.;Princess Masako;experience
Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues.;Abigail Adams;experience
That peace which is within us, we must experience it. And if we are searching for peace outside we will never find the peace within.;Prem Rawat;experience
Experience is the best teacher of all. And for that, there are no guarantees that one will become an artist. Only the journey matters.;Harry Callahan;experience
I'm afraid, based on my own experience, that fascism will come to America in the name of national security.;Jim Garrison;experience
The new spirituality is that it will produce an experience in human encounters in which we become a living demonstration of the basic spiritual teaching 'We are all one.';Neale Donald Walsch;experience
There are some hurts that we experience that can be forgiven but we won't forget them.;Joyce Meyer;experience
No place epitomizes the American experience and the American spirit more than New York City.;Michael Bloomberg;experience
To 'choose' dogma and faith over doubt and experience is to throw out the ripening vintage and to reach greedily for the Kool-Aid.;Christopher Hitchens;experience
Most men are very attached to the idea of being male, and usually experience a lot of fear and insecurity around the idea of being a man. Most women are very identified with their gender, and also experience a tremendous amount of fear and insecurity.;Andrew Cohen;experience
You don't know what unconditional love is. You may say you do, but if you don't have a child, you don't know what that is. But when you experience it, it is the most fulfilling ever.;Regina King;experience
I maybe had a first love and had my heart broken, but reflecting on it, I don't think that was love. I think as I'm getting older and having more in-depth relationships, maybe I'll experience it. At the moment, I don't know, exactly, if I've been in love.;Selena Gomez;experience
The traveler was active he went strenuously in search of people, of adventure, of experience. The tourist is passive he expects interesting things to happen to him. He goes 'sight-seeing.';Daniel J. Boorstin;experience
Yes, I've been trepanned. That's quite an interesting experience, especially for my brain surgeon, who saw my thoughts flying around in my brain.;Keith Richards;experience
God is only a great imaginative experience.;David Herbert Lawrence;experience
Myth is an attempt to narrate a whole human experience, of which the purpose is too deep, going too deep in the blood and soul, for mental explanation or description.;David Herbert Lawrence;experience
No man was ever so completely skilled in the conduct of life, as not to receive new information from age and experience.;Jonathan Swift;experience
There is no more lively sensation than that of pain its impressions are certain and dependable, they never deceive as may those of the pleasure women perpetually feign and almost never experience.;Marquis de Sade;experience
Music is your own experience, your own thoughts, your wisdom. If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn. They teach you there's a boundary line to music. But, man, there's no boundary line to art.;Charlie Parker;experience
The dictum that truth always triumphs over persecution is one of the pleasant falsehoods which men repeat after one another till they pass into commonplaces, but which all experience refutes.;John Stuart Mill;experience
If you want plenty of experience in dealing with difficult people, then have kids.;Bo Bennett;experience
I had some experience in dealing with people who have mental illness and depression, but I didn't see the signs in myself. I couldn't ask for help because I didn't know I needed help.;Clara Hughes;experience
I write out of my intellectual experience.;Tom Stoppard;experience
