I'm more than open to hope, but I think men and women have a difficult time dealing with each other and often take the low road.;Neil LaBute;hope
Fighting a war on terrorism is like fighting against crime. We can never hope to eradicate crime, so we shouldn't bother fighting it.;Craig Bruce;hope
The past is a source of knowledge, and the future is a source of hope. Love of the past implies faith in the future.;Stephen Ambrose;hope
Courage is sometimes frail as hope is frail: a fragile shoot between two stones that grows brave toward the sun though warmth and brightness fail, striving and faith the only strength it knows.;Frances Rodman;hope
I hope that it can relate to and be a blessing to anybody, with the hope that someday they will find Jesus Christ to be the same God that I've found Him to be.;Jonny Lang;hope
I just believe that the feeling of wonder is amazing. I am pushing myself as far as I can humanly push myself... I can only hope for the best and expect the worse.;David Blaine;hope
I hope I never get so old I get religious.;Ingmar Bergman;hope
We're in an emergency situation. The United States has become an absolutely terrifying country, and I would hope that I could participate in some way in stopping the horror and the brutality.;Wallace Shawn;hope
But because we've all been readers, we know what the experience is like, and we hope that what certain writers have given to us, we will give to someone.;Wallace Shawn;hope
I really subscribe to that old adage that you should never let the audience get ahead of you for a second. So if the film's abrasive and wrongfoots people then, y'know, that's great. But I hope it involves an audience.;Paul Thomas Anderson;hope
I hope that just what I sing about and how I relate to my audience is as much of a political statement as I need to make.;Dave Matthews;hope
We need international support so that our people live a life of normality, of dignity, of liberty and freedom. I hope that our cry for freedom may be heard.;Mahmoud Abbas;hope
Helplessness induces hopelessness, and history attests that loss of hope and not loss of lives is what decides the issue of war.;B. H. Liddell Hart;hope
Well I certainly have learned and I hope I'm moving on and certainly two years of prison was a terrible punishment.;Jeffrey Archer;hope
You travel with the hope that something unexpected will happen. It has to do with enjoying being lost and figuring it out and the satisfaction. I always get a little disappointed when I know too well where I'm going, or when I've lived in a place so long that there's no chance I could possibly get lost.;Andrew Bird;hope
Well, you know, the definition of second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.;George Will;hope
Yes, I do often write poems from the mind, but I hope I don't ignore feelings and emotions.;Anne Stevenson;hope
I hope one day I will host my own charity event to give back to society.;Yani Tseng;hope
I am making amends and seeking forgiveness. My only hope is that some good can come out of my situation.;Jayson Blair;hope
So foolish is the heart of man that he ever puts his hope in the future, learning nothing from his past errors and fancying that tomorrow must be better than today.;Mika Waltari;hope
The comfortable estate of widowhood is the only hope that keeps up a wife's spirits.;John Gay;hope
Whatever I do, I hope it's quality, I hope it's something that's class.;Garth Brooks;hope
In live action movies, you just hope that everything works. Because the actor may had a bad morning and doesn't play good, or accidents happen continuously. Many things contradict what you are trying to say. But in cartoons, nothing contradict what you want to say.;John Hench;hope
Even if I went off to some other career, I hope I would still be doing Coen films.;Carter Burwell;hope
My great hope would be that Quebec would realize itself fully as a distinct part of Canada, and stay Canadian, bringing to Canada a part of its richness.;Gabrielle Roy;hope
I don't want to tell your story because you're a insensitive, self-centered moron. I've told a lot of stories about young people, and I always feel there's hope.;Joel Schumacher;hope
I would not run for president. I really like what I'm doing now. People say I'm giving them energy and hope.;Barbara Boxer;hope
Our democracy is the centerpiece of who we are as a nation. And it is the fondest hope of all Americans that we can help bring democracy to every corner of the world.;Barbara Boxer;hope
That's the way both they and I travel sometimes. Pick road at random, and when it's time to pull over, you pull over and hope you can find a place to crash.;Jello Biafra;hope
I hope that my government can help change Italian mentality.;Mario Monti;hope
Access to books and the encouragement of the habit of reading: these two things are the first and most necessary steps in education and librarians, teachers and parents all over the country know it. It is our children's right and it is also our best hope and their best hope for the future.;Michael Morpurgo;hope
I hope I'm in a position to make stuff that I really want to make as opposed to stuff that I just have to make for money reasons, or to sustain a certain marquee value.;Paul Walker;hope
Wherever my story takes me, however dark and difficult the theme, there is always some hope and redemption, not because readers like happy endings, but because I am an optimist at heart. I know the sun will rise in the morning, that there is a light at the end of every tunnel.;Michael Morpurgo;hope
Next year, I hope there will be even more parties, lots of holidays and just having a good time, really. Plus wing-walking, air shows and learning to fly, as they are all things I want to do. I won't be restricted by age.;Carol Vorderman;hope
I think if there's a great depression there might be some hope.;Lawrence Ferlinghetti;hope
I'm terrible as I never take my make-up off at night, which I know is really dreadful. Whenever I'm out partying I just can't be bothered and now I am on 'Loose Women' that tends to be all the time. I hope next year holds even more parties for me.;Carol Vorderman;hope
You learn timing on the road. You learn structure and how to read an audience. You learn so much about the business of laughter that you can't learn on a set, because it's all on you. Sometimes you bomb, and you know not to tell that joke again... You just hope people find the humor in the awkwardness.;Marlon Wayans;hope
I hope to make acting my career for the rest of my life, if I can.;Chloe Moretz;hope
My greatest desire is that the hope that has overcome fear in my country will help vanquish it around the world.;Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva;hope
I hope that I serve by being a teacher.;Jenna Bush;hope
I hope that seeing the excitement of solving this problem will make young mathematicians realize that there are lots and lots of other problems in mathematics which are going to be just as challenging in the future.;Andrew Wiles;hope
I hope to focus on what I'm passionate about because I think I'd do them best job on them - education, urban education, women and children's issues and literacy.;Jenna Bush;hope
No, I am not a homosexual. If I were a homosexual, I would hope I would have the courage to say so. What's cruel is that you are forcing me to say I am not a homosexual. This means you are putting homosexuals down. I don't want to do that.;Ed Koch;hope
I hope to continue writing. I hope to continue teaching.;Jenna Bush;hope
I hope we don't get to the point where we have to have the cat stop chasing the mouse to teach him glassblowing and basket weaving.;Joseph Barbera;hope
I hope to work with kids any way possible.;Jenna Bush;hope
People are rapidly losing hope and trust. They believe their government has been captured by special interests and no longer cares about them, and they are right.;Marcy Kaptur;hope
The way you deal with a scare is the way you deal with a laugh. The timing has to be perfect. When you're dealing with fear or laughter - emotions that happen spontaneously - you hope it's working. But in the moment, you really have no idea.;Patrick Wilson;hope
My object will be, if possible, to form Christian men, for Christian boys I can scarcely hope to make.;Thomas Arnold;hope
It is in vain to hope to please all alike. Let a man stand with his face in what direction he will, he must necessarily turn his back on one half of the world.;George Dennison Prentice;hope
When they see those fourteen lights, they're looking at a miracle. And deep down, they feel that whatever's going to happen, there will be someone there to help them. And that fills them with hope.;M. Night Shyamalan;hope
If you live through the initial stage of fame and get past it, and remember thats not who you are. If you live past that, then you have a hope of maybe learning how to spell the word artist.;Patrick Swayze;hope
Being insecure - I'm a master, a virtuoso - they can be handing me the keys to the kingdom and all I can think is, I hope I don't drop the key.;M. Night Shyamalan;hope
We go through the whole season working on next season's car and developing the car and making sure we fit in the car and all that sort of stuff. And we obviously give ideas of what we would hope next year's car would have even if it's small things like buttons on the steering wheel and different positions and whatever.;Jenson Button;hope
My hope is that we will turn Greece into maybe the most transparent country in the world with everything on the web.;George Papandreou;hope
We love a good, hyped sound, but when it starts to sound insincere, that's when I lose interest. I hope that our music, even if it sounds polished, doesn't sound insincere.;Nate Ruess;hope
I am not the same man I was 35 years ago. And I hope that five years and ten years from now, I'll be a better man, a more mature man, a wiser man, a more humble man and a more spirited man to serve the good of my people and the good of humanity.;Louis Farrakhan;hope
Take hope from the heart of man and you make him a beast of prey.;Ouida;hope
I think as a rifle platoon and company commander your view is about 1,000 meters in front of you and you hope you can cover that ground and not have to back up and give it up again.;Oliver North;hope
You don't know what someone's going to walk away from a movie with, but you hope it's something positive, but if nothing, you want them most basically to be entertained and engaged. That's your job. But you also hope to give them something to chew on or maybe some insight into the human existence, you hope a little bit. Not to sound too lofty.;Melissa Rosenberg;hope
Our only hope is to control the vote.;Medgar Evers;hope
We need to recognise that the whole edifice of our fifth estate, of our journalism, has been built on a foundation of newspaper journalism and that that foundation is crumbling. The management of the media companies will deny that the end is nigh. I hope they are right.;Malcolm Turnbull;hope
I've had nine of my books adapted to film, and almost all were enjoyable. I've been very lucky with Hollywood, and look forward to more movies being adapted. But I don't get involved in that process. I know nothing about making movies and I stay away from it and hope for the best.;John Grisham;hope
I hope that we can continue this cooperation on other critical issues related to America's future technological competitiveness. We must work together to encourage the creative talents that have made our country the world leader in technology.;Dan Lipinski;hope
As the war on terror continues, Americans must honor the brave men and women who gave their lives for the protection of this nation and the hope of peace.;Dan Lipinski;hope
There is a part of me that still wants to go out and grab a backpack and unplug - not take a cellphone or even a camera and just get out there and experience the world and travel. I have yet to do that, but someday I hope.;Emilio Estevez;hope
I hope America can also be the cultural leader of the world, and use this frontier spirit to lead and show others that we need courage to go places where we have not gone before.;Tadao Ando;hope
I hope that America as a whole, and especially its architects, will become more seriously involved in producing a new architectural culture that would bring the nation to the apex - where it has stood before - and lead the world.;Tadao Ando;hope
I hope to stay on 'Glee,' I hope to still be a 'Housewife' and I hope to do 'The New Normal.' I just want to do it all! Why not? I'm only going to be young for a little while longer.;NeNe Leakes;hope
I'm Method trained. How is this character like me? What does she think of her mother? What does her mother think of her? It's like construction, and then, yes, you hope you're talented and that the universe aligns and captures the kind of laborer's work you've done and whatever else sprinkles down on you, and it's all caught on film or onstage.;Ellen Barkin;hope
I really hope that we'll have a sustainable future on this planet, I really do. So I probably geek out mostly about learning more about how potentially we can hopefully make that happen, hopefully we're not too far lost.;Ellen Page;hope
To me, what I love about the draft is first, you see the young men who are realizing their dreams that they've worked so hard for. That's a pretty cool thing. You saw the emotion from some of these guys the other day. And then, the second thing is this total sense of hope and optimism. And, I think that's great for everybody.;Roger Goodell;hope
Gabriel Byrne is an extraordinary human being. We have two extraordinary kids and we work at it. We were always friends. He stuck by me through very hard times, and I hope he'd say the same about me.;Ellen Barkin;hope
It's a pity that the tennis is really going down the drain. Every year it's getting worse and worse and worse. There has to be a radical change, and I hope it will be really soon.;Marat Safin;hope
The one thing I would hope would go on my tombstone is, 'I made my parents proud.';Roger Goodell;hope
President Obama chose politics over leadership. 'Hope' and 'Change' have become bait-and-switch.;Lindsey Graham;hope
I'd die if I was Madonna. I'd die. God, what a horrible way to live. And Michael Jackson! To be so famous and to feel so isolated. I feel so bad for them. I don't know how it feels, and I hope it never happens to me.;Alicia Silverstone;hope
It's a different outlook, and one that I understand. When you are a former member of the Warsaw Pact, when you have lived behind the Berlin Wall, when you have experienced the communist systems that existed in these countries, for them, the West represents hope.;Jean-Pierre Raffarin;hope
I tried to use words that were dealing with the emotional quality that any human being could recognize in the way that they felt about their country. It's to do with the world we live in. That world is a brutal one and full of war. It's also full of many wonderful things and love and hope.;P. J. Harvey;hope
I think there's been a decline in the public's access to what's being done with their tax dollars, what's being done in their name. I hope that that will be repaired.;Bill Keller;hope
You know, this is a war of ideology, a war of thoughts and of faith. And we need people to really stand for faith and trust, not hope and change.;Sharron Angle;hope
I still have, I hope, a lot of years and there are still a lot of things I want to do.;Faye Dunaway;hope
Zhang Yimou tried to use martial arts to talk about Chinese culture, Chinese people. What do they think, what do they want and what do they hope.;Jet Li;hope
Writing a song is much like being an author. Yes, we all have tools to write (everyone has a brain I hope!), but that doesn't all of a sudden make us best selling authors.;Ken Hill;hope
I hope that my investment into Atomico will become my best financial investment to date.;Niklas Zennstrom;hope
Open markets offer the only realistic hope of pulling billions of people in developing countries out of abject poverty, while sustaining prosperity in the industrialized world.;Kofi Annan;hope
We need to keep hope alive and strive to do better.;Kofi Annan;hope
I am encouraged that there's going to be much better dialogue between the federal government and the state of Arizona. I mean, I hope that's not wishful thinking.;Jan Brewer;hope
So you know, I think that the federal government, the Democrats, and President Obama are selling a lot of hope and change, but no delivery of any of those promises.;Jan Brewer;hope
There's a lot of great people out here, I just appreciate it and hope everybody has had fun because I've enjoyed my ride.;Fuzzy Zoeller;hope
It is my fervent hope and prayer that by exposing my mistakes and by pointing out the things that were a part of my early life, some who might be following the same paths might not make those same mistakes.;John Clayton;hope
I hope everybody's had fun, because I've enjoyed my ride. I can tell you that. Now it's time to step aside and let some other young kid come in and win. Hopefully, they will, too.;Fuzzy Zoeller;hope
I was sort of in denial about doing country for awhile but I sort of grew up and realized who I was, what I wanted to say. I think country music is the best music in the world and I'm glad to be doing a country album. I hope people will love it as much as I loved making it.;Lucy Hale;hope
I hope to refine music, study it, try to find some area that I can unlock. I don't quite know how to explain it but it's there. These can't be the only notes in the world, there's got to be other notes some place, in some dimension, between the cracks on the piano keys.;Marvin Gaye;hope
If you've never felt that you quite got a hold of it, you just feel that before you die, you've got to try and get it right once. And hope that the experience you have makes up for the some of the diminishing energy.;Robert Wyatt;hope
A joke is a very serious thing.;Winston Churchill;humor
Humor is mankind's greatest blessing.;Mark Twain;humor
Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at different speeds. A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.;William James;humor
If I had no sense of humor, I would long ago have committed suicide.;Mahatma Gandhi;humor
