I do not believe in the God of theology who rewards good and punishes evil.;Albert Einstein;good
Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill.;Buddha;good
I do believe we're all connected. I do believe in positive energy. I do believe in the power of prayer. I do believe in putting good out into the world. And I believe in taking care of each other.;Harvey Fierstein;good
No man is good enough to govern another man without the other's consent.;Abraham Lincoln;good
Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses.;Ann Landers;good
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar.;Abraham Lincoln;good
When one has the feeling of dislike for evil, when one feels tranquil, one finds pleasure in listening to good teachings when one has these feelings and appreciates them, one is free of fear.;Buddha;good
Whatever you are, be a good one.;Abraham Lincoln;good
Virtue is persecuted more by the wicked than it is loved by the good.;Buddha;good
If I am walking with two other men, each of them will serve as my teacher. I will pick out the good points of the one and imitate them, and the bad points of the other and correct them in myself.;Confucius;good
Our prayers should be for blessings in general, for God knows best what is good for us.;Socrates;good
The virtues, like the Muses, are always seen in groups. A good principle was never found solitary in any breast.;Buddha;good
I choose my friends for their good looks, my acquaintances for their good characters, and my enemies for their intellects. A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies.;Oscar Wilde;good
If you have a particular faith or religion, that is good. But you can survive without it.;Dalai Lama;good
An armed society is a polite society. Manners are good when one may have to back up his acts with his life.;Robert A. Heinlein;good
I'm a true believer in karma. You get what you give, whether it's bad or good.;Sandra Bullock;good
Of all tyrannies a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive.;C. S. Lewis;good
All I'm trying to do is survive and make good out of the dirty, nasty, unbelievable lifestyle that they gave me.;Tupac Shakur;good
And this, our life, exempt from public haunt, finds tongues in trees, books in the running brooks, sermons in stones, and good in everything.;William Shakespeare;good
Discourage litigation. Persuade your neighbors to compromise whenever you can. As a peacemaker the lawyer has superior opportunity of being a good man. There will still be business enough.;Abraham Lincoln;good
He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.;Benjamin Franklin;good
So long as the memory of certain beloved friends lives in my heart, I shall say that life is good.;Helen Keller;good
Every good relationship, especially marriage, is based on respect. If it's not based on respect, nothing that appears to be good will last very long.;Amy Grant;good
Concentrated power is not rendered harmless by the good intentions of those who create it.;Milton Friedman;good
Associate with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation for it is better to be alone than in bad company.;George Washington;good
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day.;John Wooden;good
Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test. And God promises you your marked moments are on their way.;Joel Osteen;good
Any book that helps a child to form a habit of reading, to make reading one of his deep and continuing needs, is good for him.;Maya Angelou;good
Truthful words are not beautiful beautiful words are not truthful. Good words are not persuasive persuasive words are not good.;Lao Tzu;good
The evil that men do lives after them the good is oft interred with their bones.;William Shakespeare;good
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.;Sigmund Freud;good
Treat those who are good with goodness, and also treat those who are not good with goodness. Thus goodness is attained. Be honest to those who are honest, and be also honest to those who are not honest. Thus honesty is attained.;Lao Tzu;good
It's good sportsmanship to not pick up lost golf balls while they are still rolling.;Mark Twain;good
Learn to say 'no' to the good so you can say 'yes' to the best.;John C. Maxwell;good
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune to keep him is a blessing.;Baltasar Gracian;good
Golf is a good walk spoiled.;Mark Twain;good
The care of human life and happiness, and not their destruction, is the first and only object of good government.;Thomas Jefferson;good
My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy if not, you'll become a philosopher.;Socrates;good
If money help a man to do good to others, it is of some value but if not, it is simply a mass of evil, and the sooner it is got rid of, the better.;Swami Vivekananda;good
A good conscience is a continual Christmas.;Benjamin Franklin;good
Even when a person has all of life's comforts - good food, good shelter, a companion - he or she can still become unhappy when encountering a tragic situation.;Dalai Lama;good
A good objective of leadership is to help those who are doing poorly to do well and to help those who are doing well to do even better.;Jim Rohn;good
Thunder is good, thunder is impressive but it is lightning that does the work.;Mark Twain;good
A man is born alone and dies alone and he experiences the good and bad consequences of his karma alone and he goes alone to hell or the Supreme abode.;Chanakya;good
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.;John Ruskin;good
There is no such thing as a good tax.;Winston Churchill;good
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.;Confucius;good
There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage.;Martin Luther;good
Climb the mountains and get their good tidings.;John Muir;good
The important thing is that men should have a purpose in life. It should be something useful, something good.;Dalai Lama;good
It is absurd to divide people into good and bad. People are either charming or tedious.;Oscar Wilde;good
A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving.;Lao Tzu;good
Set your sights high, the higher the better. Expect the most wonderful things to happen, not in the future but right now. Realize that nothing is too good. Allow absolutely nothing to hamper you or hold you up in any way.;Eileen Caddy;good
Good breeding consists in concealing how much we think of ourselves and how little we think of the other person.;Mark Twain;good
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them.;Mark Twain;good
I object to violence because when it appears to do good, the good is only temporary the evil it does is permanent.;Mahatma Gandhi;good
An overflow of good converts to bad.;William Shakespeare;good
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.;Mark Twain;good
The good news is that, according to the Obama administration, the rich will pay for everything. The bad news is that, according to the Obama administration, you're rich.;P. J. O'Rourke;good
It usually takes me more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.;Mark Twain;good
A sense of humor... is needed armor. Joy in one's heart and some laughter on one's lips is a sign that the person down deep has a pretty good grasp of life.;Hugh Sidey;good
There are several good protections against temptation, but the surest is cowardice.;Mark Twain;good
Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it be morrow.;William Shakespeare;good
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.;Steven Wright;good
To be good is noble but to show others how to be good is nobler and no trouble.;Mark Twain;good
Prophesy is a good line of business, but it is full of risks.;Mark Twain;good
What a good thing Adam had. When he said a good thing he knew nobody had said it before.;Mark Twain;good
How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world.;William Shakespeare;good
A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who, however, has never learned how to walk forward.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;good
Drugs are a waste of time. They destroy your memory and your self-respect and everything that goes along with with your self-esteem. They're no good at all.;Kurt Cobain;good
I am convinced that material things can contribute a lot to making one's life pleasant, but, basically, if you do not have very good friends and relatives who matter to you, life will be really empty and sad and material things cease to be important.;David Rockefeller;good
It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations.;Winston Churchill;good
Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we oft might win by fearing to attempt.;William Shakespeare;good
Great and good are seldom the same man.;Winston Churchill;good
For good or for ill, air mastery is today the supreme expression of military power and fleets and armies, however vital and important, must accept a subordinate rank.;Winston Churchill;good
I believe that every human mind feels pleasure in doing good to another.;Thomas Jefferson;good
Those who can win a war well can rarely make a good peace and those who could make a good peace would never have won the war.;Winston Churchill;good
Every day we should hear at least one little song, read one good poem, see one exquisite picture, and, if possible, speak a few sensible words.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;good
Love sought is good, but given unsought, is better.;William Shakespeare;good
Life is never fair, and perhaps it is a good thing for most of us that it is not.;Oscar Wilde;good
What do I think of Western civilization? I think it would be a very good idea.;Mahatma Gandhi;good
The good man is the friend of all living things.;Mahatma Gandhi;good
Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well.;Josh Billings;good
It takes time to persuade men to do even what is for their own good.;Thomas Jefferson;good
I always pass on good advice. It is the only thing to do with it. It is never of any use to oneself.;Oscar Wilde;good
In truth, politeness is artificial good humor, it covers the natural want of it, and ends by rendering habitual a substitute nearly equivalent to the real virtue.;Thomas Jefferson;good
Jealousy is both reasonable and belongs to reasonable men, while envy is base and belongs to the base, for the one makes himself get good things by jealousy, while the other does not allow his neighbour to have them through envy.;Aristotle;good
No man is so foolish but he may sometimes give another good counsel, and no man so wise that he may not easily err if he takes no other counsel than his own. He that is taught only by himself has a fool for a master.;Hunter S. Thompson;good
Sometimes I think my husband is so amazing that I don't know why he's with me. I don't know whether I'm good enough. But if I make him happy, then I'm everything I want to be.;Angelina Jolie;good
If you pretend to be good, the world takes you very seriously. If you pretend to be bad, it doesn't. Such is the astounding stupidity of optimism.;Oscar Wilde;good
I find that he is happiest of whom the world says least, good or bad.;Thomas Jefferson;good
The Creator has not thought proper to mark those in the forehead who are of stuff to make good generals. We are first, therefore, to seek them blindfold, and then let them learn the trade at the expense of great losses.;Thomas Jefferson;good
Talking isn't doing. It is a kind of good deed to say well and yet words are not deeds.;William Shakespeare;good
The good opinion of mankind, like the lever of Archimedes, with the given fulcrum, moves the world.;Thomas Jefferson;good
To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan you should wear it inside, where it functions best.;Margaret Thatcher;good
I look only to the good qualities of men. Not being faultless myself, I won't presume to probe into the faults of others.;Mahatma Gandhi;good
Husbands are chiefly good as lovers when they are betraying their wives.;Marilyn Monroe;good
It's like gambling somehow. You go out for a night of drinking and you don't know where your going to end up the next day. It could work out good or it could be disastrous. It's like the throw of the dice.;Jim Morrison;good
A truly good book teaches me better than to read it. I must soon lay it down, and commence living on its hint. What I began by reading, I must finish by acting.;Henry David Thoreau;good
