If I don't get paid I'm going to take a whole lot of Marshall amps home with me on the plane.;Tommy Chong;home
Having been let out of the barn once, I know I wouldn't be happy if I were home all the time.;Meryl Streep;home
My work in the House of Representatives, at this time in my life, is completed. It is time to return home.;J. C. Watts;home
I'm a firm believer that lighting affects mood, and twinkly lights on strings bring something magical to occasions ranging from concerts to weddings, though I'm fond of using them as year-round home decor. There's a reason why they're sometimes called fairy lights. When the night is right, there aren't any strings at all.;Erin Morgenstern;home
Education was the most important value in our home when I was growing up. People don't always realize that my parents shared a sense of intellectual curiosity and a love of reading and of history.;Caroline Kennedy;home
But I do believe that a woman's truest place is in a home, with a husband and with children, and with large freedom, pecuniary freedom, personal freedom, and the right to vote.;Lucy Stone;home
My wife and I had decided not to let anybody take pictures of our home because it was just the last place on earth we had that was unscathed. But people have climbed over the fence they've taken aerial shots. They've gotten my address and put it on the Internet.;Steven Tyler;home
I love being home at Christmastime.;Ashley Tisdale;home
I feel like I'm working on an oil rig right now. I'm away from home a lot.;Hugh Laurie;home
Most of American life consists of driving somewhere and then returning home, wondering why the hell you went.;John Updike;home
I'm a home cook and love to read about food, but I'm not trained as a chef. I'm just really into cooking and passionate about it.;Ted Allen;home
Being from Africa is the best thing that could have ever, ever happened to me. I cannot see it any other way. All of my fundamental principles that were instilled in me in my home, from my childhood, are still with me.;Hakeem Olajuwon;home
I've seen the greatest actors in the world, transcendent talents, who can't find a home.;Laura Linney;home
Once I am in the square circle, I am in my home.;Floyd Mayweather, Jr.;home
And, you know, being able to wear the stars and stripes, when you step up on one of the blocks or, you know, when you step off of an airplane or when you hear the national anthem play, you know, it's one of the greatest feelings in the world because you know that there are people at home who are supporting you and watching you.;Michael Phelps;home
The people recognize themselves in their commodities they find their soul in their automobile, hi-fi set, split-level home, kitchen equipment.;Herbert Marcuse;home
The only instrument I can play is piano. Whenever I make songs at home, I play the piano and make them on the piano.;Yoko Ono;home
We have to judge politicians by their cumulative score. In one innings they make a great catch, in another they drop the ball. In one they score a home run, in another they strike out. But it is their cumulative batting average that we are interested in.;Jesse Jackson;home
In Afghanistan, there is a plan to build democracy hundreds of thousands of troops are protecting it. There is a plan to rebuild and reconstruct there. But many thousands of Americans die from violence and poverty every year and we don't have a plan for reconstruction at home.;Jesse Jackson;home
I grew up in a house where my father encouraged my brother and me to fail. I specifically remember coming home and saying, 'Dad, Dad, I tried out for this or that and I was horrible,' and he would high-five me and say, 'Way to go.';Sara Blakely;home
My humanitarian work evolved from being with my family. My mom, my dad, they really set a great example for giving back. My mom was a nurse, my dad was a school teacher. But my mom did a lot of things for geriatrics and elderly people. She would do home visits for free.;Cat Cora;home
And I think what people in New Jersey have gotten to know about me over the last decade that I've been in public life is what you see is what you get. And I'm no different when I'm sitting with you than I am when I'm at home or anyplace else.;Chris Christie;home
But as far as Twitter, I'll be in a restaurant and I'll get home and somebody tweeted and they talked about what I ordered and what I was wearing. In some cases, that could be dangerous, because you don't want everybody to know where you are every second of every day.;Carrie Underwood;home
I'm a private person too, and we don't ever film anything in our home because it's off limits. It's like letting people see your messy house.;Carrie Underwood;home
If you're not a competitor, you've just got to go home.;Venus Williams;home
Not much shocked me. You know, I worked in a home for Alzheimer's patients and my dad used to be really into murders and stuff, so I saw dead bodies. It desensitised me to a lot of things.;Ellie Goulding;home
I love prints of skulls and bones and have some taxidermy - a crow and a rabbit - to remind me of home. I like art and have a big portrait of Bjork.;Ellie Goulding;home
I never remember having a plan. All I could think about was how I was going to afford to get into college or where I was going to stay because I hated being at home. I didn't really have time to think about anything in the future. I didn't think about a career or anything. I went to uni, got a couple of jobs, so I sort of funded it myself.;Ellie Goulding;home
When I stepped out into the bright sunlight from the darkness of the movie house, I had only two things on my mind: Paul Newman and a ride home.;S. E. Hinton;home
The bullied straight kid goes home to a shoulder to cry on and support and can talk freely about his experience at school and why he's being bullied. I couldn't go home and open up to my parents.;Dan Savage;home
When I met my husband, I refused to invite him home for Passover because I was embarrassed my mother might serve all the catered dishes in the wrong order.;Erica Jong;home
You make movies for the people. If critics happen to like them too, well, that's a home run.;Vin Diesel;home
Women are oppressed in the east, in the west, in the south, in the north. Women are oppressed inside, outside home, a woman is oppressed in religion, she is oppressed outside religion.;Taslima Nasrin;home
A man's home may seem to be his castle on the outside inside is more often his nursery.;Clare Boothe Luce;home
I can't drag myself away from 'Final Cut Pro.' It is a digital video editing system. I am obsessed with it, but I am always away from home, and I can't use it.;Margaret Cho;home
When I do get free time, I spend a lot of it at home with my family and my close friends and I think that's what keeps me happy, healthy, grounded, and totally in check.;Leighton Meester;home
I can write pretty much anywhere if you give me time and some quiet. The home is not usually the best place because I have four children. It's usually pandemonium around here!;Harlan Coben;home
Baseball is like driving, it's the one who gets home safely that counts.;Tommy Lasorda;home
Anyone that has a job that takes them away from home, I think, can understand the difficulties in maintaining consistency, not only with your family and those you love but with your friends.;Heath Ledger;home
I often feel very guilty because of the time that I spend outside of my home and the little time that sometimes I have for my kids.;Antonio Banderas;home
I have a fantastic studio in my home, and it's my biggest toy. I have about a half a million dollars worth of musical equipment in my house.;Antonio Banderas;home
I had known Cole Porter in Hollywood and New York, spent many a warm hour at his home, and met the talented and original people who were drawn to him.;Gene Tierney;home
I have a three-year-old and a four-year-old at home, and my mornings are about just dealing with the fact of that. I oddly enjoy it.;Damian Lewis;home
I have a five year-old son and a three year-old daughter. I want my son to have a choice to contribute fully in the workforce or at home. And I want my daughter to have the choice to not just succeed, but to be liked for her accomplishments.;Sheryl Sandberg;home
I was taught a lot of Bible at home and had a voracious appetite for reading the Bible.;Amy Grant;home
Dreams are where we visit the many lands and landscapes of human possibility and discover the one where we feel at home. The great religious leaders were all dreamers.;Jonathan Sacks;home
We need to rediscover the idea of the common good and work together to build a home.;Jonathan Sacks;home
The message of Passover remains as powerful as ever. Freedom is won not on the battlefield but in the classroom and the home. Teach your children the history of freedom if you want them never to lose it.;Jonathan Sacks;home
If you live in a good neighborhood, you drive home and there's a bank. There's grocery stores and big houses - but no motels. What that tells you psychologically is you protect your money and buy good things for your family to eat in your nice big house.;will.i.am;home
When I was 14, I felt very rundown I had a home to go to, but I felt like I was 60 or something, older than I feel now. And I don't know if it's something that happens at 14, or whether it was adolescence or whether I was gay, or closeted gay, or whatever it was, I felt that.;Gus Van Sant;home
I think it can be hard for any man to sometimes be upstaged by his wife. So when I'm home, I work very hard to be Todd's wife and Jade's mother. I have no problem going back to those traditional roles. I try to be Giada, the young girl that he met 20 years ago and fell in love with.;Giada De Laurentiis;home
At home, you always have to be a politician when you're abroad, you almost feel yourself a statesman.;Harold MacMillan;home
My husband had a very strong identity and was successful in his life. Thank God for that. There's no way I can control him. I wouldn't stay married to him if I felt I could. I can readily take my business personality into the home. But he forces me to be a partner rather than the boss.;Barbara Corcoran;home
If you've gone into a marriage and you haven't been clear about how you're going to handle money, how you want to raise kids, who is going to work or stay home or what have you, then you've set yourself up for failure.;Phil McGraw;home
So long as I can stay mentally alert - inquiring, curious - I want to keep going. I love my wife and my children, but I don't want to sit around at home with them. We go on safaris and things like that. I can do that for a couple of weeks a year. I'm just not ready to stop, to die.;Rupert Murdoch;home
Everybody at home speaks mandarin except me.;Rupert Murdoch;home
The wonderful world of home appliances now makes it possible to cook indoors with charcoal and outdoors with gas.;Bill Vaughan;home
It is often easier to become outraged by injustice half a world away than by oppression and discrimination half a block from home.;Carl T. Rowan;home
I've been a very lucky guy. I played on championship teams. I played for Canada. I've won some awards and I'm very proud of those accomplishments. But I don't think there's anything greater than to come home and to be recognized at home. This is the pinnacle.;Bobby Orr;home
Don't get me wrong - I've gone to a club. But I'd much rather be with my close friends at home or a concert, or on a trip. I'll go dancing with my grandma. She likes to cut a rug!;Zac Efron;home
By measuring the proportion of children living with the same parents from birth and whether their parents report a good quality relationship we are driving home the message that social programmes should promote family stability and avert breakdown.;Iain Duncan Smith;home
There are 80 million moms in the United States. Forty million stay at home with their children.;Andrew Shue;home
I was lucky. My family is wonderful. And it's funny, because most of my best friends come from very large families. So it always felt as if I had lots of siblings, though in the end I had to leave them and go home. I kind of got the best of both worlds as a kid.;Sophia Bush;home
I'm lucky that my real-life Mom has both a great sense of humor about herself and an amazing ability to slip into complete denial if the subject matter gets a little too close to home.;Cathy Guisewite;home
When I'm at home in Virginia, I become more hermit-like. I like my own home.;Robert Duvall;home
It's like kids playing house: 'You play the father, I'll play the mother.' You know, you dress up, you play, they pay, you go home. It's a game - acting's a game.;Robert Duvall;home
I've always taken my love of children from my father. He was a children magnet. Suddenly, having my first child hit home what my dad went through.;Robert Carlyle;home
There's definitely space for uniqueness in a home console.;Shigeru Miyamoto;home
A good wife is someone who thinks she has done everything right: raising the kids, being there for the husband, being home, trying to do it all.;Julianna Margulies;home
David Lee Roth had the idea that if you covered a successful song, you were half way home. C'mon - Van Halen doing 'Dancing in the Streets'? It was stupid. I started feeling like I would rather bomb playing my own songs than be successful playing someone else's music.;Eddie Van Halen;home
When I'm home on a break, I lock myself in my room and play guitar. After two or three hours, I start getting into this total meditation. It's a feeling few people experience, and that's usually when I come up with weird stuff. It just flows. I can't force myself. I don't sit down and say I've got to practice.;Eddie Van Halen;home
The juvenile sea squirt wanders through the sea searching for a suitable rock or hunk of coral to cling to and make its home for life. For this task, it has a rudimentary nervous system. When it finds its spot and takes root, it doesn't need its brain anymore so it eats it!;Daniel Dennett;home
I have always drawn strength from being close to home.;Arthur Ashe;home
The show doesn't drive home a lesson, but it can open up people's minds enough for them to see how stupid every kind of prejudice can be.;Redd Foxx;home
My idea of heaven used to be relaxing at home with a cheese plate and champagne.;Lea Michele;home
And it took me, since I was 17 and left home, running from God, to now, as a 30-year-old man, when I honestly feel like I've come full circle and my heart's finally in the right place.;Scott Stapp;home
I hit the ground running, without a lot of training, so I had to do whatever I could do to survive as a professional, and if that meant being that character 24/7 and acting out, I was going to do that. I lived those characters, I brought them home with me.;Nicolas Cage;home
I bought a Yamaha-1 and I was doing 180 miles per hour home on the 405 and that's really, really crazy but I did it.;Nicolas Cage;home
The thing I like about baseball is that it's one-on-one. You stand up there alone, and if you make a mistake, it's your mistake. If you hit a home run, it's your home run.;Hank Aaron;home
Just as the police review their operational tactics, so we in the Home Office will review the powers available to the police.;Theresa May;home
Hit a home run - put your head down, drop the bat, run around the bases, because the name on the front is more - a lot more important than the name on the back.;Ryne Sandberg;home
No, I can tell you one of the first things that happens to a home secretary when they arrive in the job is that they are given a briefing about the security matters that they will be dealing with and I deal with security matters on a daily basis.;Theresa May;home
Believe me, you can get into a lot of trouble being sixteen years old in a foreign country with no adult telling you when to come home.;Cameron Diaz;home
I made a choice to stay home and raise five boys. Believe me, it was hard work.;Ann Romney;home
I have lived in Mumbai for more than 20 years, have my domicile here, my home and family here.;Shahrukh Khan;home
I'm lucky. The best possible place in the world for training is Addis Ababa, so I am home all the time except when I am racing. I like to be there, near my family, my kids, also the real estate business I run with my wife.;Haile Gebrselassie;home
When I make a film I'm away from home for two to three months. So I want my kids to look at my films one day and say, I love his movies, I love his choices-because he loved them.;Kevin Costner;home
How we are using up our home, how we are living and polluting the planet is frightening. It was evident when I was a child. It's more evident now.;Maya Lin;home
I would drive home and see people wearing my No. 34 jersey and wonder why, because I didn't feel worthy of that. And all the time I just knew people were staring at me, talking about me everywhere I went.;Ricky Williams;home
I'm kind of a dork. I don't have much game. I'm not particularly comfortable in bars or clubs. I much prefer being home playing Scrabble, having dinner with a couple friends, going to see a movie, or losing a whole weekend to Season 14 of Law and Order or The Simpsons.;Wentworth Miller;home
Entertainers are there to entertain. They aren't there to teach your children the lessons that you haven't bothered to teach them at home yourself.;Wentworth Miller;home
I like spending time at home. In Paris, people drop by and have a bite to eat, or they drop by and watch Friends on TV. I take my dog to the office there, and I walk to work sometimes.;Marc Jacobs;home
Words today are like the shells and rope of seaweed which a child brings home glistening from the beach and which in an hour have lost their luster.;Cyril Connolly;home
Especially when you play at home, you need a good atmosphere behind you.;Jose Mourinho;home
I've never been a hands-on dad. I'm not ashamed to admit it, but you can't run a restaurant and be home for tea at 4:30 and bath and change nappies.;Gordon Ramsay;home
We want you to sit down and leave your egos at home and let's get an understanding as to where all this is foolishness coming from. There are others who are putting things out there or throwing a stick and hiding their hand and keeping things built up in the media.;Afrika Bambaataa;home
The best thing that ever happened to me is that nothing happened in writing. I ended up working for engineering companies, and that's where I found my material, in the everyday struggle between capitalism and grace. Being broke and tired, you don't come home your best self.;George Saunders;home
The silver and black may have another home, but the Raiders will always belong to the people of Los Angeles.;Ice Cube;home
I am delighted to be back home in Galway, the place I first came to as a 19-year-old in 1960. It's here where my heart is and will forever be.;Michael D. Higgins;home
