In Goddess religion death is not feared, but is understood to be a part of life, followed by birth and renewal.;Carol P. Christ;religion
I grew up with the religion of 'Star Wars,' frankly. That's when I realized there is something bigger out there... and it's called The Force.;Trey Parker;religion
Most people I know are not hard-core religious people. They are what I would call 'lightly religious.' So I don't buy the notion that we can't laugh about religion in America.;Trey Parker;religion
I love it when the left and when the president say, 'Don't try to impose your values on us, you folks who hold your Bibles in your hand and cling to your guns.' They have values too. Our values are based on religion, based on life. Their values are based on a religion of self.;Rick Santorum;religion
Communism was meant to be an alternative religion.;David Miliband;religion
In the traditional urban novel, there is only survival or not. The suburban idea, the conformist idea, that agony can be seen to and cured by doctors or psychoanalysis or self-knowledge is nowhere to be found in the city. Talking is a way of life, but it is not a cure. Same with religion.;Jane Smiley;religion
I'm just confused as to where we lost that in America because it is everyone's God-given right to think the way they think and that's fine. That's why our ancestors came here to America, to believe what they want, pray how they want and follow a religion with whoever they want.;Angie Harmon;religion
Sex is the ersatz or substitute religion of the 20th Century.;Malcolm Muggeridge;religion
I did an album a long time ago called 'Replicas,' which was entirely science-fiction driven, or science-fantasy. Since then it's been a song here, a song there. It's not really a constant theme. I've written far more about my problems with religion, with God and all that.;Gary Numan;religion
Human nature doesn't include all human beings. There are human beings who are indifferent to politics, religion, virtually anything.;Conor Cruise O'Brien;religion
After I left the convent, for 15 years I was worn out with religion, I wanted nothing whatever to do with it. I felt disgusted with it. If I saw someone reading a religious book on a train, I'd think, how awful.;Karen Armstrong;religion
Religion is a search for transcendence. But transcendence isn't necessarily sited in an external god, which can be a very unspiritual, unreligious concept.;Karen Armstrong;religion
I am not interested in the afterlife. Religion is supposed to be about losing your ego, not preserving it eternally in optimum conditions.;Karen Armstrong;religion
Zionism was originally a rebellion against religious Judaism and the PLO Charter was essentially secularist. But because the conflict was allowed to fester without a resolution, religion got sucked into the escalating cycle of violence and became part of the problem.;Karen Armstrong;religion
When violence becomes imbedded in a region, then this affects everything. It affects your dreams, your fantasies and relationships, and your religion becomes violent, too.;Karen Armstrong;religion
The memory of my own suffering has prevented me from ever shadowing one young soul with the superstition of the Christian religion.;Elizabeth Cady Stanton;religion
When asked if I consider myself Buddhist, the answer is, Not really. But it's more my religion than any other because I was brought up with it in an intellectual and spiritual environment. I don't practice or preach it, however.;Uma Thurman;religion
Another important historical factor is the fact that this already very simple religion was further simplified and purified by the early philosophers of ancient China. Our first great philosopher was a founder of naturalism and our second great philosopher was an agnostic.;Hu Shih;religion
For no art and no religion is possible until we make allowances, until we manage to keep quiet the enfant terrible of logic that plays havoc with the other faculties.;John C. Ransom;religion
The idea that religion and politics don't mix was invented by the Devil to keep Christians from running their own country.;Jerry Falwell;religion
Religion has become so many different things. Religion is an economic thing for some people. Religion is a gun.;Ziggy Marley;religion
I am known for a life spent in the struggle for freedom, and freedom includes the freedom of religion.;Oriana Fallaci;religion
I am an atheist, and if an atheist and a pope think the same things, there must be something true. There must be some human truth that is beyond religion.;Oriana Fallaci;religion
Religion is the solid basis of good morals therefore education should teach the precepts of religion, and the duties of man toward God.;Gouverneur Morris;religion
My political ideas and things like that, even my religion, I try to keep close to me because it's a personal thing, and I don't shove it down people's throats. I don't condemn any artist that wants to do that, like the Baldwins. That's their choice. But in my world, I'm just an entertainer.;Donny Osmond;religion
I am not going to condemn anybody. That's where religion gets a bad name, when people get holier than thou. We are all human. If my children make a mistake, I want them to know it is all right and they should try harder next time.;Donny Osmond;religion
Anyone with sincere religious beliefs cannot say that all religions are true. That is so illogical it is pathetic. All religion cannot be true because some of them are so diametrically opposed to each other.;Josh McDowell;religion
The United States is not a nation based upon race, creed, or religion - we are a nation based upon our loyalty and allegiance to our country and her principles.;Jim Ryun;religion
I did not want to reject religion as nonsense because life seemed to have no ultimate purpose without it, and most of the good people I knew were Christians.;Luke Ford;religion
Christianity is not about religion. It's about faith, about being held, about being forgiven. It's about finding joy and finding home.;Bear Grylls;religion
We live in a great country. It's time again to get religion about it.;Eric Liu;religion
Even though you can't expect to defeat the absurdity of the world, you must make that attempt. That's morality, that's religion. That's art. That's life.;Phil Ochs;religion
Religion and political expediency go beautifully hand in hand.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;religion
For us to think we can enjoy, understand and practice the Christian religion with just Matthew to Revelation is foolishness.;Randall Terry;religion
I broke with my religion in college.;Anne Rice;religion
Religion is never the problem it's the people who use it to gain power.;Julian Casablancas;religion
We need religion as a guide. We need it because we are imperfect. Our government needs the church, because only those humble enough to admit they are sinners can bring to democracy the tolerance it requires in order to survive.;Jeff Miller;religion
People tell you the world looks a certain way. Parents tell you how to think. Schools tell you how to think. TV. Religion. And then at a certain point, if you're lucky, you realize you can make up your own mind. Nobody sets the rules but you. You can design your own life.;Carrie-Anne Moss;religion
The Christian use of religion as a personal love affair both shocked me, and attracted me.;Lionel Blue;religion
For some years I deserted religion in favour of Marxism. The republic of goodness seemed more attainable than the Kingdom of God.;Lionel Blue;religion
Early on I saw the repression and idolatry of Stalinism, and when it cracked, I was open to religion again.;Lionel Blue;religion
My mother was a modern woman with a limited interest in religion. When the sun set and the fast of the Day of Atonement ended, she shot from the synagogue like a rocket to dance the Charleston.;Lionel Blue;religion
When law and duty are one, united by religion, you never become fully conscious, fully aware of yourself. You are always a little less than an individual.;Frank Herbert;religion
So much about religion has to do with rigid, sacrosanct preciousness. I don't live my life that way, and I don't feel that's what Baha'u'llah teaches.;Rainn Wilson;religion
Religion's in the heart, not in the knees.;Douglas William Jerrold;religion
Existentialism is about being a saint without God being your own hero, without all the sanction and support of religion or society.;Anita Brookner;religion
We first fought the heathens in the name of religion, then Communism, and now in the name of drugs and terrorism. Our excuses for global domination always change.;Serj Tankian;religion
Freedom of religion is a principle that is central to our Nation's Declaration of Independence. Congress has taken this positive step to protect our freedom to express allegiance to America's flag and the ideals it represents.;Ron Lewis;religion
It was a real surprise to me to come across the evidence that Christianity might once have been a danced religion. Certainly, some of the early church leaders thought this was great and spoke of what seems to have been circle dancing, perhaps around an altar.;Barbara Ehrenreich;religion
It was during my time at secondary school that I abandoned religion.;Paul Nurse;religion
Those in the west who dismiss the repressiveness of laws against women in countries like Iran, no matter how benign their intentions, present a condescending view not just of the religion but also of women living in Muslim majority countries, as if the desire for choice and happiness is the monopoly of women in the west.;Azar Nafisi;religion
I'm not involved in the politics of religion, but I love what the message is.;Jane Seymour;religion
I believe that there is some spiritual entity that's greater than us. I do not belong to any specific organized religion. I have always believed that, and I believe it even more so now. I believe that someone was listening to me, and someone is giving me an incredibly blessed life.;Jane Seymour;religion
I hope we will not so characterize religious people as being so narrow and so biased towards people not of their own religion that they cannot even work with them in this common cause to which you say they are committed.;Barney Frank;religion
The American way was for commerce, personal relationships, and religion to be voluntary. No one was forced to participate in something he didn't want.;Harry Browne;religion
There are a lot of Grinches out there that would like nothing better than to take any references to religion out of the holiday season.;Ernest Istook;religion
I am utterly struck how, 300 years after his execution, Christianity became the official religion of the Roman Empire.;Peter Jennings;religion
The hierarchy of class in London was rigid. It was like a religion. It still is to a certain extent.;Ben Kingsley;religion
If fishing is a religion, fly fishing is high church.;Tom Brokaw;religion
My religion centers in different areas than what's considered conventional religion.;Jack Kevorkian;religion
It is, then, by those shadows of the hoary Past and their fantastic silhouettes on the external screen of every religion and philosophy, that we can, by checking them as we go along, and comparing them, trace out finally the body that produced them.;H. P. Blavatsky;religion
My sense of religion is Einstein's sense of relativity. I don't believe in God. I believe that energy never dies. So the possibility exists that you might be breathing in some other form of Moses or Buddha or Muhammad or Bobby Kennedy or Roosevelt or Martin Luther King or Jesus.;Mandy Patinkin;religion
Religion is induced insanity.;Madalyn Murray O'Hair;religion
Today's interpretations of religion are often backward and contradict the needs of civilization.;Naguib Mahfouz;religion
Religion often is misused for purely power-political goals, including war.;Hans Kung;religion
No power of government ought to be employed in the endeavor to establish any system or article of belief on the subject of religion.;Jeremy Bentham;religion
Religion can make it worse. Are you supposing that if people were encouraged to believe in a transcendent reality, and to be encouraged by grand rituals and music and preaching, to love their neighbors, then they would put jealousy and frustration aside?;Mary Douglas;religion
Religion, like water, may be free, but when they pipe it to you, you've got to help pay for piping. And the Piper!;Abigail Van Buren;religion
Even at school I studied ethics instead of religion.;Ville Valo;religion
I don't believe there's any inherent darkness at the center of religion at all. I think religion actually is a morally neutral force.;Ian Mcewan;religion
Every sect is a moral check on its neighbour. Competition is as wholesome in religion as in commerce.;Walter Savage Landor;religion
What a pity it is that we have no amusements in England but vice and religion!;Sydney Smith;religion
Religion is to mysticism what popularization is to science.;Henri Bergson;religion
My philosophy is that the most important aspect of any religion should be human kindness. And to try to ease the suffering of others. To try to bring light and love into the lives of mankind.;Steven Seagal;religion
I went to Catholic high school for half a year and religion wasn't the cool thing to talk about even at a catholic high school. It never came up.;Mandy Moore;religion
Every week I get letters from people worldwide who feel that the possibilian point of view represents their understanding better than either religion or neo-atheism.;David Eagleman;religion
No truth is more evident to my mind than that the Christian religion must be the basis of any government intended to secure the rights and privileges of a free people.;Noah Webster;religion
I never found much comfort in overly organized religion of any sort.;Jewel;religion
I do explicitly see Jewish people as a people - not either a religion or an ethnicity but a people.;Kenneth Robert Livingstone;religion
Socialism is the religion people get when they lose their religion.;Richard John Neuhaus;religion
It's a bit odd that nobody seems to be using the correct technical term to describe organized Islamic terrorists. They are not a faction of a religion or a social movement. They are a cult. A suicide cult.;Craig Bruce;religion
We must not enable anyone to impose his personal view regarding religion on others by force, oppression, or pressure.;Shirin Ebadi;religion
I never close a door on any other religion. Most of the time, some part of it makes sense to me. I don't believe everyone has to chant just because I chant. I believe all religion is about touching something inside of yourself.;Tina Turner;religion
Certain I am, that Christian Religion does no where allow Rebellion.;Mary Astell;religion
I have sung for Americans of every political persuasion, and I am proud that I never refuse to sing to an audience, no matter what religion or color of their skin, or situation in life.;Pete Seeger;religion
Our bodies are at once the receiving and transmitting stations for life itself. It is the highest wisdom to recognize this fact and train our bodies to render them sensitive and responsive to nature. art and religion.;Ruth St. Denis;religion
Religion can be both good and bad - it is spirituality that counts.;Pat Buckley;religion
First of all, the Jewish religion has a great deal in common with the Christian religion because, as Rabbi Gillman points out in the show, Christianity is based on Judaism. Christ was Jewish.;Barbara Walters;religion
Politics should share one purpose with religion: the steady emancipation of the individual through the education of his passions.;George Will;religion
Diversity of thought and culture and religion and ideas has been the strength of America.;Gary Locke;religion
Not longer loved or fostered by religion, beauty is lifted from its face as a mask, and its absence exposes features on that face which threaten to become incomprehensible to man.;Hans Urs von Balthasar;religion
Religion is not a burden, not a weight, it is wings.;Harry Emerson Fosdick;religion
There is an absolutely fundamental hostility on the part of totalitarian regimes toward religion.;Jeane Kirkpatrick;religion
Just as the Russians and the Soviets didn't manage to wipe out languages in Lithuania, neither have they managed to wipe out religion to the extent that we had feared.;Jeane Kirkpatrick;religion
Jesus claimed He had the power to raise himself from the dead and His followers would be raised from the dead. That's a unique claim in the literature of religion.;Josh McDowell;religion
It is already clear, after twenty years of socialism in Russia, that if you do not provide your society with a new religion, it will gradually revert to the old one.;Herbert Read;religion
We may be sure that out of the ruins of our capitalist civilization a new religion will emerge, just as Christianity emerged from the ruins of the Roman civilization.;Herbert Read;religion
I call religion a natural authority, but it has usually been conceived as a supernatural authority.;Herbert Read;religion
The equation of religion with belief is rather recent.;Arnold J. Toynbee;religion
