I got tackled once in a movie theater. I was with my mom and brother, and then suddenly I got hit from behind and sort of sprawled out on the candy counter.;Scott Wolf;mom
For example, I loved English and history at school. I would have loved to have done a degree in either. But my Mom said I didn't have time for university.;Vanessa Mae;mom
I've had to adapt my wardrobe to my various roles, both at the office, as a mom, and for television. When I shop for the season I look for pieces that will suit every facet of my daily life, not just one single occasion.;Nina Garcia;mom
Married and divorced, three beautiful daughters, two in college. The other one is 16, lives with her mom. I'm 46, I've worked for the Post Office for 18 years, seven facilities in three states.;Arthur Godfrey;mom
I naturally wanted to be saved, so when I came home I told my mom I wanted to be confirmed. That's the way I related to it, being raised an Episcopalian. I went to Dallas and got confirmed.;T-Bone Burnett;mom
I heard the Beatles and the Stones, and Mom bought me an electric guitar. I played lead for four years and then switched to bass. One day someone suggested that I should sing, so I sheepishly stepped up to the microphone and the rest is rock history.;Glenn Hughes;mom
I wanted to be an astronaut and wanted to go to space camp, but then I found out that I was too short to become an astronaut. My mom really made me believe that if I worked hard enough and if I really wanted to do it, I could do it.;Soleil Moon Frye;mom
My mom always made sure I lived my life as a regular kid.;Soleil Moon Frye;mom
I had ridiculous amounts of energy. Mom's like, you're driving me crazy - do you want to try gymnastics? From the moment I started it, I loved it and it kind of was like storybook from there.;Alicia Sacramone;mom
My mother stopped working when she had my brother. She was a full time mom until I started getting heavily into ice skating lessons, and it got to the point where they really needed my mom to earn an income.;Dorothy Hamill;mom
I didn't really get into golf until I was about 14. My mom and dad were taking lessons from a pro an hour and a half from our farm in Cohuna, Australia. When they got home, I'd ask my mom to explain everything they learned - drills and all.;Stuart Appleby;mom
My mother was predominately a stay-at-home mom.;Andrew Rannells;mom
No, like I said, my dad was never really part of the tennis. His involvement around what I did with the tennis and with my mom and my grandparents was really not a part of my life.;Jimmy Connors;mom
I think my mom threatened to put me up for adoption a few times.;Ivanka Trump;mom
At 3 years old, I was imitating and doing fun little commercials for the family. Then at 5, I knew, 'OK, this is something I really like.' At 8, I was crying in front of the mirror and my mom was like, 'Oh boy, here we go. We know what she's going to do.';Lana Parrilla;mom
I never liked apples. In fact, when I was a little girl, my mom wanted to give me apples in my lunch box and I would ask for green peppers. So bizarre... It's funny - I don't have an apple a day, but I can say that I have a few a week.;Lana Parrilla;mom
My mom and father are extremely proud. They love it when I don't die. I've done so many movies where I've died that their first question when I book a job is, 'So, are you going to die in this?';Michael Ealy;mom
My mom has a tape from when I was, like, 2 years old, talking with my grandma, telling her a story that's really elaborate about werewolves and wolves.;Amanda Hocking;mom
I couldn't wait until I grew up. I used to look at my mom's stockings and put them on with her high heels and mess with my hair.;Florence Griffith Joyner;mom
My mom grew up in Kansas, my dad in Indiana. They had boring childhoods.;Hunter Parrish;mom
My mom was a dancer, my dad's a singer and I've always had that kind of music in my life.;Elvis Stojko;mom
My mom died of cancer when I was really young. I'm not someone who tries to work out their own stuff with a role, but I think that happened despite my best efforts to keep myself separate from it.;Sarah Polley;mom
My mom sent me to regular high school because she wanted me to have that experience and not say that I missed out, but I didn't like it at all. I'm more comfortable in the world that I'm in, I grew up in it so when I get around normal kids in regular high school I don't know what to do. I feel more secure in an adult environment.;Alexa Vega;mom
We've got activists all across the country like the members of the Million Mom March organization, some of their leaders are here tonight. We're phone banking congressional offices and pursuing editorial boards.;Michael D. Barnes;mom
My dad and mom divorced when I was around ten, and I didn't live with him after that, though he was close by and we saw each other weekly. I wasn't really aware that he was a writer I didn't start reading his writing until I was about fifteen. It occurred to me then that my dad was kind of special he's still one of my favorite writers.;Andre Dubus III;mom
Sometimes, if you don't have kids yourself, it's assumed you won't understand or know how to play a mom, which is kind of silly if you think about it.;Tricia Helfer;mom
I wasn't always a writer. When I went to college and majored in fine arts, I was a painter. Then I was a stay-at-home mom.;Janet Evanovich;mom
It's always been a dream of mine to get somewhere and to have my mom and dad with me up there.;Haley Reinhart;mom
Dad worked his entire career as an aviation technician. Mom was a legal secretary who became a teacher. We lived a simple American life.;Brian Sandoval;mom
My mom was a Democrat and I was scared to death that she was gonna blow it. First I was going to hell with Monroe, and now to Republican hell with Nixon.;Tommy Rettig;mom
It's impossible to put yourself first when you're a mom.;Jillian Michaels;mom
My parents were both in show business. My father was an actor, my mom an actress, and both singers, dancers and actors. They met in Los Angeles doing a play together and so I grew up in a show biz family.;Micky Dolenz;mom
My dad was a good athlete. My mom had longevity. There were some athletic genes that certainly got passed down.;Hale Irwin;mom
Usually a family is led through the mom or the dad and their career and for the family to be led by my career, even though God has led it, could be a lot of pressure.;Stacie Orrico;mom
I wasn't one to go out and buy a new car and stereo system and expensive clothes. My mom helped keep me grounded.;Christina Applegate;mom
My dad's an architect and my mom owned a French bakery for twelve years.;Alison Lohman;mom
Well, I am not really a conventional mom at all. Like, I had my kids really young. I had Danny when I was 18 or 19 and then Liam when I was 23 and Molly, I had when I was a little older.;Monica Potter;mom
As a mom, I understand how important it is to ensure kids start their day right and always make sure my kids have a nutritious breakfast. One in five U.S. children live in homes where food is not always available, which is why I partnered with Kellogg's on their 'Share Your Breakfast' campaign, which provide breakfasts to kids in need.;Monica Potter;mom
My mom thought I might be good for voiceover. She thought I had a cute voice, so maybe I could do a cartoon or something. And while we were looking into that, we also thought I should get into theater acting, so I tried it and the first audition I went on, I booked it. And it kind of just snowballed from there.;Atticus Shaffer;mom
Just recently I was in Target with my mom shopping, and out of the blue, I see this father and his two daughters and he says, 'Can they get a picture with you?' And I'm thinking to myself, 'Am I the one millionth customer or something?';Atticus Shaffer;mom
I've always been homeschooled, so doing it on set is kind of the same thing. My mom makes it very interactive - we'll get a book on chocolate and learn how to make it, or she will buy antique items. I love military history, the mechanics and strategy of it.;Atticus Shaffer;mom
I was two years old when my mom put me in mommy and me classes. I always had a lot of energy so it was the perfect fit!;Aly Raisman;mom
I'm almost a full-time mom.;Ekaterina Gordeeva;mom
My mom and my dad wanted my brother and I to have a better life, you know, better education, better jobs. It was probably harder, much, much harder, for my parents. When you're a kid, you can learn a language much more easily I learned English in less than a year.;Mila Kunis;mom
It was definitely a part of our life. I mean, my mom had both her brothers and her fiancee in Vietnam at the same time, so it wasn't just my dad's story, it was my mom's story too. And we definitely grew up listening to the stories.;Vanessa Kerry;mom
I'm not a figurehead for anything. I was a single mom with two kids. What else was I going to do? It was either be in a band or be a waitress.;Chrissie Hynde;mom
I told my agents that I didn't want to go on the audition. But as that was happening I called my mom, who has been watching the show from the beginning, and my mom said, 'It's the coolest show. You have to go.';Mary Lynn Rajskub;mom
My mom is still yelling at me because she needs more autographed pictures.;Ashton Kutcher;mom
I'm named after a horse. My mom's best friend had a horse named Brooke, so my dad suggested 'Brooklyn' as a more formal version, and it just stuck - and now I live in Brooklyn part-time, so go figure.;Brooklyn Decker;mom
But my mother and father were married when my mom was 20 and my dad was 24.;Rachael Leigh Cook;mom
You know that I am living proof that the American Dream is real. Growing up, our congressman cut through government bureaucratic red tape to help my mom buy our first house. That's the kind of congressman I'll be.;Geoff Davis;mom
When I was 11 my friend's mom made a peanut butter sandwich. I ate the sandwich and was like, 'I'm never eating anything else again.' And I still eat peanut butter every day. I would put peanut butter on a steak.;Aasif Mandvi;mom
My mom raised us three boys by herself on welfare. It's not worse than anybody else's life.;Jeffrey Donovan;mom
Now, if you're Al Gore, you can afford $10 a pop for squiggly-pig-tailed fluorescent light bulbs. But if you're mainstream America, two or three kids, mom and dad working outside the home, that's not a very good deal.;Joe Barton;mom
I still feel like a kid sometimes myself so hard to believe that I'm a mom. Now I'm an adult! It only took 38 years!;Ana Ortiz;mom
I was really lucky. My gal pal was my mom.;Ana Ortiz;mom
In third grade, I was taking tap-dance lessons, and about six weeks before the recital I wanted to quit. My mom said, 'No, you're going to stay with it.' Well, I did it, and I was bad, too! But my parents never let their kids walk away from something because it was too hard.;Rebecca Lobo;mom
I love to fly. I always wanted to fly. It's been one of my dreams since I was 3 years old. I remember saying to my mom, 3 years old, every day, 'I can fly!' Living on the ninth floor, it was dangerous.;Elena Anaya;mom
In fact, my mom always told me because I was the daughter of an Army officer born overseas in Paris, France, that under the Constitution she believed that I could never run for president.;Karen Hughes;mom
They wrapped her up like a baby burrito to show to Mom. Here were a mother and her daughter and I love them both so much. I couldn't wait for Courtney to come to the hospital so I could have all my women together.;Al Roker;mom
My mom breastfed me for more than a year, and I can't imagine doing it any other way. It's cheap and much better for the environment, and you don't have to lug all that stuff around.;Emily Deschanel;mom
I never thought I was a great mom. I always worked. I fell in love with my children as they got older.;Marla Gibbs;mom
My mom just understands about stuff. We have a really good trust, and she knows I can take care of myself.;Balthazar Getty;mom
I don't have to do a lot to my eyebrows. My mom always told me not to pluck them, which is great advice.;Arizona Muse;mom
I remember my mom saying that after you have a baby you get really thin. So you gain all that weight and then you just lose it and keep losing it.;Arizona Muse;mom
I feel like I'm a stay-at-home mom, which I was for the five years before this. She's absolutely been my focus. That's the choice I made. Desperate Housewives is perfect for me. I get to go back to work and still be able to take my daughter to school and pick her up.;Teri Hatcher;mom
If you just stay away from junk, and stick with what your mom taught you, you're eating pretty healthy.;Sprague Grayden;mom
I'm from Manchester, Mass., so it was lobster, lobster and more lobster! Also, lots of fish that we caught in the summers, clam chowder and roast beef sandwiches. But my mom was pretty healthy we had a lot of chicken and broccoli and rice as well.;Sprague Grayden;mom
I'm not sure anyone - and I could be wrong in this - grows up thinking, I want to be a single mom.;Bridget Moynahan;mom
I'm a mom first, a singer second.;Gretchen Wilson;mom
Mom worked with autistic children.;Isabel Lucas;mom
So much of our lives are defined by habit or what the guy next to us is doing, never wondering and knowing who and what we support with our actions, from the detergent Mom always used, to my favorite dish I make... A lot of my life is unexamined habit.;Kristin Bauer van Straten;mom
My mom was so people-friendly. She was incredible. She'd go to the mall, and she'd talk to everyone. Give people a kiss on the cheek. I think if I wasn't pushed around a lot, I'd be great with people. Maybe I still can be.;Fred Couples;mom
My mom was Sicilian, my dad was Sicilian. Mom was a great cook, but all the women were.;Chazz Palminteri;mom
I used to do skits for my mom... and I was always entertaining as a kid.;Leah Remini;mom
They see me as being this Super Mom on TV who also can more than handle a difficult husband, and they assume I'm going to be just full of wisdom as a mother and wife myself.;Patricia Richardson;mom
I took piano for many years. I kicked and screamed through all of my lessons, but my mom really insisted.;Kristin Kreuk;mom
When I was 10 years old my mom used to play Tupac while she cleaned the house.;Soulja Boy;mom
My dad died when I was three so my mom had to raise four kids on her own, and I think there's a part of me that pulls upon having watched my mom do that our whole lives. She had to make it work.;Leslie Bibb;mom
That's a big deal for kids, when they come into the kitchen and the teacher is drinking coffee with mom. They react differently on the next day when you say: 'Sit down and shut-up!';Ed O'Neill;mom
I love my mother Ali so much. I'm a momma's boy. I just have a very cool mom. It's not as though I had any say in the matter. I'm just really fortunate. She's the most kind, loving, giving woman.;Hayden Christensen;mom
My mom had gotten a Super 8 camera to make home movies with, and my brother and me got our hands on it and ran with it.;Lev Yilmaz;mom
No one was more important than my mom and dad. I know they are watching from a place up in heaven here today to make sure all their kids are doing good.;Eddie Murray;mom
I really like Calvin Klein for his classic simplicity. I also think Prabal Gurung designs some great pieces that work well for me. My mom has such great style she's my biggest influence.;Isabelle Fuhrman;mom
I never let anyone pluck, including myself, unless my mom approves. She guards my eyebrows. She's like the eyebrow police!;Isabelle Fuhrman;mom
My grandmother had six kids - one died as an infant - and she was dirt-poor, and all her kids got an education. And my mom grew up poor. And they both worked so hard and cultivated so much of their own happiness. I wanted to have that like an amulet. Not like armor, but like a magic feather. Like Dumbo's magic feather.;Lucy Alibar;mom
I want somebody like my mom. My mom is a very charitable woman. She's the sweetest woman in the world. I'm looking for the second sweetest woman in the world. I'm looking for honesty and a big heart.;Jason Derulo;mom
My mom would have liked it that I patterned myself more after Jimmy Reed.;Jimmy Smith;mom
My mom and dad - they were always there. They were always on the set. They focused on our family life. The entertainment business wasn't the end-all. They weren't out to get the next big paycheck or the next big movie. It was about 'What can we do as a family.';Candace Cameron Bure;mom
The military infrastructure grew me. My faith in God is important, my belief in my country is important, my relationship to my family is important, the things that Mom and Dad tell you growing up are important.;Tommy Franks;mom
I always think about which blood drive was going on in Georgia that day when that husband or mom or school teacher rolled up their sleeve and actually gave me a second chance at life. It's the ultimate gift of life, and I'm the one who was on the other end.;Niki Taylor;mom
I was a big fan of 'The Smurfs' growing up, even though by default - my mom used to force me to watch because she was a 'Smurfs' fan.;Jayma Mays;mom
My mom was a big 'Smurfs' fan, so she would force me to watch every Saturday morning. I had no choice in the matter. I would jump downstairs on Saturday morning, 'Hurray, cartoons!' and she would say, 'Smurfs! That's what you're watching.';Jayma Mays;mom
When I was little, we lived on 8 acres and my mom had a horse. But when I was 7, my mom kicked my dad out, and then in order to feed us five kids, she got critters cheap or for free and raised them for food. We milked a cow, raised chickens, pigs and beef cattle. We heated our one-story house with wood and stayed cold all winter.;Bonnie Jo Campbell;mom
I grew up with the classics. My mom and I would sit and watch 'Singin' in the Rain' and 'White Christmas' - those kind of movies.;Lucas Grabeel;mom
Two weeks ago at the U.S. Amateur, my mom caddied, and that is kind of a different feeling, because she's your mom and you have to listen to her. It was really comfortable having my mom there, but it's also really relieving and comfortable to have someone that knows the course off their hat, really.;Lydia Ko;mom
My mom is a very warm, typical sort of Jewish-mother type. And my dad has a somewhat, um, different personality.;Peter Orszag;mom
I hope that through my work, artists will take some chances, break some rules, and make art that comes from inside of them. I would like to be remembered as a kind person, a great Mom, and a bit unruly - in a good way!;Angela Cartwright;mom
I think there's a time to work, and everyone has to kind of adjust. And then there's a time to relax, and be the mom or take the kids on vacation when you need to wind down. So it's a matter of planning, and being able to map out your year or your week or let's start with the day. It is just being multi-tasking and being available.;Vanessa Williams;mom
