Every night when I go to bed, I hope that I may never wake again, and every morning renews my grief.;Franz Schubert;hope
People always ask me if I'm going to stop modeling because I have started an acting career. I hope to continue to model for years to come.;Tyra Banks;hope
The care of the Earth is our most ancient and most worthy, and after all our most pleasing responsibility. To cherish what remains of it and to foster its renewal is our only hope.;Wendell Berry;hope
Life has changed enormously, and I hope - I hope more people read good things.;Barbara Bush;hope
Like any good tree that one would hope to grow, we must set our roots deep into the ground so that what is real will prosper in the Light of Love.;Billy Corgan;hope
Life without idealism is empty indeed. We just hope or starve to death.;Pearl S. Buck;hope
They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.;Tom Bodett;hope
That's all a man can hope for during his lifetime - to set an example - and when he is dead, to be an inspiration for history.;William McKinley;hope
There is a powerful need for people to feel that gust of hope rise up again.;Cat Stevens;hope
'Peace Train' is a song I wrote, the message of which continues to breeze thunderously through the hearts of millions. There is a powerful need for people to feel that gust of hope rise up again.;Cat Stevens;hope
We must rediscover the distinction between hope and expectation.;Ivan Illich;hope
Acting is something I love. It's a great craft that I have a lot of respect for. But I don't think it's any greater challenge than teaching 8-year-olds or any other career. In my life, I try not to make it more important than it is and I just hope that rubs off on the people around me.;Hugh Jackman;hope
I think, my generation, it's hard to have hope when you got a $700-trillion derivatives debt to pay and a bubble about to explode and $500 trillion worth of GDP.;Shia LaBeouf;hope
But maybe music was not intended to satisfy the curious definiteness of man. Maybe it is better to hope that music may always be transcendental language in the most extravagant sense.;Charles Ives;hope
I'm going home now. I apologize for what I said. I hope you can forget it, but I'm going home right now.;Benjamin Day;hope
In a mood of faith and hope my work goes on. A ream of fresh paper lies on my desk waiting for the next book. I am a writer and I take up my pen to write.;Pearl S. Buck;hope
To Live signifies to believe and hope - to lie and to lie to oneself.;Emile M. Cioran;hope
We would not be interested in human beings if we did not have the hope of someday meeting someone worse off than ourselves.;Emile M. Cioran;hope
I would hope they would be our fellow artists, rather than trying to emulate or idolize clowns like us.;Maynard James Keenan;hope
But since her earliest days, America has inspired people from all over the world. Inspired them with the hope that one day their own countries would be one like this one.;Marco Rubio;hope
My mother was one of seven girls whose parents went to bed hungry so their children wouldn't. My father lost his mother when he was nine. He left school and went to work for the next 70 years. They emigrated to America with little more than the hope of a better life.;Marco Rubio;hope
Hope and Change has become Divide and Conquer.;Marco Rubio;hope
The quality of light by which we scrutinize our lives has direct bearing upon the product which we live, and upon the changes which we hope to bring about through those lives.;Audre Lorde;hope
Evil communication corrupts good manners. I hope to live to hear that good communication corrects bad manners.;Benjamin Banneker;hope
I hope that the mistakes made and suffering imposed upon Japanese Americans nearly 60 years ago will not be repeated against Arab Americans whose loyalties are now being called into question.;Daniel Inouye;hope
Beware how you take away hope from any human being.;Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.;hope
Well, what was called the blessed hope of the Bible is that one day Jesus Christ would come back again, start a whole new era, that this world order that we know it would change into something that would be wonderful that we'd call the millennium.;Pat Robertson;hope
A person, who no matter how desperate the situation, gives others hope, is a true leader.;Daisaku Ikeda;hope
My hope is that we continue to nurture the places that we love, but that we also look outside our immediate worlds.;Annie Leibovitz;hope
The media tried to destroy my parents and has taken things completely out of context, but there's not a whole lot you can do in terms of fighting back. You have to hope that it passes, which it always does. But they have to be careful. They didn't necessarily sign up for this.;Katy Perry;hope
One thing I can't do, and I hope that there are other people out there that feel the same way, is climb a rope. Oh my gosh, it's so hard to climb rope! It's all about grip and arms.;Katy Perry;hope
I hope the seeds I have sown will be taken up by those who will follow me because the journey I have begun cannot be undertaken in isolation.;Evelyn Glennie;hope
Love, hope, fear, faith - these make humanity These are its sign and note and character.;Robert Browning;hope
And as far as false hope, there is no such thing. There is only hope or the absence of hope-nothing else.;Patti Davis;hope
I hope my tongue in prune juice smothers, If I belittle dogs and mothers.;Ogden Nash;hope
But groundless hope, like unconditional love, is the only kind worth having.;John Perry Barlow;hope
Armageddon is not around the corner. This is only what the people of violence want us to believe. The complexity and diversity of the world is the hope for the future.;Michael Palin;hope
I want you to take away the hope because that's the thing that's killing me.;Denis Leary;hope
Unless our conception of patriotism is progressive, it cannot hope to embody the real affection and the real interest of the nation.;Jane Addams;hope
A lot of presidential memoirs, they say, are dull and self-serving. I hope mine is interesting and self-serving.;William J. Clinton;hope
I hope I am the Tim Tebow of the Iowa caucuses.;Rick Perry;hope
My deal is have a flat, simple tax. And - Americans want - Americans I hope - aspire to be - be wealthy. I hope they aspire to have a better quality of life. And we have this class warfare that's going on now. And I don't agree with that. I'm interested in people getting to work.;Rick Perry;hope
Ireland was a place for the renewal of hope and I still see it like that.;Daniel Day-Lewis;hope
Economically, it's more expensive to make movies. I hope digital movies change that.;Ang Lee;hope
Most of me was glad when my mother died. She was a handful, but not in a cute, festive way. More in a life-threatening way, that had caused me a long time ago to give up all hope of ever feeling good about having had her as a mother.;Anne Lamott;hope
I really hope my peers appreciate and respect what I'm doing.;Shania Twain;hope
I temporarily lost my hope in love, and it was temporary, thank goodness.;Shania Twain;hope
Hope never abandons you, you abandon it.;George Weinberg;hope
Keep hope alive!;Jesse Jackson;hope
I hope to bring much more attention to important issues and change for issues and practices that are harming animals.;Kesha;hope
To cherish what remains of the Earth and to foster its renewal is our only legitimate hope of survival.;Wendell Berry;hope
Corporations, consumers, and citizens must begin acting in concert to create a powerful third pillar of social transformation if we hope to meet the social challenges we currently face with equal force. This begins with corporations that choose to alter how they practice capitalism in two ways to serve the greater good.;Simon Mainwaring;hope
Any institution faces two basic choices if they hope to spark new ideas. One is to leverage the brains trust within their organization by creating a special event dedicated to new thinking. The other is to look outside themselves to stimulate solutions.;Simon Mainwaring;hope
In the social business marketplace, brands that hope to build loyal and growing communities do so most effectively when they demonstrate their core values and allow a community to build and engage around it.;Simon Mainwaring;hope
Let's hope brands recognize that the true power of this technology is not its reach but its ability to communicate substance that adds meaning to our lives. Otherwise, brands will be investing in technology that consumers simply won't buy.;Simon Mainwaring;hope
And if there's any hope for America, it lies in a revolution, and if there's any hope for a revolution in America, it lies in getting Elvis Presley to become Che Guevara.;Phil Ochs;hope
I certainly notice the vitality in Belfast, which wasn't there in the Seventies. There was a war going on then. Now there are cranes everywhere. There really is a sense of renewal and hope.;Liam Neeson;hope
I have been coaching recently. I coached high school basketball in Arizona, and I hope that more opportunities become available.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;hope
I hope to be involved in a successful movie script.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;hope
The capacity for hope is the most significant fact of life. It provides human beings with a sense of destination and the energy to get started.;Norman Cousins;hope
Make big plans aim high in hope and work, remembering that a noble, logical diagram once recorded will not die.;Daniel Burnham;hope
Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future.;Charles Kettering;hope
Whether you've seen angels floating around your bedroom or just found a ray of hope at a lonely moment, choosing to believe that something unseen is caring for you can be a life-shifting exercise.;Martha Beck;hope
Hope... is the companion of power, and the mother of success for who so hopes has within him the gift of miracles.;Samuel Smiles;hope
I hope all you young girls see yourself up there... we were just like you.;Mia Hamm;hope
I hope the two wings of the Democratic Party may flap together.;William Jennings Bryan;hope
The hope of a new politics does not lie in formulating a left-wing reply to the right-it lies in rejecting conventional political categories.;Christopher Lasch;hope
I hope my own children never have to fight a war.;George H. W. Bush;hope
When I think about the world I would like to leave to my daughter and the grandchildren I hope to have, it is a world that moves away from unequal, unstable, unsustainable interdependence to integrated communities - locally, nationally and globally - that share the characteristics of all successful communities.;William J. Clinton;hope
My hope is that that person will come forward that can win the presidency that we can all get behind.;Rick Perry;hope
We've got the wind at our back right now. Americans are waking up to the realities of their previous choices. We must keep America moving back to preeminence because our values and conservative ideas are the world's greatest hope.;Rick Perry;hope
Our shared conservative values, our belief in the individual is the great hope of our nation.;Rick Perry;hope
Faith, like a jackal, feeds among the tombs, and even from these dead doubts she gathers her most vital hope.;Herman Melville;hope
Hope is a feeling that life and work have meaning. You either have it or you don't, regardless of the state of the world that surrounds you.;Vaclav Havel;hope
I love Madrid. I am happy to be here. I have been here three years and hope to be here longer. But I am proud of where I come from and never forget the people I grew up with.;Zinedine Zidane;hope
The very least you can do in your life is to figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope.;Barbara Kingsolver;hope
You want to play another kind of character in another genre, and it's been something I've been trying to do if I can in the career so far, and it's something I hope to continue because it's interesting to me and you get to do different things as an actor.;Keanu Reeves;hope
I've been pleased to work with so many wonderful stars through the years. This has been an amazing journey. I hope it continues.;Keanu Reeves;hope
I can only speak for myself, and hope people hear my words and see me on television speaking for myself. And, hopefully, they'll be able to make their own judgment. And at the end of the day, I just want my work to speak for itself.;Jennifer Lopez;hope
I hope people don't compare 2D and 3D because 3D's new, it's unfair to compare to 2D which is really sophisticated, even when we're jaded about it. 3D just began, give it a chance, let the equipment and projection system catch up and be better, let the price go down, let more filmmakers get a hold of it more easily.;Ang Lee;hope
If we become too scared to confront the chief problems of our time, there is no hope of ever solving them.;Jim DeMint;hope
The only people who live in a post-black world are four people who live in a little white house on Pennsylvania Avenue. The idea that America is post-racial or post-black because a man I admire, Barack Obama, is president of the United States, is a joke. And I hope no one will even wonder about this crazy fiction again.;Henry Louis Gates;hope
He is the best physician who is the most ingenious inspirer of hope.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;hope
The three great ends which a statesman ought to propose to himself in the government of a nation, are one, Security to possessors two, facility to acquirers and three, hope to all.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;hope
Whiskey's to tough, Champagne costs too much, Vodka puts my mouth in gear. I hope this refrain, Will help me explain, As a matter of fact, I like beer.;Tom T. Hall;hope
I'm really fun. I'm ridiculously fun. I hope I'm infectiously fun.;Kesha;hope
Black and white are the colors of photography. To me they symbolize the alternatives of hope and despair to which mankind is forever subjected.;Robert Frank;hope
Well, Judy, I would hope in the new year, we could start thinking about politics not like it was the Super Bowl, where you always have to have one team that wins and the other team has to be a loser.;John Breaux;hope
I do believe that most men live lives of quiet desperation. For despair, optimism is the only practical solution. Hope is practical. Because eliminate that and it's pretty scary. Hope at least gives you the option of living.;Harry Nilsson;hope
Hope is the cordial that keeps life from stagnating.;Samuel Richardson;hope
I think what coaching is all about, is taking players and analyzing there ability, put them in a position where they can excel within the framework of the team winning. And I hope that I've done that in my 33 years as a head coach.;Don Shula;hope
The human body experiences a powerful gravitational pull in the direction of hope. That is why the patient's hopes are the physician's secret weapon. They are the hidden ingredients in any prescription.;Norman Cousins;hope
Actually oddly enough, I think my work, the activism, will be forgotten. And I hope it will. Because I hope those problems will have gone away.;Bono;hope
I hope you will go out and let stories happen to you, and that you will work them, water them with your blood and tears and you laughter till they bloom, till you yourself burst into bloom.;Clarissa Pinkola Estes;hope
I too hope in this short reign to be a man of peace.;Pope Benedict XVI;hope
The difficulty of IVF or of any fertility issues is the hope and the shattered hope, the dream that it might happen this time and then it doesn't happen.;Brooke Shields;hope
I hope that Facebook and other Internet technologies were able to help people, just like we hope that we help them communicate and organize and do whatever they want to every single day, but I don't pretend that if Facebook didn't exist, that this wouldn't even be possible. Of course, it would have.;Mark Zuckerberg;hope
I hope I die before I get old.;Roger Daltrey;hope
Do the best you can with yourself and hope for the best.;Loretta Lynn;hope
