One of my degrees was a science degree in biology.;Elizabeth Moon;science
I was horrible at science and math. I couldn't pass a test to save my life! I'm surprised that it didn't take me until I was 20 to graduate. That's why my role is so cool - Grissom is the complete opposite of me.;William Petersen;science
My personal feeling about science fiction is that it's always in some way connected to the real world, to our everyday world.;Elizabeth Moon;science
We do a hard fantasy as well as hard science fiction, and I think I probably single-handedly recreated military science fiction. It was dead before I started working in it.;Jerry Pournelle;science
It may be far in the future, but there's some kind of logical way to get from where we are to where the science fiction is.;Elizabeth Moon;science
I started in this racket in the early '70s, and when I was president of the Science Fiction Writers of America, of which I was like the sixth president, I was the first one nobody ever heard of.;Jerry Pournelle;science
All the mathematical sciences are founded on relations between physical laws and laws of numbers, so that the aim of exact science is to reduce the problems of nature to the determination of quantities by operations with numbers.;James C. Maxwell;science
In my family, as in most middle-class Indian families I knew when I was growing up, science and mathematics were held in awe.;Aravind Adiga;science
We've established a Washington State Academy of Sciences that will enable us to make decisions based on science about what is right for our state, meaning the quality of our lives will get better.;Christine Gregoire;science
I was really bright as a kid and tested well, and it was clear that I was going to get scholarships to any schools I wanted. My dad always said I could be an engineer at that time it was the elite of society: steady job, working in science, which was then the answer to every problem we had. It was kind of a mandate. Kind of a dream he had for me.;James Wood;science
I'm crazy about Grant: his character, his nature, his science in fighting and everything else. But I don't like the idea that he never accepted the blame for anything, always found someone else to blame for any mistake that was ever made, including blaming Prentiss for Shiloh.;Shelby Foote;science
If co-operation, is thus the lifeblood of science and technology, it is similarly vital to society as a whole.;Arthur Holly Compton;science
They've also asked me now to start on another series that we're gonna do after this Frontier Earth. But it's not science fiction, it's more in the Mystery and Crime division and that's another area I'm very interested in.;Bruce Boxleitner;science
Human relations are built on feeling, not on reason or knowledge. And feeling is not an exact science like all spiritual qualities, it has the vagueness of greatness about it.;Amelia Edith Huddleston Barr;science
Science, almost from its beginnings, has been truly international in character. National prejudices disappear completely in the scientist's search for truth.;Irving Langmuir;science
If you look at the purported dangers of salt or fat, there is no consensus of support in scientific literature. So I would ask first: 'Is it possible to have an informed government that actually follows the science?' From what I've seen, it's not likely.;Tim Ferriss;science
I do love science fiction, but it's not really a genre unto itself it always seems to merge with another genre. With the few movies I've done, I've ended up playing with genre in some way or another, so any genre that's made to mix with others is like candy to me. It allows you to use big, mythic situations to talk about ordinary things.;Rian Johnson;science
A third ideal that has made its way in the modern world is reliance on reason, especially reason disciplined and enriched by modern science. An eternal basis of human intercommunication is reason.;Emily Greene Balch;science
It is characteristic of science that the full explanations are often seized in their essence by the percipient scientist long in advance of any possible proof.;John Desmond Bernal;science
The recognition of the art that informs all pure science need not mean the abandonment for it of all present art, rather it will mean the completion of the transformation of art that has already begun.;John Desmond Bernal;science
The relevance of Marxism to science is that it removes it from its imagined position of complete detachment and shows it as a part, but a critically important part, of economy and social development.;John Desmond Bernal;science
We must always emphasize research and development of science and mathematics, and I can think of no better way to achieve this than through our future in space.;Nick Lampson;science
Science fiction is no more written for scientists that ghost stories are written for ghosts.;Brian Aldiss;science
I sort of was good at writing essays. I was never very good at mathematics, and I was never very good at algebra. I loved science, but I wasn't sure of it.;Diane Cilento;science
Whenever you deal with science fiction you are setting up a world of rules. I think you work hard to establish the rules. And you also have to work even harder to maintain those rules, and within that find excitement and unpredictability and all that stuff.;Joel Edgerton;science
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.;Leo Buscaglia;smile
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.;Dr. Seuss;smile
Look back, and smile on perils past.;Walter Scott;smile
A warm smile is the universal language of kindness.;William Arthur Ward;smile
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.;Phyllis Diller;smile
A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside.;Denis Waitley;smile
The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection.;Thomas Paine;smile
Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts.;Paramahansa Yogananda;smile
After every storm the sun will smile for every problem there is a solution, and the soul's indefeasible duty is to be of good cheer.;William R. Alger;smile
Be thou the rainbow in the storms of life. The evening beam that smiles the clouds away, and tints tomorrow with prophetic ray.;Lord Byron;smile
They might not need me but they might. I'll let my head be just in sight a smile as small as mine might be precisely their necessity.;Emily Dickinson;smile
Laughter is day, and sobriety is night a smile is the twilight that hovers gently between both, more bewitching than either.;Henry Ward Beecher;smile
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.;Andy Rooney;smile
A gentle word, a kind look, a good-natured smile can work wonders and accomplish miracles.;William Hazlitt;smile
Jesus wept Voltaire smiled. From that divine tear and from that human smile is derived the grace of present civilization.;Victor Hugo;smile
Remember even though the outside world might be raining, if you keep on smiling the sun will soon show its face and smile back at you.;Anna Lee;smile
A smile is happiness you'll find right under your nose.;Tom Wilson;smile
Smile, for everyone lacks self-confidence and more than any other one thing a smile reassures them.;Andre Maurois;smile
Wear a smile and have friends wear a scowl and have wrinkles.;George Eliot;smile
But God can only smile because only God can know what is coming next.;Desmond Tutu;smile
If you haven't seen your wife smile at a traffic cop, you haven't seen her smile her prettiest.;Kin Hubbard;smile
The happiness of life is made up of minute fractions - the little, soon forgotten charities of a kiss or a smile, a kind look or heartfelt compliment.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;smile
Always keep your smile. That's how I explain my long life.;Jeanne Calment;smile
A smile abroad is often a scowl at home.;Alfred Lord Tennyson;smile
And the smile that is worth the praises of earth is the smile that shines through tears.;Ella Wheeler Wilcox;smile
Courage, not compromise, brings the smile of God's approval.;Thomas S. Monson;smile
A kind heart is a fountain of gladness, making everything in its vicinity freshen into smiles.;Washington Irving;smile
The flower in the vase smiles, but no longer laughs.;Malcolm De Chazal;smile
A smile is the universal welcome.;Max Eastman;smile
Smile, it's free therapy.;Douglas Horton;smile
When I look out at the people and they look at me and they're smiling, then I know that I'm loved. That is the time when I have no worries, no problems.;Etta James;smile
Better by far you should forget and smile that you should remember and be sad.;Christina Rossetti;smile
Wrinkles will only go where the smiles have been.;Jimmy Buffett;smile
I want to touch the heart of the world and make it smile.;Charles de Lint;smile
A smile is the chosen vehicle of all ambiguities.;Herman Melville;smile
I have witnessed the softening of the hardest of hearts by a simple smile.;Goldie Hawn;smile
Children learn to smile from their parents.;Shinichi Suzuki;smile
I've always spent more time with a smile on my face than not, but the thing is, I don't write about it.;Robert Smith;smile
I never smile unless I mean it.;Donny Osmond;smile
I'm really exciting. I smile a lot, I win a lot, and I'm really sexy.;Serena Williams;smile
The company of fools may first make us smile, but in the end we always feel melancholy.;Oliver Goldsmith;smile
Never a lip is curved with pain that can't be kissed into smiles again.;Bret Harte;smile
I was so embarrassed about mispronouncing words. I just knew how to smile.;Adriana Lima;smile
She gave me a smile I could feel in my hip pocket.;Raymond Chandler;smile
I think that anybody that smiles automatically looks better.;Diane Lane;smile
To smile at the jest which plants a thorn in another's breast is to become a principal in the mischief.;Richard Brinsley Sheridan;smile
Colors are the smiles of nature.;Leigh Hunt;smile
I have found that a smile and a stick will carry you through all right, and in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred it is the smile that does the trick.;Robert Powell;smile
If the world's a veil of tears, Smile till rainbows span it.;Lucy Larcom;smile
It is impossible to persuade a man who does not disagree, but smiles.;Muriel Spark;smile
Youth smiles without any reason. It is one of its chiefest charms.;Thomas Gray;smile
As happy a man as any in the world, for the whole world seems to smile upon me!;Samuel Pepys;smile
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.;Mother Teresa;smile
A woman whose smile is open and whose expression is glad has a kind of beauty no matter what she wears.;Anne Roiphe;smile
Peace begins with a smile.;Mother Teresa;smile
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love.;Maya Angelou;smile
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death.;Leonardo da Vinci;smile
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.;Mother Teresa;smile
The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises.;Leo Buscaglia;smile
Few things in the world are more powerful than a positive push. A smile. A world of optimism and hope. A 'you can do it' when things are tough.;Richard M. DeVos;smile
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.;Thomas Paine;smile
War is a game that is played with a smile. If you can't smile, grin. If you can't grin, keep out of the way till you can.;Winston Churchill;smile
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.;W. C. Fields;smile
If by chance some day you're not feeling well and you should remember some silly thing I've said or done and it brings back a smile to your face or a chuckle to your heart, then my purpose as your clown has been fulfilled.;Red Skelton;smile
Anyone who has a continuous smile on his face conceals a toughness that is almost frightening.;Greta Garbo;smile
Beauty is truth's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror.;Rabindranath Tagore;smile
Joy's smile is much closer to tears than laughter.;Victor Hugo;smile
A woman has two smiles that an angel might envy, the smile that accepts a lover before words are uttered, and the smile that lights on the first born babe, and assures it of a mother's love.;Thomas Chandler Haliburton;smile
Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you.;Les Brown;smile
'Tis easy enough to be pleasant, When life flows along like a song But the man worth while is the one who will smile when everything goes dead wrong.;Ella Wheeler Wilcox;smile
Marrying for love may be a bit risky, but it is so honest that God can't help but smile on it.;Josh Billings;smile
Beauty is power a smile is its sword.;John Ray;smile
If in our daily life we can smile, if we can be peaceful and happy, not only we, but everyone will profit from it. This is the most basic kind of peace work.;Nhat Hanh;smile
There are some women whose pregnancy would make some sly bachelor smile.;Honore de Balzac;smile
