Discipline is wisdom and vice versa.;M. Scott Peck;wisdom
Come, come, leave business to idlers, and wisdom to fools: they have need of 'em: wit be my faculty, and pleasure my occupation, and let father Time shake his glass.;William Congreve;wisdom
Doubt is the vestibule through which all must pass before they can enter into the temple of wisdom.;Charles Caleb Colton;wisdom
Music is your own experience, your own thoughts, your wisdom. If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn. They teach you there's a boundary line to music. But, man, there's no boundary line to art.;Charlie Parker;wisdom
The stupidity of people comes from having an answer for everything. The wisdom of the novel comes from having a question for everything.;Milan Kundera;wisdom
True wisdom is less presuming than folly. The wise man doubteth often, and changeth his mind the fool is obstinate, and doubteth not he knoweth all things but his own ignorance.;Akhenaton;wisdom
That which seems the height of absurdity in one generation often becomes the height of wisdom in another.;Adlai E. Stevenson;wisdom
Central banks don't have divine wisdom. They try to do the best analysis they can and must be prepared to stand or fall by the quality of that analysis.;Mary Kay Ash;wisdom
What makes Superman a hero is not that he has power, but that he has the wisdom and the maturity to use the power wisely. From an acting point of view, that's how I approached the part.;Christopher Reeve;wisdom
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.;Baltasar Gracian;wisdom
We have no words for speaking of wisdom to the stupid. He who understands the wise is wise already.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;wisdom
To acquire knowledge, one must study but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.;Marilyn vos Savant;wisdom
Great wisdom is generous petty wisdom is contentious.;Zhuangzi;wisdom
Children also have artistic ability, and there is wisdom in there having it! The more helpless they are, the more instructive are the examples they furnish us and they must be preserved free of corruption from an early age.;Paul Klee;wisdom
Every speaker has a mouth An arrangement rather neat. Sometimes it's filled with wisdom. Sometimes it's filled with feet.;Robert Orben;wisdom
They whom truth and wisdom lead, can gather honey from a weed.;William Cowper;wisdom
I believe we have become paralyzed, paralyzed by our desire to be loved. Now our founding fathers had the wisdom to know that social acceptance and popularity were fleeing, and that this country's principles needed to be rooted in strengths greater than the passions and the emotions of the times.;Chris Christie;wisdom
There is no pain equal to that which two lovers can inflict on one another. This should be made clear to all who contemplate such a union. The avoidance of this pain is the beginning of wisdom, for it is strong enough to contaminate the rest of our lives.;Cyril Connolly;wisdom
Pain makes man think. Thought makes man wise. Wisdom makes life endurable.;John Patrick;wisdom
The wisdom of the wise and the experience of the ages is preserved into perpetuity by a nation's proverbs, fables, folk sayings and quotations.;William Feather;wisdom
It is good even for old men to learn wisdom.;Aeschylus;wisdom
Conventional wisdom on government's role in inequality often has it backwards. Tax reforms have resulted in a more progressive federal income tax government transfer payments have become less progressive.;Paul Ryan;wisdom
They would need to be already wise, in order to love wisdom.;Friedrich Schiller;wisdom
I sought my father in the world of the black musician, because it contained wisdom, experience, sadness and loneliness. I was not ever interested in the music of boys. From my youngest years, I was interested in the music of men.;Eric Clapton;wisdom
The word philosophy sounds high-minded, but it simply means the love of wisdom. If you love something, you don't just read about it you hug it, you mess with it, you play with it, you argue with it.;Hugh Jackman;wisdom
It seems to me that, in every culture, I come across a chapter headed 'Wisdom.' And then I know exactly what is going to follow: 'Vanity of vanities, all is vanity.';Ludwig Wittgenstein;wisdom
Full of wisdom are the ordinations of fate.;Friedrich Schiller;wisdom
If I am fool, it is, at least, a doubting one and I envy no one the certainty of his self-approved wisdom.;George Byron;wisdom
Who knows for what we live, and struggle, and die? Wise men write many books, in words too hard to understand. But this, the purpose of our lives, the end of all our struggle, is beyond all human wisdom.;Alan Paton;wisdom
People always blame the girl she should have said no. A monosyllable, but conventional wisdom has always been that boys can't manage it.;Anna Quindlen;wisdom
Life is the only real counselor wisdom unfiltered through personal experience does not become a part of the moral tissue.;Edith Wharton;wisdom
Government is a contrivance of human wisdom to provide for human wants. People have the right to expect that these wants will be provided for by this wisdom.;Jimmy Carter;wisdom
It is essential to employ, trust, and reward those whose perspective, ability, and judgment are radically different from yours. It is also rare, for it requires uncommon humility, tolerance, and wisdom.;Dee Hock;wisdom
The pine stays green in winter... wisdom in hardship.;Norman Douglas;wisdom
Mixing one's wines may be a mistake, but old and new wisdom mix admirably.;Bertolt Brecht;wisdom
If we continue to develop our technology without wisdom or prudence, our servant may prove to be our executioner.;Omar N. Bradley;wisdom
Our wisdom comes from our experience, and our experience comes from our foolishness.;Sacha Guitry;wisdom
A man may learn wisdom even from a foe.;Aristophanes;wisdom
For all my education, accomplishments, and so called 'wisdom'... I can't fathom my own heart.;Michael Caine;wisdom
I actually don't think that I'm that much smarter than anybody else. It's just that I frequently just seem to know what to do, and I think that's wisdom.;Benjamin Carson;wisdom
Novels are the Socratic dialogues of our time. Practical wisdom fled from school wisdom into this liberal form.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;wisdom
Men who know themselves are no longer fools. They stand on the threshold of the door of Wisdom.;Havelock Ellis;wisdom
Kindness is wisdom.;Philip James Bailey;wisdom
Strength and wisdom are not opposing values.;William J. Clinton;wisdom
Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future.;Dale Turner;wisdom
Experience comprises illusions lost, rather than wisdom gained.;Joseph Roux;wisdom
I don't think you can come into your wisdom until you have made mistakes on your own skin and felt them in reality of your own life.;Elizabeth Gilbert;wisdom
The wisdom of God's Word is quite clear on believers being unequally yoked. And marrying someone who is not a Christian - who is not a daily disciple of Christ - is being unequally yoked, regardless of what their beliefs might be.;Pat Robertson;wisdom
In the frank expression of conflicting opinions lies the greatest promise of wisdom in governmental action.;Louis D. Brandeis;wisdom
I keep my friends as misers do their treasure, because, of all the things granted us by wisdom, none is greater or better than friendship.;Pietro Aretino;wisdom
I don't turn to greeting cards for wisdom and advice, but they are a fine reflection of the general drift of the culture.;Susan Orlean;wisdom
I'm married. My wife, Stella - a beautiful woman. She's brought a lot of peace to my life, a lot of wisdom.;Anthony Hopkins;wisdom
Morality comes with the sad wisdom of age, when the sense of curiosity has withered.;Graham Greene;wisdom
Every day, every birthday candle I blow out, every penny I throw over my shoulder in a wishing well, every time my daughter says, 'Let's make a wish on a star,' there's one thing I wish for: wisdom.;Rene Russo;wisdom
Great wisdom is generous petty wisdom is contentious. Great speech is impassioned, small speech cantankerous.;Zhuang Zi;wisdom
Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end.;Leonard Nimoy;wisdom
Whenever you argue with another wiser than yourself in order that others may admire your wisdom, they will discover your ignorance.;Saadi;wisdom
The more I work with the body, keeping my assumptions in a temporary state of reservation, the more I appreciate and sympathize with a given disease. The body no longer appears as a sick or irrational demon, but as a process with its own inner logic and wisdom.;George MacDonald;wisdom
Wisdom is not attained by years, but by ability.;Plautus;wisdom
Not by age but by capacity is wisdom acquired.;Plautus;wisdom
Around '93, '94, the conventional wisdom about the Internet was that it was a toy for academics and researchers. So it was very, very underestimated for about two years.;Marc Andreessen;wisdom
Lessons of wisdom have the most power over us when they capture the heart through the groundwork of a story, which engages the passions.;Laurence Sterne;wisdom
Sciences may be learned by rote, but wisdom not.;Laurence Sterne;wisdom
Experiences are savings which a miser puts aside. Wisdom is an inheritance which a wastrel cannot exhaust.;Karl Kraus;wisdom
You know, many people have said that I'm on the edge and I'm maverick for some of the big operations that I've done. I'm not at all. I pray I ask God to give me wisdom, 'Should I do it?', guidance in terms of how to do it, who to consult with. All those kind of things are incredibly important.;Benjamin Carson;wisdom
Knowledge shrinks as wisdom grows.;Alfred North Whitehead;wisdom
God the Father, the supreme Architect, had already built this cosmic home we behold, the most sacred temple of His godhead, by the laws of His mysterious wisdom.;Giovanni Pico della Mirandola;wisdom
Many spiritual teachers - in Buddhism, in Islam - have talked about first-hand experience of the world as an important part of the path to wisdom, to enlightenment.;Bell Hooks;wisdom
Knowledge is going to make you stronger. Knowledge is going to let you control your life. Knowledge is going to give you the wisdom to teach their children. Knowledge is the thing that makes you smile in the face of disaster.;Avery Brooks;wisdom
Wisdom and understanding can only become the possession of individual men by travelling the old road of observation, attention, perseverance, and industry.;Samuel Smiles;wisdom
To build a great company, which is a CEO's job, sometimes you have to stand up against conventional wisdom.;Carly Fiorina;wisdom
Age is a terrible avenger. The lessons of life give you so much to work with, but by the time you've got all this great wisdom, you don't get to be young anymore.;Elizabeth Wurtzel;wisdom
What if Barack Obama established a Presidential Advisory Committee that would meet once every couple of months, bringing together the former presidents for a conference in order to seek their collective wisdom? There is a wealth of experience in former presidents that generally goes untapped.;Tony Campolo;wisdom
This, and this alone, is Christianity, a universal holiness in every part of life, a heavenly wisdom in all our actions, not conforming to the spirit and temper of the world but turning all worldly enjoyments into means of piety and devotion to God.;William Law;wisdom
It is almost everywhere the case that soon after it is begotten the greater part of human wisdom is laid to rest in repositories.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;wisdom
Wisdom oft times consists of knowing what to do next.;Herbert Hoover;wisdom
Wisdom consists not so much in knowing what to do in the ultimate as knowing what to do next.;Herbert Hoover;wisdom
All free governments are managed by the combined wisdom and folly of the people.;James A. Garfield;wisdom
In my own personal life, God plays a great role in the risk, because I pray before I go into the operating room for every case, and I ask him to give me wisdom, to help me to know what to do - and not only for operating, but for everything.;Benjamin Carson;wisdom
No one ever found wisdom without also being a fool. Writers, alas, have to be fools in public, while the rest of the human race can cover its tracks.;Erica Jong;wisdom
My mother is a great source of advice and wisdom and consolation for me.;Katherine Heigl;wisdom
Wisdom alone is true ambition's aim, wisdom is the source of virtue and of fame obtained with labour, for mankind employed, and then, when most you share it, best enjoyed.;Alfred North Whitehead;wisdom
Wisdom consists of the anticipation of consequences.;Norman Cousins;wisdom
Sometimes one likes foolish people for their folly, better than wise people for their wisdom.;Elizabeth Gaskell;wisdom
I'm not wise, but the beginning of wisdom is there it's like relaxing into - and an acceptance of - things.;Tina Turner;wisdom
Wisdom is knowing when you can't be wise.;Paul Engle;wisdom
The Divine wisdom has given us prayer, not as a means whereby to obtain the good things of earth, but as a means whereby we learn to do without them not as a means whereby we escape evil, but as a means whereby we become strong to meet it.;Frederick William Robertson;wisdom
The left has come to regard common sense - the traditional wisdom and folkways of the community - as an obstacle to progress and enlightenment.;Christopher Lasch;wisdom
I always see where I didn't do things the right way. I only see the heavy lifting. That's a bit of my wisdom, if you want to call it that.;Vera Wang;wisdom
Saudi Arabia is a puritanical state that claims a monopoly of wisdom and virtue.;James Buchan;wisdom
Purity engenders Wisdom, Passion avarice, and Ignorance folly, infatuation and darkness.;Cyril Connolly;wisdom
Vanity can easily overtake wisdom. It usually overtakes common sense.;Julian Casablancas;wisdom
If you have the guts to keep making mistakes, your wisdom and intelligence leap forward with huge momentum.;Holly Near;wisdom
After 25-plus years as a lawyer, prosecutor, and defense attorney, I have developed a deep appreciation for both the wisdom of the law and the role that jurists play in framing the rights and responsibilities that define our society.;Eliot Spitzer;wisdom
I'll come to you with gifts of knowledge, wisdom and truth.;Barry White;wisdom
Wisdom is nothing but a preparation of the soul, a capacity, a secret art of thinking, feeling and breathing thoughts of unity at every moment of life.;Herman Hesse;wisdom
Now that I am sixty, I see why the idea of elder wisdom has passed from currency.;John Updike;wisdom
The Founding Fathers in their wisdom decided that children were an unnatural strain on parents. So they provided jails called schools, equipped with tortures called an education.;John Updike;wisdom
As you walk in God's divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life.;Joseph Prince;wisdom
