Natural gas is hemispheric. I like to call it hemispheric in nature because it is a product that we can find in our neighborhoods.;George W. Bush;nature
Nature soaks every evil with either fear or shame.;Tertullian;nature
All that I say is, examine, inquire. Look into the nature of things. Search out the grounds of your opinions, the for and against. Know why you believe, understand what you believe, and possess a reason for the faith that is in you.;Frances Wright;nature
Although I do wrong, I do not the wrongs that I am charged with doing the wrong that I do is through the frailty of human nature, like other men. No man lives without fault.;Joseph Smith, Jr.;nature
Destruction, hence, like creation, is one of Nature's mandates.;Marquis de Sade;nature
The more intense the nature of a man, the more readily will he find meditation, and the more successfully will he practice it.;James Allen;nature
It is good to realize that if love and peace can prevail on earth, and if we can teach our children to honor nature's gifts, the joys and beauties of the outdoors will be here forever.;Jimmy Carter;nature
I am a leader by default, only because nature does not allow a vacuum.;Desmond Tutu;nature
Our behavior toward each other is the strangest, most unpredictable, and most unaccountable of all the phenomena with which we are obliged to live. In all of nature, there is nothing so threatening to humanity as humanity itself.;Lewis Thomas;nature
Art is a harmony parallel with nature.;Paul Cezanne;nature
I think what made it difficult for people to get, and still makes it difficult for people to get, is the theatrical nature of the work and the fact that, my music doesn't exist without the performance-art element.;Lady Gaga;nature
Look, when you're the president, there's all kinds of things said about us. I mean, it's just the nature of the job.;George W. Bush;nature
Art is the right hand of Nature. The latter has only given us being, the former has made us men.;Friedrich Schiller;nature
If the technical innovations of the Impressionists led merely to a more accurate representation of nature, it was perhaps of not much value in enlarging their powers of expression.;Edward Hopper;nature
A vacuum is a hell of a lot better than some of the stuff that nature replaces it with.;Tennessee Williams;nature
Man's heart away from nature becomes hard.;Standing Bear;nature
Those things that nature denied to human sight, she revealed to the eyes of the soul.;Ovid;nature
Man was nature's mistake she neglected to finish him and she has never ceased paying for her mistake.;Eric Hoffer;nature
If I have been of service, if I have glimpsed more of the nature and essence of ultimate good, if I am inspired to reach wider horizons of thought and action, if I am at peace with myself, it has been a successful day.;Alex Noble;nature
Nature scarcely ever gives us the very best for that we must have recourse to art.;Baltasar Gracian;nature
The fairest thing in nature, a flower, still has its roots in earth and manure.;David Herbert Lawrence;nature
Nature is one great big wood-chipper. Sooner or later, everything shoots out the other end in a spray of blood, bones and hair.;Doug Coupland;nature
My aim in painting has always been the most exact transcription possible of my most intimate impression of nature.;Edward Hopper;nature
Painting will have to deal more fully and less obliquely with life and nature's phenomena before it can again become great.;Edward Hopper;nature
There will be, I think, an attempt to grasp again the surprise and accidents of nature and a more intimate and sympathetic study of its moods, together with a renewed wonder and humility on the part of such as are still capable of these basic reactions.;Edward Hopper;nature
There is pleasure in the pathless woods, there is rapture in the lonely shore, there is society where none intrudes, by the deep sea, and music in its roar I love not Man the less, but Nature more.;George Byron;nature
Where there are large powers with little ambition... nature may be said to have fallen short of her purposes.;Jonathan Swift;nature
The possibilities that are suggested in quantum physics tell us that everything that we're looking at may not be in fact there, so the underlying nature of being is weird.;William Shatner;nature
Beauty is our weapon against nature by it we make objects, giving them limit, symmetry, proportion. Beauty halts and freezes the melting flux of nature.;Camille Paglia;nature
I'm aware of the mystery around us, so I write about coincidences, premonitions, emotions, dreams, the power of nature, magic.;Isabel Allende;nature
There's an easygoing nature that comes with a perspective of things that aren't as important as we make them sometimes.;Marguerite Moreau;nature
Nature, when she invented, manufactured, and patented her authors, contrived to make critics out of the chips that were left.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;nature
The right of nature... is the liberty each man hath to use his own power, as he will himself, for the preservation of his own nature that is to say, of his own life.;Thomas Hobbes;nature
Good breeding is the result of good sense, some good nature, and a little self-denial for the sake of others.;Lord Chesterfield;nature
Nature is the mother and the habitat of man, even if sometimes a stepmother and an unfriendly home.;John Dewey;nature
Those who look for the laws of Nature as a support for their new works collaborate with the creator.;Antonio Gaudi;nature
If the sight of the blue skies fills you with joy, if the simplest things of nature have a message that you understand, rejoice, for your soul is alive.;Eleanora Duse;nature
In athletics there's always been a willingness to cheat if it looks like you're not cheating. I think that's just a quirk of human nature.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;nature
Camping is nature's way of promoting the motel business.;Dave Barry;nature
The principle that human nature, in its psychological aspects, is nothing more than a product of history and given social relations removes all barriers to coercion and manipulation by the powerful.;Noam Chomsky;nature
I'm definitely a Polaroid camera girl. For me, what I'm really excited about is bringing back the artistry and the nature of Polaroid.;Lady Gaga;nature
Support by United States rulers is rather in the nature of the support that the rope gives to a hanged man.;Nikita Khrushchev;nature
It is not to be expected that human nature will change in a day.;Frank B. Kellogg;nature
The elusive nature of love... it can be such a fleeting thing. You see it there and it's just fluttering and it's gone.;Mick Jagger;nature
In this business you have to develop a thick skin, but I'm always going to feel everything. It's my nature.;Taylor Swift;nature
Romance and novel paint beauty in colors more charming than nature, and describe a happiness that humans never taste. How deceptive and destructive are those pictures of consummate bliss!;Oliver Goldsmith;nature
The real cure for our environmental problems is to understand that our job is to salvage Mother Nature. We are facing a formidable enemy in this field. It is the hunters... and to convince them to leave their guns on the wall is going to be very difficult.;Jacques Yves Cousteau;nature
Pure drawing is an abstraction. Drawing and colour are not distinct, everything in nature is coloured.;Paul Cezanne;nature
Doubtless there are things in nature which have not yet been seen. If an artist discovers them, he opens the way for his successors.;Paul Cezanne;nature
We must not be content to memorize the beautiful formulas of our illustrious predecessors. Let us go out and study beautiful nature.;Paul Cezanne;nature
I lack the magnificent richness of color that animates nature.;Paul Cezanne;nature
There are unknown forces in nature when we give ourselves wholly to her, without reserve, she lends them to us she shows us these forms, which our watching eyes do not see, which our intelligence does not understand or suspect.;Auguste Rodin;nature
The duty of man is the same in respect to his own nature as in respect to the nature of all other things, namely not to follow it but to amend it.;John Stuart Mill;nature
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away.;Fay Weldon;nature
I'm experimental by nature... always exploring my creativity.;Christina Aguilera;nature
Life is the power that's greater than I can ever comprehend. The way life runs through everything, even the tiniest elements of nature - that makes me humble.;Michael J. Fox;nature
It is unfair to blame man too fiercely for being pugnacious he learned the habit from Nature.;Christopher Morley;nature
The willow is my favorite tree. I grew up near one. It's the most flexible tree in nature and nothing can break it - no wind, no elements, it can bend and withstand anything.;Pink;nature
Stupidity is something unshakable nothing attacks it without breaking itself against it it is of the nature of granite, hard and resistant.;Gustave Flaubert;nature
I have resolved on an enterprise that has no precedent and will have no imitator. I want to set before my fellow human beings a man in every way true to nature and that man will be myself.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;nature
Nature... is nothing but the inner voice of self-interest.;Charles Baudelaire;nature
Tears are nature's lotion for the eyes. The eyes see better for being washed by them.;Christian Nestell Bovee;nature
Nature is a good name for an effect whose cause is God.;William Cowper;nature
Thus happiness depends, as nature shows, less on exterior things than most suppose.;William Cowper;nature
Only nature knows how to justly proportion to the fault the punishment it deserves.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;nature
Nature is perfect.;William Shatner;nature
Out with stereotypes, feminism proclaims. But stereotypes are the west's stunning sexual personae, the vehicles of art's assault against nature. The moment there is imagination, there is myth.;Camille Paglia;nature
All, all is theft, all is unceasing and rigorous competition in nature the desire to make off with the substance of others is the foremost - the most legitimate - passion nature has bred into us and, without doubt, the most agreeable one.;Marquis de Sade;nature
We are learning, too, that the love of beauty is one of Nature's greatest healers.;Ellsworth Huntington;nature
Truth makes on the ocean of nature no one track of light every eye, looking on, finds its own.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;nature
America is still mostly xenophobic and racist. That's the nature of America, I think.;Jerry Garcia;nature
Great art picks up where nature ends.;Marc Chagall;nature
Married love between man and woman is bigger than oaths guarded by right of nature.;Aeschylus;nature
Another thing I like to do is sit back and take in nature. To look at the birds, listen to their singing, go hiking, camping and jogging and running, walking along the beach, playing games and sometimes being alone with the great outdoors. It's very special to me.;Larry Wilcox;nature
When I'm off the road, my husband and I recharge our batteries. It's a day of deep rest and connection with the spiritual, and that can be anything - going for a walk in nature, being in silence, burning incense.;Alanis Morissette;nature
Everyone who understands the nature of God rightly necessarily knows that God is to be believed and hoped in, that he is to be loved and called upon, and to be heard in all things.;William Ames;nature
Reality must take precedence over public relations, for nature cannot be fooled.;Richard P. Feynman;nature
As in nature, as in art, so in grace it is rough treatment that gives souls, as well as stones, their luster.;Thomas Guthrie;nature
The wit makes fun of other persons the satirist makes fun of the world the humorist makes fun of himself, but in so doing, he identifies himself with people - that is, people everywhere, not for the purpose of taking them apart, but simply revealing their true nature.;James Thurber;nature
Zoos are becoming facsimiles - or perhaps caricatures - of how animals once were in their natural habitat. If the right policies toward nature were pursued, we would need no zoos at all.;Michael J. Fox;nature
Caught up in life, you see it badly. You suffer from it or enjoy it too much. The artist, in my opinion, is a monstrosity, something outside of nature.;Gustave Flaubert;nature
But I'm a hot-blooded Italian by nature. Whatever the situation you present, I'm going to make something out of it.;Maynard James Keenan;nature
It's human nature to gripe, but I'm going ahead and doing the best I can.;Elvis Presley;nature
I mean, if a person acts irresponsibly in his own life, he will pay the consequences. And it's not so much divine retribution as it's built into the law of nature.;Pat Robertson;nature
We must return to nature and nature's god.;Luther Burbank;nature
No man has received from nature the right to command his fellow human beings.;Denis Diderot;nature
I am following Nature without being able to grasp her, I perhaps owe having become a painter to flowers.;Claude Monet;nature
Ayurveda is a sister philosophy to yoga. It is the science of life or longevity and it teaches about the power and the cycles of nature, as well as the elements.;Christy Turlington;nature
If one could conclude as to the nature of the Creator from a study of his creation it would appear that God has a special fondness for stars and beetles.;John B. S. Haldane;nature
If a person is homosexual by nature - that is, if one's sexuality is as intrinsic a part of one's identity as gender or skin color - then society can no more deny a gay person access to the secular rights and religious sacraments because of his homosexuality than it can reinstate Jim Crow.;Jon Meacham;nature
Modern bodybuilding is ritual, religion, sport, art, and science, awash in Western chemistry and mathematics. Defying nature, it surpasses it.;Camille Paglia;nature
No author ever drew a character consistent to human nature, but he was forced to ascribe to it many inconsistencies.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;nature
The glory of gardening: hands in the dirt, head in the sun, heart with nature. To nurture a garden is to feed not just on the body, but the soul.;Alfred Austin;nature
Our nature is the mind. And the mind is our nature.;Bodhidharma;nature
Nature has never read the Declaration of Independence. It continues to make us unequal.;Will Durant;nature
Nothing is given to man on earth - struggle is built into the nature of life, and conflict is possible - the hero is the man who lets no obstacle prevent him from pursuing the values he has chosen.;Andrew Bernstein;nature
It seems to be a law of nature that no man, unless he has some obvious physical deformity, ever is loth to sit for his portrait.;Max Beerbohm;nature
Resentment seems to have been given us by nature for a defense, and for a defense only! It is the safeguard of justice and the security of innocence.;Adam Smith;nature
It is a sign of a dull nature to occupy oneself deeply in matters that concern the body for instance, to be over much occupied about exercise, about eating and drinking, about easing oneself, about sexual intercourse.;David Bailey;nature
