I believe our flag is more than just cloth and ink. It is a universally recognized symbol that stands for liberty, and freedom. It is the history of our nation, and it's marked by the blood of those who died defending it.;John Thune;history
I know every note in every song, the whole history of it, even parts that were there and are gone.;Enya;history
To this wonderful page in our country's history another more glorious still will be added, and the slave shall show at last to his free brothers a sharpened sword forged from the links of his fetters.;Giuseppe Garibaldi;history
If the history of the past fifty years teaches us anything, it is that peace does not follow disarmament - disarmament follows peace.;Bernard Baruch;history
I'm the fourth generation to be in show business. It's pretty neat it's nice to have that family history.;Rachel Bilson;history
The path towards a free society has not been simple. There are tragic and glorious pages in our history.;Vladimir Putin;history
I am intrigued by inanimate objects. They're a piece of history, someone's statement and ideas of life.;Mike Mills;history
Life doesn't just happen it's constructed through the history of power. And that's something I am interested in and so is the art world: a world that's trying to engage socially, with a leftist slant, to work out how we got here.;Mike Mills;history
I must admit, maybe I am a piece of history after all.;Alan Shepard;history
Of course the Republicans have long wanted to privatize Social Security and destroy it. But Social Security has been the most important and valuable social program in the history of the United States.;Bernie Sanders;history
You have to be there not for the fame and glory and recognition and being a page in a history book, but you have to be there because you believe your talent and ability can be applied effectively to operation of the spacecraft.;Alan Shepard;history
I have a long-standing history of respecting artists' wishes.;Al Yankovic;history
Macon has such a rich musical history - and the state of Georgia, as well.;Jason Aldean;history
I'm not sure history has ended.;John Bolton;history
The history of the relationship between comedy and swimming is short indeed. Of course it is always funny when someone falls into water, but that's about it.;Arthur Smith;history
History is one of those marvelous and necessary illusions we have to deal with. It's one of the ways of dealing with our world with impossible generalities which we couldn't live without.;Howard Nemerov;history
I think there was a revolution in poetry, associated chiefly with Eliot and Pound but maybe it is of the nature of revolutions or of the nature of history that their innovations should later come to look trivial or indistinguishable from technical tricks.;Howard Nemerov;history
Throughout this country's history there have of course been systematic efforts to create an official underclass.;Eric Liu;history
We've been a country that's been fortunate to be protected by two oceans, to not have serious attacks on our territory for most of our history. And we were unfortunately reminded in a very devastating way of our vulnerability.;Condoleezza Rice;history
In a country like France, so ancient, their history is full of outstanding people, so they carry a heavy weight on their back. Who could write in French after Proust or Flaubert?;Manuel Puig;history
World history is tragic.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;history
I can't change history, I don't want to change history. I can only change the future. I'm working on that.;Boris Becker;history
We are the only class in history that has been left to fight its battles alone, unaided by the ruling powers. White labor and the freed black men had their champions, but where are ours?;Elizabeth Cady Stanton;history
The main essentials of a successful prime minister are sleep and a sense of history.;Harold Wilson;history
The more the history of the World War and what led up to it is studied, the more clearly those tragic years become revealed as a vast collapse of civilization.;Arthur Henderson;history
Those nations have a very great responsibility at this juncture of the world's affairs, for by throwing their joint weight into the scales of history on the right side, they may tip the balance decisively in favour of peace.;Arthur Henderson;history
Whatever we do or fail to do will influence the course of history.;Arthur Henderson;history
Great woman belong to history and to self sacrifice.;Leigh Hunt;history
Providence conceals itself in the details of human affairs, but becomes unveiled in the generalities of history.;Alphonse de Lamartine;history
We live in a world where amnesia is the most wished-for state. When did history become a bad word?;John Guare;history
And History will smile to think that this is the species for which Socrates and Jesus Christ died.;Julien Benda;history
I'm so intrigued by women throughout history where the significance of what they were representing at that time is obscured by the fact a man saved them or they were prostitutes.;Zoe Saldana;history
We decry violence all the time in this country, but look at our history. We were born in a violent revolution, and we've been in wars ever since. We're not a pacific people.;James Lee Burke;history
Helplessness induces hopelessness, and history attests that loss of hope and not loss of lives is what decides the issue of war.;B. H. Liddell Hart;history
If you listen to Giuliani, it's like nobody did anything to improve the city except him. I'm not part of the history. Bloomberg's not part of the history. It's like, he did it. He's the only one. That's why he's a little crazy.;Ed Koch;history
The real history of consciousness starts with one's first lie.;Joseph Brodsky;history
I am trying to make clear through my writing something which I believe: that biography- history in general- can be literature in the deepest and highest sense of that term.;Robert Caro;history
Since I was there in the very beginning, I know the history of the characters. So, I make comments about the tone and sometimes remind the writers that we've done that before.;Matt Groening;history
Never in our country's history have we witnessed a natural disaster that has impacted so many people in such a wide area. In fact, as of the writing of this column, millions of people along the Gulf Coast have been displaced from their homes in a period of only five days.;Jo Bonner;history
As a novelist, I mined my history, my family and my memory, but in a very specific way. Writing fiction, I never made use of experiences immediately as they happened. I needed to let things fester in my memory, mature and transmogrify into something meaningful.;Ayelet Waldman;history
Why shouldn't rap be esoteric, able to take in current events, history and criticism? I guess it's this old idea of containment - that rappers, because they're black, can't and shouldn't aspire to look outside the ghetto for influence.;Saul Williams;history
When I'm not writing or tweaking my computer, I do embroidery. When I'm not plunging into the past, tweaking, or embroidering, I'm reading books about history, computers, or embroidery.;Lynn Abbey;history
I think there has been a great deal of valuable revisionism in women's history.;Antonia Fraser;history
Meditation while walking has a long, noble history in ancient spiritual disciplines.;Andrew Weil;history
But whenever history is in the making, there's some kind of intangible feeling.;Krist Novoselic;history
With copious evidence ranging from Plato's haughtiness to Beethoven's tirades, we may conclude that the most brilliant people of history tend to be a prickly lot.;Stephen Jay Gould;history
Right around the end of the fifties, college students and young people in general, began to realize that this music was almost like a history of our country - this music contained the real history of the people of this country.;Jackson Browne;history
Our history is that we can very aggressively, if necessary, and openly and democratically discuss our differences. We have a democratic history in which we come together and vote on these things.;Stockwell Day;history
Just touching that old tree was truly moving to me because when you touch these trees, you have such a sense of the passage of time, of history. It's like you're touching the essence, the very substance of life.;Kim Novak;history
Time and time again, history has proved that the conservatives are right and the liberals are wrong.;Stockwell Day;history
When it comes to true humility in the face of history, nothing beats complete silence.;Lev Grossman;history
While history never repeats itself, political patterns do.;Eric Alterman;history
I have behind me not only the splendid traditions and the annals of more than a thousand years but the living strength and majesty of the Commonwealth and Empire of societies old and new of lands and races different in history and origins but all, by God's Will, united in spirit and in aim.;Queen Elizabeth II;history
I feel like I'm part of history being made. I leave Apple board meetings thinking, 'I've got to do a better job.';Andrea Jung;history
Great men are usually the products of their times and one of the men developed by these times takes rank with the greatest railroad leaders in history.;John Moody;history
If we got into a situation where people start burning our records, then bring it on. That's the whole point. The gloaming has begun. We're in the darkness. This has happened before. Go read some history.;Thom Yorke;history
The history of Wall Street is inseparable from New York.;Ron Chernow;history
Film is the manipulative medium par excellence. When you think back on the history of film and the 20th century, you see the propaganda that's been made. So there are moral demands on the director to treat the spectators as seriously as he or she takes himself and not to see them merely as victims that can be manipulated to whatever ends they have.;Michael Haneke;history
Last year I was diagnosed with osteoporosis. I was over 50, Caucasian, thin, small-framed, and I have it in my genetic history. It was almost a slam-dunk.;Sally Field;history
At an incredibly divisive point in pop history, Donna Summer managed to create an undeniable across-the-board experience of mass pleasure - after 'Bad Girls,' nobody ever tried claiming disco sucked again. It set the template for what Michael Jackson would do a few months later with 'Off The Wall.';Rob Sheffield;history
It's incredible to have been part of fashion history - my whole career has been one big highlight.;Helena Christensen;history
Rupert Murdoch is probably the most successful media proprietor and operator in history.;Conrad Black;history
Sending Paris Hilton to jail for being the most loathed celeprosy lesion in the history of the species seems like a happening idea at first - forty-five days at Century Regional Detention Center is so the new thirty days at Promises Malibu! But it sets a dangerous precedent to jail celebs just because someone hates them.;Rob Sheffield;history
It would be incredibly presumptuous and self-serving of me to believe that Facebook was the end of history. The only way it could possibly be the end of history is if it becomes some sort of artificial super intelligence that takes over the world.;Sean Parker;history
How do you make any sense of history, art or literature without knowing the stories and iconography of your own culture and all the world's main religions?;Polly Toynbee;history
Nixon's full term was one of the most successful in U.S. history, which is why he was re-elected by the largest plurality in the country's history.;Conrad Black;history
The issue of civil rights was too much for the establishment to handle. One of the chapters of history that's least studied by historians is the 300 to 500 riots in the U.S. between 1965 and 1970.;Tom Hayden;history
For all history up to the end of the Cold War, summit meetings were historic and dramatic occasions, when leaders who controlled the destiny of much of the world met to change the world.;Conrad Black;history
In the history of America, we've never had an energy plan. We don't even realize the resources we have available to us.;T. Boone Pickens;history
History offers no evidence for the proposition that the assignment of women to military combat jobs is the way to win wars, improve combat readiness, or promote national security.;Phyllis Schlafly;history
What would be the nicest thing I could say about Newt Gingrich? He may be one of the great supporters of the humanities, because you have people who don't want to study the social sciences, because it's not profitable, and now Newt, as the highest-paid historian in American history, may be an encouragement to people to study history.;Barney Frank;history
This is a good time to ask apologists for the Islamic regime, who degrades Islam? Who imposes stoning, forced marriage of underage girls and flogging for not wearing the veil? Do such practices represent Iran's ancient history and culture, its ethnic and religious diversity? Its centuries of sensual and subversive poetry?;Azar Nafisi;history
There is nothing glorious about what our ancestors call history. It is simply a succession of mistakes, intolerances and violations.;Claude Vorilhon;history
For most of our history, Americans enjoyed both liberty and security from foreign threats.;Harry Browne;history
If I had been elected president in 1948, history would be vastly different. I believe we would have stemmed the growth of Big Government, which had begun with the New Deal and culminated with the Great Society.;Strom Thurmond;history
Literature overtakes history, for literature gives you more than one life. It expands experience and opens new opportunities to readers.;Carlos Fuentes;history
Any woman who understands the problems of running a home will be nearer to understanding the problems of running a country.;Margaret Thatcher;home
A house is not a home unless it contains food and fire for the mind as well as the body.;Benjamin Franklin;home
Where we love is home - home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;home
Human beings are the only creatures on earth that allow their children to come back home.;Bill Cosby;home
Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in.;Robert Frost;home
The strength of a nation derives from the integrity of the home.;Confucius;home
Home is where the heart is.;Pliny the Elder;home
People who have good relationships at home are more effective in the marketplace.;Zig Ziglar;home
Home life is no more natural to us than a cage is natural to a cockatoo.;George Bernard Shaw;home
There is nothing like staying at home for real comfort.;Jane Austen;home
Never make your home in a place. Make a home for yourself inside your own head. You'll find what you need to furnish it - memory, friends you can trust, love of learning, and other such things. That way it will go with you wherever you journey.;Tad Williams;home
When you finally go back to your old home, you find it wasn't the old home you missed but your childhood.;Sam Ewing;home
Be grateful for the home you have, knowing that at this moment, all you have is all you need.;Sarah Ban Breathnach;home
God is at home, it's we who have gone out for a walk.;Meister Eckhart;home
I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom.;Andy Warhol;home
I kiss the soil as if I placed a kiss on the hands of a mother, for the homeland is our earthly mother. I consider it my duty to be with my compatriots in this sublime and difficult moment.;Pope John Paul II;home
Decorate your home. It gives the illusion that your life is more interesting than it really is.;Charles M. Schulz;home
You never know what events are going to transpire to get you home.;Og Mandino;home
Charity begins at home, but should not end there.;Thomas Fuller;home
When it comes to developing character strength, inner security and unique personal and interpersonal talents and skills in a child, no institution can or ever will compare with, or effectively substitute for, the home's potential for positive influence.;Stephen Covey;home
If I were asked to name the chief benefit of the house, I should say: the house shelters day-dreaming, the house protects the dreamer, the house allows one to dream in peace.;Gaston Bachelard;home
Kindness goes a long ways lots of times when it ought to stay at home.;Kin Hubbard;home
I say, If everybody in this house lives where it's God first, friends and family second and you third, we won't ever have an argument.;Jeff Foxworthy;home
