It's OK to be outspoken about your faith.;Tim Tebow;faith
Stupidity, outrage, vanity, cruelty, iniquity, bad faith, falsehood - we fail to see the whole array when it is facing in the same direction as we.;Jean Rostand;faith
Intelligence must follow faith, never precede it, and never destroy it.;Thomas a Kempis;faith
Used to be, conservatives revered the Average American, that Norman Rockwell oil painting of diner food, humble faith, honest toil, and Capraesque virtue.;James Wolcott;faith
After a decade this glum, we deserved a shot of 'Glee,' a show that restored our faith in the power of song, the beauty of dance, and the magic of 'spirit fingers' to chase our cares and woes into somebody else's backyard.;James Wolcott;faith
I have written too much history to have faith in it and if anyone thinks I'm wrong, I am inclined to agree with him.;Henry Adams;faith
No man likes to have his intelligence or good faith questioned, especially if he has doubts about it himself.;Henry Adams;faith
Democrats are people who raise your taxes and spend your money on weird stuff. They steal your guns, and they spit on your faith.;Grover Norquist;faith
Faith in God's revelation has nothing to do with an ideology which glorifies the status quo.;Karl Barth;faith
For my future I have no concern, and as a true philosopher, I never would have any, for I know not what it may be: as a Christian, on the other hand, faith must believe without discussion, and the stronger it is, the more it keeps silent.;Giacomo Casanova;faith
You have riches and freedom here but I feel no sense of faith or direction. You have so many computers, why don't you use them in the search for love?;Lech Walesa;faith
I'm a scientist, not a theologian. I don't know if there is a God or not. Religion requires certainty. Revere and respect Gaia. Have trust in Gaia. But not faith.;James Lovelock;faith
Laughter kills fear, and without fear there can be no faith. For without fear of the devil there is no need for God.;Sean Connery;faith
There are so many people that don't believe in themselves and don't have faith.;Lenny Kravitz;faith
All an actor has is their blind faith that they are who they say they are today, in any scene.;Meryl Streep;faith
From those to whom much is given, much is expected. I have been given much - the love of my family, the faith and trust of the people of New York, and the chance to lead this state. I am deeply sorry that I did not live up to what was expected of me.;Eliot Spitzer;faith
As someone with a deep faith in competition and the market, I also know that markets only work with tough enforcement of the rules that guarantee competition and fair play - and that the pressure to break those rules only gets stronger as the amount of money involved gets larger.;Eliot Spitzer;faith
Everything I am I owe to my faith and secondly to parents who were old school.;J. C. Watts;faith
It's a war of attrition. If you have patience and a modicum of faith in yourself your chances are not too bad.;Julie Bowen;faith
I had lost faith in biography.;A. N. Wilson;faith
The Pledge of Allegiance reflects the truth that faith in God has played a significant role in America since the days of the founding of our country.;Randy Neugebauer;faith
If you desire faith, then you have faith enough.;Elizabeth Barrett Browning;faith
I was always concerned with writing to my age at a particular moment. That was the way I would keep faith with the audience that supported me as I went along.;Bruce Springsteen;faith
For both faith and want of faith have destroyed men alike.;Hesiod;faith
I have faith in the United States and our ability to make good decisions based on the facts.;Al Gore;faith
If you went to your closet today, would you pull out the same outfit you wore 10 or 15 years ago? You wear feelings and faith differently as well.;Amy Grant;faith
Jews survived all the defeats, expulsions, persecutions and pogroms, the centuries in which they were regarded as a pariah people, even the Holocaust itself, because they never gave up the faith that one day they would be free to live as Jews without fear.;Jonathan Sacks;faith
The royals - all of them, especially Prince Philip and Prince Charles - have done outstanding work with the faith communities.;Jonathan Sacks;faith
The faith religious believers have in God is small compared to the faith people put in politicians, knowing how many times they have been disappointed in the past but still insisting that this time it will be different.;Jonathan Sacks;faith
In thinking about religion and society in the 21st century, we should broaden the conversation about faith from doctrinal debates to the larger question of how it might inspire us to strengthen the bonds of belonging that redeem us from our solitude, helping us to construct together a gracious and generous social order.;Jonathan Sacks;faith
An investigator starts research in a new field with faith, a foggy idea, and a few wild experiments. Eventually the interplay of negative and positive results guides the work. By the time the research is completed, he or she knows how it should have been started and conducted.;Donald Cram;faith
Until as recently as November of 1966, I had complete faith in the Warren Report. Of course, my faith in the Report was grounded in ignorance, since I had never read it.;Jim Garrison;faith
Ever since the Crusades, when Christians from western Europe were fighting holy wars against Muslims in the near east, western people have often perceived Islam as a violent and intolerant faith - even though when this prejudice took root Islam had a better record of tolerance than Christianity.;Karen Armstrong;faith
I don't know what religious people do. I kind of wished I'd been a Christian with the blind faith that God is doing the right thing. As a Buddhist, you feel like you have more control over the situation, and that you can change your karma.;Marcia Wallace;faith
The future of Conservatism lies in our beliefs and values, not by throwing them away. We need to shed associations that bind us to past failures, but hold faith with those things that make us Conservatives.;Iain Duncan Smith;faith
Men never cling to their dreams with such tenacity as at the moment when they are losing faith in them, and know it, but do not dare yet to confess it to themselves.;William Graham Sumner;faith
Politicians are usually the first to forget that if you assume someone else is acting in bad faith, they will do the same to you. Questioning motives poisons the well.;John Sununu;faith
Americans cannot maintain their essential faith in government if there are two Americas, in which the private sector's work subsidizes the disproportionate benefits of this new public sector elite.;Mortimer Zuckerman;faith
There has to be a measure of faith. That's what this business is all about: trusting in something that may never show up, that you have no concrete proof of.;Wentworth Miller;faith
What unites Oklahomans today is what has always united us: Our unshakable faith. Our love of family and compassion for others. The unlimited promise of a hopeful future.;Brad Henry;faith
Um, I have an enormous faith in God. I have an enormous support system that also has that same belief.;Katey Sagal;faith
I have this embedded faith in the process through which films of a certain type get discovered on longer timelines.;Edward Norton;faith
Faith is an island in the setting sun, But proof is the bottom line for everyone.;Paul Simon;faith
It is no longer a question of a Christian going about to convert others to the faith, but of each one being ready to listen to the other and so to grow together in mutual understanding.;Bede Griffiths;faith
I had great faith in Irish actors, that they'd be hip to the whole theatre thing, and they are. I had no illusions of coming over here as some kind of big shot. It's been a learning experience for me too.;Christopher Meloni;faith
When faith is lost, when honor dies, the man is dead.;John Greenleaf Whittier;faith
I have my work and my faith... If that's boring to some people, I can't tell you how much I don't care.;Madonna Ciccone;faith
The best thing about science is that hard, empirical answers are always there if you look hard enough. The best thing about religion is that the very absence of that certainty is what requires - and gives rise to - deep feelings of faith.;Jeffrey Kluger;faith
I grew up in a Ukrainian Catholic-turned-Christian household, and that is my family's faith.;Vera Farmiga;faith
Whether we call it religion or faith, we all battle for a balanced integrated soul.;Vera Farmiga;faith
Faith is important to me.;Vera Farmiga;faith
I think that films about faith made for faith-based communities have a certain tactic.;Vera Farmiga;faith
It's a very different thing, religion and faith. Religion is man-made, it's man-regulated. And faith, you can define God as you wish. But I think they're two different things.;Vera Farmiga;faith
Honestly, I think a good film is spiritual, regardless of whether its subject is faith.;Vera Farmiga;faith
We got on his label, and the Bizarre organization is just going up and up. So we have faith.;Alice Cooper;faith
If you have abandoned one faith, do not abandon all faith. There is always an alternative to the faith we lose. Or is it the same faith under another mask?;Graham Greene;faith
I am shy to admit that I have followed the advice given all those years ago by a wise archbishop to a bewildered young man: that moments of unbelief 'don't matter,' that if you return to a practice of the faith, faith will return.;A. N. Wilson;faith
I have a disproportionate amount of faith in the goodness of the world and that everything will actually work out okay.;Sloane Crosley;faith
Life is only a long and bitter suicide, and faith alone can transform this suicide into a sacrifice.;Franz Liszt;faith
I would not attack the faith of a heathen without being sure I had a better one to put in its place.;Harriet Beecher Stowe;faith
People will make leaps of faith and get excited by your product if you just get it in front of them.;James Dyson;faith
I want the French people to respect values that allow each individual to practice his or her faith, but in the frame of our common rules of secularism.;Francois Hollande;faith
The abuse of faith has to be resisted precisely.;Joseph Ratzinger;faith
I just can't say enough about the actors having faith and trust in the writers and the writers having faith and trust in the actors.;Kyle Chandler;faith
Without faith, nothing is possible. With it, nothing is impossible.;Mary McLeod Bethune;faith
What makes community organizing especially attractive is the faith it places in the ability of the poor to make decisions for themselves.;Paul Wellstone;faith
It is not reason which makes faith hard, but life.;Jean Ingelow;faith
Our country's political discourse and debate are enriched by discussions of the political implications of our faith traditions, whether they are taking place in our communities, at our dinner tables, or in our places of worship.;David E. Price;faith
The most that one of Jewish faith can do - and some have gladly done it - is to say that Jesus was the greatest in the long succession of Jewish prophets. None can acknowledge that Jesus was the Messiah without becoming a Christian.;Kenneth Scott Latourette;faith
There's a loss of faith in the banking system that for so long has been the backbone of prosperity and growth.;Lucy Powell;faith
In properly organized groups no faith is required what is required is simply a little trust and even that only for a little while, for the sooner a man begins to verify all he hears the better it is for him.;G. I. Gurdjieff;faith
Faith, sir, we are here today, and gone tomorrow.;Aphra Behn;faith
Earmarks have become a symbol of a Congress that has broken faith with the people. This earmark ban shows the American people we are listening and we are dead serious about ending business as usual in Washington.;John Boehner;faith
I think basically becoming famous has taken the place of going to Heaven in modern society, hasn't it? That's the place where your dreams will come true. It's an act of faith now they think that's going to sort things out.;Jarvis Cocker;faith
Today we often think that before we start living a religious life we have first to accept the creedal doctrines and that before one can have any comprehension of the loyalty and trust of faith, one must first force one's mind to accept a host of incomprehensible doctrines. But this is to put the cart before the horse.;Karen Armstrong;faith
The hajj is one of the five essential practices of Islam when they make the pilgrimage to Mecca, Muslims ritually act out the central principles of their faith.;Karen Armstrong;faith
Well, I've never left my faith - but have I made a lot of mistakes? But was I fortunate that I was brought up in that Pentecostal church, where I heard about God's love and God's forgiveness.;Billy Ray Cyrus;faith
It's a leap of faith doing any serialised storytelling.;J. J. Abrams;faith
I find that it's hard to fully examine one's life and not have faith be part of the discussion.;J. J. Abrams;faith
Comedy is an escape, not from truth but from despair a narrow escape into faith.;Christopher Fry;faith
We are stronger because we recognize that government isn't the sole answer to the most important questions, and we welcome community and faith based organizations as partners to serve the needs of Florida families.;Jeb Bush;faith
People with deep faith and big hearts are concerned, as I am about the circumstance that Ms. Schiavo is in. I want them to know I will do what I can, but there are limits to what any particular person - irrespective of the title they currently hold - can do.;Jeb Bush;faith
My faith is the grand drama of my life. I'm a believer, so I sing words of God to those who have no faith.;Olivier Messiaen;faith
It is amazing to think after all that has happened in this country in the last few years, the last few decades, that so many people have this blind faith that government is our friend and therefore, so we don't need protections against it.;James Bovard;faith
Faith is not a sense, nor sight, nor reason, but taking God at His work.;Faith Evans;faith
That is not to say that we can relax our readiness to defend ourselves. Our armament must be adequate to the needs, but our faith is not primarily in these machines of defense but in ourselves.;Chester W. Nimitz;faith
I think the Hispanic community, the values that resonate in our community, are fundamentally conservative. They are faith, family, patriotism.;Ted Cruz;faith
Thank goodness I had a great family growing up, a great foundation. But I will say my faith, my parents, my family, all that stuff is very, very important. And I'll say that until the day I die.;Donny Osmond;faith
Such a faith would be fatal to my reason, to my liberty, and even to the success of my undertakings it would immediately transform me into a stupid slave, an instrument of the will and interests of others.;Mikhail Bakunin;faith
Competition got me off the farm and trained me to seek out challenges and to endure setbacks and in combination with my faith, it sustains me now in my fight with Alzheimer's disease.;Pat Summitt;faith
I still have a belief and a faith that some great things are still going to happen in my career. If I didn't believe that, it makes no sense for me to be out there, and on top of that, I know this is a period of time that God wants me to persevere through.;Michael Chang;faith
My faith experience, well, as you can imagine, you need a lot of faith to raise five boys.;Ann Romney;faith
That is the definition of faith - acceptance of that which we imagine to be true, that which we cannot prove.;Dan Brown;faith
Our ministry is supported entirely by faith, through the missions gifts of readers who receive my messages every three weeks. We seldom mention money, and we never burden supporters.;David Wilkerson;faith
Faith is never identical with piety.;Karl Barth;faith
Remember the sufferings of Christ, the storms that were weathered... the crown that came from those sufferings which gave new radiance to the faith... All saints give testimony to the truth that without real effort, no one ever wins the crown.;Thomas Becket;faith
In my career as an actor, there is a catchphrase that Scofield always says often in regards to his brother, 'Have a little faith.' In my own career as an actor, there were times when I was the only one who believed in myself in the face of the odds.;Wentworth Miller;faith
Learning how to relive again on life's terms sure doesn't do much for your confidence. You have to kind of walk in faith that the next step is going to be just a little bit better than the last step.;Joe Nichols;faith
I always had a really natural faith as a kid. Where I knew God existed and it felt very free and pretty wild and natural, and it wasn't religious.;Bear Grylls;faith
