Smiles, tears, of all my life! - and, if God choose, I shall but love thee better after death.;Elizabeth Barrett Browning;death
Being an old maid is like death by drowning, a really delightful sensation after you cease to struggle.;Edna Ferber;death
Pain and death are part of life. To reject them is to reject life itself.;Havelock Ellis;death
McVeigh's lawyer got him the death penalty, which, quite frankly, I could have done.;Jon Stewart;death
I don't want to get into the 'who's a hostage-taker' discussion here, but what is the estate tax? It's a double tax on death. Economists will tell you that it's really not a tax that soaks the rich, but it's a tax on capital that deprives business investment and therefore job creation.;Paul Ryan;death
Do not seek death. Death will find you. But seek the road which makes death a fulfillment.;Dag Hammarskjold;death
Life is a great sunrise. I do not see why death should not be an even greater one.;Vladimir Nabokov;death
Every parting is a form of death, as every reunion is a type of heaven.;Tryon Edwards;death
An important consequence of freeing oneself from the fear of death is a radical opening to spirituality of a universal and non-denominational type.;Stanislav Grof;death
Man has but three events in his life: to be born, to live, and to die. He is not conscious of his birth, he suffers at his death and he forgets to live.;Jean de la Bruyere;death
Rock and menopause do not mix. It is not good, it sucks and every day I fight it to the death, or, at the very least, not let it take me over.;Stevie Nicks;death
In the first book of my Discworld series, published more than 26 years ago, I introduced Death as a character there was nothing particularly new about this - death has featured in art and literature since medieval times, and for centuries we have had a fascination with the Grim Reaper.;Terry Pratchett;death
Death was like love, a romantic escape.;Brigitte Bardot;death
We have abolished the death penalty for humans, so why should it continue for animals?;Brigitte Bardot;death
I don't believe in life after death. But I do believe in some grinding destiny that watches over us on earth. If I didn't, the safety valve would give and the boiler would explode.;Hedy Lamarr;death
No society has been able to abolish human sadness, no political system can deliver us from the pain of living, from our fear of death, our thirst for the absolute. It is the human condition that directs the social condition, not vice versa.;Eugene Ionesco;death
A text of Tibetan Buddhism describes the time of death as a unique opportunity for spiritual liberation from the cycles of death and rebirth and a period that determines our next incarnation.;Stanislav Grof;death
Life and death are important. Don't suffer them in vain.;Bodhidharma;death
The acceptance of death gives you more of a stake in life, in living life happily, as it should be lived. Living for the moment.;Sting;death
That which is so universal as death must be a benefit.;Friedrich Schiller;death
The call of death is a call of love. Death can be sweet if we answer it in the affirmative, if we accept it as one of the great eternal forms of life and transformation.;Hermann Hesse;death
What is the value of sticking a microphone in a man's face right after he has learned of his wife's death?;Jessica Savitch;death
I offer neither pay, nor quarters, nor food I offer only hunger, thirst, forced marches, battles and death. Let him who loves his country with his heart, and not merely with his lips, follow me.;Giuseppe Garibaldi;death
I think about death a lot, like I think we all do. I don't think of suicide as an option, but as fun. It's an interesting idea that you can control how you go. It's this thing that's looming, and you can control it.;Ryan Gosling;death
'Til the infallibility of human judgements shall have been proved to me, I shall demand the abolition of the penalty of death.;Marquis de Sade;death
An insatiable appetite for glory leads to sacrifice and death, but innate instinct leads to self-preservation and life.;Jose Marti;death
Nothing in life is promised except death.;Kanye West;death
Salman Rushdie, indeed any writer who abuses the prophet or indeed any prophet under Islamic law, the sentence for that is actually death.;Cat Stevens;death
Don't be afraid of death so much as an inadequate life.;Bertolt Brecht;death
Of emotions, of love, of breakup, of love and hate and death and dying, mama, apple pie, and the whole thing. It covers a lot of territory, country music does.;Johnny Cash;death
The ideal death, I think, is what was the ideal Victorian death, you know, with your grandchildren around you, a bit of sobbing. And you say goodbye to your loved ones, making certain that one of them has been left behind to look after the shop.;Terry Pratchett;death
I'll keep peace at all cost, even if I choke to death on my tongue.;Paula Deen;death
It is natural to indulge in the illusions of hope. We are apt to shut our eyes to that siren until she allures us to our death.;Gertrude Stein;death
Just as I shall select my ship when I am about to go on a voyage, or my house when I propose to take a residence, so I shall choose my death when I am about to depart from life.;Seneca;death
Days will prove that the assassination policy will not finish the Hamas. Hamas leaders wish to be martyrs and are not scared of death. Jihad will continue and the resistance will continue until we have victory, or we will be martyrs.;Ahmed Yassin;death
Death is the great hope of all life the desire to expend itself to be used and consumed by its own longing for itself.;Bryant H. McGill;death
Our criminal justice system is fallible. We know it, even though we don't like to admit it. It is fallible despite the best efforts of most within it to do justice. And this fallibility is, at the end of the day, the most compelling, persuasive, and winning argument against a death penalty.;Eliot Spitzer;death
Death is the golden key that opens the palace of eternity.;John Milton;death
Long hair is an unpardonable offense which should be punishable by death.;Steven Morrissey;death
The kids out there want something they can relate to, something that's real most of that whiny stuff isn't real. The cheesy pop songs just bore me to death.;Jonathan Davis;death
I was brought up by very witty people who were dealing with quite difficult things: disease and death... I was brought up by people who tended to giggle at funerals.;Emma Thompson;death
Life without idealism is empty indeed. We just hope or starve to death.;Pearl S. Buck;death
Everything tends to make us believe that there exists a certain point of the mind at which life and death, the real and the imagined, past and future, the communicable and the incommunicable, high and low, cease to be perceived as contradictions.;Andre Breton;death
I have no fear of death. More important, I don't fear life.;Steven Seagal;death
O Death, rock me asleep, bring me to quiet rest, let pass my weary guiltless ghost out of my careful breast.;Anne Boleyn;death
Death comes in a flash, and that's the truth of it, the person's gone in less than 24 frames of film.;Martin Scorsese;death
At the moment of death I hope to be surprised.;Ivan Illich;death
I was court-martial in my absence, and sentenced to death in my absence, so I said they could shoot me in my absence.;Thomas Hardy;death
Inactivity is death.;Benito Mussolini;death
You've never seen death? Look in the mirror every day and you will see it like bees working in a glass hive.;Jean Cocteau;death
After the writer's death, reading his journal is like receiving a long letter.;Jean Cocteau;death
The day of my birth, my death began its walk. It is walking toward me, without hurrying.;Jean Cocteau;death
Everybody is entertained to death.;Brian Eno;death
Talk to people in their own language. If you do it well, they'll say, 'God, he said exactly what I was thinking.' And when they begin to respect you, they'll follow you to the death.;Lee Iacocca;death
I was very sad to hear of the death of Ronnie Barker, who was such a warm, friendly and encouraging presence to have when I started in television. He was also a great comic actor to learn from.;John Cleese;death
The world is put back by the death of every one who has to sacrifice the development of his or her peculiar gifts to conventionality.;Florence Nightingale;death
I am not the born how can there be either birth or death for me?;Guru Nanak;death
The desire to die was my one and only concern to it I have sacrificed everything, even death.;Emile M. Cioran;death
Life inspires more dread than death - it is life which is the great unknown.;Emile M. Cioran;death
Buddhas move freely through birth and death, appearing and disappearing at will.;Bodhidharma;death
We were aware of the fact that death walks hand in hand with struggle.;Stokely Carmichael;death
It is not tolerable, it is not possible, that from so much death, so much sacrifice and ruin, so much heroism, a greater and better humanity shall not emerge.;Charles de Gaulle;death
If your best friend has stolen your girlfriend, it does become life and death.;Ben Kingsley;death
I'm possibly a very morbid person but I think about death a lot.;Daniel Radcliffe;death
Quarreling over food and drink, having neither scruples nor shame, not knowing right from wrong, not trying to avoid death or injury, not fearful of greater strength or of greater numbers, greedily aware only of food and drink - such is the bravery of the dog and boar.;Xun Zi;death
I grew up in the suburbs and basically associate the suburbs with cultural death.;Billy Corgan;death
You know Americans are obsessed with life and death and rebirth, that's the American Cycle. You know, awakening, tragic, horrible death and then Phoenix rising from the ashes. That's the American story, again and again.;Billy Corgan;death
I was fantasising about my own death, I started thinking what my funeral would be like and what music would be played, I was at that level of insanity.;Billy Corgan;death
Andrew Wood's death changed things for a few weeks. I probably got even heavier into drugs after that.;Layne Staley;death
Only in death will I relinquish my belts.;Manny Pacquiao;death
Benjamin Franklin said there were only two things certain in life: death and taxes. But I'd like to add a third certainty: trash. And while some in this room might want to discuss reducing taxes, I want to talk about reducing trash.;Ruth Ann Minner;death
When you break up, your whole identity is shattered. It's like death.;Dennis Quaid;death
Deep down, no one really believes they have a right to live. But this death sentence generally stays tucked away, hidden beneath the difficulty of living. If that difficulty is removed from time to time, death is suddenly there, unintelligibly.;Jean Baudrillard;death
Nothing endears so much a friend as sorrow for his death. The pleasure of his company has not so powerful an influence.;David Hume;death
I saw also that there was an ocean of darkness and death, but an infinite ocean of light and love, which flowed over the ocean of darkness.;George Fox;death
There is something about poverty that smells like death.;Zora Neale Hurston;death
As long as you don't make waves, ripples, life seems easy. But that's condemning yourself to impotence and death before you are dead.;Jeanne Moreau;death
If Shaw and Einstein couldn't beat death, what chance have I got? Practically none.;Mel Brooks;death
If some persons died, and others did not die, death would be a terrible affliction.;Jean de la Bruyere;death
The passion of hatred is so long lived and so obstinate a malady that the surest sign of death in a sick person is their desire for reconciliation.;Jean de la Bruyere;death
There are only three events in a man's life birth, life, and death he is not conscious of being born, he dies in pain, and he forgets to live.;Jean de la Bruyere;death
Old age, calm, expanded, broad with the haughty breadth of the universe, old age flowing free with the delicious near-by freedom of death.;Edith Wharton;death
Everything one does in life, even love, occurs in an express train racing toward death. To smoke opium is to get out of the train while it is still moving. It is to concern oneself with something other than life or death.;Jean Cocteau;death
People praise virtue, but they hate it, they run away from it. It freezes you to death, and in this world you've got to keep your feet warm.;Denis Diderot;death
Families survive, one way or another. You have a tie, a connection that exists long after death, through many lifetimes.;Jessica Lange;death
See, I have set before you this day life and good, death and evil... I have set before you life and death, blessing and curse therefore choose life.;Moses;death
Death in itself is nothing but we fear to be we know not what, we know not where.;John Dryden;death
For those who live neither with religious consolations about death nor with a sense of death (or of anything else) as natural, death is the obscene mystery, the ultimate affront, the thing that cannot be controlled. It can only be denied.;Susan Sontag;death
Death is with you all the time you get deeper in it as you move towards it, but it's not unfamiliar to you. It's always been there, so what becomes unfamiliar to you when you pass away from the moment is really life.;Bell Hooks;death
People think celebrities don't have to worry about human things like sickness and death and rent. It's like you've traveled to this Land of Celebrity, this other country. They want you to tell about what you saw.;David Duchovny;death
The essence of the Hebrew Bible, transmitted by Christianity, is separation: between life and death, nature and God, good and evil, man and woman, and the holy and the profane.;Dennis Prager;death
When I listen to music, I don't want to hear about flowers. I like death and destruction.;Jonathan Davis;death
In the last analysis, it is our conception of death which decides our answers to all the questions that life puts to us.;Dag Hammarskjold;death
The compact which exists between the North and the South is a covenant with death and an agreement with hell.;William Lloyd Garrison;death
His death was the first time that Ed Wynn ever made anyone sad.;Red Skelton;death
But I was very, very lucky, and it was a wake up call as far as motorbikes are concerned. I never flirted with death on the bike, but now I'm totally convinced they're death machines.;Liam Neeson;death
To be honest, I'm scared to death of rollercoaster rides.;Liam Neeson;death
There is no fundamental difference between the preparation for death and the practice of dying, and spiritual practice leading to enlightenment.;Stanislav Grof;death
I was blessed with a birth and a death, and I guess I just want some say in between.;Ani DiFranco;death
