Baseball players are smarter than football players. How often do you see a baseball team penalized for too many men on the field?;Jim Bouton;sports
I regard golf as an expensive way of playing marbles.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;sports
All hockey players are bilingual. They know English and profanity.;Gordie Howe;sports
Football is an incredible game. Sometimes it's so incredible, it's unbelievable.;Tom Landry;sports
You can't win unless you learn how to lose.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;sports
These are my new shoes. They're good shoes. They won't make you rich like me, they won't make you rebound like me, they definitely won't make you handsome like me. They'll only make you have shoes like me. That's it.;Charles Barkley;sports
Sports do not build character. They reveal it.;Heywood Broun;sports
You win some, lose some, and wreck some.;Dale Earnhardt;sports
You don't play against opponents, you play against the game of basketball.;Bobby Knight;sports
Champions keep playing until they get it right.;Billie Jean King;sports
Basketball is like war in that offensive weapons are developed first, and it always takes a while for the defense to catch up.;Red Auerbach;sports
Baseball happens to be a game of cumulative tension but football, basketball and hockey are played with hand grenades and machine guns.;John Leonard;sports
Do you know what my favorite part of the game is? The opportunity to play.;Mike Singletary;sports
A lifetime of training for just ten seconds.;Jesse Owens;sports
Baseball is a game where a curve is an optical illusion, a screwball can be a pitch or a person, stealing is legal and you can spit anywhere you like except in the umpire's eye or on the ball.;James Patrick Murray;sports
Approach the game with no preset agendas and you'll probably come away surprised at your overall efforts.;Phil Jackson;sports
God made me fast. And when I run, I feel His pleasure.;Eric Liddell;sports
If you think it's hard to meet new people, try picking up the wrong golf ball.;Jack Lemmon;sports
Fishing is much more than fish. It is the great occasion when we may return to the fine simplicity of our forefathers.;Herbert Hoover;sports
If you drink don't drive. Don't even putt.;Dean Martin;sports
Give me golf clubs, fresh air and a beautiful partner, and you can keep the clubs and the fresh air.;Jack Benny;sports
Skiing combines outdoor fun with knocking down trees with your face.;Dave Barry;sports
If you watch a game, it's fun. If you play it, it's recreation. If you work at it, it's golf.;Bob Hope;sports
Golf is a game in which you yell 'fore,' shoot six, and write down five.;Paul Harvey;sports
Bobby Knight told me this: 'There is nothing that a good defense cannot beat a better offense.' In other words a good offense wins.;Dan Quayle;sports
I always turn to the sports pages first, which records people's accomplishments. The front page has nothing but man's failures.;Earl Warren;sports
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet.;Bobby Unser;sports
Golf is a day spent in a round of strenuous idleness.;William Wordsworth;sports
I know I am getting better at golf because I am hitting fewer spectators.;Gerald R. Ford;sports
I won't predict anything historic. But nothing is impossible.;Michael Phelps;sports
You know it's going to hell when the best rapper out there is white and the best golfer is black.;Charles Barkley;sports
Golf is a game in which one endeavors to control a ball with implements ill adapted for the purpose.;Woodrow Wilson;sports
One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than a hundred teaching it.;Knute Rockne;sports
Fans don't boo nobodies.;Reggie Jackson;sports
It's a round ball and a round bat, and you got to hit it square.;Pete Rose;sports
If you meet the Buddha in the lane, feed him the ball.;Phil Jackson;sports
The difference between the old ballplayer and the new ballplayer is the jersey. The old ballplayer cared about the name on the front. The new ballplayer cares about the name on the back.;Steve Garvey;sports
Golf is played by twenty million mature American men whose wives think they are out having fun.;Jim Bishop;sports
The trouble with jogging is that the ice falls out of your glass.;Martin Mull;sports
Wrestling is ballet with violence.;Jesse Ventura;sports
Life is about timing.;Carl Lewis;sports
You always get a special kick on opening day, no matter how many you go through. You look forward to it like a birthday party when you're a kid. You think something wonderful is going to happen.;Joe DiMaggio;sports
I don't want to play golf. When I hit a ball, I want someone else to go chase it.;Rogers Hornsby;sports
Tennis is a perfect combination of violent action taking place in an atmosphere of total tranquillity.;Billie Jean King;sports
Some people are born on third base and go through life thinking they hit a triple.;Barry Switzer;sports
Nobody's a natural. You work hard to get good and then work to get better. It's hard to stay on top.;Paul Coffey;sports
The triple is the most exciting play in baseball. Home runs win a lot of games, but I never understood why fans are so obsessed with them.;Hank Aaron;sports
The only way to prove that you're a good sport is to lose.;Ernie Banks;sports
Most ball games are lost, not won.;Casey Stengel;sports
Boxing has become America's tragic theater.;Joyce Carol Oates;sports
Golf appeals to the idiot in us and the child. Just how childlike golf players become is proven by their frequent inability to count past five.;John Updike;sports
The only thing a golfer needs is more daylight.;Ben Hogan;sports
Baseball is almost the only orderly thing in a very unorderly world. If you get three strikes, even the best lawyer in the world can't get you off.;Bill Veeck;sports
The two most important things in life are good friends and a strong bullpen.;Bob Lemon;sports
I don't know why people question the academic training of an athlete. Fifty percent of the doctors in this country graduated in the bottom half of their classes.;Al McGuire;sports
All sports for all people.;Pierre de Coubertin;sports
Sometimes in football you have to score goals.;Thierry Henry;sports
Play is the only way the highest intelligence of humankind can unfold.;Joseph Chilton Pearce;sports
Reverse every natural instinct and do the opposite of what you are inclined to do, and you will probably come very close to having a perfect golf swing.;Ben Hogan;sports
Sports are a microcosm of society.;Billie Jean King;sports
If I weren't earning $3 million a year to dunk a basketball, most people on the street would run in the other direction if they saw me coming.;Charles Barkley;sports
Gray skies are just clouds passing over.;Frank Gifford;sports
If a tie is like kissing your sister, losing is like kissing you grandmother with her teeth out.;George Brett;sports
Trying to sneak a fastball past Hank Aaron is like trying to sneak the sunrise past a rooster.;Joe Adcock;sports
Hitting is timing. Pitching is upsetting timing.;Warren Spahn;sports
I had pro offers from the Detroit Lions and Green Bay Packers, who were pretty hard up for linemen in those days. If I had gone into professional football the name Jerry Ford might have been a household word today.;Gerald R. Ford;sports
Have you ever noticed what golf spells backwards?;Al Boliska;sports
If you got the game, you got the game. That's why Tiger Woods is out there playing golf with Greg Norman.;Shaquille O'Neal;sports
I'm a competitive person and I love the challenge of mastering new things.;Sasha Cohen;sports
There isn't a flaw in his golf or his makeup. He will win more majors than Arnold Palmer and me combined. Somebody is going to dust my records. It might as well be Tiger, because he's such a great kid.;Jack Nicklaus;sports
He has the finest, fundamentally sound golf swing I've ever seen.;Jack Nicklaus;sports
He's going to be around a long, long time, if his body holds up. That's always a concern with a lot of players because of how much they play. A lot of guys can't handle it. But it looks like he can.;Jack Nicklaus;sports
You spend a good piece of your life gripping a baseball and in the end it turns out that it was the other way around all the time.;Jim Bouton;sports
Baseball life is a tough life on the family.;Nolan Ryan;sports
If a lot of people gripped a knife and fork the way they do a golf club, they'd starve to death.;Sam Snead;sports
The fewer rules a coach has, the fewer rules there are for players to break.;John Madden;sports
I play in the low 80s. If it's any hotter than that, I won't play.;Joe E. Lewis;sports
Relax? How can anybody relax and play golf? You have to grip the club, don't you?;Ben Hogan;sports
Any time Detroit scores more than 100 points and holds the other team below 100 points they almost always win.;Doug Collins;sports
The difference in golf and government is that in golf you can't improve your lie.;George Deukmejian;sports
You can make a lot of money in this game. Just ask my ex-wives. Both of them are so rich that neither of their husbands work.;Lee Trevino;sports
Baseball is drama with an endless run and an ever-changing cast.;Joe Garagiola;sports
What other people may find in poetry or art museums, I find in the flight of a good drive.;Arnold Palmer;sports
The integrity of the game is everything.;Peter Ueberroth;sports
It is almost impossible to remember how tragic a place the world is when one is playing golf.;Robert Wilson Lynd;sports
Bulls do not win bull fights. People do.;Norman Ralph Augustine;sports
My family knew, but most of the sporting world did not realize that my right hand been some 75% paralyzed.;Bill Toomey;sports
There was endless action - not just football, but sailboats, tennis and other things: movement. There was endless talk - the ambassador at the head of the table laying out the prevailing wisdom, but everyone else weighing in with their opinions and taking part.;Charles Spalding;sports
Eighteen holes of match play will teach you more about your foe than 18 years of dealing with him across a desk.;Grantland Rice;sports
Nobody roots for Goliath.;Wilt Chamberlain;sports
I'll let the racket do the talking.;John McEnroe;sports
When I was 40, my doctor advised me that a man in his 40s shouldn't play tennis. I heeded his advice carefully and could hardly wait until I reached 50 to start again.;Hugo Black;sports
You know they're not going to lose 162 consecutive games.;Harry Caray;sports
One thing you learned as a Cubs fan: when you bought you ticket, you could bank on seeing the bottom of the ninth.;Joe Garagiola;sports
Pro football is like nuclear warfare. There are no winners, only survivors.;Frank Gifford;sports
I started playing ball when I was a kid. My dad was a pro ball player and he passed on his knowledge to me.;Kurt Russell;sports
Every great batter works on the theory that the pitcher is more afraid of him than he is of the pitcher.;Ty Cobb;sports
What's a good tournament for him? Winning it. He's good enough.;Greg Norman;sports
Don't play too much golf. Two rounds a day are plenty.;Harry Vardon;sports
