Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude.;Denis Waitley;love
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death.;Leonardo da Vinci;love
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.;Bruce Lee;love
Before marriage, a girl has to make love to a man to hold him. After marriage, she has to hold him to make love to him.;Marilyn Monroe;love
It may be true that the law cannot make a man love me, but it can keep him from lynching me, and I think that's pretty important.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;love
At the center of non-violence stands the principle of love.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;love
Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope.;Maya Angelou;love
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.;Euripides;love
Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friendship.;Oscar Wilde;love
Let us more and more insist on raising funds of love, of kindness, of understanding, of peace. Money will come if we seek first the Kingdom of God - the rest will be given.;Mother Teresa;love
Let us not be satisfied with just giving money. Money is not enough, money can be got, but they need your hearts to love them. So, spread your love everywhere you go.;Mother Teresa;love
You can't stop loving or wanting to love because when its right it's the best thing in the world. When you're in a relationship and its good, even if nothing else in your life is right, you feel like your whole world is complete.;Keith Sweat;love
A coward is incapable of exhibiting love it is the prerogative of the brave.;Mahatma Gandhi;love
You can't blame gravity for falling in love.;Albert Einstein;love
Never trust anyone completely but God. Love people, but put your full trust only in God.;Lawrence Welk;love
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours if they don't they never were.;Richard Bach;love
I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.;Rita Rudner;love
If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don't, they never were.;Khalil Gibran;love
I love you when you bow in your mosque, kneel in your temple, pray in your church. For you and I are sons of one religion, and it is the spirit.;Khalil Gibran;love
I say what I want to say and do what I want to do. There's no in between. People will either love you for it or hate you for it.;Eminem;love
It is not enough to say we must not wage war. It is necessary to love peace and sacrifice for it.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;love
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.;Buddha;love
People love chopping wood. In this activity one immediately sees results.;Albert Einstein;love
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty.;Zig Ziglar;love
Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses.;Ann Landers;love
If you want a love message to be heard, it has got to be sent out. To keep a lamp burning, we have to keep putting oil in it.;Mother Teresa;love
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own... Jealousy is a disease, love is a healthy condition. The immature mind often mistakes one for the other, or assumes that the greater the love, the greater the jealousy.;Robert A. Heinlein;love
Intense love does not measure, it just gives.;Mother Teresa;love
But let there be spaces in your togetherness and let the winds of the heavens dance between you. Love one another but make not a bond of love: let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls.;Khalil Gibran;love
Even the rich are hungry for love, for being cared for, for being wanted, for having someone to call their own.;Mother Teresa;love
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.;Mother Teresa;love
I love mirrors. They let one pass through the surface of things.;Claude Chabrol;love
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.;Miguel Angel Ruiz;love
The beginning of love is to let those we love be perfectly themselves, and not to twist them to fit our own image. Otherwise we love only the reflection of ourselves we find in them.;Thomas Merton;love
If we listened to our intellect, we'd never have a love affair. We'd never have a friendship. We'd never go into business, because we'd be cynical. Well, that's nonsense. You've got to jump off cliffs all the time and build your wings on the way down.;Ray Bradbury;love
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.;Lao Tzu;love
Anyway, no drug, not even alcohol, causes the fundamental ills of society. If we're looking for the source of our troubles, we shouldn't test people for drugs, we should test them for stupidity, ignorance, greed and love of power.;P. J. O'Rourke;love
The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.;Audrey Hepburn;love
And ever has it been known that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.;Khalil Gibran;love
The things that will destroy America are prosperity-at-any-price, peace-at-any-price, safety-first instead of duty-first, the love of soft living, and the get-rich-quick theory of life.;Theodore Roosevelt;love
Absence from those we love is self from self - a deadly banishment.;William Shakespeare;love
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;love
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.;George Burns;love
Love is the ability and willingness to allow those that you care for to be what they choose for themselves without any insistence that they satisfy you.;Wayne Dyer;love
Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance.;Oscar Wilde;love
Love is like a beautiful flower which I may not touch, but whose fragrance makes the garden a place of delight just the same.;Helen Keller;love
I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?;Ernest Hemingway;love
If we lose love and self respect for each other, this is how we finally die.;Maya Angelou;love
There is always the danger that we may just do the work for the sake of the work. This is where the respect and the love and the devotion come in - that we do it to God, to Christ, and that's why we try to do it as beautifully as possible.;Mother Teresa;love
The course of true love never did run smooth.;William Shakespeare;love
I know of only one duty, and that is to love.;Albert Camus;love
One should always be in love. That is the reason one should never marry.;Oscar Wilde;love
We've got this gift of love, but love is like a precious plant. You can't just accept it and leave it in the cupboard or just think it's going to get on by itself. You've got to keep watering it. You've got to really look after it and nurture it.;John Lennon;love
A man can be happy with any woman, as long as he does not love her.;Oscar Wilde;love
The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance.;Brian Tracy;love
Many people mistake our work for our vocation. Our vocation is the love of Jesus.;Mother Teresa;love
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.;Steve Jobs;love
Forgiveness is the final form of love.;Reinhold Niebuhr;love
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother.;Theodore Hesburgh;love
Joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls.;Mother Teresa;love
I try to give to the poor people for love what the rich could get for money. No, I wouldn't touch a leper for a thousand pounds yet I willingly cure him for the love of God.;Mother Teresa;love
If someone thinks that love and peace is a cliche that must have been left behind in the Sixties, that's his problem. Love and peace are eternal.;John Lennon;love
The first duty of love is to listen.;Paul Tillich;love
I see when men love women. They give them but a little of their lives. But women when they love give everything.;Oscar Wilde;love
Work is love made visible. And if you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work and sit at the gate of the temple and take alms of those who work with joy.;Khalil Gibran;love
Our life of poverty is as necessary as the work itself. Only in heaven will we see how much we owe to the poor for helping us to love God better because of them.;Mother Teresa;love
There are four questions of value in life... What is sacred? Of what is the spirit made? What is worth living for, and what is worth dying for? The answer to each is the same. Only love.;Johnny Depp;love
Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.;Jean de La Fontaine;love
Power is of two kinds. One is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love. Power based on love is a thousand times more effective and permanent then the one derived from fear of punishment.;Mahatma Gandhi;love
We are not the same persons this year as last nor are those we love. It is a happy chance if we, changing, continue to love a changed person.;W. Somerset Maugham;love
God proved His love on the Cross. When Christ hung, and bled, and died, it was God saying to the world, 'I love you.';Billy Graham;love
Falling in love and having a relationship are two different things.;Keanu Reeves;love
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.;Marcus Aurelius;love
Trust is to human relationships what faith is to gospel living. It is the beginning place, the foundation upon which more can be built. Where trust is, love can flourish.;Barbara Smith;love
As selfishness and complaint pervert the mind, so love with its joy clears and sharpens the vision.;Helen Keller;love
When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brain.;Mark Twain;love
I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.;Douglas Adams;love
Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;love
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.;Friedrich Nietzsche;love
Love is like a virus. It can happen to anybody at any time.;Maya Angelou;love
It has always seemed strange to me... the things we admire in men, kindness and generosity, openness, honesty, understanding and feeling, are the concomitants of failure in our system. And those traits we detest, sharpness, greed, acquisitiveness, meanness, egotism and self-interest, are the traits of success. And while men admire the quality of the first they love the produce of the second.;John Steinbeck;love
Love one another and help others to rise to the higher levels, simply by pouring out love. Love is infectious and the greatest healing energy.;Sai Baba;love
Christmas, my child, is love in action. Every time we love, every time we give, it's Christmas.;Dale Evans;love
We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves.;Henry Ward Beecher;love
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.;Thomas Paine;love
Love is a serious mental disease.;Plato;love
To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;love
I love those who yearn for the impossible.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;love
Love to faults is always blind, always is to joy inclined. Lawless, winged, and unconfined, and breaks all chains from every mind.;William Shakespeare;love
What does love look like? It has the hands to help others. It has the feet to hasten to the poor and needy. It has eyes to see misery and want. It has the ears to hear the sighs and sorrows of men. That is what love looks like.;Saint Augustine;love
The sadness of the women's movement is that they don't allow the necessity of love. See, I don't personally trust any revolution where love is not allowed.;Maya Angelou;love
Love. Fall in love and stay in love. Write only what you love, and love what you write. The key word is love. You have to get up in the morning and write something you love, something to live for.;Ray Bradbury;love
I love life because what more is there?;Anthony Hopkins;love
Where we love is home - home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;love
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.;Henry David Thoreau;love
But I say to you, Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, so that you may be sons of your Father who is in heaven for he makes his sun rise on the evil and on the good, and sends rain on the just and on the unjust.;Jesus Christ;love
Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love?;Fulton J. Sheen;love
Once in his life, every man is entitled to fall madly in love with a gorgeous redhead.;Lucille Ball;love
All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love.;Leo Tolstoy;love
