The momentum of freedom in our world is unmistakable - and it is not carried forward by our power alone. We can trust in that greater power Who guides the unfolding of the years. And in all that is to come, we can know that His purposes are just and true.;George W. Bush;trust
Will some reporter, or some Republican on the Sunday shows, please ask why tax cuts raid the non-existent Social Security Trust Fund but all the Democrats' new spending doesn't? Will someone please ask that?;Rush Limbaugh;trust
Whatever happens in life is fine - just trust in that.;Orlando Bloom;trust
Do not trust the cheering, for those persons would shout as much if you or I were going to be hanged.;Oliver Cromwell;trust
Where large sums of money are concerned, it is advisable to trust nobody.;Agatha Christie;trust
Basically, there are two paths you can walk: faith or fear. It's impossible to simultaneously trust God and not trust God.;Charles Stanley;trust
Never trust a man, who when left alone with a tea cosey... Doesn't try it on.;Billy Connolly;trust
I've only ever trusted my gut on everything. I don't trust my head, I don't trust my heart, I trust my gut.;Bryan Adams;trust
In every tyrant's heart there springs in the end this poison, that he cannot trust a friend.;Aeschylus;trust
When you take a stand out of deep conviction, people know. They may not even agree, but they ask, 'Do I want someone who is willing to take a hard stand and someone I can trust to do that when the chips are down?' They want that.;Barbara Boxer;trust
Jesus teaches us to forgive and I've got to trust him on that one.;Billy Corgan;trust
Therefore trust to thy heart, and to what the world calls illusions.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;trust
Trust one who has tried.;Virgil;trust
People make suggestions on what to say all the time. I'll give you an example I don't read what's handed to me. People say, 'Here, here's your speech, or here's an idea for a speech.' They're changed. Trust me.;George W. Bush;trust
Sometimes you don't know who you can and cannot trust. I still learn that over and over again.;Demi Lovato;trust
Life is a gift, given in trust - like a child.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;trust
I know it when I don't know it. Sometimes I know it when I don't think I know it. I need to trust myself in these moments, these rare moments of self-doubt.;Rush Limbaugh;trust
All of my favorite people - people I really trust - none of them were cool in their younger years.;Taylor Swift;trust
I trust Winsor and Newton and I paint directly upon it.;Edward Hopper;trust
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;trust
I think there are certain folks in Missouri that don't trust government. And they haven't trusted government for a long time.;Claire McCaskill;trust
Honor bespeaks worth. Confidence begets trust. Service brings satisfaction. Cooperation proves the quality of leadership.;James Cash Penney;trust
I was no chief and never had been, but because I had been more deeply wronged than others, this honor was conferred upon me, and I resolved to prove worthy of the trust.;Geronimo;trust
The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins.;Dave Barry;trust
The best thing I've learned is, if you're going out, never go out alone - you leave yourself vulnerable. If you've got someone else there you trust, they can say, be wary of that person. I probably used to be too trusting of people.;Daniel Radcliffe;trust
The toughest thing about the power of trust is that it's very difficult to build and very easy to destroy. The essence of trust building is to emphasize the similarities between you and the customer.;Thomas J. Watson;trust
Old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read.;Athenaeus;trust
Never trust the artist. Trust the tale. The proper function of the critic is to save the tale from the artist who created it.;David Herbert Lawrence;trust
I love that we can trust Barack to do what he says he's going to do, even when it's hard - especially when it's hard.;Michelle Obama;trust
Trust is not the same as faith. A friend is someone you trust. Putting faith in anyone is a mistake.;Christopher Hitchens;trust
On receiving from the people the sacred trust twice confided on my illustrious predecessor, and which he has discharged so faithfully and so well, I know that I can not expect to perform the arduous task with equal ability and success.;Martin Van Buren;trust
People in north Michigan are not different at all from people in southern Alabama. Trust me, someone who's spent a lot of time in both places. They're all hardworking, simple people.;Kid Rock;trust
I wish people would realize that animals are totally dependent on us, helpless, like children, a trust that is put upon us.;James Herriot;trust
I don't trust doctors. It's not to say there ain't some good ones, but on a general level, no, I wouldn't trust 'em at all.;Keith Richards;trust
For somehow this disease inheres in tyranny, never to trust one's friends.;Aeschylus;trust
My message to anyone who's afraid that they can't write music when they're happy is 'Just trust the passion.' The passion can write a lot of things.;Alanis Morissette;trust
The people of Wisconsin have been good to me. I've tried to live up to their trust. And now I ask those hardworking men and women, and millions like them across America, to join our cause and get this country working again. When Governor Romney asked me to join the ticket, I said, 'Let's get this done' - and that is exactly, what we're going to do.;Paul Ryan;trust
Trust is built with consistency.;Lincoln Chafee;trust
For this equilibrium now in sight, let us trust that mankind, as it has occurred in the greatest periods of its past, will find for itself a new code of ethics, common to all, made of tolerance, of courage, and of faith in the Spirit of men.;Albert Claude;trust
Quakers almost as good as colored. They call themselves friends and you can trust them every time.;Harriet Tubman;trust
As you enter positions of trust and power, dream a little before you think.;Toni Morrison;trust
Our national motto is 'In God we Trust,' reminding us that faith in our Creator is the most important American value of all.;Marco Rubio;trust
Whether you're throwing up or breaking up, you want your girlfriend right there! I don't trust women who don't go to their girlfriends.;Drew Barrymore;trust
They say I'm the Hottest MC in the Game. If you label me that, I will live up to it. Trust me.;Lil Wayne;trust
If you don't trust the pilot, don't go.;Denzel Washington;trust
I have made it a rule of my life to trust a man long after other people gave him up, but I don't see how I can ever trust any human being again.;Ulysses S. Grant;trust
They are the only people in the world who I can truly trust and rely on. Touring gets really lonely. I guess I have friends around me but when you're paying them can they ever really be true friends?;Kelly Osbourne;trust
To some extent I happily don't know what I'm doing. I feel that it's an artist's responsibility to trust that.;David Byrne;trust
Never trust the advice of a man in difficulties.;Aesop;trust
Raising five boys is a handful, trust me.;Barbara Bush;trust
It is essential to employ, trust, and reward those whose perspective, ability, and judgment are radically different from yours. It is also rare, for it requires uncommon humility, tolerance, and wisdom.;Dee Hock;trust
It can be hard in this business, especially when you're very young, to figure out who you can and can't trust.;Christina Aguilera;trust
Thankfully, I have my mom and a small group of close friends who are there for me 24/7 and whom I can trust and depend on.;Christina Aguilera;trust
I will have to earn trust and respect from my kids.;Tiger Woods;trust
Let's stop big government energy mandates like cap-and-trade, and instead trust the American innovator to make us energy independent.;Marco Rubio;trust
While day by day the overzealous student stores up facts for future use, he who has learned to trust nature finds need for ever fewer external directions. He will discard formula after formula, until he reaches the conclusion: Let nature take its course.;Larry Bird;trust
You can't trust politicians. It doesn't matter who makes a political speech. It's all lies - and it applies to any rock star who wants to make a political speech as well.;Bob Geldof;trust
I do not trust those who make the vaccines, or the apparatus behind it all to push it on us through fear.;Billy Corgan;trust
All the blessings we enjoy are Divine deposits, committed to our trust on this condition, that they should be dispensed for the benefit of our neighbors.;John Calvin;trust
I don't think you can question your instinct you should always trust it.;Andrea Arnold;trust
I don't trust what this life has given me.;Dennis Rodman;trust
Put your trust in God but be sure to keep your powder dry.;Oliver Cromwell;trust
I read the NY Times but I don't trust all of it.;David Byrne;trust
There is trust in there being a Spirit who loves me and wants me to have love in my life. I trust in this higher power, it is what keeps me moving forward no matter what happens.;Kenny Loggins;trust
Any institution faces two basic choices if they hope to spark new ideas. One is to leverage the brains trust within their organization by creating a special event dedicated to new thinking. The other is to look outside themselves to stimulate solutions.;Simon Mainwaring;trust
Non-disclosure in the Internet Age is quickly perceived as a breach of trust. Government, corporations and each of us as individuals must recalibrate how we live and share our lives appropriate to the information now available and the expectations of others.;Simon Mainwaring;trust
I always have issues with trust.;Vin Diesel;trust
Responsibilities are given to him on whom trust rests. Responsibility is always a sign of trust.;James Cash Penney;trust
It doesn't make any sense... that's why I trust it!;Kate Winslet;trust
He who wants to persuade should put his trust not in the right argument, but in the right word. The power of sound has always been greater than the power of sense.;Joseph Conrad;trust
Don't expect anyone else to support you. Maybe you'll have a trust fund. Maybe you'll have a wealthy spouse. But you never know when either of them might run out.;Mary Schmich;trust
Government is a trust, and the officers of the government are trustees. And both the trust and the trustees are created for the benefit of the people.;Henry Clay;trust
You'd think experienced political professionals would know better than to place their trust in exit polls, notoriously inaccurate surveys that had John Kerry winning the 2004 election by five points when he actually lost by three.;John Podhoretz;trust
With fame, you can't trust everybody. You can't depend on them being there for you as a person. They will only be there because of what you've got you as a person. They will only be there because of what you've got and what you can bring to their life. It's not a relationship-it's a leech.;Chris Brown;trust
If people believe you're on their side, they will trust your decisions.;Dee Dee Myers;trust
Acting is also working with people who invite you into their dreams and trust you with their innermost being.;Catherine Deneuve;trust
I never trust an executive who tends to pass the buck. Nor would I want to deal with him as a customer or a supplier.;James Cash Penney;trust
The vote is a trust more delicate than any other, for it involves not just the interests of the voter, but his life, honor and future as well.;Jose Marti;trust
And we can celebrate when we have a government that has earned back the trust of the people it serves... when we have a government that honors our Constitution and stands up for the values that have made America, America: economic freedom, individual liberty, and personal responsibility.;John Boehner;trust
Up against the corporate government, voters find themselves asked to choose between look-alike candidates from two parties vying to see who takes the marching orders from their campaign paymasters and their future employers. The money of vested interest nullifies genuine voter choice and trust.;Ralph Nader;trust
Trust is the first step to love.;Munshi Premchand;trust
Ideas are only lethal if you suppress and don't discuss them. Ignorance is not bliss, it's stupid. Banning books shows you don't trust your kids to think and you don't trust yourself to be able to talk to them.;Anna Quindlen;trust
Trust funds can never be a substitute for a fund of trust.;Edwin Louis Cole;trust
Every single Pixar film, at one time or another, has been the worst movie ever put on film. But we know. We trust our process. We don't get scared and say, 'Oh, no, this film isn't working.';John Lasseter;trust
To get a child's trust - you may know or not - is a very hard thing to do. They're so used to not believing adults - because adults tell tales and lies all the time.;Maurice Sendak;trust
Everyone realizes that one can believe little of what people say about each other. But it is not so widely realized that even less can one trust what people say about themselves.;Rebecca West;trust
The only way to make a man trustworthy is to trust him.;Henry L. Stimson;trust
The press is the hired agent of a monied system, and set up for no other purpose than to tell lies where their interests are involved. One can trust nobody and nothing.;Henry Adams;trust
My wife, a schoolteacher, very disciplined. If you think I'm tough, trust me, and wait till you see when the children are on the naughty step. It's hilarious. So we decided that I'm going to work like a donkey and provide amazing support for the family.;Gordon Ramsay;trust
When a citizen gives his suffrage to a man of known immorality he abuses his trust he sacrifices not only his own interest, but that of his neighbor he betrays the interest of his country.;Noah Webster;trust
I also don't trust Caribou anymore. They're out there, on the tundra, waiting... Something's going down. I'm right about this.;Joss Whedon;trust
Fundamentalists are panicked by the apparent disintegration of the family, the disappearance of certainty and the decay of morality. Fear leads them to ask, if we cannot trust the Bible, what can we trust?;Garrett Hardin;trust
It is impossible to go through life without trust: that is to be imprisoned in the worst cell of all, oneself.;Graham Greene;trust
Today I trust my instinct, I trust myself. Finally.;Isabelle Adjani;trust
I don't have any romantic ideas about marriage. Trust me. A white dress... ? No. It's not something for me.;Diane Kruger;trust
Interior design is a business of trust.;Venus Williams;trust
I don't trust a lot of journalists.;Calvin Klein;trust
If we put our trust in the common sense of common men and 'with malice toward none and charity for all' go forward on the great adventure of making political, economic and social democracy a practical reality, we shall not fail.;Henry A. Wallace;trust
There is so much temptation to hold on to my career even more now. To try to micromanage and dictate every little aspect. But that's not how I want to do things anymore. I'm thinking about how can I trust God more. How can I surrender more? How can I bring him more glory? It's a fight. But it's one I'm going to keep fighting.;Jeremy Lin;trust
