I had someone call me this morning telling me they had somebody who would only work a certain number of hours a week because if they worked too many hours a week then they couldn't get their government assistance. And that person has multiple cell phones, and gets them new every month with new minutes.;Timothy Griffin;morning
Sometimes, I sit down to sketch at the unearthly hour of 3 in the morning!;Nafisa Joseph;morning
This morning I was laughing at my cat who was running up the stairs and slipped, and pretended like it didn't happen.;Jayma Mays;morning
My mom was a big 'Smurfs' fan, so she would force me to watch every Saturday morning. I had no choice in the matter. I would jump downstairs on Saturday morning, 'Hurray, cartoons!' and she would say, 'Smurfs! That's what you're watching.';Jayma Mays;morning
When you awaken some morning and hear that somebody or other has been discovered, you can put it down as a fact that he discovered himself years ago - since that time he has been toiling, working, and striving to make himself worthy of general discovery.;James Whitcomb Riley;morning
We had cocktail parties and I'd stay up until 5 in the morning.;Dorothy Malone;morning
I owed Lewis one thing, at least. Once you had suffered the experience of presenting a case at one of his Monday morning conferences, no other public appearance, whether on radio, TV or the lecture platform, could hold any terrors for you.;Anthony Storr;morning
When Andrew went with the girls, we were talking all morning and he was saying, 'It's okay. Just remember we had such a good day. Our wedding was so perfect.' Because we're such a unit together. He made me feel very part of the day on April the 29th.;Sarah Ferguson;morning
I would bend over backward to be back on Grey's. Any day, I'll choose lying in bed with Katherine Heigl looking over me over getting thrown against walls by supernatural persons at 5 in the morning.;Jeffrey Dean Morgan;morning
I hated high school. Ugh. I couldn't wait until it was over so I could sleep in. In college, I made sure all my classes were in the afternoon. I hated getting up in the morning.;Mario Cantone;morning
I get up in the morning, do my e-mail, I check my e-mails all day. I'll go online and I'll buy my books at Amazon.com, but I don't want to buy all of them because I want to go to Duttons and I want to buy books from another human being.;Joseph Bologna;morning
I have asked myself once or twice lately what was my natural bent. I have no doubt at all: It is to look at each day for the evil of that day and have a go at it, and that is why I have never failed to have an acute interest in each morning's letters.;Geoffrey Fisher;morning
I'd wake up in the morning and I would think, 'Where am I?' I'd have to gather myself.;Pat Summitt;morning
I wake up every morning feeling lucky - which is driven by fear, no doubt, since I know it could all go away.;Natasha Richardson;morning
I'm sorry I didn't wear paint this morning. I tend not to wear it unless I'm getting highly paid.;Tyne Daly;morning
Some of those more out-there jokes were written in the wee hours of the morning. Somehow, they remained funny the next day.;Seth MacFarlane;morning
All morning they watched for the plane which they thought would be looking for them. They cursed war in general and PTs in particular. At about ten o'clock the hulk heaved a moist sigh and turned turtle.;John Hersey;morning
I have come to understand and appreciate writers much more recently since I started working on a book last fall. Before that, I thought golf writers got up every morning, played a round of golf, had lunch, showed up for our last three holes and then went to dinner.;Phil Mickelson;morning
As we moved along in a little procession, I was delighted with the illumination of the streets. So many lamps, and they burned until morning, my father said, and so people did not need to carry lanterns.;Mary Antin;morning
The apex of my civic pride and personal contentment was reached on the bright September morning when I entered the public school.;Mary Antin;morning
The results of this survey are shocking and should be a wake-up call to men and women that drinking and smoking too much not only gives you a bad headache in the morning but can affect your ability to start a family.;Ann Robinson;morning
Put Mickelson and Toms out there. You know, they had the morning off. They rested. Knowing them and the competitors that they are, they are probably a little angry that they weren't out there in the morning.;Hal Sutton;morning
If there was no Black Sabbath, I could still possibly be a morning newspaper delivery boy. No fun.;Lars Ulrich;morning
They put me on the shift where they thought I could do the least harm, midnight to eight in the morning. Although the hours were lousy, they were perfect for an apprentice reporter.;Andrea Mitchell;morning
Beauty, sweet love, is like the morning dew, Whose short refresh upon tender green, Cheers for a time, but till the sun doth show And straight is gone, as it had never been.;Samuel Daniel;morning
I have a family and two cats I get up with my kids early in the morning.;Vanna White;morning
My workout regimen at the moment is nonexistent. I wake up in the morning and brush my teeth. My toothbrush and deodorant are my only dumbbells. That's about it.;Josh Bowman;morning
You know what I like to do? I love waking up early, making them breakfast, taking them to school, having time in the morning with them. With six kids, it's like a reality show.;Allan Houston;morning
Nobody wakes up in the morning thinking, 'I'm a bad guy.' They think they're the right guy.;Ray Stevenson;morning
When I run in the morning, my body spends the first 20 minutes trying to figure out what's happening to it.;Danny Pudi;morning
I can't find my car keys in the morning. Trying to get out of my house is a nightmare. 'Where's my wallet? Where are my keys? I have to go find a missing person.';Anthony LaPaglia;morning
In this respect early youth is exactly like old age it is a time of waiting for a big trip to an unknown destination. The chief difference is that youth waits for the morning limited and age waits for the night train.;Bruce Catton;morning
The present moment is nice but it does not last. Living in it is like waiting in a junction town for the morning limited the junction may be interesting but some day you will have to leave it and you do not know where the limited will take you.;Bruce Catton;morning
I just enjoy life now. I just enjoy every morning I get to wake up.;Nas;morning
Four hours of makeup, and then an hour to take it off. It's tiring. I go in, I get picked up at two-thirty in the morning, I get there at three. I wait four hours, go through it, ready to work at seven, work all day long for twelve hours, and get it taken off for an hours, go home and go to sleep, and do the same thing again.;Peter Sarsgaard;morning
The reasons why I left were to do with my interest in Buddhism. There were experiences over a period of about six months which caused me to decide to give up music, so one morning I felt I had to go to E.G. Management and tell them.;Jamie Muir;morning
You wrestle one night, get up the next morning and fly out to the next city. You try to work out, you try to get some food into you and, lo and behold, you have to go work again. You are living out of a suitcase.;Bill Goldberg;morning
I run in the morning, lift weights in the afternoon, basketball training at night, and then lift weights again at night.;Lil' Romeo;morning
Between 2 and 3 in the morning of the 19th inst. I was aroused by the cry that the enemy was upon us.;Richard Francis Burton;morning
In Rio Bravo when Duke makes love to Feathers, the scene dissolves to the next morning where we see him putting on his vest and almost humming. It was subtle, but you knew what happened. Give me a towel and some blankets any day!;Angie Dickinson;morning
Change is tough, people don't like it, but it is necessary. Take two aspirins and call me in the morning.;Christopher Bond;morning
I like freedom. I wake up in the morning and say, 'I don't know, should I have a popsicle or a donut?' You know, who knows?;Oscar Nunez;morning
On tour, I'll get up at 5 p.m. and go to bed at 8 in the morning. With fishing, it's the exact opposite. Fishing is the only healthy thing I do. Touring is such a grind it's the opposite of healthy.;Dean Ween;morning
I didn't know that I could do a talk show. I didn't know that we could bring variety to daytime. I didn't know that people wanted to see singing, and dancing and comedy in the morning.;Wayne Brady;morning
That was my childhood. I grew up with the monks, studying Sanskrit and meditating for hours in the morning and hours in the evening, and going once a day to beg for food.;Satish Kumar;morning
I could wake up six in the morning, go downstairs and record. I learned how to use ProTools and everything. Whenever I felt it, I could record.;Beanie Sigel;morning
Before I go to bed at night, I ice my face, because it closes your pores and makes a difference in the morning.;Jasmine Tookes;morning
Everybody's after a new morning. What do we have to run up and salute tomorrow?;Robert Stone;morning
I was the first in my peer group to get pregnant. All I craved was reassurance. I needed someone to tell me that all the seemingly random symptoms I had - weird things, such as excess saliva - were normal. And I was worried because I wasn't getting any morning sickness.;Heidi Murkoff;morning
Taking pre-natal vitamins can minimise birth defects and can lower the chances both of morning sickness and premature delivery.;Heidi Murkoff;morning
I love classical music and often listen to symphonies or opera in the morning.;William Mapother;morning
No matter how bad things are, you can at least be happy that you woke up this morning.;D. L. Hughley;morning
I used to spend every morning in detention at my old school.;Jake Lloyd;morning
I'm a morning person because I learned to write my novels while still practicing law. I would get to the office at 6:30 a.m. and write until other people arrived, around 9. Now I still do that. I start at 6:30 or 7, and I'll write until 11, then take an hour off, then work until about 2 p.m. By then my brain has had enough.;Steve Berry;morning
I used to hear about guys who played saying how difficult it is getting up in the morning, and now I'm experiencing it those same effects.;Terrell Davis;morning
The newspaper is a marvelous medium. It is extraordinarily convenient and cheap. Let's see. This one cost 75 cents. Now that's a little high. I bought it when I was downtown this morning.;Harrison Salisbury;morning
The 6th of August in the morning we saw an opening in the land and we ran into it, and anchored in 7 and a half fathom water, 2 miles from the shore, clean sand.;William Dampier;morning
Well, he doesn't make me laugh. I think I've got a fair sense of humour but I can't really see it in him. I've listened to his show on the radio on a Saturday morning, and that's a load of mince as well.;Ian St. John;morning
Maxi dresses are also my best friend. They take me from my morning coffee, to the beach, to nighttime.;Hilary Rhoda;morning
At the end of the day, I don't need to work, and I think it's good that I have the drive and willpower to get up and do something in the morning even though I don't need to.;Petra Ecclestone;morning
How did we suddenly become entranced with gangster culture? I saw it this morning on campus. When did the black community say we should all look like criminals?;Tim Reid;morning
I'm a total protein shake junkie nerd. I get creative every morning - you never know what you're gonna get in my shake... fruit? Peanut butter? Ice-cream?;Christina Perri;morning
I love to be in my bathroom with my candles lit, morning, noon and night. I like taking hot baths and hot showers, using my body scrubs and lotions.;Traci Bingham;morning
Always get married in the morning. That way if it doesn't work out, you haven't wasted the whole day.;Mickey Rooney;morning
Our systems are all go. At 9:30 Monday morning trading will resume on both markets, and the message will be given to criminals who foisted this on America that they lost.;Richard Grasso;morning
If I'm on location on some island, we usually get up at four in the morning to set up. By seven thirty, we're on the beach working until noon, then we rest. It's not exactly a vacation.;Daniela Pestova;morning
When I get the morning report on security, I call those battalions in the regions where there are problems.;Alvaro Uribe;morning
Running clears my mind, and gives me a reason to get out of bed in the morning.;Ronnie O'Sullivan;morning
I like to wake up each morning feeling a new man.;Jean Harlow;morning
I'm pretty much a 9-to-5 kind of guy. I usually get to work about 8 in the morning, and I work until 4 or 5, and sometimes I work on Saturday and Sunday mornings. Pretty much I keep the same hours as an accountant or clerk or whatever.;Douglas Preston;morning
Man, if I made one million dollars I would come in at six in the morning, sweep the stands, wash the uniforms, clean out the office, manage the team and play the games.;Duke Snider;morning
You have to wake up a virgin each morning.;Jean-Louis Barrault;morning
For 50 years, acting was the reason I got up in the morning.;Jack Klugman;morning
You can be in Tokyo or Alberta at four in the morning in your hotel and you can still practice if you feel like it. A trombone cannot do that at four in the morning.;Toots Thielemans;morning
Remember that God under the Law ordained a Lamb to be offered up to Him every Morning and Evening.;Thomas Ken;morning
The cool thing about writing is that there is really never a typical day. Sometimes I get a rhythm going and head off to work every morning and come home at night. Sometimes I'll write for two days straight and then be utterly blank for the next two.;Patricia Briggs;morning
That's what keeps me up at three in the morning: Who's looking at reviews of Cabin Boy right now?;Chris Elliott;morning
I think it's probably best to work out in the morning to get it out of the way. My ultimate top tip is to drag yourself, even if you have to roll yourself out of your bed and in to a sit-up - it's really not that bad once you start.;Lily James;morning
The sound of the blades on the ice in the morning is like smelling fresh coffee.;Tara Lipinski;morning
New Orleans life is such a night life. The thing that comes up very often is that our day essentially doesn't start until midnight or 2 in the morning.;Robert Asprin;morning
I like to eat yogurt in the morning. It's easy and quick and available anywhere.;Maud Welzen;morning
I have a huge breakfast every morning because I never know if I'll have time for lunch, especially during Fashion Week. It keeps my mood positive all day. And my parents taught me to have tons of fruit and vegetables, which I think helps my skin.;Constance Jablonski;morning
I'm not really a morning person.;Steve Burton;morning
Another thing that's quite different in writing a book as a practicing newspaperman is that if you look at what you've written the next morning and you think you didn't get it quite right, you can fix it.;Adam Clymer;morning
It's a miserable life in Hollywood. You're up at five or six o'clock in the morning to be ready to start shooting at nine.;William Wyler;morning
I went to Morocco, joined a band called Pegasus, ran out of money, went to Gibraltar and worked on the docks, writing songs about the sun and the morning and the birds.;Graham Parker;morning
For the first-time novelist you've got to get up at 5:30 in the morning and write until 7, make breakfast and go to work. Or, come home and work for an hour. Everybody has an hour in their day somewhere.;Ridley Pearson;morning
The next morning we saw nothing of the enemy, though we were still lying to.;John Byng;morning
In a still hot morning, the tide went out and didn't come back in. This was not a spectacular event. The sea did not roll up like a scroll, like the sky in Revelations. It quietly withdrew.;Ruth Park;morning
My aunt had a season ticket for the Friday afternoon concerts, and I would go down for lessons. My lessons were Saturday morning.;Robert Ripley;morning
In a few days an officer came to our camp, under a flag of truce, and informed Hamilton, then a captain of artillery, but afterwards the aid of General Washington, that Captain Hale had been arrested within the British lines condemned as a spy, and executed that morning.;William Hull;morning
It doesn't much signify whom one marries, for one is sure to find next morning that it was someone else.;Samuel Rogers;morning
So far as I know, anything worth hearing is not usually uttered at seven o'clock in the morning and if it is, it will generally be repeated at a more reasonable hour for a larger and more wakeful audience.;Moss Hart;morning
I opened the large central window of my office room to its full on the fine early May morning. Then I stood for a few moments, breathing in the soft, warm air that was charged with the scent of white lilacs below.;Angus Wilson;morning
I work out twice a day, once in the morning and once before bed. I'll start with half an hour of running and then some yoga to stretch everything out so everything is warm.;Erin Heatherton;morning
I'm still going to do television. I'm just not going to do morning television. I would like to do some things that satisfy interests, private interests.;Bryant Gumbel;morning
I write in the morning, I walk in the afternoon and I read in the evening. It's a very easy, lovely life.;Margaret Forster;morning
He's got an overall flair for the game. It looks to me like he really loves what he does and he can't wait to get up in the morning, go hit some balls and go play.;Gary McCord;morning
I woke up on the plane this morning and was turning on my phone and I had to put my pin number in. That's when I realized that since the age of 10 I've been using 2012 as my pin number. But now that I've won gold in the 2012 Olympics, I've achieved that goal and, for the first time in 14 years, I'll have to change my pin.;Cameron van der Burgh;morning
