Gardeners are good at nurturing, and they have a great quality of patience, they're tender. They have to be persistent.;Ralph Fiennes;patience
The first requirement of politics is not intellect or stamina but patience. Politics is a very long run game and the tortoise will usually beat the hare.;John Major;patience
I think patience is a skill and I wish I had it.;David Duchovny;patience
Patience can't be acquired overnight. It is just like building up a muscle. Every day you need to work on it.;Eknath Easwaran;patience
There is no harm in patience, and no profit in lamentation. Death is easier to bear (than) that which precedes it, and more severe than that which comes after it. Remember the death of the Apostle of God, and your sorrow will be lessened.;Abu Bakr;patience
There is no substitute for hard work, 23 or 24 hours a day. And there is no substitute for patience and acceptance.;Cesar Chavez;patience
I can imagine few things more trying to the patience than the long wasted days of waiting.;Robert Falcon Scott;patience
I'm terrible with patience.;Katherine Heigl;patience
If I could have one prayer answered, I would pray for patience. I move so fast sometimes. I try to slow down.;Debra Winger;patience
A final word: I am not knowledgeable about the internet. I do not have a computer. I guess that at 74 years of age, I don't have the patience to learn.;David Wilkerson;patience
It's a war of attrition. If you have patience and a modicum of faith in yourself your chances are not too bad.;Julie Bowen;patience
A show that no one thought had a chance has just finished its fifth year: Charmed. I think it's tougher for the younger networks, so I think they have a little more patience for the sake of the show. But who knows?;Aaron Spelling;patience
I don't play pyrotechnic scales. I play about frustration, patience, anger. Music is an extension of my soul.;Dick Dale;patience
Only those who have patience to do simple things perfectly ever acquire the skill to do difficult things easily.;James J. Corbett;patience
There are very little things in this life I cannot afford and patience is one of them.;Larry Hagman;patience
Luck is a component that a lot of people in the arts sometimes fail to recognise: that you can have talent, perseverance, patience, but without luck you will not have a successful career.;Bryan Cranston;patience
A statesman wants courage and a statesman wants vision but believe me, after six months' experience, he wants first, second, third and all the time - patience.;Stanley Baldwin;patience
My mum told me to have patience. It's about realising that when things aren't going the way you want them to, or you don't have inspiration, it will come.;Vanessa Paradis;patience
It has taken a great deal of energy, which has not been so difficult to summon as the necessary patience to wait, simply wait much of the time - until my instincts assured me that I had assembled my materials in proper order for a final welding into their natural form.;Hart Crane;patience
So when I do Chinese cooking, I mix everything together, then the kids have to eat their vegetables. They won't have the patience to pick them out.;Martin Yan;patience
I believe there's too little patience and context to many of the investigations I read or see on television.;Bob Woodward;patience
Artists know that diligence counts as much, if not more, as inspiration in art, as in politics, patience counts as much as revolution.;Tony Kushner;patience
Temperamentally I'm not a natural producer, because I don't have the patience.;Damian Lewis;patience
You have to respect your parents. They are giving you an at-bat. If you're an entrepreneur and go into the family business, you want to grow fast. Patience is important. But respect the other party... My dad and I pulled it off because we really respect each other.;Gary Vaynerchuk;patience
Deliberately seek opportunities for kindness, sympathy, and patience.;Evelyn Underhill;patience
Everyone is given one gift, a reason for being, and it's our obligation to do something with it. Obviously, it's a challenge - but if you're not taking the bull by the horns, I have no patience for you. You're just taking up space.;Melissa Rosenberg;patience
We are telling the American people to have patience, courage, resolve and determination.;Muammar al-Gaddafi;patience
I think I have more patience now than I did in the past.;T. Boone Pickens;patience
Because I'm the author of my screenplays I know what I'm looking for. It's true that I can be stubborn in demanding that I get what I want, but it's also a question of working with patience and love.;Michael Haneke;patience
Patience was not my strong point.;Lauren Bacall;patience
Thank God my parents had an abundance of patience.;Lexa Doig;patience
One problem with age is that patience begins to ebb.;Carl Hiaasen;patience
My biggest weakness is patience, wanting to see things happen too quickly or get changes in place right away. Not having the patience to let things develop.;Paul Gleason;patience
I haven't been given many things, but I've been given ample, limitless patience.;Lincoln Diaz-Balart;patience
When you read about a car crash in which two or three youngsters are killed, do you pause to dwell on the amount of love and treasure and patience parents poured into bodies no longer suitable for open caskets?;Jim Bishop;patience
Patience was not something that came naturally to me, but in cooking it is the quintessential skill.;Gail Simmons;patience
Patience is the secret to good food.;Gail Simmons;patience
You know, I lose patience really easily I'd rather shop in the grocery store than in the department store. I can pick an apple like nobody's business.;Gail Simmons;patience
Republican patience with how unionism deals with the political institutions, and with key issues like equality and human rights, will be tested because, obviously, there will be a battle a day on these matters. So lets face up to all of this with our eyes wide open.;Gerry Adams;patience
You have to find the peace and patience within yourself to be a model and an example to others and not judge.;Judith Light;patience
God's way of answering the Christian's prayer for more patience, experience, hope and love often is to put him into the furnace of affliction.;Richard Cecil;patience
No, you're not allowed to be bossy when you're married. You have to learn compromise, and compassion and patience.;Star Jones;patience
People ask me a lot about the values I got from playing for the Cubs for so many years. The value I got out of it was patience. A lot of people these days are not very patient.;Ernie Banks;patience
I've worked so hard to eliminate the inner geek from my life. I suddenly realize I have no patience for those people who still have their geeks showing. Now I see why being 'normal' has been so important to me.;Kenny Loggins;patience
Honestly, I didn't have the patience for biology or history in an academic sense, but I always liked the kind of big questions.;Andrew Bird;patience
In this day and age, you need a lot of patience if you are in the movie business.;Brett Ratner;patience
When I was in the first grade I was afraid of the teacher and had a miserable time in the reading circle, a difficulty that was overcome by the loving patience of my second grade teacher. Even though I could read, I refused to do so.;Beverly Cleary;patience
Give your dog or cat respect, patience, understanding and love. And if you just change to one vegetarian day a week, that's a wonderful step that will save animal lives. It means you have chosen something kind instead of something cruel.;Ingrid Newkirk;patience
In movies, there are some things the French do that Americans are increasingly incapable of doing. One is honoring the complexities of youth. It's a quiet, difficult undertaking, requiring subtlety in a filmmaker and perception and patience from us.;Wesley Morris;patience
I have no patience at all.;Alan Sugar;patience
Writing is good, thinking is better. Cleverness is good, patience is better.;Herman Hesse;patience
The strong manly ones in life are those who understand the meaning of the word patience.;Tokugawa Ieyasu;patience
And we ask the American people to play an important part of our layered defense. We ask for cooperation, patience and a commitment to vigilance in the face of a determined enemy.;Janet Napolitano;patience
When I said a few weeks ago that our people would eat cooking oil and olives if necessary, I didn't mean that there really would be only oil and olives. What I meant was that our people have the necessary patience to endure the current difficult situation. Palestinians would rather do without certain food items than their national rights.;Ismail Haniyeh;patience
I don't have a lot of patience for boring arthouse movies.;Zoe Kazan;patience
We had great faith that with patience, understanding, and education, that my family and I could be helpful in changing their minds and attitudes around.;Ryan White;patience
Secretary of War Stanton used to get out of patience with Lincoln because he was all the time pardoning men who ought to be shot.;Elihu Root;patience
My advice to someone to follow in my footsteps is to have patience. I've been doing this for twelve years.;Christina Milian;patience
Now it is evident that a little insight into the customs of every people is necessary to insure a kindly communication this, joined with patience and kindness, will seldom fail with the natives of the interior.;Charles Sturt;patience
Sad Patience, too near neighbour to despair.;Matthew Arnold;patience
Work hard. And have patience. Because no matter who you are, you're going to get hurt in your career and you have to be patient to get through the injuries.;Randy Johnson;patience
Is the patience of the American people that long suffering? Is there no outrage left in the country?;Andrew Greeley;patience
I've said my patience is not infinite.;Darrell Issa;patience
True enough, nature has endowed me with a fair measure of patience and composure, yet I should be lying if I told you that, having seen the reporter off on his way to make his deadline, I fell peacefully asleep.;Leon Jouhaux;patience
My impression is that most women public service workers have a long fuse. Precisely because they care so deeply about services, more than anyone, they still want to find a sensible and fair negotiated agreement. But their patience has run out.;Frances O'Grady;patience
While it is true that Frank had a great sense of humor, he was also very serious about composing music. In reality there are only a handful of skilled players who can play his most complex pieces. It takes a lot of patience to learn and requires a fantastic memory.;Dweezil Zappa;patience
I think God's really blessed me with patience. I'm good with a lot of things going on at once.;Niki Taylor;patience
Patience is passion tamed.;Lyman Abbott;patience
I'm not really easy to live with! There needs to be unlimited patience and unconditional love. Men I've known before loved my independent spirit and were proud of my success, to the point that they'd become jealous of the time I devote to my career.;Milla Jovovich;patience
I have a huge respect for writers and realise that this is not an area that I find easy. I doubt that I would have the patience in front of a blank sheet of paper to become a writer.;Jenny Agutter;patience
My relationship with the Philharmonia Orchestra brought me many times to London and I will always reflect positively on that early period of development with them - their patience, their warmth, their dedication.;Gustavo Dudamel;patience
Everything is out there if you know how to find it, and have the patience. I don't and haven't, but that's my problem.;Tom Holt;patience
Reading a novel in which all characters illustrate patience, hard work, chastity, and delayed gratification could be a pretty dull experience.;Thomas Perry;patience
I pray they will carry on in spite of that dreadful monster prejudice, and with patience, courage, fortitude and perseverance achieve success for themselves.;Major Taylor;patience
Americans have less and less patience for the intrusive and divisive moral scolds who thrived in the bubbles of the Clinton and Bush years.;Frank Rich;patience
I've always been a person with patience, and I don't like to force things.;Harry Shum, Jr.;patience
It seems likely that many of the young who don't wait for others to call them artists, but simply announce that they are, don't have the patience to make art.;Pauline Kael;patience
Tolerance, compromise, understanding, acceptance, patience - I want those all to be very sharp tools in my shed.;Cee Lo Green;patience
Patience means restraining one's inclinations.;Tokugawa Ieyasu;patience
The patience of the American public with dilatory diplomatic delays will be very limited.;Tom Lantos;patience
I wish I was a shredder that could play everything, but I don't have the patience.;Dave Navarro;patience
There's not a lot of room anymore for what I call 'made-up' drama. The drama comes from real places now - marriage takes work and focus, the kid stuff takes patience and commitment. And if you don't grow as people and as a couple, within all of that, then you've got some real drama.;Jeremy Sisto;patience
Patience makes a women beautiful in middle age.;Elliot Paul;patience
I think the Iraqi people have shown extraordinary patience and courage in the last few months. They have really put a political system on the way to success, to a real democracy here.;Paul Bremer;patience
The very important thing you should have is patience.;Jack Ma;patience
Speaking from my experience as a person involved for a long time in building the European Union, it is important to have patience and efforts to build a community of nations.;Giorgio Napolitano;patience
My wife is the most awesome person in the universe. She's made this experience much less miserable for me, with her compassion, patience and understanding.;Wil Wheaton;patience
Patience has never been my strong suit.;Michael Chiklis;patience
Constant repetition of tongue-twisters was like lifting weights for me, but patience and persistence have paid off.;Nicholas Brendon;patience
Your patience would fail you if I should continue to relate all the disrespectful speeches and treatment which your servants have been obliged to listen to and patiently to bear.;Peter Stuyvesant;patience
To understand a difficult topic like Iraq takes patience and care. Unfortunately, you rarely hear a patient, careful or thoughtful discussion of intelligence these days.;George Tenet;patience
I've learned the importance of loving what you do. I have also learned more patience due to the nature of the music business.;Randy Travis;patience
I haven't got a lot of patience.;Jeffrey Katzenberg;patience
It's amazing. My kids have grown me in ways I never knew possible. The patience I've received and the love I get from them is just amazing.;Candace Cameron Bure;patience
Anyhow, a philosophical turn of thought now was not amiss, else one's patience would have given out almost at the harbour entrance. The term of her probation was eight days.;Joshua Slocum;patience
Patience is sorrow's salve.;Charles Churchill;patience
You know, writing is really difficult, and it takes a real patience and a skill. I don't know if I have that. I admire it in others, so much, and I envy it.;Adam Scott;patience
Beauty, unlike the rest of the gifts handed out at birth, does not require dedication, patience and hard work to pay off. But it's also the only gift that does not keep on giving.;Paulina Porizkova;patience
My three Ps: passion, patience, perseverance. You have to do this if you've got to be a filmmaker.;Robert Wise;patience
