The future has already arrived. It's just not evenly distributed yet.;William Gibson;wisdom
Wisdom begins at the end.;Daniel Webster;wisdom
Wisdom is knowing what to do next virtue is doing it.;David Starr Jordan;wisdom
It is astonishing with how little wisdom mankind can be governed, when that little wisdom is its own.;William Ralph Inge;wisdom
Wisdom is always an overmatch for strength.;Phil Jackson;wisdom
If you believe the doctors, nothing is wholesome if you believe the theologians, nothing is innocent if you believe the military, nothing is safe.;Lord Salisbury;wisdom
Counsel woven into the fabric of real life is wisdom.;Walter Benjamin;wisdom
Never does nature say one thing and wisdom another.;Juvenal;wisdom
The wisdom of the wise is an uncommon degree of common sense.;Dean Inge;wisdom
Virtues are acquired through endeavor, which rests wholly upon yourself.;Sidney Lanier;wisdom
You must learn day by day, year by year to broaden your horizon. The more things you love, the more you are interested in, the more you enjoy, the more you are indignant about, the more you have left when anything happens.;Ethel Barrymore;wisdom
Man's wisdom is his best friend folly his worst enemy.;William Temple;wisdom
Deliberately seek opportunities for kindness, sympathy, and patience.;Evelyn Underhill;wisdom
Few of the many wise apothegms which have been uttered have prevented a single foolish action.;Thomas B. Macaulay;wisdom
The day of fortune is like a harvest day, We must be busy when the corn is ripe.;Torquato Tasso;wisdom
Wisdom we know is the knowledge of good and evil, not the strength to choose between the two.;John Cheever;wisdom
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him.;Buddha;wisdom
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.;Reinhold Niebuhr;wisdom
Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too selfish to seek other than itself.;Khalil Gibran;wisdom
Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind. To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue.;Buddha;wisdom
Science investigates religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power religion gives man wisdom which is control.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;wisdom
The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while.;Albert Einstein;wisdom
Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children.;Khalil Gibran;wisdom
A loving heart is the truest wisdom.;Charles Dickens;wisdom
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.;Socrates;wisdom
I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be.;Thomas Jefferson;wisdom
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.;Jimi Hendrix;wisdom
Wisdom I know is social. She seeks her fellows. But Beauty is jealous, and illy bears the presence of a rival.;Thomas Jefferson;wisdom
I look forward to a great future for America - a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose.;John F. Kennedy;wisdom
So confident am I in the intentions, as well as wisdom, of the government, that I shall always be satisfied that what is not done, either cannot, or ought not to be done.;Thomas Jefferson;wisdom
Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom.;Francis Bacon;wisdom
It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err.;Mahatma Gandhi;wisdom
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.;Ludwig van Beethoven;wisdom
I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled poets to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean.;Socrates;wisdom
He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom to us by the awful grace of God.;Aeschylus;wisdom
Those who govern, having much business on their hands, do not generally like to take the trouble of considering and carrying into execution new projects. The best public measures are therefore seldom adopted from previous wisdom, but forced by the occasion.;Benjamin Franklin;wisdom
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.;Confucius;wisdom
Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge, for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain.;Khalil Gibran;wisdom
Before we acquire great power we must acquire wisdom to use it well.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;wisdom
There are three methods to gaining wisdom. The first is reflection, which is the highest. The second is limitation, which is the easiest. The third is experience, which is the bitterest.;Confucius;wisdom
The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;wisdom
Wisdom has its root in goodness, not goodness its root in wisdom.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;wisdom
The sum of wisdom is that time is never lost that is devoted to work.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;wisdom
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.;Isaac Asimov;wisdom
Excellence, then, is a state concerned with choice, lying in a mean, relative to us, this being determined by reason and in the way in which the man of practical wisdom would determine it.;Aristotle;wisdom
The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom.;Plato;wisdom
The virtue of justice consists in moderation, as regulated by wisdom.;Aristotle;wisdom
There is more wisdom in your body than in your deepest philosophy.;Friedrich Nietzsche;wisdom
Ignorance and bungling with love are better than wisdom and skill without.;Henry David Thoreau;wisdom
Where is the Life we have lost in living? Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?;T. S. Eliot;wisdom
The figure a poem makes. It begins in delight and ends in wisdom... in a clarification of life - not necessarily a great clarification, such as sects and cults are founded on, but in a momentary stay against confusion.;Robert Frost;wisdom
Raising children is an incredibly hard and risky business in which no cumulative wisdom is gained: each generation repeats the mistakes the previous one made.;Bill Cosby;wisdom
Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal, and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom.;Charles Spurgeon;wisdom
Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom.;Plato;wisdom
Tragedy is a tool for the living to gain wisdom, not a guide by which to live.;Robert Kennedy;wisdom
Follow your instincts. That's where true wisdom manifests itself.;Oprah Winfrey;wisdom
No party has a monopoly on wisdom. No democracy works without compromise. But when Governor Romney and his allies in Congress tell us we can somehow lower our deficit by spending trillions more on new tax breaks for the wealthy - well, you do the math. I refuse to go along with that. And as long as I'm President, I never will.;Barack Obama;wisdom
Democracy is a pathetic belief in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance.;H. L. Mencken;wisdom
There are three classes of men lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain.;Plato;wisdom
Cunning... is but the low mimic of wisdom.;Plato;wisdom
Data is not information, information is not knowledge, knowledge is not understanding, understanding is not wisdom.;Clifford Stoll;wisdom
Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences.;Plato;wisdom
Kisses are a better fate than wisdom.;e. e. cummings;wisdom
Most of our pocket wisdom is conceived for the use of mediocre people, to discourage them from ambitious attempts, and generally console them in their mediocrity.;Robert Louis Stevenson;wisdom
In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by.;Lucille Ball;wisdom
Few people have the wisdom to prefer the criticism that would do them good, to the praise that deceives them.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;wisdom
Who in their infinite wisdom decreed that Little League uniforms be white? Certainly not a mother.;Erma Bombeck;wisdom
But what is liberty without wisdom, and without virtue? It is the greatest of all possible evils for it is folly, vice, and madness, without tuition or restraint.;Edmund Burke;wisdom
God, give us grace to accept with serenity the things that cannot be changed, courage to change the things which should be changed and the wisdom to distinguish the one from the other.;Reinhold Niebuhr;wisdom
Perhaps religious conscience upsets the designs of those who feel that the highest wisdom and authority comes from government. But from the beginning, this nation trusted in God, not man. Religious liberty is the first freedom in our Constitution.;Mitt Romney;wisdom
Always keep your mind as bright and clear as the vast sky, the great ocean, and the highest peak, empty of all thoughts. Always keep your body filled with light and heat. Fill yourself with the power of wisdom and enlightenment.;Morihei Ueshiba;wisdom
Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance.;Francis of Assisi;wisdom
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.;Calvin Coolidge;wisdom
Women always excel men in that sort of wisdom which comes from experience. To be a woman is in itself a terrible experience.;H. L. Mencken;wisdom
Because in the school of the Spirit man learns wisdom through humility, knowledge by forgetting, how to speak by silence, how to live by dying.;Johannes Tauler;wisdom
Fear is the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty. To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.;Bertrand Russell;wisdom
And I love that even in the toughest moments, when we're all sweating it - when we're worried that the bill won't pass, and it seems like all is lost - Barack never lets himself get distracted by the chatter and the noise. Just like his grandmother, he just keeps getting up and moving forward... with patience and wisdom, and courage and grace.;Michelle Obama;wisdom
What we call wisdom is the result of all the wisdom of past ages. Our best institutions are like young trees growing upon the roots of the old trunks that have crumbled away.;Henry Ward Beecher;wisdom
War involves in its progress such a train of unforeseen circumstances that no human wisdom can calculate the end it has but one thing certain, and that is to increase taxes.;Thomas Paine;wisdom
Experience - the wisdom that enables us to recognise in an undesirable old acquaintance the folly that we have already embraced.;Ambrose Bierce;wisdom
The motto of chivalry is also the motto of wisdom to serve all, but love only one.;Honore de Balzac;wisdom
The wisdom of man never yet contrived a system of taxation that would operate with perfect equality.;Andrew Jackson;wisdom
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.;Plutarch;wisdom
Just as a cautious businessman avoids investing all his capital in one concern, so wisdom would probably admonish us also not to anticipate all our happiness from one quarter alone.;Sigmund Freud;wisdom
Wisdom allows nothing to be good that will not be so forever no man to be happy but he that needs no other happiness than what he has within himself no man to be great or powerful that is not master of himself.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;wisdom
We don't receive wisdom we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.;Marcel Proust;wisdom
We give advice, but we cannot give the wisdom to profit by it.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;wisdom
In order to have wisdom we must have ignorance.;Theodore Dreiser;wisdom
We are drowning in information, while starving for wisdom. The world henceforth will be run by synthesizers, people able to put together the right information at the right time, think critically about it, and make important choices wisely.;E. O. Wilson;wisdom
Wisdom does not show itself so much in precept as in life - in firmness of mind and a mastery of appetite. It teaches us to do as well as to talk and to make our words and actions all of a color.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;wisdom
Gray hairs are signs of wisdom if you hold your tongue, speak and they are but hairs, as in the young.;Rabindranath Tagore;wisdom
I do not believe in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance.;Thomas Carlyle;wisdom
The older I get the more wisdom I find in the ancient rule of taking first things first. A process which often reduces the most complex human problem to a manageable proportion.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;wisdom
In the long-run every Government is the exact symbol of its People, with their wisdom and unwisdom we have to say, Like People like Government.;Thomas Carlyle;wisdom
I learned some valuable lessons about the legislative process, the importance of bipartisan cooperation and the wisdom of taking small steps to get a big job done.;Hillary Clinton;wisdom
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;wisdom
Earthly wisdom is doing what comes naturally. Godly wisdom is doing what the Holy Spirit compels us to do.;Charles Stanley;wisdom
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.;Immanuel Kant;wisdom
Knowledge which is divorced from justice, may be called cunning rather than wisdom.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;wisdom
