There's something very beautiful and compelling about someone who has ambition and someone who knows what they want, but it can get a little frustrating at times, so I understand that. I have sympathy for that.;Michael Ealy;sympathy
Sympathy with nature is part of a good person's religion.;Francis Herbert Hedge;sympathy
I want the municipality to be a helping hand to the man with a desire of sympathy, to help the fallen when it is not in their power to help themselves.;John Burns;sympathy
My guitar was loud as hell, and I had no sympathy for anybody else.;Brownie McGhee;sympathy
California must be all American or all Chinese. We are resolved that it shall be American, and are prepared to make it so. May we not rely upon your sympathy and assistance?;Denis Kearney;sympathy
I think we lost a great deal of sympathy and support with the way in which the crisis was handled, most importantly I think when we appeared to be grasping for too much at one time instead of identifying our priorities in a much more responsible fashion.;Billy Tauzin;sympathy
I have to express sympathy from the bottom of my heart to those people who were taken as wartime comfort women. As a human being, I would like to express my sympathies, and also as prime minister of Japan I need to apologize to them.;Shinzo Abe;sympathy
You have to take strength from the people that love you and the people that love Barbara and the huge number of expressions of sympathy and compassion and support. That has been extremely moving.;Ted Olson;sympathy
You have to have sympathy for and an empathy with a character in order to play them.;Laura Carmichael;sympathy
This sympathy is not translated into force against the British government because it is not like the anti- apartheid movement which had a high profile here and Mandela is a more engaging figure than Yasser Arafat.;Tom Paulin;sympathy
It's hard for me to think of others because I'm not particularly in sympathy with the music of this century.;Alan Hovhaness;sympathy
I have great sympathy for people that are infertile, but a life is not something you can give away.;Mary Beth Whitehead;sympathy
Reasoned arguments and suggestions which make allowance for the full difficulties of the state of war that exists may help, and will always be listened to with respect and sympathy.;Stafford Cripps;sympathy
The professional must learn to be moved and touched emotionally, yet at the same time stand back objectively: I've seen a lot of damage done by tea and sympathy.;Anthony Storr;sympathy
I don't think it's an incredibly radical premise to try and have sympathy for someone who has made a mistake.;Joe Cornish;sympathy
IT is mere coincidence that Cooper was born in the year which produced The Power of Sympathy and that when he died Uncle Tom's Cabin was passing through its serial stage, and yet the limits of his life mark almost exactly the first great period of American fiction.;Carl Clinton Van Doren;sympathy
Okay, so, sometimes in life, I can be a score-keeper - someone who keeps track of what he gives and what he gets in return. An annoying quality, to say the least, and I'm sure my wife has your sympathy, but it's made me highly attuned to when and where credit is due.;Mark Feuerstein;sympathy
Women ought to feel a peculiar sympathy in the colored man's wrong, for, like him, she has been accused of mental inferiority, and denied the privileges of a liberal education.;Angelina Grimke;sympathy
More negatives write than call. It's a cheap shot for me to go on the air with the critical letters or E-mail I get because the reaction of the listeners is always an instantaneous expression of sympathy for me and contempt for the poor critic.;John Hall;sympathy
Teetotallers lack the sympathy and generosity of men that drink.;W. H. Davies;sympathy
There's a certain amount of sympathy here for the Bush administration's problem, which is they would like to get rid of Saddam Hussein and they would like to have the Kurds autonomous.;Les Aspin;sympathy
It is the right of our people to organize to oppose any law and any part of the Constitution with which they are not in sympathy.;Alfred E. Smith;sympathy
I didn't feel any remorse or sympathy if I injured a rival. I went over the top a few times but I never broke anyone's leg.;Peter Storey;sympathy
Captain Hale, alone, without sympathy or support, save that from above, on the near approach of death asked for a clergyman to attend him. It was refused. He then requested a Bible that too was refused by his inhuman jailer.;William Hull;sympathy
I have the greatest sympathy with the growth of the socialist party. I think they understand the evils that surround us and hammer them into people's minds better than we Liberals.;Charles Trevelyan;sympathy
I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind yet, strange, I am ungrateful to those teachers.;Khalil Gibran;teacher
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.;Albert Einstein;teacher
If I am walking with two other men, each of them will serve as my teacher. I will pick out the good points of the one and imitate them, and the bad points of the other and correct them in myself.;Confucius;teacher
You have to grow from the inside out. None can teach you, none can make you spiritual. There is no other teacher but your own soul.;Swami Vivekananda;teacher
I have come to believe that a great teacher is a great artist and that there are as few as there are any other great artists. Teaching might even be the greatest of the arts since the medium is the human mind and spirit.;John Steinbeck;teacher
Every child should have a caring adult in their lives. And that's not always a biological parent or family member. It may be a friend or neighbor. Often times it is a teacher.;Joe Manchin;teacher
What a blind person needs is not a teacher but another self.;Helen Keller;teacher
Everybody who is incapable of learning has taken to teaching.;Oscar Wilde;teacher
One looks back with appreciation to the brilliant teachers, but with gratitude to those who touched our human feelings. The curriculum is so much necessary raw material, but warmth is the vital element for the growing plant and for the soul of the child.;Carl Jung;teacher
Those who know how to think need no teachers.;Mahatma Gandhi;teacher
If you think your teacher is tough, wait until you get a boss. He doesn't have tenure.;Bill Gates;teacher
You can get help from teachers, but you are going to have to learn a lot by yourself, sitting alone in a room.;Dr. Seuss;teacher
The one exclusive sign of thorough knowledge is the power of teaching.;Aristotle;teacher
Most of us end up with no more than five or six people who remember us. Teachers have thousands of people who remember them for the rest of their lives.;Andy Rooney;teacher
There are two kinds of teachers: the kind that fill you with so much quail shot that you can't move, and the kind that just gives you a little prod behind and you jump to the skies.;Robert Frost;teacher
After all manner of professors have done their best for us, the place we are to get knowledge is in books. The true university of these days is a collection of books.;Albert Camus;teacher
The teacher is the one who gets the most out of the lessons, and the true teacher is the learner.;Elbert Hubbard;teacher
I had a terrible education. I attended a school for emotionally disturbed teachers.;Woody Allen;teacher
A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning.;Brad Henry;teacher
The dream begins with a teacher who believes in you, who tugs and pushes and leads you to the next plateau, sometimes poking you with a sharp stick called 'truth'.;Dan Rather;teacher
The smarter the journalists are, the better off society is. For to a degree, people read the press to inform themselves - and the better the teacher, the better the student body.;Warren Buffett;teacher
A teacher who is attempting to teach without inspiring the pupil with a desire to learn is hammering on cold iron.;Horace Mann;teacher
In a completely rational society, the best of us would be teachers and the rest of us would have to settle for something else.;Lee Iacocca;teacher
We spend the first twelve months of our children's lives teaching them to walk and talk and the next twelve telling them to sit down and shut up.;Phyllis Diller;teacher
I do not believe there is a problem in this country or the world today which could not be settled if approached through the teaching of the Sermon on the Mount.;Harry S. Truman;teacher
When I am able to resist the temptation to judge others, I can see them as teachers of forgiveness in my life, reminding me that I can only have peace of mind when I forgive rather than judge.;Gerald Jampolsky;teacher
I like a teacher who gives you something to take home to think about besides homework.;Lily Tomlin;teacher
Teaching is the only major occupation of man for which we have not yet developed tools that make an average person capable of competence and performance. In teaching we rely on the 'naturals,' the ones who somehow know how to teach.;Peter Drucker;teacher
What we become depends on what we read after all of the professors have finished with us. The greatest university of all is a collection of books.;Thomas Carlyle;teacher
A teacher is a person who never says anything once.;Howard Nemerov;teacher
I am indebted to my father for living, but to my teacher for living well.;Alexander the Great;teacher
None of us got where we are solely by pulling ourselves up by our bootstraps. We got here because somebody - a parent, a teacher, an Ivy League crony or a few nuns - bent down and helped us pick up our boots.;Thurgood Marshall;teacher
Study how water flows in a valley stream, smoothly and freely between the rocks. Also learn from holy books and wise people. Everything - even mountains, rivers, plants and trees - should be your teacher.;Morihei Ueshiba;teacher
Take away paradox from the thinker and you have a professor.;Soren Kierkegaard;teacher
Every bit of me is devoted to love and art. And I aspire to try to be a teacher to my young fans who feel just like I felt when I was younger. I just felt like a freak. I guess what I'm trying to say is I'm trying to liberate them, I want to free them of their fears and make them feel that they can make their own space in the world.;Lady Gaga;teacher
A teacher who is not dogmatic is simply a teacher who is not teaching.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;teacher
A professor is someone who talks in someone else's sleep.;W. H. Auden;teacher
Excellence is a better teacher than mediocrity. The lessons of the ordinary are everywhere. Truly profound and original insights are to be found only in studying the exemplary.;Warren G. Bennis;teacher
I cannot emphasize enough the importance of a good teacher.;Temple Grandin;teacher
The whole art of teaching is only the art of awakening the natural curiosity of young minds for the purpose of satisfying it afterwards.;Anatole France;teacher
A good teacher, like a good entertainer first must hold his audience's attention, then he can teach his lesson.;John Henrik Clarke;teacher
Only one person in a million becomes enlightened without a teacher's help.;Bodhidharma;teacher
Those who have no record of what their forebears have accomplished lose the inspiration which comes from the teaching of biography and history.;Carter G. Woodson;teacher
The doctrine of the Kingdom of Heaven, which was the main teaching of Jesus, is certainly one of the most revolutionary doctrines that ever stirred and changed human thought.;H. G. Wells;teacher
Police and firefighters are great, but they don't create wealth. They protect it. That's crucial. Teaching is a wonderful profession. Teachers help educate people to become good citizens so that citizens can then go create wealth. But they don't create the wealth themselves.;Rush Limbaugh;teacher
Let's reintroduce corporal punishment in the schools - and use it on the teachers.;P. J. O'Rourke;teacher
Failure is a great teacher, and I think when you make mistakes and you recover from them and you treat them as valuable learning experiences, then you've got something to share.;Steve Harvey;teacher
I saw as a teacher how, if you take that spark of learning that those children have, and you ignite it, you can take a child from any background to a lifetime of creativity and accomplishment.;Paul Wellstone;teacher
We can teach a lot of things, but if the teacher can't relate by talking to a group of friendly students, he'll never be a competent teacher.;William Glasser;teacher
Prosperity is a great teacher adversity a greater.;William Hazlitt;teacher
In America the schools have become too permissive, the kids now are controlling the schools, the tail is wagging the dog. We've got to make a change there and get it back to where the teachers have control of the classrooms.;Chuck Norris;teacher
A teacher affects eternity he can never tell where his influence stops.;Henry Adams;teacher
A true teacher defends his students against his own personal influences.;Amos Bronson Alcott;teacher
Please stop teaching my children that everyone gets a trophy just for participating. What is this, the Nobel Prize? Not everybody gets a trophy.;Glenn Beck;teacher
Education is the key to success in life, and teachers make a lasting impact in the lives of their students.;Solomon Ortiz;teacher
It is the malady of our age that the young are so busy teaching us that they have no time left to learn.;Eric Hoffer;teacher
Your best teacher is your last mistake.;Ralph Nader;teacher
Teachers can change lives with just the right mix of chalk and challenges.;Joyce Meyer;teacher
The best teacher is the one who suggests rather than dogmatizes, and inspires his listener with the wish to teach himself.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;teacher
Advice is sometimes transmitted more successfully through a joke than grave teaching.;Baltasar Gracian;teacher
The most important part of teaching is to teach what it is to know.;Simone Weil;teacher
We discovered that education is not something which the teacher does, but that it is a natural process which develops spontaneously in the human being.;Maria Montessori;teacher
For the longest time, you just sound like a broken record, but you have to be consistent when teaching kids.;Heidi Klum;teacher
Teachers believe they have a gift for giving it drives them with the same irrepressible drive that drives others to create a work of art or a market or a building.;A. Bartlett Giamatti;teacher
I would suggest that teachers show their students concrete examples of the negative effects of the actions that gangsta rappers glorify.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;teacher
A self-taught man usually has a poor teacher and a worse student.;Henny Youngman;teacher
Suffering is one of life's great teachers.;Bryant H. McGill;teacher
The world of knowledge takes a crazy turn when teachers themselves are taught to learn.;Bertolt Brecht;teacher
It is by teaching that we teach ourselves, by relating that we observe, by affirming that we examine, by showing that we look, by writing that we think, by pumping that we draw water into the well.;Henri Frederic Amiel;teacher
When I was in junior high school, the teachers voted me the student most likely to end up in the electric chair.;Sylvester Stallone;teacher
History is Philosophy teaching by example.;Thucydides;teacher
When people lack teachers, their tendencies are not corrected when they do not have ritual and moral principles, then their lawlessness is not controlled.;Xun Zi;teacher
A teacher must believe in the value and interest of his subject as a doctor believes in health.;Gilbert Highet;teacher
I never had to learn English, French and German because I was brought up as all three languages. I had a private French teacher before I even went to school. That helped a lot.;Karl Lagerfeld;teacher
