When I was 20, I thought I was 30 - but I was so far from it. When you're young, you want everything to happen now. As you mature, you can look back and see all the great things you achieved with time and patience.;Elisha Cuthbert;great
I really think that there was a great advantage in many ways to being a woman. I think we are a lot better at personal relationships, and then have the capability obviously of telling it like it is when it's necessary.;Madeleine Albright;great
I don't get angry very often. I lose my temper rarely. And when I do, there's always a legitimate cause. Normally I have a great lightness of being. I take things in a very happy, amused way.;Julia Roberts;great
If you do build a great experience, customers tell each other about that. Word of mouth is very powerful.;Jeff Bezos;great
I wanted to learn everything I could about what it takes to be a great chef. It was a turning point for me.;Thomas Keller;great
It is of great use to the sailor to know the length of his line, though he cannot with it fathom all the depths of the ocean.;John Locke;great
There have been two great accidents in my life. One was the trolley, and the other was Diego. Diego was by far the worst.;Frida Kahlo;great
I can relate to having those people in your life that you feel are moving on to this great, big, normal life and you're like, 'What's wrong with me?';Kristen Wiig;great
The lure of the distant and the difficult is deceptive. The great opportunity is where you are.;John Burroughs;great
When a man laughs at his troubles he loses a great many friends. They never forgive the loss of their prerogative.;Francis Bacon;great
The philosopher has never killed any priests, whereas the priest has killed a great many philosophers.;Denis Diderot;great
Police and firefighters are great, but they don't create wealth. They protect it. That's crucial. Teaching is a wonderful profession. Teachers help educate people to become good citizens so that citizens can then go create wealth. But they don't create the wealth themselves.;Rush Limbaugh;great
Don't get involved in partial problems, but always take flight to where there is a free view over the whole single great problem, even if this view is still not a clear one.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;great
The Bible must be considered as the great source of all the truth by which men are to be guided in government as well as in all social transactions.;Noah Webster;great
There is no absurdity so palpable but that it may be firmly planted in the human head if you only begin to inculcate it before the age of five, by constantly repeating it with an air of great solemnity.;Arthur Schopenhauer;great
The digital camera is a great invention because it allows us to reminisce. Instantly.;Demetri Martin;great
Idle people are often bored and bored people, unless they sleep a lot, are cruel. It is not accident that boredom and cruelty are great preoccupations in our time.;Renata Adler;great
The great questions of the day will not be settled by means of speeches and majority decisions but by iron and blood.;Otto von Bismarck;great
I try something new every night. It's an hour show if it works I maybe try it a few more times and then move that off and try something new. It's a great workshop for me.;Kate Clinton;great
No human being, however great, or powerful, was ever so free as a fish.;John Ruskin;great
No person who is not a great sculptor or painter can be an architect. If he is not a sculptor or painter, he can only be a builder.;John Ruskin;great
If you don't die of thirst, there are blessings in the desert. You can be pulled into limitlessness, which we all yearn for, or you can do the beauty of minutiae, the scrimshaw of tiny and precise. The sky is your ocean, and the crystal silence will uplift you like great gospel music, or Neil Young.;Anne Lamott;great
He that has a great nose, thinks everybody is speaking of it.;Thomas Fuller;great
Let's face it - think of Africa, and the first images that come to mind are of war, poverty, famine and flies. How many of us really know anything at all about the truly great ancient African civilizations, which in their day, were just as splendid and glorious as any on the face of the earth?;Henry Louis Gates;great
Television could perform a great service in mass education, but there's no indication its sponsors have anything like this on their minds.;Tallulah Bankhead;great
It does not matter much whom we live with in this world, but it matters a great deal whom we dream of.;Willa Cather;great
Advertising ministers to the spiritual side of trade. It is great power that has been entrusted to your keeping which charges you with the high responsibility of inspiring and ennobling the commercial world. It is all part of the greater work of the regeneration and redemption of mankind.;Calvin Coolidge;great
I see humanity now as one vast plant, needing for its highest fulfillment only love, the natural blessings of the great outdoors, and intelligent crossing and selection.;Luther Burbank;great
What's great about this country is that America started the tradition where the richest consumers buy essentially the same things as the poorest.;Andy Warhol;great
It's great to be here. It's great to be anywhere.;Keith Richards;great
India is the meeting place of the religions and among these Hinduism alone is by itself a vast and complex thing, not so much a religion as a great diversified and yet subtly unified mass of spiritual thought, realization and aspiration.;Sri Aurobindo;great
It is great to be a blonde. With low expectations it's very easy to surprise people.;Pamela Anderson;great
In Britain, like most of the developed world, stem-cell research is regarded as a great opportunity. America will be left behind if it doesn't change policy.;Stephen Hawking;great
The great nations have always acted like gangsters, and the small nations like prostitutes.;Stanley Kubrick;great
We do not look in our great cities for our best morality.;Jane Austen;great
There can be no equality or opportunity if men and women and children be not shielded in their lives from the consequences of great industrial and social processes which they cannot alter, control, or singly cope with.;Woodrow Wilson;great
The great tragedy of science - the slaying of a beautiful hypothesis by an ugly fact.;Thomas Huxley;great
What is wonderful about great literature is that it transforms the man who reads it towards the condition of the man who wrote.;E. M. Forster;great
If I had my way, if I was lucky enough, if I could be on the brink my entire life - that great sense of expectation and excitement without the disappointment - that would be the perfect state.;Cate Blanchett;great
The years like great black oxen tread the world, and God, the herdsman goads them on behind, and I am broken by their passing feet.;William Butler Yeats;great
For there is no defense for a man who, in the excess of his wealth, has kicked the great altar of Justice out of sight.;Aeschylus;great
Those who aim at great deeds must also suffer greatly.;Plutarch;great
Let us develop the resources of our land, call forth its powers, build up its institutions, promote all its great interests, and see whether we also, in our day and generation, may not perform something worthy to be remembered.;W. Somerset Maugham;great
There is a great deal of pain in life and perhaps the only pain that can be avoided is the pain that comes from trying to avoid pain.;R. D. Laing;great
Music is the fourth great material want, first food, then clothes, then shelter, then music.;Christian Nestell Bovee;great
Great moments are born from great oppurtunities.;Herb Brooks;great
The internet is a great way to get on the net.;Bob Dole;great
The great difficulty in education is to get experience out of ideas.;George Santayana;great
Life should be great rather than long.;B. R. Ambedkar;great
High moral character is not a precondition for great moral accomplishments.;Christopher Hitchens;great
He who attends to his greater self becomes a great man, and he who attends to his smaller self becomes a small man.;Mencius;great
The great thing about being a print journalist is that you are permitted to duck. Cameramen get killed while the writers are flat on the floor. A war correspondent for the BBC dedicated his memoir to 50 fallen colleagues, and I guarantee you they were all taking pictures. I am only alive because I am such a chicken.;P. J. O'Rourke;great
No great movement designed to change the world can bear to be laughed at or belittled. Mockery is a rust that corrodes all it touches.;Milan Kundera;great
Hubris is one of the great renewable resources.;P. J. O'Rourke;great
Just hit my 75th birthday, I'm feeling great!;Colin Powell;great
The mark of a great player is in his ability to come back. The great champions have all come back from defeat.;Sam Snead;great
I have a great mind to believe in Christianity for the mere pleasure of fancying I may be damned.;Lord Byron;great
Women who marry early are often overly enamored of the kind of man who looks great in wedding pictures and passes the maid of honor his telephone number.;Anna Quindlen;great
Until you're ready to look foolish, you'll never have the possibility of being great.;Cher;great
By and large, mothers and housewives are the only workers who do not have regular time off. They are the great vacationless class.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;great
You've got to be ready to be in a great relationship.;Billy Corgan;great
To me, acting is the most logical way for people's neuroses to manifest themselves, in this great need we all have to express ourselves.;James Dean;great
I hope that no more groans of wounded men and women will ever go to the ear of the Great Spirit Chief above, and that all people may be one people.;Chief Joseph;great
I don't think actors should ever expect to get a role, because the disappointment is too great. You've got to think of things as an opportunity. An audition's an opportunity to have an audience.;Al Pacino;great
Few enterprises of great labor or hazard would be undertaken if we had not the power of magnifying the advantages we expect from them.;Samuel Johnson;great
I'm beginning to understand myself. But it would have been great to be able to understand myself when I was 20 rather than when I was 82.;Dave Brubeck;great
Leisure and curiosity might soon make great advances in useful knowledge, were they not diverted by minute emulation and laborious trifles.;Samuel Johnson;great
Well I think they broke the mould when they made me and being humble is one of my great assets.;Larry Hagman;great
A am a great friend of public amusements, they keep people from vice.;Samuel Johnson;great
I have always considered it as treason against the great republic of human nature, to make any man's virtues the means of deceiving him.;Samuel Johnson;great
No man was ever great by imitation.;Samuel Johnson;great
I've got the greatest job in the world. There's no other job in government where cause and effect is so tightly coupled where you can make a difference every day in so many different ways and in so many different people's lives. It's a great challenge.;Michael Bloomberg;great
The way of the Creative works through change and transformation, so that each thing receives its true nature and destiny and comes into permanent accord with the Great Harmony: this is what furthers and what perseveres.;Alexander Pope;great
It's wonderful to be here in the great state of Chicago.;Dan Quayle;great
The great man is he who does not lose his child's-heart.;Mencius;great
To know how to grow old is the master work of wisdom, and one of the most difficult chapters in the great art of living.;Herman Melville;great
In America, the race goes to the loud, the solemn, the hustler. If you think you're a great writer, you must say that you are.;Gore Vidal;great
Attachment is the great fabricator of illusions reality can be attained only by someone who is detached.;Simone Weil;great
Our attitudes control our lives. Attitudes are a secret power working twenty-four hours a day, for good or bad. It is of paramount importance that we know how to harness and control this great force.;Irving Berlin;great
I don't have perfect teeth, I'm not stick thin. I want to be the person who feels great in her body and can say that she loves it and doesn't want to change anything.;Emma Watson;great
Religion has done love a great service by making it a sin.;Anatole France;great
There is only one home to the life of a river-mussel there is only one home to the life of a tortoise there is only one shell to the soul of man: there is only one world to the spirit of our race. If that world leaves its course and smashes on boulders of the great void, whose world will give us shelter?;Wole Soyinka;great
The great thing in the world is not so much to seek happiness as to earn peace and self-respect.;Thomas Huxley;great
I protest that if some great Power would agree to make me always think what is true and do what is right, on condition of being turned into a sort of clock and would up every morning before I got out of bed, I should instantly close with the offer.;Thomas Huxley;great
My own dreams fortunately came true in this great state. I became Mr. Universe I became a successful businessman. And even though some people say I still speak with a slight accent, I have reached the top of the acting profession.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;great
I love what I do. I take great pride in what I do. And I can't do something halfway, three-quarters, nine-tenths. If I'm going to do something, I go all the way.;Tom Cruise;great
In many respects, the United States is a great country. Freedom of speech is protected more than in any other country. It is also a very free society.;Noam Chomsky;great
Curiosity is one of the great secrets of happiness.;Bryant H. McGill;great
All the arguments which are brought to represent poverty as no evil show it evidently to be a great evil.;Samuel Johnson;great
There are goods so opposed that we cannot seize both, but, by too much prudence, may pass between them at too great a distance to reach either.;Samuel Johnson;great
He who waits to do a great deal of good at once will never do anything.;Samuel Johnson;great
I will always listen to my coaches. But first I listen to my body. If what they tell me suits my body, great. If my body doesn't feel good with what they say, then always my body comes first.;Haile Gebrselassie;great
Small debts are like small shot they are rattling on every side, and can scarcely be escaped without a wound: great debts are like cannon of loud noise, but little danger.;Samuel Johnson;great
I'm surrounded by nothing but great people. I've been blessed with that, so really, I've got no choice but to be an all-around good person.;Tim Duncan;great
There is nothing, Sir, too little for so little a creature as man. It is by studying little things that we attain the great art of having as little misery and as much happiness as possible.;Samuel Johnson;great
They never fail who die in a great cause.;Lord Byron;great
A mediocre idea that generates enthusiasm will go further than a great idea that inspires no one.;Mary Kay Ash;great
And that is the reason why this victory is great, because different players have made contributions to the win.;Sachin Tendulkar;great
Failure is a great teacher, and I think when you make mistakes and you recover from them and you treat them as valuable learning experiences, then you've got something to share.;Steve Harvey;great
