The reason why worry kills more people than work is that more people worry than work.;Robert Frost;work
I like the challenge of trying different things and wondering whether it's going to work or whether I'm going to fall flat on my face.;Johnny Depp;work
Believe in yourself, and the rest will fall into place. Have faith in your own abilities, work hard, and there is nothing you cannot accomplish.;Brad Henry;work
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job.;Jim Rohn;work
Live your life, do your work, then take your hat.;Henry David Thoreau;work
If it is surely the means to the highest end we know, can any work be humble or disgusting? Will it not rather be elevating as a ladder, the means by which we are translated?;Henry David Thoreau;work
The worst disease which can afflict executives in their work is not, as popularly supposed, alcoholism it's egotism.;Robert Frost;work
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.;Elbert Hubbard;work
Four things for success: work and pray, think and believe.;Norman Vincent Peale;work
I look back on my life like a good day's work, it was done and I am satisfied with it.;Grandma Moses;work
I want to be thoroughly used up when I die, for the harder I work the more I live. I rejoice in life for its own sake.;George Bernard Shaw;work
Never permit a dichotomy to rule your life, a dichotomy in which you hate what you do so you can have pleasure in your spare time. Look for a situation in which your work will give you as much happiness as your spare time.;Pablo Picasso;work
Our fatigue is often caused not by work, but by worry, frustration and resentment.;Dale Carnegie;work
A relationship requires a lot of work and commitment.;Greta Scacchi;work
The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender.;Vince Lombardi;work
When Thomas Edison worked late into the night on the electric light, he had to do it by gas lamp or candle. I'm sure it made the work seem that much more urgent.;George Carlin;work
No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.;Alan Watts;work
Being a child at home alone in the summer is a high-risk occupation. If you call your mother at work thirteen times an hour, she can hurt you.;Erma Bombeck;work
And where I excel is ridiculous, sickening, work ethic. You know, while the other guy's sleeping? I'm working.;Will Smith;work
The most fundamental fact about the ideas of the political left is that they do not work. Therefore we should not be surprised to find the left concentrated in institutions where ideas do not have to work in order to survive.;Thomas Sowell;work
It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things.;Theodore Roosevelt;work
How do you go from where you are to where you wanna be? And I think you have to have an enthusiasm for life. You have to have a dream, a goal. And you have to be willing to work for it.;Jim Valvano;work
The highest reward that God gives us for good work is the ability to do better work.;Elbert Hubbard;work
Good leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people.;John D. Rockefeller;work
I put my heart and my soul into my work, and have lost my mind in the process.;Vincent Van Gogh;work
I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun.;Thomas A. Edison;work
I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe. It will not always get you to the top, but should get you pretty near.;Margaret Thatcher;work
It's not the tools that you have faith in - tools are just tools. They work, or they don't work. It's people you have faith in or not. Yeah, sure, I'm still optimistic I mean, I get pessimistic sometimes but not for long.;Steve Jobs;work
We're going to shoot one Polaroid per show. I'm going to sign this before it even develops because I know that once it develops with my signature on it, it's worth a fortune. I'll make this a work of magic warlock art.;Charlie Sheen;work
It is not sufficient to see and to know the beauty of a work. We must feel and be affected by it.;Voltaire;work
I try to be known more for my work than for anything else.;Charlie Sheen;work
People say you have to work on your resentments. Yeah, no, I'm gonna hang onto them and they're gonna fuel my attack.;Charlie Sheen;work
Any man today who returns from work, sinks into a chair, and calls for his pipe is a man with an appetite for danger.;Bill Cosby;work
The people who are doing the work are the moving force behind the Macintosh. My job is to create a space for them, to clear out the rest of the organization and keep it at bay.;Steve Jobs;work
I am only an average man but, by George, I work harder at it than the average man.;Theodore Roosevelt;work
My grandfather once told me that there were two kinds of people: those who do the work and those who take the credit. He told me to try to be in the first group there was much less competition.;Indira Gandhi;work
One and one is two, and two and two is four, and five will get you ten if you know how to work it.;Mae West;work
When you play, play hard when you work, don't play at all.;Theodore Roosevelt;work
Leave it as it is. The ages have been at work on it and man can only mar it.;Theodore Roosevelt;work
The more that learn to read the less learn how to make a living. That's one thing about a little education. It spoils you for actual work. The more you know the more you think somebody owes you a living.;Will Rogers;work
If you believe in what you are doing, then let nothing hold you up in your work. Much of the best work of the world has been done against seeming impossibilities. The thing is to get the work done.;Dale Carnegie;work
If I went to work in a factory the first thing I'd do is join a union.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;work
And I remember going to the record studio and there was a park across the street and I'd see all the children playing and I would cry because it would make me sad that I would have to work instead.;Michael Jackson;work
Talent in cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.;Stephen King;work
Focused, hard work is the real key to success. Keep your eyes on the goal, and just keep taking the next step towards completing it. If you aren't sure which way to do something, do it both ways and see which works better.;John Carmack;work
The three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are: Hard work, Stick-to-itiveness, and Common sense.;Thomas A. Edison;work
The beginning is the most important part of the work.;Plato;work
Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus.;Alexander Graham Bell;work
No man ever got very high by pulling other people down. The intelligent merchant does not knock his competitors. The sensible worker does not work those who work with him. Don't knock your friends. Don't knock your enemies. Don't knock yourself.;Alfred Lord Tennyson;work
Just as man can't exist without his body, so no rights can exist without the right to translate one's rights into reality, to think, to work and keep the results, which means: the right of property.;Ayn Rand;work
People might not get all they work for in this world, but they must certainly work for all they get.;Frederick Douglass;work
It's said in Hollywood that you should always forgive your enemies - because you never know when you'll have to work with them.;Lana Turner;work
I spent my whole life in the private sector, 25 years in the private sector. I understand that when government takes more money out of the hands of people, it makes it more difficult for them to buy things. If they can't buy things, the economy doesn't grow. If the economy doesn't grow, we don't put Americans to work.;Mitt Romney;work
People from both political parties have long recognized that welfare without work creates negative incentives that lead to permanent poverty. It robs people of self-esteem.;Mitt Romney;work
We must cultivate our own garden. When man was put in the garden of Eden he was put there so that he should work, which proves that man was not born to rest.;Voltaire;work
The greatest humiliation in life, is to work hard on something from which you expect great appreciation, and then fail to get it.;E. W. Howe;work
I never did anything worth doing by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident they came by work.;Plato;work
Change yourself and your work will seem different.;Norman Vincent Peale;work
The greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work.;Michael Jackson;work
Disneyland is a work of love. We didn't go into Disneyland just with the idea of making money.;Walt Disney;work
Success in its highest and noblest form calls for peace of mind and enjoyment and happiness which come only to the man who has found the work that he likes best.;Napoleon Hill;work
Tommy Lee Jones is hilarious. I would say, if you look at the body of his work, the character he is most like is the one in 'The Fugitive.' That's how he talks and jokes. That is the type of energy he has.;Will Smith;work
Surround yourself with people who take their work seriously, but not themselves, those who work hard and play hard.;Colin Powell;work
Read the Bible. Work hard and honestly. And don't complain.;Billy Graham;work
I paint mostly from real life. It has to start with that. Real people, real street scenes, behind the curtain scenes, live models, paintings, photographs, staged setups, architecture, grids, graphic design. Whatever it takes to make it work.;Bob Dylan;work
What I know is, is that if you do work that you love, and the work fulfills you, the rest will come.;Oprah Winfrey;work
Business and growing jobs is about taking risk, sometimes failing, sometimes succeeding, but always striving. It is about dreams. Usually, it doesn't work out exactly as you might have imagined. Steve Jobs was fired at Apple. He came back and changed the world.;Mitt Romney;work
It is utterly false and cruelly arbitrary to put all the play and learning into childhood, all the work into middle age, and all the regrets into old age.;Margaret Mead;work
Liberty doesn't work as well in practice as it does in speeches.;Will Rogers;work
Most of what we call management consists of making it difficult for people to get their work done.;Peter Drucker;work
You grow up a bit damaged or broken then you have some success but you don't know how to feel good about the work you're doing or the life you're leading.;Johnny Depp;work
As a housewife, I feel that if the kids are still alive when my husband gets home from work, then hey, I've done my job.;Roseanne Barr;work
I learned the value of hard work by working hard.;Margaret Mead;work
You reach a point where you don't work for money.;Walt Disney;work
If you have a success you have it for the wrong reasons. If you become popular it is always because of the worst aspects of your work.;Ernest Hemingway;work
Luck? I don't know anything about luck. I've never banked on it and I'm afraid of people who do. Luck to me is something else: Hard work - and realizing what is opportunity and what isn't.;Lucille Ball;work
Take off your bedroom slippers. Put on your marching shoes,' he said, his voice rising as applause and cheers mounted. 'Shake it off. Stop complainin'. Stop grumblin'. Stop cryin'. We are going to press on. We have work to do.;Barack Obama;work
I love my family very much. I wish I could see them a little more often than I do. But we understand because we're a show business family and we all work.;Michael Jackson;work
John Kerry believes in an America where hard work is rewarded.;Barack Obama;work
Those who cannot work with their hearts achieve but a hollow, half-hearted success that breeds bitterness all around.;Abdul Kalam;work
If you start by promising what you don't even have yet, you'll lose your desire to work towards getting it.;Paulo Coelho;work
The flowery style is not unsuitable to public speeches or addresses, which amount only to compliment. The lighter beauties are in their place when there is nothing more solid to say but the flowery style ought to be banished from a pleading, a sermon, or a didactic work.;Voltaire;work
Now we're in the midst of not just advocating for change, not just calling for change - we're doing the grinding, sometimes frustrating work of delivering change - inch by inch, day by day.;Barack Obama;work
I never did anything by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident they came by work.;Thomas A. Edison;work
If my kid couldn't draw I'd make sure that my kitchen magnets didn't work.;Mitch Hedberg;work
If I am elected President of these United States, I will work with all my energy and soul to restore that America, to lift our eyes to a better future. That future is our destiny. That future is out there. It is waiting for us. Our children deserve it, our nation depends upon it, the peace and freedom of the world require it.;Mitt Romney;work
Lazy people tend not to take chances, but express themselves by tearing down other's work.;Ann Rule;work
I would put our legislative and foreign policy accomplishments in our first two years against any president - with the possible exceptions of Johnson, FDR, and Lincoln - just in terms of what we've gotten done in modern history. But, you know, but when it comes to the economy, we've got a lot more work to do. And we're gonna keep on at it.;Barack Obama;work
Work is of two kinds: first, altering the position of matter at or near the earth's surface relative to other matter second, telling other people to do so.;Bertrand Russell;work
Everyone enjoys doing the kind of work for which he is best suited.;Napoleon Hill;work
Keep your dreams alive. Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself, vision, hard work, determination, and dedication. Remember all things are possible for those who believe.;Gail Devers;work
For disappearing acts, it's hard to beat what happens to the eight hours supposedly left after eight of sleep and eight of work.;Doug Larson;work
My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram, or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere. But I abhor the dull routine of existence. I crave for mental exaltation.;Arthur Conan Doyle;work
Deprived of meaningful work, men and women lose their reason for existence they go stark, raving mad.;Fyodor Dostoevsky;work
Life is too short to work so hard.;Vivien Leigh;work
All the problems of the world could be settled easily if men were only willing to think. The trouble is that men very often resort to all sorts of devices in order not to think, because thinking is such hard work.;Thomas J. Watson;work
People intoxicate themselves with work so they won't see how they really are.;Aldous Huxley;work
In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.;Leo Tolstoy;work
Let us work without theorizing, tis the only way to make life endurable.;Voltaire;work
