It's impossible. You try to have any kind of relationship with your family, with a man, or with a friend, and you have to be on the phone and the Internet the entire time.;Keira Knightley;relationship
Over the years, I've been trying to build a relationship with an audience. I've tried to maintain as much of a low profile as I could so that those characters would emerge and their relationship with audiences would be protected.;Kevin Spacey;relationship
The relationship between the government of the United States and social and indigenous movements has always been difficult. Not just in Bolivia but worldwide. We need to have bilateral relations characterized by mutual respect.;Evo Morales;relationship
People - not just in their teenage years - hold on to this fantasy of love when they're not ready to have a real relationship.;Keri Russell;relationship
I'd never really thought about it before, but now you ask I can see that how my parents handled money definitely affected my relationship with it.;Sophie Ellis Bextor;relationship
If I get married, it's something you really have to work at. It's hard enough to work at having a relationship with best friends and girls that are in the business.;Selma Blair;relationship
I don't have a good work ethic. I have a real casual relationship with hours.;Janeane Garofalo;relationship
My parents had this relationship that was really terrifying. I mean, the level of hatred that they had, and the level of physical abuse - my mother would beat up my father, basically - and I think I was drawn to images on television that were bright and reflective.;Augusten Burroughs;relationship
I've never really had a relationship with Hollywood. I've never had a desire to work there.;Audrey Tautou;relationship
No one ever asked what was my relationship with Bart Giamatti. We used to talk about baseball a lot as a player and a commissioner, just talk about the game, what could we do to help the game, where's the game going, he was pretty good.;Pete Rose;relationship
I don't want to have a relationship with someone if I'm not going to work with them.;Bill Murray;relationship
I don't think any relationship responds well to pressure.;Adam Levine;relationship
A lot of my emotional issues come from dealing with the opposite sex. I've come to terms with the fact that I'll be retired before I can finally enter into a healthy relationship.;Adam Levine;relationship
I've got five kids and I'm married, Tommy's got two kids and he's been married, Vince just got married again, Mick's out of a relationship, Tommy's single as well. We've done a lot in our life, we've covered a lot of miles.;Nikki Sixx;relationship
And one thing that I always believed and that I knew for certain was that I could never have sustained a personal relationship while I worked this hard, or while I was that driven this intensely by the story.;Christiane Amanpour;relationship
I also think the relationship I have with my audience is a lot more complex than what Hitchcock seemed to want his to be - although I think he had more going on under the surface as well.;David Cronenberg;relationship
My wife, Jill, and I have an incredibly close working relationship, and an incredibly happy married one. We met through work. I was the world's worst advertising copywriter. She had the misfortune to be my account director, so from the very start she was my boss, and she still is.;Anthony Horowitz;relationship
I tour alone. There's no sound check, no back up. I stay with the hosts I am in a family home and it's really nourishing. I just have to remember after the show not to run out into the living room in my pyjamas. Every day, it's a new relationship being built. It's odd and wonderful.;Jane Siberry;relationship
When you're in a relationship with somebody who is also a public personality, then it doubles the attention from the media.;Michelle Williams;relationship
My parents divorced when I was young but I was brought up in two really loving households. I didn't have a contentious relationship with my mom or dad.;Matt Damon;relationship
In the book the relationship with Katharine and Almasy is sort of only in the patient's mind.;Michael Ondaatje;relationship
If you're truly in a band and you guys have been together for a long time, there's a family bond that you have. In fact, I've talked about this with therapists, especially if you're talking about a relationship, because when you're with somebody, you're going to your family, and she's alone.;Gary Allan;relationship
It's about strengthening the relationship and the bond of parent to child.;Blair Underwood;relationship
I've definitely, you know, been with women. And I've had great relationships with them where I was definitely in love. It's just I grew to a point where deep inside I knew that I could never truly have a relationship with a woman. I don't know if they ever suspected. It was never brought up.;Lance Bass;relationship
For once I want to have a relationship outside the public eye.;Lance Bass;relationship
I'm such a relationship guy. I really am.;Lance Bass;relationship
Having a studio tell you when to jump and how high eight months of the year for six years is not a relationship I want to get into again.;Matthew Fox;relationship
Syria and Iran have always had a pretty tight relationship, and it looks to me like they just cooked up a press release to put out to sort of restate the obvious. They're both problem countries we know that. And this doesn't change anything.;Mitch McConnell;relationship
I record all of my music with authentic instruments in a studio before we start editing, doing many, many versions. The music shapes the film as we edit so it has an organic relationship to the content.;Ken Burns;relationship
The object of my relationship with Vietnam has been to heal the wounds that exist, particularly among our veterans, and to move forward with a positive relationship,... Apparently some in the Vietnamese government don't want to do that and that's their decision.;Ho Chi Minh;relationship
The needs of babies and toddlers were constant and drained the life out my sense of self and my family's relationship with each other.;Mika Brzezinski;relationship
I am not afraid to say my relationship with my man is important, even vital, to who I am as a person.;Mika Brzezinski;relationship
It's important not to ditch your mates when you're in a relationship. Lots of girls do it, but you need to remember they will always be there for you.;Rachel Bilson;relationship
We busted a lot of family secrets with this. But to make a long story short, my parents relationship was built heavily on security issues for my Mom, and when my Dad couldn't provide security, the relationship unraveled.;Kenny Loggins;relationship
You must have love as the core it takes courage to be willing to constantly tell the truth to each other and risk letting the relationship go.;Kenny Loggins;relationship
I couldn't be in a relationship and behave like somebody else or pretend I felt something I didn't feel. And that includes saying things I thought might jeopardize the relationship.;Kenny Loggins;relationship
As part of my relationship with my wife and my daughter, and we share everything and talk about everything.;Boris Kodjoe;relationship
Once you accept the existence of God - however you define him, however you explain your relationship to him - then you are caught forever with his presence in the center of all things.;Morris West;relationship
I think I make films to help bolster and feed the part of me that wants to remain in a positive relationship with the world and to engage in it. So hopefully in non-sentimental ways, I'm trying to make something that helps make me happy.;Mike Mills;relationship
If someone talks about union, fidelity, a monogamous relationship, love, blessing I would say it sounds like marriage to me. And blessing, you see, I think is undermining our sacrament of marriage.;George Carey;relationship
I have a fantastic relationship with money. I use it to buy my freedom.;Gianni Versace;relationship
I can't tell you 100 percent what makes a relationship work. But I can see something good coming and I can see something bad coming.;Sandra Bernhard;relationship
I mean, we're really making a quantum change in our relationship to the plant world with genetic modification.;Michael Pollan;relationship
The things I write are for those who are willing to accept a new relationship between the reader and the author.;Jerzy Kosinski;relationship
My parents had a great marriage. Interestingly, it made it harder for me in relationships because I knew what a good relationship looked like.;Candace Bushnell;relationship
I think a young woman's relationship with her father is really important.;Candace Bushnell;relationship
People who are good at film have a relationship with the camera.;Fiona Shaw;relationship
A relationship is sent by God and accident.;Fiona Shaw;relationship
No gentleman ever discusses any relationship with a lady.;Keith Miller;relationship
Human beings have speculated about the relationship between inspiration and insanity for centuries.;Patty Duke;relationship
If you're a Christian you don't sit there and worry about what somebody else is doing, if they're happy and they're committed in a relationship.;Howard Stern;relationship
Prior to passage of Obamacare, Americans spoke out against the individual mandate they didn't want to change the health care they had they didn't want a 3,000-page bill that empowered 15 Washington bureaucrats to decide the future of the doctor-patient relationship.;Fred Upton;relationship
I started crying the other day just thinking that the baby is going to leave me soon! You have this relationship with this person in your belly and it's really amazing.;Emily Procter;relationship
Well I think if you really go out with someone for quite a long time you do get to know each other very, very well, you go through the good times, you go through the bad times. You know both personally, but also within a relationship as well.;Kate Middleton;relationship
It was just that we had this phenomenal honeymoon relationship that just kept on going.;James Levine;relationship
We are a nation in which freedom is alive in the squares and streets, in the daily work of the communications media, in the open relationship between the governing and the governed.;Vicente Fox;relationship
I have a love/hate relationship with just about all technology in my life. My first typewriter in particular. I had a helluva time putting new ribbon on it.;Eric Stoltz;relationship
It seems I have a hard time being attracted to someone unless I respect what they do on some level. Otherwise, I would feel disdain for them. Which is not always pleasant in a relationship. Sometimes it's fun though.;Eric Stoltz;relationship
I can sort of do what I want. Maybe I have to work harder to prove myself in some new relationship because they've heard some wacky stories about me. But at least I can get the meeting.;Sean Parker;relationship
I believe I went through a divorce. My relationship with Ellen is no less significant as a marriage than my relationship to Coley.;Anne Heche;relationship
My relationship with my mom is so amazing. We never got to have that stage that people go through, like when you're 13 and you think you're too cool for your parents. When you're embarrassed by them and stuff. We never went through that because I was constantly working and she constantly had to be there.;Hilary Duff;relationship
I've been working on my relationship with my parents and my sister over the years.;Tre Cool;relationship
Filming 'Eclipse' - Eclipse was my favorite book so I was really excited to start filming the movie. I just love that it's the height of the love triangle. 'Twilight' develops Edward and Bella's relationship, 'New Moon' develops Jacob and Bella's and in 'Eclipse,' the three of them are physically together.;Taylor Lautner;relationship
For me, living in the closet corroded my ability to have an honest, open relationship with my God, my loved ones, my constituency and myself.;James McGreevey;relationship
I think that to a very great extent we are partners with the divine in this enterprise called history. That is an ongoing relationship, and there is absolutely no guarantee that things will automatically work out to our best advantage.;Chaim Potok;relationship
I had never really dated. I've always been a relationship kind of person.;Bruce Willis;relationship
I never felt I had the kind of relationship with Magic that I could just pick up the phone and call him at home.;Karl Malone;relationship
I shoot people in a way that makes the audience feel equal to them. And it's hard to express and it's hard to execute but I think it works on every level - the choice of the material the choice of the actor, my relationship with the actor, and so on.;Michel Gondry;relationship
I have an amazing relationship with food.;Katharine McPhee;relationship
I really take pride in the relationship that I have with my husband.;Julie Benz;relationship
This is a very important relationship we have with Russia, the relationship over the nuclear arsenal that they have obviously is important. They're a very powerful country.;Warren Christopher;relationship
I'm interested in spirituality and in religion and our relationship to the divine.;Giancarlo Esposito;relationship
Nothing has changed in our relationship with East West. We have no relationship with East West. We've been withholding our labour for almost seven years now.;Andrew Eldritch;relationship
I've always loved the old epics that tell a simple emotional story, whether it's the tumultuous relationship between Rhett and Scarlett or Lawrence of Arabia's passion to get lost in a faraway place.;Baz Luhrmann;relationship
Some of the greatest relationship films of all time, the two stars have hated each other, but mostly you see that chemistry.;Baz Luhrmann;relationship
I like the idea of dating, but I'm not dating anyone exclusively, particularly right now. It's hard to be in a relationship unless you're ready to go public with it. So it's a lot easier for me to not be in a relationship. I really don't want that part of my life to be tabloid fodder.;Cory Monteith;relationship
Challenge is good for any relationship.;Darren Criss;relationship
For me, the highest level of sexual excitement is in a monogamous relationship.;Warren Beatty;relationship
I've never been very successful in a monogamous relationship, but I'm looking forward to the day when I can assume that responsibility.;Don Johnson;relationship
I do want to try to put things in perspective today relative to the U.S.-Canada relationship. I would like to start by talking about how important this relationship is to the people of the United States.;Paul Cellucci;relationship
When you think about the day-to-day, positive impact on the lives of U.S. citizens, there is no relationship that we have in the world that is more important than our relationship with Canada.;Paul Cellucci;relationship
I want you to know that, despite what you might read at times in the newspapers or see on the television news, we have actually been getting a lot of things done the last several months, the U.S.-Canada relationship.;Paul Cellucci;relationship
If you look back on the breakups that you've had, whether it's a long relationship or a one-night stand, it's always awkward.;Patrick Wilson;relationship
People don't really have a relationship with great writing or great production or great art direction or great direction. They just sort of admire it.;Steven Moffat;relationship
When writing comedy, you have to have the confidence to believe that there is only one type of relationship in the world, and we are all having it, that all men behave in the same way and so do all women.;Steven Moffat;relationship
Among the letters my readers write me, there is a certain category which is continuously growing, and which I see as a symptom of the increasing intellectualization of the relationship between readers and literature.;Herman Hesse;relationship
This is the most intimate relationship between literature and its readers: they treat the text as a part of themselves, as a possession.;Ryszard Kapuscinski;relationship
Through all the relationship stuff I've gone through in the past few years, I know there are fundamental differences in how men and women view sex and how they view their futures.;Aaron Eckhart;relationship
A lot of songs are empowering because everybody who has been through a hard time in a relationship or in their lives can relate to it.;Nicole Scherzinger;relationship
I feel fortunate I have this amazing relationship with so many people in America, because I was in their homes at a very private time of day. They probably might have still had their robe on and their slippers and haven't made the beds.;Joan Lunden;relationship
The most convincing argument against early parenthood is that you are in a relationship that is likely to fall apart before that child grows up.;Tony Parsons;relationship
Idleness does drive me crazy, but I'd rather read or write than do anything just to work. A kind of respect has been instilled in me for acting: I love it too much to ever have a bad relationship with it.;Karen Allen;relationship
The Federal Government is exploiting public fear to redefine the relationship between the rulers and the American people.;James Bovard;relationship
It's important to me to be in a relationship when I'm in one, but I'm not someone who needs to be in a relationship.;Rufus Sewell;relationship
My relationship with Dean was great, but ultimately it wasn't a fulfilling marriage for either of us.;LeAnn Rimes;relationship
I guess we've had a very close relationship because I don't pretend to know about cinema and I think I do know a bit about theatre but he does, he respected that and so we really just had a collaboration which went completely like this.;Andrew Lloyd Webber;relationship
I took solace in my relationship with God who, along with my dog, was my best friend growing up.;Lisa Bonet;relationship
One of the reasons I loved working with Tom is people feel they know who he is... I think working with an actor who the audience already has a relationship with actually helps you in a film like this.;Sam Mendes;relationship
Actually, I think my view is compatible with much of the work going on now in neuroscience and psychology, where people are studying the relationship of consciousness to neural and cognitive processes without really trying to reduce it to those processes.;David Chalmers;relationship
