Most men are very attached to the idea of being male, and usually experience a lot of fear and insecurity around the idea of being a man. Most women are very identified with their gender, and also experience a tremendous amount of fear and insecurity.;Andrew Cohen;men
Men do not have to cook their food they do so for symbolic reasons to show they are men and not beasts.;Edmund Leach;men
Something unpleasant is coming when men are anxious to tell the truth.;Benjamin Disraeli;men
Men are so necessarily mad, that not to be mad would amount to another form of madness.;Blaise Pascal;men
A time will come when a politician who has willfully made war and promoted international dissension will be as sure of the dock and much surer of the noose than a private homicide. It is not reasonable that those who gamble with men's lives should not stake their own.;H. G. Wells;men
If there existed no external means for dimming their consciences, one-half of the men would at once shoot themselves, because to live contrary to one's reason is a most intolerable state, and all men of our time are in such a state.;Leo Tolstoy;men
False happiness renders men stern and proud, and that happiness is never communicated. True happiness renders them kind and sensible, and that happiness is always shared.;Charles de Montesquieu;men
I know there is a Supreme Being who rules the affairs of men and whose goodness and mercy have always followed the American people, and I know He will not turn from us now if we humbly and reverently seek His powerful aid.;Grover Cleveland;men
Men's ideas are the most direct emanations of their material state.;Karl Marx;men
Give to everyone who begs from you and of him who takes away your goods do not ask them again. And as you wish that men would do to you, do so to them.;Jesus Christ;men
For real change, we need feminine energy in the management of the world. We need a critical number of women in positions of power, and we need to nurture the feminine energy in men.;Isabel Allende;men
Love, it has been said, flows downward. The love of parents for their children has always been far more powerful than that of children for their parents and who among the sons of men ever loved God with a thousandth part of the love which God has manifested to us?;Augustus Hare;men
Moderation has been called a virtue to limit the ambition of great men, and to console undistinguished people for their want of fortune and their lack of merit.;Benjamin Disraeli;men
The men who learn endurance, are they who call the whole world, brother.;Charles Dickens;men
A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men.;Roald Dahl;men
Some men never feel small, but these are the few men who are.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;men
Make no little plans they have no magic to stir men's blood.;Daniel Burnham;men
What affects men sharply about a foreign nation is not so much finding or not finding familiar things it is rather not finding them in the familiar place.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;men
All men should strive to learn before they die, what they are running from, and to, and why.;James Thurber;men
Some people think having large breasts makes a woman stupid. Actually, it's quite the opposite: a woman having large breasts makes men stupid.;Rita Rudner;men
Men are liars. We'll lie about lying if we have to. I'm an algebra liar. I figure two good lies make a positive.;Tim Allen;men
If men and women are to understand each other, to enter into each other's nature with mutual sympathy, and to become capable of genuine comradeship, the foundation must be laid in youth.;Havelock Ellis;men
Many men have been capable of doing a wise thing, more a cunning thing, but very few a generous thing.;Alexander Pope;men
I love being a woman and I was not one of these women who rose through professional life by wearing men's clothes or looking masculine. I loved wearing bright colors and being who I am.;Madeleine Albright;men
The story of the human race is the story of men and women selling themselves short.;Abraham Maslow;men
If it's natural to kill, how come men have to go into training to learn how?;Joan Baez;men
Our duty, as men and women, is to proceed as if limits to our ability did not exist. We are collaborators in creation.;Pierre Teilhard de Chardin;men
It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor as such differences become less, it grows feeble and when they disappear, it will vanish too.;Alexis de Tocqueville;men
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.;Epictetus;men
And remember, where you have a concentration of power in a few hands, all too frequently men with the mentality of gangsters get control. History has proven that.;Lord Acton;men
In reading the lives of great men, I found that the first victory they won was over themselves... self-discipline with all of them came first.;Harry S. Truman;men
It is generally recognised that women are better than men at languages, personal relations and multi-tasking, but less good at map-reading and spatial awareness. It is therefore not unreasonable to suppose that women might be less good at mathematics and physics.;Stephen Hawking;men
Men blaspheme what they do not know.;Blaise Pascal;men
The greater intellect one has, the more originality one finds in men. Ordinary persons find no difference between men.;Blaise Pascal;men
If men are honest, everything they do and everywhere they go is for a chance to see women.;Jack Nicholson;men
To tax and to please, no more than to love and to be wise, is not given to men.;Edmund Burke;men
There are one hundred men seeking security to one able man who is willing to risk his fortune.;J. Paul Getty;men
It is, generally, in the season of prosperity that men discover their real temper, principles, and designs.;Edmund Burke;men
I think that the day you've figured out the differences between women and men is the day that you're no longer attracted to women. It's the difference that is so fantastic and frustrating and angering, and really sexy.;Kiefer Sutherland;men
Produce great men, the rest follows.;Walt Whitman;men
Wives are young men's mistresses, companions for middle age, and old men's nurses.;Francis Bacon;men
All men having power ought to be distrusted to a certain degree.;James Madison;men
Great men are like eagles, and build their nest on some lofty solitude.;Arthur Schopenhauer;men
Such is the nature of men, that howsoever they may acknowledge many others to be more witty, or more eloquent, or more learned yet they will hardly believe there be many so wise as themselves.;Thomas Hobbes;men
Men are by nature merely indifferent to one another but women are by nature enemies.;Arthur Schopenhauer;men
All men profess honesty as long as they can. To believe all men honest would be folly. To believe none so is something worse.;John Quincy Adams;men
I am truly free only when all human beings, men and women, are equally free. The freedom of other men, far from negating or limiting my freedom, is, on the contrary, its necessary premise and confirmation.;Mikhail Bakunin;men
All men are created equal, it is only men themselves who place themselves above equality.;David Allan Coe;men
You should read history and look at ostracism, persecution, martyrdom, and that kind of thing. They always happen to the best men, you know.;George Eliot;men
Women think with their whole bodies and they see things as a whole more than men do.;Dorothy Day;men
If I err in belief that the souls of men are immortal, I gladly err, nor do I wish this error which gives me pleasure to be wrested from me while I live.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;men
Men are born with two eyes, but with one tongue, in order that they should see twice as much as they say.;Charles Caleb Colton;men
Forgive, son men are men they needs must err.;Euripides;men
No lying knight or lying priest ever prospered in any age, but especially not in the dark ones. Men prospered then only in following an openly declared purpose, and preaching candidly beloved and trusted creeds.;John Ruskin;men
We all fight over what the label 'feminism' means but for me it's about empowerment. It's not about being more powerful than men - it's about having equal rights with protection, support, justice. It's about very basic things. It's not a badge like a fashion item.;Annie Lennox;men
Nothing doth more hurt in a state than that cunning men pass for wise.;Francis Bacon;men
It is a sad thing when men have neither the wit to speak well nor the judgment to hold their tongues.;Jean de la Bruyere;men
Men often take their imagination for their heart and they believe they are converted as soon as they think of being converted.;Blaise Pascal;men
Many men are contemptuous of riches few can give them away.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;men
When women are depressed, they eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. It's a whole different way of thinking.;Elayne Boosler;men
There are but very few men clever enough to know all the mischief they do.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;men
The production of children, the nurture of those born, and the daily life of men, of these matters woman is visibly the cause.;Guru Nanak;men
Being a woman is a terribly difficult task, since it consists principally in dealing with men.;Joseph Conrad;men
A good part - and definitely the most fun part - of being a feminist is about frightening men.;Julie Burchill;men
If boyhood and youth are but vanity, must it not be our ambition to become men?;Vincent Van Gogh;men
Millions of men have lived to fight, build palaces and boundaries, shape destinies and societies but the compelling force of all times has been the force of originality and creation profoundly affecting the roots of human spirit.;Ansel Adams;men
Monkeys are superior to men in this: when a monkey looks into a mirror, he sees a monkey.;Malcolm De Chazal;men
We do not want the men of another color for our brothers-in-law, but we do want them for our brothers.;Booker T. Washington;men
Money is the worst currency that ever grew among mankind. This sacks cities, this drives men from their homes, this teaches and corrupts the worthiest minds to turn base deeds.;Sophocles;men
A great deal of talent is lost to the world for want of a little courage. Every day sends to their graves obscure men whose timidity prevented them from making a first effort.;Sydney Smith;men
All men are liable to error and most men are, in many points, by passion or interest, under temptation to it.;John Locke;men
Man is not the creature of circumstances, circumstances are the creatures of men. We are free agents, and man is more powerful than matter.;Benjamin Disraeli;men
Here men from the planet Earth first set foot upon the Moon. July 1969 AD. We came in peace for all mankind.;Neil Armstrong;men
But men must know, that in this theatre of man's life it is reserved only for God and angels to be lookers on.;Francis Bacon;men
It's rather splendid to think of all those great men and women who appear to have presented symptoms that allow us to describe them as bipolar. Whether it's Hemingway, Van Gogh... Robert Schumann has been mentioned... Virginia Woolf, Sylvia Plath... some of them with rather grim ends.;Stephen Fry;men
Men are able to trust one another, knowing the exact degree of dishonesty they are entitled to expect.;Stephen Leacock;men
When I was younger, I was terrified to express anger because it would often kick-start a horrible reaction in the men in my life. So I bit my tongue. I was left to painstakingly deal with the aftermath of my avoidance later in life, in therapy or through the lyrics of my songs.;Alanis Morissette;men
Men know everything - all of them - all the time - no matter how stupid or inexperienced or arrogant or ignorant they are.;Andrea Dworkin;men
Women's fashion is a subtle form of bondage. It's men's way of binding them. We put them in these tight, high-heeled shoes, we make them wear these tight clothes and we say they look sexy. But they're actually tied up.;David Duchovny;men
All men of action are dreamers.;James Huneker;men
Justice consists in doing no injury to men decency in giving them no offense.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;men
There are more men ennobled by study than by nature.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;men
We must conceive of this whole universe as one commonwealth of which both gods and men are members.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;men
The worst men often give the best advice.;Francis Bacon;men
Men will bear many things from a kept mistress, which they would not bear from a wife.;Samuel Richardson;men
I do not wish women to have power over men but over themselves.;Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley;men
Old men are fond of giving good advice to console themselves for their inability to give bad examples.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;men
It is easier to know men in general, than men in particular.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;men
No longer shall I paint interiors with men reading and women knitting. I will paint living people who breathe and feel and suffer and love.;Edvard Munch;men
Few things are impracticable in themselves and it is for want of application, rather than of means, that men fail to succeed.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;men
There are a great many men valued in society who have nothing to recommend them but serviceable vices.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;men
There is nothing men are so generous of as advice.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;men
Men know they are sexual exiles. They wander the earth seeking satisfaction, craving and despising, never content. There is nothing in that anguished motion for women to envy.;Camille Paglia;men
No men are oftener wrong than those that can least bear to be so.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;men
We are all strong enough to bear other men's misfortunes.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;men
Though men are apt to flatter and exalt themselves with their great achievements, yet these are, in truth, very often owing not so much to design as chance.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;men
As to the deceit perpetrated upon women, let it pass, for, when love is in the way, men and women as a general rule dupe each other.;Giacomo Casanova;men
What is most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class.;Alexis de Tocqueville;men
The vote is the most powerful instrument ever devised by man for breaking down injustice and destroying the terrible walls which imprison men because they are different from other men.;Lyndon B. Johnson;men
