God is day and night, winter and summer, war and peace, surfeit and hunger.;Heraclitus;peace
That peace which is within us, we must experience it. And if we are searching for peace outside we will never find the peace within.;Prem Rawat;peace
War is to man what maternity is to a woman. From a philosophical and doctrinal viewpoint, I do not believe in perpetual peace.;Benito Mussolini;peace
If there is to be peace in our industrial life let the employer recognize his obligation to his employees - at least to the degree set forth in existing statutes.;John L. Lewis;peace
And I've come to the place where I believe that there's no way to solve these problems, these issues - there's nothing that we can do that will solve the problems that we have and keep the peace, unless we solve it through God, unless we solve it in being our highest self. And that's a pretty tall order.;Glenn Beck;peace
The minute you got the Nobel Peace Prize, things that I said yesterday, with nobody paying too much attention, I say the same things after I got it - oh! It was quite crucial for people, and it helped our morale because apartheid did look invincible.;Desmond Tutu;peace
In many ways, when you're a Nobel peace laureate, you have an obligation to humankind, to society.;Desmond Tutu;peace
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace.;Amelia Earhart;peace
Remember, each one of us has the power to change the world. Just start thinking peace, and the message will spread quicker than you think.;Yoko Ono;peace
Neutrality is a negative word. It does not express what America ought to feel. We are not trying to keep out of trouble we are trying to preserve the foundations on which peace may be rebuilt.;Woodrow Wilson;peace
If I have been of service, if I have glimpsed more of the nature and essence of ultimate good, if I am inspired to reach wider horizons of thought and action, if I am at peace with myself, it has been a successful day.;Alex Noble;peace
In a few decades, the relationship between the environment, resources and conflict may seem almost as obvious as the connection we see today between human rights, democracy and peace.;Wangari Maathai;peace
Little things seem nothing, but they give peace, like those meadow flowers which individually seem odorless but all together perfume the air.;Georges Bernanos;peace
My dream is to live a good life and be loving, be close to God and be a good human being and bring peace to people.;Ziggy Marley;peace
I might have some character traits that some might see as innocence or naive. That's because I discovered peace and happiness in my soul. And with this knowledge, I also see the beauty of human life.;Tobey Maguire;peace
Never for the sake of peace and quiet deny your convictions.;Dag Hammarskjold;peace
It wasn't so long ago that I was a working mom myself. And I know that sometimes, much as we all hate to admit it, it's just easier to park the kids in front of the TV for a few hours, so we can pay the bills or do the laundry or just have some peace and quiet for a change.;Michelle Obama;peace
I come from a family of very devout, praying people. That idea of peace and love toward humanity shouldn't be nationalistic or denominational. It should be a chief concern for all mankind.;Mos Def;peace
I don't think I've ever felt that same kind of peace, the kind of serenity that I felt after acknowledging that maybe I was going to die of this TB.;Desmond Tutu;peace
If you want to make peace, you don't talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies.;Moshe Dayan;peace
Even during the worst hardships, when the other things in our lives seem to fall apart, we can still find peace in the eternal love of God.;Armstrong Williams;peace
I had daydreams and fantasies when I was growing up. I always wanted to live in a log cabin at the foot of a mountain. I would ride my horse to town and pick up provisions. Then return to the cabin, with a big open fire, a record player and peace.;Linda McCartney;peace
There is a criterion by which you can judge whether the thoughts you are thinking and the things you are doing are right for you. The criterion is: Have they brought you inner peace?;Peace Pilgrim;peace
As this long and difficult war ends, I would like to address a few special words to the American people: Your steadfastness in supporting our insistence on peace with honor has made peace with honor possible.;Richard M. Nixon;peace
Loud peace propaganda makes war seem imminent.;David Herbert Lawrence;peace
Balance, peace, and joy are the fruit of a successful life. It starts with recognizing your talents and finding ways to serve others by using them.;Thomas Kinkade;peace
For peace is not mere absence of war, but is a virtue that springs from, a state of mind, a disposition for benevolence, confidence, justice.;Baruch Spinoza;peace
None of the abstract concepts comes closer to fulfilled utopia than that of eternal peace.;Theodor Adorno;peace
But, my dear sirs, when peace does come, you may call on me for any thing. Then will I share with you the last cracker, and watch with you to shield your homes and families against danger from every quarter.;William Tecumseh Sherman;peace
Mankind must remember that peace is not God's gift to his creatures peace is our gift to each other.;Elie Wiesel;peace
Jesus Christ is a prince of peace. He told us to live in peace. He told us to love our enemies. He told us to do good to them that spitefully use us.;Pat Robertson;peace
The most disadvantageous peace is better than the most just war.;Desiderius Erasmus;peace
Being a movie star, and this applies to all of them, means being looked at from every possible direction. You are never left at peace, you're just fair game.;Greta Garbo;peace
We cannot be both the world's leading champion of peace and the world's leading supplier of the weapons of war.;Jimmy Carter;peace
The hippies wanted peace and love. We wanted Ferraris, blondes and switchblades.;Alice Cooper;peace
When we were at peace, Democrats wanted to raise taxes. Now there's a war, so Democrats want to raise taxes. When there was a surplus, Democrats wanted to raise taxes. Now that there is a mild recession, Democrats want to raise taxes.;Ann Coulter;peace
Peace as a goal is an ideal which will not be contested by any government or nation, not even the most belligerent.;Aung San Suu Kyi;peace
If man does find the solution for world peace it will be the most revolutionary reversal of his record we have ever known.;George C. Marshall;peace
The very first lesson that I learnt from the Qur'an was the message of unity and peace.;Cat Stevens;peace
That they may have a little peace, even the best dogs are compelled to snarl occasionally.;William Feather;peace
Let me just say: Peace to you, if you're willing to fight for it.;Fred Hampton;peace
My faith helps me understand that circumstances don't dictate my happiness, my inner peace.;Denzel Washington;peace
Peace for us means the destruction of Israel. We are preparing for an all-out war, a war which will last for generations.;Yasser Arafat;peace
When we have done our best, we should wait the result in peace.;John Lubbock;peace
I said peace is sometimes narrowly interpreted it's the absence of conflict between nations or something. But peace is more inherent, more basic to human life, human beings, what we feel about each other, what we feel about life around us and what we see in our future.;Muhammad Yunus;peace
War makes thieves and peace hangs them.;George Herbert;peace
There is always a certain peace in being what one is, in being that completely.;Ugo Betti;peace
Where there are too many policemen, there is no liberty. Where there are too many soldiers, there is no peace. Where there are too many lawyers, there is no justice.;Lin Yutang;peace
Nothing is more conducive to peace of mind than not having any opinion at all.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;peace
On balance, my life has been a constant stream of blessings rather than disappointments and failures and tragedies. I wish I had been re-elected. I think I could have kept our country at peace. I think I could have consolidated what we achieved at Camp David with a treaty between Israel and the Palestinians.;Jimmy Carter;peace
Because I know about the Holy Land, I've taught lessons about the Holy Land all my life, and - but you can't bring peace to Israel without giving the Palestinian also peace. And Lebanon and Jordan and Syria as well.;Jimmy Carter;peace
You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.;Malcom X;peace
To insure peace of mind ignore the rules and regulations.;George Ade;peace
To injure an opponent is to injure yourself. To control aggression without inflicting injury is the Art of Peace.;Morihei Ueshiba;peace
The world must be made safe for democracy. Its peace must be planted upon the tested foundations of political liberty.;Woodrow Wilson;peace
I know I had no hand in making this war, and I know I will make more sacrifices today than any of you to secure peace.;William Tecumseh Sherman;peace
In my opinion, if we have not achieved peace, it is because people forget its most fundamental aspect. Before we talk about peace among nations, we must settle our peace with God.;Sun Myung Moon;peace
Peace is our gift to each other.;Elie Wiesel;peace
I'll keep peace at all cost, even if I choke to death on my tongue.;Paula Deen;peace
In a war everybody always knows all about Switzerland, in peace times it is just Switzerland but in war time it is the only country that everybody has confidence in, everybody.;Gertrude Stein;peace
Martin Luther King Jr. is remembered as our prince of peace, of civil rights. We owe him something major that will keep his memory alive.;Morgan Freeman;peace
My constant prayer, my number one foreign goal, is to bring peace to Israel. And in the process to Israel's neighbours.;Jimmy Carter;peace
When I was elected President nobody asked me to negotiate between Israel and Egypt. It was not even a question raised in my campaign. But I felt that one of the reasons that I was elected President was to try to bring peace to the Holy Land.;Jimmy Carter;peace
When I was in the White House, I was confronted with the challenge of the Cold War. Both the Soviet Union and I had 30,000 nuclear weapons that could destroy the entire earth and I had to maintain the peace.;Jimmy Carter;peace
I've used the prestige and influence of having been a president of the United States as effectively as possible. And secondly, I've still been able to carry out my commitments to peace and human rights and environmental quality and freedom and democracy and so forth.;Jimmy Carter;peace
Communism is a hateful thing, and a menace to peace and organized government.;Grover Cleveland;peace
The only solid and lasting peace between a man and his wife is, doubtless, a separation.;Lord Chesterfield;peace
Those who have experienced the most, have suffered so much that they have ceased to hate. Hate is more for those with a slightly guilty conscience, and who by chewing on old hate in times of peace wish to demonstrate how great they were during the war.;Thor Heyerdahl;peace
He belonged to that army known as invincible in peace, invisible in war.;William Tecumseh Sherman;peace
I think that peace will require two states, a Palestinian state that recognizes the Jewish state.;Benjamin Netanyahu;peace
'Peace Train' is a song I wrote, the message of which continues to breeze thunderously through the hearts of millions. There is a powerful need for people to feel that gust of hope rise up again.;Cat Stevens;peace
While conscience is our friend, all is at peace however once it is offended, farewell to a tranquil mind.;Mary Wortley Montagu;peace
I do know that some Buddhists are able to attain peace of mind.;Martin Scorsese;peace
I'm at peace.;Christina Aguilera;peace
Fascism, the more it considers and observes the future and the development of humanity, quite apart from political considerations of the moment, believes neither in the possibility nor the utility of perpetual peace.;Benito Mussolini;peace
Peace is the umpire for doing the will of God.;Edwin Louis Cole;peace
A babe in the house is a well-spring of pleasure, a messenger of peace and love, a resting place for innocence on earth, a link between angels and men.;Martin Farquhar Tupper;peace
Peace is the one condition of survival in this nuclear age.;Adlai E. Stevenson;peace
The journey of a thousand leagues begins with a single step. So we must never neglect any work of peace within our reach, however small.;Adlai E. Stevenson;peace
Let us have peace.;Ulysses S. Grant;peace
I could start a war in 30 seconds. But some countries spend 100 years trying to find peace. Just like good manners, peace has to be learned.;Sylvester Stallone;peace
Revenge only engenders violence, not clarity and true peace. I think liberation must come from within.;Sandra Cisneros;peace
Mr. President, prime ministers, let us have ambitions: ambitions to move beyond the violence and occupation, to the day when two states, Palestine and Israel, can live together side by side in peace and security.;King Abdullah II;peace
Peace does not include a vendetta there will be neither winners nor losers.;Ahmed Ben Bella;peace
The reason why I'm here today is to explain why I am running and what I will do if you give me the honor and the privilege of representing you in the United States Senate. Now I'm running for the United State Senate for a simple reason, and that is...I want to win a Nobel Peace prize.;Marco Rubio;peace
Peace is not the product of a victory or a command. It has no finishing line, no final deadline, no fixed definition of achievement. Peace is a never-ending process, the work of many decisions.;Oscar Hammerstein II;peace
Radiohead and Our Lady Peace are doing the seven layers of guitar, and I kind of jumped on that before anyone else did.;Billy Corgan;peace
Happiness and peace will come to earth only as the light of love and human compassion enter the souls of men.;David O. McKay;peace
I wish to assure you that there can never be any return to the state of armed conflict which existed before our commitment to peace and the democratic process of election under the Lancaster House agreement.;Robert Mugabe;peace
Don't tell me peace has broken out.;Bertolt Brecht;peace
Without peace, all other dreams vanish and are reduced to ashes.;Jawaharlal Nehru;peace
A conqueror is always a lover of peace.;Karl Von Clausewitz;peace
I take it that what all men are really after is some form or perhaps only some formula of peace.;Joseph Conrad;peace
After four years at the United Nations I sometimes yearn for the peace and tranquility of a political convention.;Adlai E. Stevenson;peace
Making peace is harder than making war.;Adlai E. Stevenson;peace
As long as there is rape... there is not going to be any peace or justice or equality or freedom. You are not going to become what you want to become or who you want to become. You are not going to live in the world you want to live in.;Andrea Dworkin;peace
I wanted to connect all people who are thinking about peace on Earth.;Willie Nelson;peace
Dialogue and education for peace can help free our hearts from the impulse toward intolerance and the rejection of others.;Daisaku Ikeda;peace
We all lose somebody we care about and want to find some comforting way of dealing with it, something that will give us a little closure, a little peace.;Mitch Albom;peace
