That's what Major League Baseball's steroid scandal was all about, the hidden harm in competitive sports that sends the wrong message to the young.;Suzanne Fields;sports
But I was very much into sports when I was a child.;Eva Herzigova;sports
I think life is sort of like a competition, whether it's in sports, or it's achieving in school, or it's achieving good relationships with people. And competition is a little bit of what it's all about.;Sanford I. Weill;sports
Social cohesion was built into language long before Facebook and LinkedIn and Twitter - we're tribal by nature. Tribes today aren't the same as tribes thousand of years ago: It isn't just religious tribes or ethnic tribes now: It's sports fans, it's communities, it's geography.;Peter Guber;sports
And I realized that there was no sports reporter, so I started covering sporting events.;Ed Bradley;sports
I love sports and I love sports movies.;James Van Der Beek;sports
As a result of Title IX, and a new generation of parents who want their daughters to have the opportunities they never had, women's sports have arrived.;Sheryl Swoopes;sports
I think that every single person should play sports.;Donovan Bailey;sports
I don't really like politics that much. And I like the order and simplicity of sports. They have an ending. You can argue with your friends about it, but in the end you still like sports. I almost love the fantasy world of sports more than the real world.;Norm MacDonald;sports
I like people who are enthused about things they do, like travel, sports, work. I like being with people who have things they're excited about.;Parker Stevenson;sports
Denver is home to me, and to be recognized for my achievements in the sports community here is a great honor.;Carmelo Anthony;sports
I am a huge sports fan.;Kris Allen;sports
One of the reasons I'm an actor is because I was no physical specimen as a child. I wasn't athletic and didn't have any prowess in that regard. Growing up in Kentucky, most little boys were trying to get into sports, and it was very competitive, so that was not to be. But I did want to do something.;Michael Shannon;sports
There's steps that I've taken already, and each week, talking with the sports psychologist on a routine basis and working with the different programs that we're going through. This is all stuff that you can say you're going to make a difference, but I'm putting it into action.;Kurt Busch;sports
I did all the right things in so many tournaments. But like I said, sometimes in sports it just goes the other way. Maybe you've already won so much that it evens it out a bit sometimes. I don't know.;Roger Federer;sports
People in the States used to think that if girls were good at sports their sexuality would be affected.;Martina Navratilova;sports
I think team sports probably teach you more about giving - about being unselfish and being flexible.;Chris Evert;sports
I never thought I'd make the pages of 'Sports Illustrated,' because I've always been skinny.;Carolyn Murphy;sports
Because I just like sports, I like athletics and I like competition.;Trishelle Cannatella;sports
The other thing is this industry has decided it only has one market. Unlike any other industry in the world, unlike film or books or sports even, this industry has decided it has only one market and that's 14 year old boys.;Rob Walton;sports
Can they do both? That's a huge balance, I think, with kids- trying to find the right- it's everything, you know, it's social life, it's academics, it's sports.;Joan Cusack;sports
I love that men like to look at women, that they love sports, that they need to know the inner workings of mechanical objects. I love the whole makeup of men - that they never mature and are always just boys.;Krista Allen;sports
I like all the adventure sports but I like to do them in a safe way.;Catherine Bell;sports
And then I got into sports and gave my guitar to my brother Jeff who was just a little kid at that time.;Beau Bridges;sports
Sports broadcasting is very open now. In the beginning you did encounter more traditional attitudes and get comments. But I'm talking about 12 years ago.;Kirsty Gallacher;sports
I come from a sports family and my husband is a rugby player.;Kirsty Gallacher;sports
If I could have married my wife and been a sports writer for the past 30 years, I wouldn't be sitting here - but I don't think I'd be sitting someplace where I was sorry to be sitting.;Richard Ford;sports
I have long recognized a link between fitness and mental health and I think we need to encourage young people to take part in sports and team activities because we know it has such positive results.;Tipper Gore;sports
We might not make what athletes in other sports make, but we have greater longevity and we do have certain freedoms to do things they can't do. Like stay home one week and play the next week.;David Duval;sports
I've been involved with sports my whole life, which made clothes and makeup and handbags not that important as a kid. I just didn't care.;Jessica Biel;sports
Part of my growing up was always trying to make my parents proud and always trying to keep them happy. I think part of what held them together was my involvement in sports.;Jeff Garcia;sports
I wanted to be a doctor in sports medicine I was into sailing and all that sort of thing.;Christopher Atkins;sports
Being nerdy just means being passionate about something, including everyone - the coolest people on Earth are passionate and therefore nerdy about something whatever it is, whether it's sports, or gaming, or technology, or fashion, or beauty, or food, or whatever.;Zachary Levi;sports
If I wasn't dyslexic, I probably wouldn't have won the Games. If I had been a better reader, then that would have come easily, sports would have come easily... and I never would have realized that the way you get ahead in life is hard work.;Bruce Jenner;sports
Yeah, I think it motivates you as people start to count you out. It doesn't make you play any harder, because every time you go out on the field you give 110 percent, but it does give you more of an edge mentally, knowing that you were in the same situation, because in sports you always find yourself behind.;Joe Montana;sports
I don't read a lot of the sports, because I think people sometimes either build it up, or you have this guy that hates sports that is going to write bad about it, so I figure I'm not going to read it. Because I'm not going to let him put an idea into my head.;Herschel Walker;sports
I've always been around dudes and sports.;Lisa Guerrero;sports
In the morning, I reach for the sports page.;Lisa Guerrero;sports
On my morning run, I listen to sports talk radio.;Lisa Guerrero;sports
My favorite sports movies, I like 'Remember the Titans' and 'Hoosiers' Jimmy Chitwood, from the corner.;Shaun Alexander;sports
Cheerleading gave me a love of sports, which I brought to the Senate. I can talk to the good ol' boys about college sports because I follow it like they do.;Kay Bailey Hutchison;sports
No matter how many years you play, it's always something new and exciting. It's sports, you never know what may happen.;Curtis Joseph;sports
Growing up, sports was my outlet, my way to portray a personality. I was very shy around people but, through sports, something I was good at, I was able to make friends.;Curtis Joseph;sports
I am not a sports girl.;Dianna Agron;sports
I also watched a lot of football and sports. I haven't had much time to watch too much TV lately.;Casper Van Dien;sports
The truth is that for those 86 long years when the Red Sox went without a World Series win, fans were not only in a recession, but trapped in a longstanding, deeply entrenched sports depression.;Julianna Baggott;sports
I think Bob Costas is terrific. He's so knowledgeable. He can talk about any subject, not just sports.;Jim McKay;sports
So I developed very early a massive inferiority complex, and I've told the story often about how that inspired me later in life to get involved in other things, because I couldn't out-do my brothers in sports, and it's a very competitive relationship.;George J. Mitchell;sports
I had a great interest in sports. I had three older brothers who were great athletes. I was not.;George J. Mitchell;sports
I used to sports gamble a lot and I was getting killed on that but then I found poker and really enjoyed it. But it was a hobby more than anything else. I played it every day but only on pretty small stakes.;Chris Moneymaker;sports
All of my free time is made up of motor sports endeavors, be them motorcycles or off-road racing or track days. I just love anything with an engine. That is one of my main loves. Obviously, my other well-known love is Kristen Bell.;Dax Shepard;sports
I like to walk around my apartment naked. I like sitting around in the nude watching sports, actually.;Kylie Bax;sports
I'm glad you're doing this story on us and not on the WNBA. We're so much prettier than all the other women in sports.;Martina Hingis;sports
I have a 16 year-old son, so I'm now a soccer mom. I stand on the sidelines and I hear the things parents are saying, so I want them to understand what it is their kids are feeling in any sports environment.;Brandi Chastain;sports
Julie, Mia and I just met for a couple days, doing some work but really under the guise of having fun. We do events like the Women's Sports Foundation Dinner, where we get to not only do a good thing for the community but we get to hang out with one another again.;Brandi Chastain;sports
You'll be dedicated and that's what you should want to be in anything in life - whether it's sports or academics or your relationship. It all stems from finding that fun, that thrill, that excitement.;Brandi Chastain;sports
In sports, you simply aren't considered a real champion until you have defended your title successfully. Winning it once can be a fluke winning it twice proves you are the best.;Althea Gibson;sports
I played professional level sports. When you're playing for money, it's a whole other level.;Kurt Russell;sports
For guys playing sports at a high level, for money, I can't put my finger on it, but in a man's world of sport, there is something visceral to beating another man.;Kurt Russell;sports
I hate the cliche of 'just have fun,' but what I've seen in today's sports, especially with parents, is they put so much pressure on the kids.;Hope Solo;sports
I love to get home and hang out with my family. My brothers and I love spending time at the beach. I enjoy doing all kinds of surf sports and keeping healthy.;Samantha Stosur;sports
Well, if I hadn't have been an actor I would have gone on to play college sports.;Joe Manganiello;sports
I don't think there are many larger lessons to be found in sports.;Gregg Easterbrook;sports
I think professional sports, football, to use it as an example, it's fundamentally a form of entertainment.;Gregg Easterbrook;sports
I'm a Hollywood writer, so I put on my sports jacket and take off my brain.;Ben Hecht;sports
There is a huge responsibility on all of us to get England through. It would be one of the biggest disasters in sports history if we blew it and we must make sure it does not happen.;Rio Ferdinand;sports
My priority is to turn people - especially kids - on to sports and being active so they don't even have to think about it being good for their health. If people participate for the fun of it, and believe me - it is fun, then fitness programs will be much more successful.;Alan Thicke;sports
On a selfish basis, I really enjoy sports and activity.;Alan Thicke;sports
I did everything - I did newscasts, I did sports, I did dramas.;Alex Trebek;sports
Many forms, sizes and colors, I think there are heroes in sports, in life... It would be cliche to say my dad, my granddad. I think I'm a fan of people who were brave, my aunt, my grandmother, those are my heroes.;George Eads;sports
Everyone I know who is successful has issues with their father, regardless of whether it was sports or business or entertainment.;Bret Easton Ellis;sports
We knew it was going to be the biggest event scheduled in the history of women's sports, but we didn't ever fathom we would be playing before sold-out stadiums all over the country.;Lorrie Fair;sports
Football, basketball, and the Olympic sports all have their problems with banned substances.;Jim Sensenbrenner;sports
These days the temptation to use steroids in sports has become too great for many young athletes.;Jim Sensenbrenner;sports
Several professional athletes have wrongly taught many young Americans by example that the only way to succeed in sports is to take steroids.;Jim Sensenbrenner;sports
In the States, tennis is sixth or seventh on the totem pole as far as sports go.;Andy Roddick;sports
I never got into sports at all until I was in my early 20s, after my music career got going.;Neal Schon;sports
I'm not that clued up on the American sports yet, really.;Retief Goosen;sports
I played a lot of other sports at school and just one day the golf bug bit me and I started playing serious golf from when I was ten years old.;Retief Goosen;sports
Traveling around, it's difficult to follow much TV. Mainly I'm somebody who watches sports.;Retief Goosen;sports
I wanted to be a sportswriter because I loved sports and I could not hit the curve ball, the jump shot, or the opposing ball carrier.;Dick Schaap;sports
It's kind of ironic that the two sports with the greatest characters, boxing and horse racing, have both been on the decline. In both cases it's for the lack of a suitable hero.;Dick Schaap;sports
We should reach out to people to try to go after the fans the way other sports do. Because we can't just depend on the fact that it is a great game.;John McEnroe;sports
I come from a background of hanging out with friends and shooting videos with them, with funny stuff coming out of the group. I guess we got the same charge jocks get out of sports.;Michael Patrick Jann;sports
I've realized the extraordinary power of sports to heal, unite and inspire. I believe the Olympics will serve as the ultimate platform to provide positive changes and I hope to inspire all of Japan through my strong showing there.;Kohei Uchimura;sports
Companies that support sports developmental programs in our communities should also be applauded.;Mary Lou Retton;sports
I worked at my high school newspaper at Andover, which came out weekly, unusual for a high school paper. Then my first day at Penn I went right to the 'Daily Pennsylvanian' and pretty much spent most of my college career working both as the sports editor and then editor of the editorial page.;H. G. Bissinger;sports
I hate ready-made suits, button-down collars, and sports shirts.;Bobby Fischer;sports
I think a big part of our attraction to sport movies are the stories contained within the sports.;Rachel Griffiths;sports
If I stayed a football player, my career would have been over 20 years ago. As it is, my knees are shot. I found I got the same good feeling in acting that I had in sports, but I found I could have a more profound impact on people.;William Petersen;sports
I grew up in New Jersey and my father was a golf pro, so I was groomed for sports, but I wasn't very good, so my interests lay elsewhere.;Joe Dante;sports
In fact, there's a lot to legitimately hate about pro sports and the way they are conducted.;Chad Harbach;sports
I was a ballplayer, but only for a limited time. I grew up playing in Wisconsin. It's a very sports-centric part of the country that I grew up in and I played a lot of sports, but baseball first and foremost. I played through high school. I was a middle-infielder.;Chad Harbach;sports
The two major things that changed the makeup of all professional sports are money generated by television and courts that players went to in order to win their freedom as free agents.;Will McDonough;sports
One of my first jobs was at the Boston Globe. I worked in the sports department six months a year. When I was ready to graduate, the sports editor gave me a job as a schoolboy sports writer.;Will McDonough;sports
I think money in general hurts all sports.;Will McDonough;sports
As a kid I was fascinated with sports, and I loved sports more than anything else. The first books I read were about sports, like books about Baseball Joe, as one baseball hero was called.;Robert Jay Lifton;sports
I always loved the way music made me feel. I did sports at school and all, but when I got home, it was just music. Everybody in my neighborhood loved music. I could jump the back fence and be in the park where there were ghetto blasters everywhere.;Dr. Dre;sports
I am big into water sports and just being out on the water. That is second nature to me, being from Florida.;Jake Owen;sports
