Marriage is good for those who are afraid to sleep alone at night.;St. Jerome;alone
We need quiet time to examine our lives openly and honestly - spending quiet time alone gives your mind an opportunity to renew itself and create order.;Susan Taylor;alone
In any great organization it is far, far safer to be wrong with the majority than to be right alone.;John Kenneth Galbraith;alone
Nothing we do, however virtuous, can be accomplished alone therefore we are saved by love.;Reinhold Niebuhr;alone
Love turns, with a little indulgence, to indifference or disgust hatred alone is immortal.;William Hazlitt;alone
I don't even know how to use a parking meter, let alone a phone box.;Princess Diana;alone
To the press alone, chequered as it is with abuses, the world is indebted for all the triumphs which have been gained by reason and humanity over error and oppression.;James Madison;alone
I think I meant that, given the circumstances of my childhood, I had the illusion that it's easier to be alone. To have your relationships be casual and also to pose as a solitary person, because it was more romantic. You know, I was raised on the idea of the ramblin' man and the loner.;Steve Martin;alone
Bid, then, the tender light of faith to shine By which alone the mortal heart is led Unto the thinking of the thought divine.;George Santayana;alone
No memory is ever alone it's at the end of a trail of memories, a dozen trails that each have their own associations.;Louis L'Amour;alone
We gave up some of our country to the white men, thinking that then we could have peace. We were mistaken. The white man would not let us alone.;Chief Joseph;alone
We don't accomplish anything in this world alone... and whatever happens is the result of the whole tapestry of one's life and all the weavings of individual threads form one to another that creates something.;Sandra Day O'Connor;alone
A man filled with the love of God is not content with blessing his family alone, but ranges through the whole world, anxious to bless the whole human race.;Joseph Smith, Jr.;alone
The best artist has that thought alone Which is contained within the marble shell The sculptor's hand can only break the spell To free the figures slumbering in the stone.;Michelangelo;alone
To love our neighbor as ourselves is such a truth for regulating human society, that by that alone one might determine all the cases in social morality.;John Locke;alone
Throughout my whole life, as a performer, I've never played with a band. I've always played alone, so I was never required to stay in rhythm or anything. So it was a real different experience for me to start playing with a band. There were so many basic things for me to learn.;Steve Martin;alone
We perceive when love begins and when it declines by our embarrassment when alone together.;Jean de la Bruyere;alone
A political prisoner is someone who is out fighting for his or her people's rights and freedom and is imprisoned for that alone.;Leonard Peltier;alone
He who studies books alone will know how things ought to be, and he who studies men will know how they are.;Charles Caleb Colton;alone
Sensual love deceives one as to the nature of heavenly love it could not do so alone, but since it unconsciously has the element of heavenly love within it, it can do so.;Franz Kafka;alone
I once asked a hermit in Italy how he could venture to live alone, in a single cottage, on the top of a mountain, a mile from any habitation? He replied, that Providence was his next-door neighbor.;Laurence Sterne;alone
For what Harley Street specialist has time to understand the body, let alone the mind or both in combination, when he is a slave to thirteen thousand a year?;Virginia Woolf;alone
Rigid, the skeleton of habit alone upholds the human frame.;Virginia Woolf;alone
Whoever thinks that he alone has speech, or possesses speech or mind above others, when unfolded such men are seen to be empty.;Sophocles;alone
The rewards of virtue alone abide secure.;Sophocles;alone
Never trust a man, who when left alone with a tea cosey... Doesn't try it on.;Billy Connolly;alone
It is not necessary that you leave the house. Remain at your table and listen. Do not even listen, only wait. Do not even wait, be wholly still and alone. The world will present itself to you for its unmasking, it can do no other, in ecstasy it will writhe at your feet.;Franz Kafka;alone
At the beginning and at the end of love, the two lovers are embarrassed to find themselves alone.;Jean de la Bruyere;alone
And then when all around grows dark, when we feel utterly alone, when all men right and left pass us by and know us not, a forgotten feeling rises in the breast.;Max Muller;alone
I have three phobias which, could I mute them, would make my life as slick as a sonnet, but as dull as ditch water: I hate to go to bed, I hate to get up, and I hate to be alone.;Tallulah Bankhead;alone
There is a destiny which makes us brothers none goes his way alone. All that we send into the lives of others comes back into our own.;Edwin Markham;alone
We can only know one thing about God - that he is what we are not. Our wretchedness alone is an image of this. The more we contemplate it, the more we contemplate him.;Simone Weil;alone
What troubles me is the Internet and the electronic technology revolution. Shyness is fueled in part by so many people spending huge amounts of time alone, isolated on e-mail, in chat rooms, which reduces their face-to-face contact with other people.;Philip Zimbardo;alone
Genius begins great works labor alone finishes them.;Joseph Joubert;alone
The people, and the people alone, are the motive force in the making of world history.;Mao Zedong;alone
What is it that love does to a woman? Without she only sleeps with it alone, she lives.;Ovid;alone
Man cannot live by bread alone he must have peanut butter.;James A. Garfield;alone
I'm done with men... I'm going to be alone. I have no luck with relationships. I don't think I'm made for marriage.;Halle Berry;alone
I cannot live under pressures from patrons, let alone paint.;Michelangelo;alone
The best of artists has no conception that the marble alone does not contain within itself.;Michelangelo;alone
No woman has to be a victim of physical abuse. Women have to feel like they are not alone.;Salma Hayek;alone
Victims always feel alone and helpless.;Deepak Chopra;alone
It is a great mystery that though the human heart longs for Truth, in which alone it finds liberation and delight, the first reaction of human beings to Truth is one of hostility and fear!;Anthony de Mello;alone
To have striven, to have made the effort, to have been true to certain ideals - this alone is worth the struggle.;William Osler;alone
I'm learning a lot about myself being alone, and doing what I'm doing.;Chantal Kreviazuk;alone
It's time to end the cruel slaughter of whales and leave these magnificent creatures alone.;Paul McCartney;alone
God created man and, finding him not sufficiently alone, gave him a companion to make him feel his solitude more keenly.;Paul Valery;alone
When you stand alone and sell yourself, you can't please everyone. But when you're different, you can last.;Don Rickles;alone
I believe that no man who holds a leader's position should ever accept favors from either side. He is then committed to show favors. A leader must stand alone.;Mother Jones;alone
As far as loneliness, I feel Los Angeles and its layout, having to drive everywhere - it is a lonely place. It's an isolated city in that respect because you're driving to places alone listening to the radio.;Jason Schwartzman;alone
The Bible was a consolation to a fellow alone in the old cell. The lovely thin paper with a bit of matress stuffing in it, if you could get a match, was as good a smoke as I ever tasted.;Brendan Behan;alone
Too small is our world to allow discrimination, bigotry and intolerance to thrive in any corner of it, let alone in the United States of America.;Eliot Engel;alone
When thinking about companions gone, we feel ourselves doubly alone.;Walter Scott;alone
It's better to be healthy alone than sick with someone else.;Phil McGraw;alone
The best thing I've learned is, if you're going out, never go out alone - you leave yourself vulnerable. If you've got someone else there you trust, they can say, be wary of that person. I probably used to be too trusting of people.;Daniel Radcliffe;alone
The strongest man in the world is he who stands most alone.;Henrik Ibsen;alone
Another thing to do with the blues is how they were recorded. They were done on the quick, and some of that stuff was made on wire, not even tape, let alone digital.;Keith Richards;alone
Golf... is the infallible test. The man who can go into a patch of rough alone, with the knowledge that only God is watching him, and play his ball where it lies, is the man who will serve you faithfully and well.;P. G. Wodehouse;alone
Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are your ready?';Johnny Carson;alone
Recommend to your children virtue that alone can make them happy, not gold.;Ludwig van Beethoven;alone
I'm a happy man, because I am successful in what I do, of course but what makes me most happy is I have people around me that I love and who love me back. This, for me, is the most important thing. Nobody likes to be alone.;Novak Djokovic;alone
True thoughts are those alone which do not understand themselves.;Theodor Adorno;alone
No harm comes to man from outside alone: dumbness is the objective spirit.;Theodor Adorno;alone
I have nothing to hide in art. The initial force alone can bring anyone to the end he must attain.;Paul Cezanne;alone
We're all in this alone.;Lily Tomlin;alone
When they are alone they want to be with others, and when they are with others they want to be alone. After all, human beings are like that.;Gertrude Stein;alone
This avidity alone, of acquiring goods and possessions for ourselves and our nearest friends, is insatiable, perpetual, universal, and directly destructive of society.;David Hume;alone
If I want to be alone, some place I can write, I can read, I can pray, I can cry, I can do whatever I want - I go to the bathroom.;Alicia Keys;alone
It's motive alone which gives character to the actions of men.;Jean de la Bruyere;alone
I love clothes, but I don't know what to put on myself, let alone others. I have a lot of help getting dressed.;Jennifer Aniston;alone
I know what men want. Men want to be really, really close to someone who will leave them alone.;Elayne Boosler;alone
Sometimes, when I'm alone, I put on six inch heels and wear nothing else and dance around in front of the mirror and do my little stripper dance.;Tori Spelling;alone
If I'm alone too long I think too much, and I'm not interested in doing that. That won't lead anywhere good, I'm sure. If I'm busy I tend to stay out of trouble. An idle mind is the devil's playground.;Lisa Marie Presley;alone
Probably only an art-worlder like me could assign deeper meaning to something as simple and silly as Tebowing. But, to us, anytime people repeat a stance or a little dance, alone or together, we see that it can mean something. Imagistic and unspoken language is our thing.;Jerry Saltz;alone
There's one Baldessari work I genuinely love and would like to own, maybe because of my Midwestern roots and love of driving alone. 'The backs of all the trucks passed while driving from Los Angeles to Santa Barbara, California, Sunday, 20 January 1963' consists of a grid of 32 small color photographs depicting just what the title says.;Jerry Saltz;alone
The only time I commit to conspiracy theories is when something way retarded happens. Like Lee Harvey Oswald acting alone.;Joe Rogan;alone
A task becomes a duty from the moment you suspect it to be an essential part of that integrity which alone entitles a man to assume responsibility.;Dag Hammarskjold;alone
Getting through the nights is the toughest part. Being alone. Not having her there to talk to.;Stuart Appleby;alone
Slump, and the world slumps with you. Push, and you push alone.;Laurence J. Peter;alone
We are so bound together that no man can labor for himself alone. Each blow he strikes in his own behalf helps to mold the universe.;Jerome K. Jerome;alone
I think it's interesting that 'cologne' rhymes with 'alone.';Demetri Martin;alone
Your experiences will be yours alone. But truth and best friendship will rarely if ever disappoint you.;Anne Lamott;alone
Another thing I like to do is sit back and take in nature. To look at the birds, listen to their singing, go hiking, camping and jogging and running, walking along the beach, playing games and sometimes being alone with the great outdoors. It's very special to me.;Larry Wilcox;alone
When I was producing on my own, I was doing it in order to - in a very patriarchal entertainment industry, let alone planet - very much hell-bent on trying to prove to myself, if nothing else, that I could do it as a woman.;Alanis Morissette;alone
I was always such a people-watcher. I would sit on street corners alone and watch people and make up stories about them in my head. Then, all of a sudden, I was the one being watched.;Alanis Morissette;alone
Fear of serious injury alone cannot justify oppression of free speech and assembly. Men feared witches and burnt women. It is the function of speech to free men from the bondage of irrational fears.;Louis D. Brandeis;alone
Education alone can conduct us to that enjoyment which is, at once, best in quality and infinite in quantity.;Horace Mann;alone
I have the handicap of being born with a special language to which I alone have the key.;Gustave Flaubert;alone
We all get stuck. We all lose ourselves a little bit in a fantasy or in our jobs and forget how we feel about other things. It's really important to check yourself, to spend some time alone.;Amanda Seyfried;alone
Is it not by love alone that we succeed in penetrating to the very essence of being?;Igor Stravinsky;alone
India is the meeting place of the religions and among these Hinduism alone is by itself a vast and complex thing, not so much a religion as a great diversified and yet subtly unified mass of spiritual thought, realization and aspiration.;Sri Aurobindo;alone
The strong man is strongest when alone.;Friedrich Schiller;alone
We were alone. Where, I could not say, hardly imagine. All was black, and such a dense black that, after some minutes, my eyes had not been able to discern even the faintest glimmer.;Jules Verne;alone
A man is never completely alone in this world. At the worst, he has the company of a boy, a youth, and by and by a grown man - the one he used to be.;Cesare Pavese;alone
I was passionate. I found something that I loved. I could be all alone in a big old skating rink and nobody could get near me and I didn't have to talk to anybody because of my shyness. It was great. I was in my fantasy world.;Dorothy Hamill;alone
To stand up on a stage alone with an acoustic guitar requires bravery bordering on heroism. Bordering on insanity.;Richard Thompson;alone
I'm a teenager, but I'm independent - I have my own apartment, I have my own life. And I think I have learned more than any of those teenagers have in school. I learned to be responsible, leaving my family and coming here alone.;Adriana Lima;alone
Offspring, the due performance on religious rites, faithful service, highest conjugal happiness and heavenly bliss for the ancestors and oneself, depend on one's wife alone.;Guru Nanak;alone
Look at the Afghans, during the time of the Soviet invasion. They were among the poorest Muslims in the world, yet they were sustained by their faith in God, and God alone.;Abu Bakar Bashir;alone
