I don't believe in dieting.;Joan Collins;diet
Our society's strong emphasis on dieting and self-image can sometimes lead to eating disorders. We know that more than 5 million Americans suffer from eating disorders, most of them young women.;Tipper Gore;diet
As I mentioned previously, the tools that allow for optimum health are diet and exercise.;Bill Toomey;diet
High-quality food is better for your health.;Michael Pollan;diet
If you've got a big gut and you start doing sit-ups, you are going to get bigger because you build up the muscle. You've got to get rid of that fat! How do you get rid of fat? By changing your diet.;Jack LaLanne;diet
The only way you get that fat off is to eat less and exercise more.;Jack LaLanne;diet
I am not naturally that thin, so I had to go through everything from using drugs to diet pills to laxatives to fasting. Those were my main ways of controlling my weight.;Carre Otis;diet
I never diet. I smoke. I drink now and then. I never work out.;Naomi Campbell;diet
I used to be hung up on my figure, but it's a waste of time. I don't believe in diets. Have four pints one night, be healthy the next.;Sophie Ellis Bextor;diet
Each of us should take personal responsibility for our diet, and our children's diet, and the government's role should be to make certain it provides the best information possible to help people stay healthy.;Jim Talent;diet
The circuit training program along with a healthy clean diet is the way to excellent results.;Lee Haney;diet
A safe and nutritionally adequate diet is a basic individual right and an essential condition for sustainable development, especially in developing countries.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;diet
Such lifestyle factors such as cigarette smoking, excessive alcohol consumption, little physical activity and low dietary calcium intake are risk factors for osteoporosis as well as for many other non-communicable diseases.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;diet
I'm lucky, I don't like sweets, not even chocolate.;Eva Herzigova;diet
People who shop in health food stores never look healthy.;Amy Sedaris;diet
I started dieting. I dieted, dieted, dieted and tried all the diets and I would lose and then I would go back to normal eating and would put it on and then some.;Suzanne Somers;diet
It seems every year, people make the resolution to exercise and lose weight and get in shape.;Ed Smith;diet
I have been dairy free for several years, and I started because I felt it was going to reduce my allergies, which it did, and help me lose weight, which it did.;Fran Drescher;diet
We can all put weight on or lose weight.;Keith Emerson;diet
Feeding is a very important ritual for me. I don't trust people who don't like to eat.;Gina Gershon;diet
My experience as a school nurse taught me that we need to make a concerted effort, all of us, to increase physical fitness activity among our children and to encourage all Americans to adopt a healthier diet that includes fruits and vegetables, but there is more.;Lois Capps;diet
I'm very girly. I love to talk about diets, exercise, kids, make-up.;Rachel Hunter;diet
As for those grapefruit and buttermilk diets, I'll take roast chicken and dumplings.;Hattie McDaniel;diet
I highly recommend worrying. It is much more effective than dieting.;William Powell;diet
It looks to me to be obvious that the whole world cannot eat an American diet.;Jerry Brown;diet
I don't believe in depriving myself of any food or being imprisoned by a diet.;Joely Fisher;diet
A boxer's diet should be low in fat and high in proteins and sugar. Therefore you should eat plenty of lean meat, milk, leafy vegetables, and fresh fruit and ice cream for sugar.;Gene Tunney;diet
I've been on a diet for two weeks and all I've lost is two weeks.;Totie Fields;diet
I am now in that happy comfortable state that I do not hesitate to indulge in any fancy in regard to diet, but watch the consequences, and do not continue any course which adds to weight or bulk and consequent discomfort.;William Banting;diet
Leave the table while you still feel you could eat a little more.;Helena Rubinstein;diet
You can't be fat and fast, too so lift, run, diet and work.;Hank Stram;diet
I don't believe in fad diets.;Jenny Craig;diet
Dieting is murder on the road. Show me a man who travels and I'll show you one who eats.;Bruce Froemming;diet
A friend doesn't go on a diet because you are fat.;Erma Bombeck;diet
In the course of my life, I have often had to eat my words, and I must confess that I have always found it a wholesome diet.;Winston Churchill;diet
Bodybuilding is much like any other sport. To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet and mental approach.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;diet
Food is an important part of a balanced diet.;Fran Lebowitz;diet
There were years when I was a beer and tequila guy, then I got real fat. And then I found that you could actually go on a diet and drink scotch. Then I got hooked on scotch, and if you get hooked on scotch, then everything else just tastes wrong.;Ron White;diet
Healthy people are those who live in healthy homes on a healthy diet in an environment equally fit for birth, growth work, healing, and dying... Healthy people need no bureaucratic interference to mate, give birth, share the human condition and die.;Ivan Illich;diet
I still indulge in a glass of wine or chocolate - treats are mandatory. Without deviating from the day-to-day healthy diet once in a while, it wouldn't be sustainable for me, and that's what I wanted: an approach to eating to last my entire life.;Alanis Morissette;diet
I've just been growing right along. It's painful, but it's a great pain, and I like suffering for great results. It's like going to the gym. It hurts really bad at first, but after a couple of months and after that diet, you're looking so hot.;Mary J. Blige;diet
If I go on a diet and work out, I'm always in a bad mood. I'd rather be a little heavier but nice.;Salma Hayek;diet
Hate is a draining bottomless pit from whence nothing good or of any value can come. Try to eat a balanced diet. Guys only want one thing.;Christopher Meloni;diet
It's never been an issue for me - I don't want to go on a diet, I don't want to eat a Caesar salad with no dressing, why would I do that? I ain't got time for this, just be happy and don't be stupid. If I've got a boyfriend and he loves my body then I'm not worried.;Adele;diet
An optimist is a person who starts a new diet on Thanksgiving Day.;Irv Kupcinet;diet
And I believe that the best buy in public health today must be a combination of regular physical exercise and a healthy diet.;Julie Bishop;diet
The best doctors in the world are Doctor Diet, Doctor Quiet, and Doctor Merryman.;Jonathan Swift;diet
Childhood obesity is best tackled at home through improved parental involvement, increased physical exercise, better diet and restraint from eating.;Bob Filner;diet
I have to be on such a strict diet constantly.;Lady Gaga;diet
For four to six months at a time, I would barely eat. I lived on a diet of Melba toast, carrots, and black coffee.;Alanis Morissette;diet
The USDA is not our ally here. We have to take matters into our own hands, not only by advocating for a better diet for everyone - and that's the hard part - but by improving our own. And that happens to be quite easy. Less meat, less junk, more plants.;Mark Bittman;diet
The heart, like the stomach, wants a varied diet.;Gustave Flaubert;diet
I'm only drinking white wine because I'm on a diet and I don't eat.;Oliver Reed;diet
I drink Diet Coke from the minute I get up to the minute I go to bed.;Karl Lagerfeld;diet
I'm a wonderful disaster. So are you. We're all a mess. We're in this culture that says take this pill and you'll be happy, go on this diet and you'll be thinner, have your teeth whitened, people will love you more.;Emilio Estevez;diet
Cutting meat out of your diet is the best thing you can do for animals and your own health.;Joan Jett;diet
The medical literature tells us that the most effective ways to reduce the risk of heart disease, cancer, stroke, diabetes, Alzheimer's, and many more problems are through healthy diet and exercise. Our bodies have evolved to move, yet we now use the energy in oil instead of muscles to do our work.;David Suzuki;diet
I need my food to keep my energy up, so I can't really diet.;Sienna Miller;diet
I absolutely relate to being alone in squalor, trying to come up with something adequate. I relate to that, and I've been known to crawl out of bed and drink out of a 2-liter bottle of Diet Coke.;Diablo Cody;diet
Environmental concern is a little like dieting or paying off credit-card debt - an episodically terrific idea that burns brightly and then seems to fade when we realize there's a reason we need to diet or pay down our debt. The reason is that it's really, really hard, and too many of us in too many spheres of life choose the easy over the hard.;Jon Meacham;diet
I put on fifteen pounds of muscle, so that was a lot of eating chicken and a high protein, low-carb diet. Also a lot of heavy lifting and a very different kind of training with an ex-navy SEAL guy who wanted to kill me every time I got with him. In a good way.;Josh Hutcherson;diet
I don't do the gym and I don't diet. I'm vegetarian but I don't diet.;Pamela Anderson;diet
Weight Watchers is not intimidating. It's not a diet. It's a lifestyle.;Jessica Simpson;diet
The one thing I like about 'Playboy' is they don't have the anorexic look. The women are voluptuous. So I didn't really want to diet. I just wanted to tone up.;Jenny McCarthy;diet
In the 1970s we got nouvelle cuisine, in which a lot of the old rules were kicked over. And then we had cuisine minceur, which people mixed up with nouvelle cuisine but was actually fancy diet cooking.;Julia Child;diet
You don't want to make a steady diet of just lettuce. You don't want to make a steady diet of fried chicken.;Paula Deen;diet
I'm terrible with my workout regime and following it strictly. I'm terrible with a healthy diet and following it strictly. I'm terrible on the weekends about getting up at reasonable hours and all of those things. But, when it comes to my work and the discipline it takes to get to work on time - I hate unprofessionalism.;Katherine Heigl;diet
We always think of a diet with a big groan. But I think diets are fun. I think it is an American pastime for a lot of women.;Mindy Kaling;diet
Frankly, I don't trust any diet that doesn't allow sugar.;Bethenny Frankel;diet
I don't care how pumped up or psyched you are to start a new diet or a new program - that emotion will fade.;Phil McGraw;diet
It's my firm intention to whop cancer into submission and I truly believe I've given myself the best start possible by radically overhauling my diet and by staying true to my motto, which is: Don't worry, be happy, feel good. The first thing I did when I was diagnosed was to turn vegan.;Larry Hagman;diet
For so many years, I felt so insecure, so inferior, and I still have those moments, but I have a newfound confidence since I got in shape and changed my diet.;Marc Jacobs;diet
My interesting diet tips are eat early and don't nosh between meals. I mean, I can pack it away.;Carol Burnett;diet
I try not to be but I'm super-neurotic about diet. I'm neurotic about trying not to be neurotic! I'm like every other girl. I have to try really hard my whole life to try to be fit. And I'm super-vain. And I want to wear cute clothes.;Gwen Stefani;diet
A balanced diet may be the best medicine. I was eating too much good eats. But people consider that part of your job, you know? Eat. And I do!;Alton Brown;diet
I saw many people who had advanced heart disease and I was so frustrated because I knew if they just knew how to do the right thing, simple lifestyle and diet steps, that the entire trajectory of their life and health would have been different.;Mehmet Oz;diet
There's no quick or magical way to lose weight. You just have to do it the natural way - diet and exercise and stick to it - and be able to do it at your own pace.;Jordin Sparks;diet
I am fussy, about my diet and straining my voice. I know, sounds a bit over the top. But I'm not as bad as I used to be. These days I don't drink alcohol for five days before a show - very dehydrating for the vocal cords, and all that acid reflux. I used to ban it for a fortnight. Nightmare.;Katherine Jenkins;diet
I do follow a version of the Dukan diet, but I don't follow it to the extreme so a lot of fish and vegetables. If I want chocolate I'll let myself have a bit of chocolate in moderation.;Katherine Jenkins;diet
Right now I'd love to be sitting on a Greek island somewhere because of being Greek American, eating great octopus salad and some fantastic lamb. Or sipping a little ouzo. I think the Mediterranean diet is one of the healthiest... Lots of nuts, vegetables, fruits, fresh fish, lean meats, yogurt.;Cat Cora;diet
I always had to diet. I'm diabetic, so it's a lifestyle for me anyway just to stay healthy and not end up in the hospital.;Halle Berry;diet
My nutritionist has done a great job in changing my diet after we established I am allergic to things like gluten - I can't eat pizza, pasta and bread. I have lost some weight, but my movement is sharper and I feel great.;Novak Djokovic;diet
I pay attention to my diet to be a healthier gymnast, but I'm not obsessive over it.;Shawn Johnson;diet
As American as an apple is and as American as baseball is, they don't go together. You can't be chewing an apple at a baseball game. You've got to let go of the diet that day.;Kevin James;diet
For me, it's all about moderation. I don't kick things out of my diet, like carbs. But I'm not going to eat fast food.;Bobby Flay;diet
I can't be on the cheeseburger diet all the time.;Bobby Flay;diet
But if you pick up every other magazine, it is the peanut butter diet, or the cabbage soup diet, and then you go to the radio and you hear that you can drink some solution and you will lose weight overnight. It just does not work that way!;Richard Simmons;diet
I try not to diet because it never really works for me, if I tell myself I can't eat something then I tend to want to eat everything in sight.;Leona Lewis;diet
Our pets rely on us entirely for their nutrition. So if you're making your own judgments, that could lead to a mistake. At the same time, we have more control over our pet's diet than we do with our children or with ourselves, so your vet can tell you what is appropriate for your dog and you can assign them that.;Alison Sweeney;diet
Since having the babies, I realize that 90 percent of losing weight is my diet.;Mariah Carey;diet
Unless you're living on the street and surviving on a diet of discarded turkey drumsticks, there's no point in being gloomy. We've spent too long trying to cheer ourselves up by spending money on brightly coloured things we don't really need. We've stopped using our imaginations.;Jarvis Cocker;diet
I had to find a diet that would kick me back into dating shape, because I know that I can't date at size 8. I have to date at size 2. And it's just a fact of nature. Go get your injections and your chemical peels. You gotta look good to attract a man.;Patti Stanger;diet
I'm on the Sensa diet. It's a little magic powder based on Dr. Hirsh's clinical trials and studies and it basically signals the brain that you're full through smellology.;Patti Stanger;diet
But I don't do the diet thing anymore. I'm a big believer in feeding your body what it needs. Deny yourself something and you're going to end up shoving your face full of it.;Ashley Greene;diet
Sometimes I've had to put myself on a diet.;Roger Moore;diet
I was a vegan for two years, and I really enjoyed it. Then, I got to a point in my life at which I wanted to do something else, so now I'm a vegetarian. You should make your diet one that best fits you and how you feel. Listen to your body. The most important thing is to exercise, drink lots of water, and take really good care of yourself.;Lea Michele;diet
I would eat healthy at times and pig out at times. But I never had to go on a strict diet plan.;Tori Spelling;diet
As for my diet, I try to eat lean, clean and healthy - nothing too surprising. And I avoid too much meat or dairy because they slow you down.;Bear Grylls;diet
I became a vegetarian out of compassion for animals and to live as healthy as possible. I realized soon after that I was truly concerned with nonviolent consumption and my own health, a vegan diet was the best decision.;Davey Havok;diet
