In Italy, I had an Afro, and a lot of the kids came up and felt my hair. It really was funny. I wish I had understood Italian.;Sugar Ray Leonard;funny
I think a lot comes from having the experience of doing stand-up comedy. It allows you to figure out the psychology of an audience what things are funny and not.;Keenen Ivory Wayans;funny
Life is funny and it is interesting how we make it as serious as possible.;Elisha Cuthbert;funny
It's funny, though, speaking of fathers and sons, because me and John Goodman played father and son, like, five or six years ago in the film 'Death Sentence,' and I got back with him again in 'Inside Llewyn Davis.';Garrett Hedlund;funny
It's funny that I got to do 'On the Road' because the thing that had the biggest impact on me growing up was reading books. I was very inspired by the book and this spirit of Dean Moriarty and how envious we all are of somebody who can be that carefree.;Garrett Hedlund;funny
It's funny - I read that women look to chiseled-faced guys for one-night stands, and to round-faced guys for marriage. When I'm rounder in the face, I like to say, 'This is my long-term look.' Or 'This is my wife-and-kids look right here.';Garrett Hedlund;funny
This is the great thing about Northern Ireland. I walk down the street and people stop me and say things like, 'I know you. You're that wee golfer, aren't you?' I say, 'Yeah, that's me.' They say, 'Keep it up, wee man.' It's very funny and that's why I want to stay here as long as possible.;Rory McIlroy;funny
I have an all-Japanese design team, and none of them speak English. So it's often funny and surprising how my ideas end up lost in translation.;Pharrell Williams;funny
The most important thing is to write material that YOU think is funny. If you don't think it's funny, but you're convinced that other people will think it is, well they won't.;Mo Rocca;funny
When it comes to war, we focus more on the mainstream coverage of the event, rather than the event itself. People dying is never funny. Protest puppets are always funny.;Mo Rocca;funny
I think that Obama is very cool. And I think he's clever, and I think he can be witty. But I don't think he's funny in either the way that Reagan was funny - or John McCain and Dick Cheney are both funny in that ruthless, kind of mean way.;Mo Rocca;funny
We want to be funny. We want to make people laugh... We'll do whatever it takes.;Colin Mochrie;funny
But, sooner or later I'd love to do a comedy. I mean I think that, you know, people don't think that that's in my wheelhouse because I've sort of played a lot of dramatic stuff and that's certainly a side of myself that I want at some point in the right context, in the right stuff, that I find really funny.;Matthew Fox;funny
I love nerds. Comic-Con junkies are the tastemakers of tomorrow. Isn't that funny? The tables have turned.;Kristen Bell;funny
I think the Cold War works as a great analogy or simile for different kinds of conflict. It's funny, when you look back at it, it's one of the last times that the boundaries were clear. Now, as we see on 'Homeland,' there are no clear boundaries and enemies.;Matthew Rhys;funny
I always just wanted to be funny. I never really planned to be scary.;R. L. Stine;funny
I started writing when I was 9 years old. I was like this weird kid who would just stay in my room, typing little funny magazines and drawing comic strips.;R. L. Stine;funny
The token gay character is always so funny and so fantastic. That's happened a lot. Or they're often purely victims.;Ezra Miller;funny
You can't be funny if you don't have good material.;Matt LeBlanc;funny
I have funny bones. If there's ever any kind of tension, I'll always be the one to try and be funny to loosen things up.;Matt LeBlanc;funny
It's funny - nowadays people that are famous get chased by paparazzi. They have this fame, but they don't have the money to hide from it.;Matt LeBlanc;funny
Being funny with a funny voice is more my comfort zone, a broader character that I try to humanize, a kind of silly or wacky persona that I try to fill in.;Hank Azaria;funny
You can't be funny for funny's sake. You try to get as outrageous situation as you can but it always has to be believable and based in real character motivations and what people would really do.;Hank Azaria;funny
It's funny, because I sometimes feel that I'm most creative when I'm pregnant.;Georgina Chapman;funny
Johnny Rotten. He's a big fan of mine. I used to see him out in the audience in England and he'd stand up and holler. He's funny. Smart too, and a nice guy. Don't think he's a jerk because he isn't.;Don Van Vliet;funny
If people want to compete for leadership of a religious group, they can compete in piety. A chilling thought. Or funny.;Mary Douglas;funny
Back in the '70s, like one of my favorite movies ever was 'The Bad News Bears', and that was a kids' movie, but I don't think of it that way. I think of it as just a great movie because Walter Matthau was so funny and so harsh with those kids.;Jack Black;funny
I just couldn't go back to Suddenly Susan after David Strickland's suicide. I didn't see how we could make the show light and funny any more.;Judd Nelson;funny
It's funny now how much we look at - whatever you want to call it: art, design, culture stuff, film - online, and how in the online world, you're instantly global.;Mike Mills;funny
One can always come up with funny lists and jokes. You know what? I take it back. Not everyone can always come up with funny lists and some jokes. I'm very lucky to have a gift where I can do that pretty ably.;John Hodgman;funny
People forget how outcast 'They Might Be Giants' can be. They have a reputation for writing really deft, funny, clever melodies, and they also make a lot of music for kids, which is terrific, but when you see them in concert, they can rock the house.;John Hodgman;funny
It's so funny looking back, but my so-called overnight success actually took 15 years. I remember when I didn't have any money, and my only car was mom's Hyundai.;Criss Angel;funny
Mmmm... the comedy that matters is the comedy you pull out of thin air. It's a bit like when something funny has happened and you try to explain it to someone else and end up saying, 'You had to be there.';Jack Dee;funny
Plus, I love comic writing. Nothing satisfies me more than finding a funny way to phrase something.;Michael Pollan;funny
It's funny, because I'm a man of strong opinions and when I make one, I stand by it even if it starts to appear incorrect to me after a while.;Danny Bonaduce;funny
I think I have a dark view of the world. I have to make everything funny, otherwise it all seems so sad.;Moon Unit Zappa;funny
It's sad and upsetting when you see somebody crying hysterically, but at the same time it's real funny.;Seth Green;funny
Well in the book Carrie was my alter ego. In real life, Sarah Jessica and I don't look anything alike. But people do say that we sound alike. Sarah Jessica is an adorable girl and she is very funny.;Candace Bushnell;funny
I think if actors don't think of themselves as funny in real life they think they can't do comedy.;Ben Barnes;funny
I joke around a lot about the manic times because they're funny. We manics do outrageous things and it is part of our colorful nature.;Patty Duke;funny
I like all Jim Carrey films. They're really funny.;Rupert Grint;funny
Yes, I believe blue material is funny, but if that's all you've got, you're dead in the water. It's not good.;Howard Stern;funny
I'm not a very serious person. You know how they say that clowns are very funny in public and are really sad at home? I'm really kind of stupid at home and more serious in public.;Roland Joffe;funny
It's funny, because I did all of these interviews as soon as I had the baby, and they were asking questions, and I really didn't have an idea of anything, because I was so blurry.;Emily Procter;funny
That's a funny thing, fame. People definitely do treat you differently. When you begin to be successful, people say, 'Don't go changing.' Well, that's easy to say, but the fact is, you don't change at all - other people do.;Jonathan Rhys Meyers;funny
I tell girls all the time that the men that have fallen in love with me, have all fallen during a man repeller stage... funny how life works out like that.;Rachel Roy;funny
I think it's really important for celebrities to use their power of money and fame to get their voices out there. It's funny to me that we're expected to keep quiet just because of who we are. Why do I lose my right to speak my mind because I'm famous?;Lisa Edelstein;funny
I'm not a movie guy, I'm not a TV sitcom guy, but whatever seems to fit and is funny is good for me.;Dave Attell;funny
You have to understand the tone of the movie, because if it's supposed to be funny, it can be funny violent like the Home Alone stuff, but you have to really understand the tone of what you're doing and make the action work for that and for the character.;David R. Ellis;funny
I really love 'Soapdish.' I wish 'Soapdish' had more of a moment because I felt that that is a really strong, funny movie. Kevin Kline is hilarious in that movie.;Elisabeth Shue;funny
I don't know. I think it's funny! I think it's funny! I go, what? It's so absurd. I'm alone.;Danny DeVito;funny
It's funny that all these goths paint their faces with such white make-up and that is the actual colour of my skin, I am that pale!;Kelly Osbourne;funny
To this day, I've found that it doesn't matter what a guy looks like if he's really funny. His sense of humor makes him attractive. On the other hand, you don't hear men saying, 'No she's not pretty, but is she ever funny!';Catherine O'Hara;funny
Everything seems fine until you're about 40. Then something is definitely beginning to go wrong. And you look in the mirror with your old habit of thinking, 'While I accept that everyone grows old and dies, it's a funny thing, but I'm an exception to that rule.';Martin Amis;funny
It's funny, but when I arrived in California to start college I was much more interested in becoming a surfer and cruise along in life from one beach to the next. I didn't plan out any huge career for myself.;Benicio Del Toro;funny
I was going through a little bit of turbulence in my career. And so, it's funny how turbulence itself will make you hold onto something for security. And so the only thing I knew is trust in the Lord and lean not unto your own heart, in all thy ways acknowledge him and he shall direct thy path.;Emmitt Smith;funny
I actually feel like, for a lot of my career, I wasn't able to show my comedic range. I did a lot of dramas and dramedies. I was on 'E.R.' That's not generally thought of as a funny show.;Busy Philipps;funny
I have an older sister named Haley and she wanted to be an actress. So I wanted to be an actress. It's really funny the way that some people don't give kids enough credit for like really being driven, and really wanting to do things so badly.;Hilary Duff;funny
If I'm in something funny, I like to try and find some kind of serious line in it that people can relate to.;Ron Livingston;funny
If you could cross a lion and a monkey, that's what I'd be, because monkeys are funny and lions are strong.;Marlon Wayans;funny
I'm good at coming up with wacky characters and funny dialogue.;Marlon Wayans;funny
Comedy clubs can be brutal. Those people are for real, and if you aren't funny, they aren't laughing. They don't care who you are.;Marlon Wayans;funny
Gotta stay in the gym, stay funny, stay sharp. I just love working.;Marlon Wayans;funny
I think it's actually a misperception that I am a comedic actress. I do more drama than comedy but very little of it has been seen. When you are in big funny movies and they do well and your little part in it kind of explodes people perceive you as a comedian.;Octavia Spencer;funny
I don't think of myself as a comedian, but as an artist, a scientist and chemist who just happens to be funny. I started doing stand-up to add another level to my game. I feel that I'm a young rookie with a veteran's skill.;Marlon Wayans;funny
I feel cheesy when I see 'Silver Spoons.' Some of it was funny, but some of it was just cheese! My kids love it, but I look at it and cringe.;Ricky Schroder;funny
I've got to get on myself to be sharp, funny and loose.;David Spade;funny
Sometimes I am so dry that people don't know I'm kidding and think I'm being serious. I enjoy this because their reactions are often funny.;Robert Crais;funny
I would love to play 'Funny Girl' or 'Evita,' but I idolize the women who have played those parts. I don't know if there needs to be another version of those shows.;Idina Menzel;funny
I understand a woman who validates herself by getting attention from the opposite sex. I have a friend who is that to a T... Doesn't mean she isn't a good person. That's a funny character to play.;Cheryl Hines;funny
At school I was very shy. I wasn't funny really.;Michel Gondry;funny
I love weird or funny or beautiful sentences Joy Williams could write a microwave-oven manual and I'm sure I'd love it, because the sentences would be tuned up like music.;Karen Russell;funny
I remember listening to the radio as a kid and finding that the songs always made me feel more peaceful. Funny, but the more hurtin' the music was, the better it made me feel. I think of that now when I write my songs. I may not be feelin' the blues myself, but I'm writing them for other people who have a hard life.;Chris Isaak;funny
What was funny if you were there is that we were all immensely sophisticated people who knew exactly what she was going to say and we're chatting away, nice to see you.;Anthony Holden;funny
I'm so unprofessional on set it's not even funny.;Katharine McPhee;funny
It's funny that it all becomes about clothes. It's bizarre. You work your butt off and then you win an award and it's all about your dress. You can't get away from it.;Reese Witherspoon;funny
I follow the most random people on Twitter. I follow famous people like Khloe Kardashian, who surprisingly makes really funny tweets all the time.;Chloe Moretz;funny
I was not particularly bright, I wasn't very athletic, I was a little too tall, odd, funny looking, I was just really weird as a kid.;Uma Thurman;funny
I think it's so funny when people think they can't control a movie star. They can. We're just women, you know.;Esther Williams;funny
I always approach comedy roles pretending they aren't funny.;Brendan Fraser;funny
I feel funny about owning art. I don't really want to say: 'Wow, come and see my Monet - it's in a dark room at the bottom of my cellar.';Baz Luhrmann;funny
I love Mikhail Bulgakov. He is very original and takes the story to unexpected places. I didn't realise political writing could be so funny.;Denise Mina;funny
And there's a visceral fun in watching Team America and making it, like taking a puppet and throwing it against the wall. Because it's not CG, there's something funny about it.;Matt Stone;funny
So often, I read scripts and am like, 'This would never happen in real life. It's not trying to be funny. It's trying to be serious.';Shailene Woodley;funny
Acting is all about big hair and funny props... All the great actors knew it. Olivier knew it, Brando knew it.;Harold Ramis;funny
Billy Crystal knows how to make people laugh. He's got 30 years on stage... there's no telling him what's funny.;Harold Ramis;funny
I'm not a believer in the pratfall. I don't think it's funny just to have someone fall down.;Harold Ramis;funny
They did that little thing on South Park, and they mentioned my name and had a character of me judging a Halloween contest. It was really funny.That made me the coolest aunt on earth.;Tina Yothers;funny
There's a constant flow of child actors. It's kind of funny to watch the new crew come through. I think, You poor little things. You're going to have to struggle for a long time.;Tina Yothers;funny
It's funny, growing up there was never anybody around me with any kind of artistic bent.;Nick Offerman;funny
When I was in college, I was in the theater department, which for anyone who has been involved in any kind of theater program, you know that it's really wacky and tight-knit, a real family. Me and my good friends from college would do random shows and plays that were sometimes serious, but most of the time really goofy and funny.;Darren Criss;funny
With Portlandia, I don't think our intention is always to find something funny. Sometimes the humor comes from taking something really seriously. We're okay with making somebody feel uncomfortable or uneasy.;Carrie Brownstein;funny
I got to play with Nintendo's Wii, yes it's a funny name and not very revolutionary but it was fun whipping your arms around.;Olivia Munn;funny
Jon Stewart hires people that he thinks are funny. That's it. That's the only requirement.;Olivia Munn;funny
It is possible in this world to be pretty and funny and successful all at the same time.;Olivia Munn;funny
I think it's always funny when somebody thinks you're going to do something super sexy and then you don't.;Olivia Munn;funny
Sometimes in the most tragic situation, something just profoundly funny happens.;David Hyde Pierce;funny
And I think that being able to make people laugh and write a book that's funny makes the information go down a lot easier and it makes it a lot more fun to read, easier to understand, and often stronger. So there's all kinds of advantages to it.;Al Franken;funny
It is funny what a year can do.;Victor Cruz;funny
