You see, that is it with music, you never stop learning.;Dennis Brown;learning
Learning how to work and learning how to fail is important.;Jamie Moyer;learning
I'm learning with the older that I get that some feelings are just universal and that I'm not the only one who hates their hair or their life at times.;Brie Larson;learning
I didn't have a regular school experience and wanted a more abstract way of learning. I started exploring in lots of different creative ways. It gave me the opportunity to travel and play music, so it was good for me.;Brie Larson;learning
Learning about all those different things psychologically - about grief and my own addictions and problems and stuff like that, and really getting an education on it, I think it was part of the process of it, learning about it and trying to lick it.;Richie Sambora;learning
I am a candid interview and I have a dark and dry sense of humor - a very Canadian sense of humor and I am only learning now stupidly that you can't read tongue. When I say something funny in a newspaper and I meant it to be funny, it doesn't read that way.;Michael Buble;learning
I was delighted to have lines when they came - learning lines for film isn't a problem, but television is a little different, because we shot those shows the whole way through.;David Selby;learning
I had been here five years already, training very hard, learning about the systems, the shuttle, the station systems. But, everything really became real when I started to work with them.;Philippe Perrin;learning
Writing is learning to say nothing, more cleverly each day.;William Allingham;learning
I spent a lot of years just learning my craft and falling down in front of the camera.;Thomas Jane;learning
The experience of learning how to get straight to the core of a problem proved to be of immense value later when I had a long succession of responsibilities in large, complex government departments.;Elliot Richardson;learning
But the mechanics of learning to 'throw your voice' are pretty simple. Anyone with a tongue, an upper palate, teeth, and a normal speaking voice can learn ventriloquism.;Jeff Dunham;learning
What makes this story so remarkable is that throughout my early childhood I had ongoing learning difficulties, particularly in mathematics. I struggled to learn the multiplication table, and no matter how hard I tried, I simply couldn't remember 6 times 7 or 7 times 8.;Andrew Lo;learning
And initially, a lot of companies avoid trying to make a really radical new kind of title for a new system, because that would involve learning a new machine and learning how to make the new title at the same time.;Trip Hawkins;learning
Studying literature at Harvard is like learning about women at the Mayo clinic.;Roy Blount, Jr.;learning
I make personal appearances around the country. I'm starting a book tour now, and I may be coming to Toronto with the Learning Annex, which I'm doing all through the United States, so that may come up just before Christmas.;Burt Ward;learning
The day you stop learning and creating must be the most boring day.;Samantha Barks;learning
All the learning in the world cannot replace instinct.;Robert Ley;learning
Violence is a problem we all want to solve. I want to make sure that kids learn to deal with anger by learning how to talk with people to solve problems. Here in the United States Senate I want to make sure we have safe schools, safe neighborhoods and good things for kids to do after school!;Patty Murray;learning
Just keep learning from the role and not just go for the money.;Haley Joel Osment;learning
Think about how much it costs to incarcerate someone. Do we want them just sitting in prison, lifting weights, becoming violent and thinking about the next crime? Or do we want them having a little purpose in life and learning a skill?;John Ensign;learning
I'm learning as I go. I don't know everything. I never had anybody to look at, nobody ever taught me, and where I'm from I didn't have any famous role models.;Wale;learning
I looked at longevity in show business when I was about 13, and the people who seemed to have longevity were the ones who'd spent quite a bit of time learning about what they were doing before they made it.;Paul Merton;learning
Early on, it's good to develop the ability to write. Learning to write is a useful exercise, even if what you're writing about is not that relevant.;Walter Gilbert;learning
If it doesn't feel like a job and I'm learning something and getting that rush that I get, I don't care if it's behind a camera, on a TV set, or on the moon.;Benjamin Walker;learning
Travel provided many interesting experiences, but perhaps the most useful lesson I learned was that I really had no proficiency for learning the thousands of characters of the written Chinese language.;Eric Allin Cornell;learning
I love learning, and I think that curiosity is a wonderful gift.;Andie MacDowell;learning
I always loved the idea of learning martial arts, but it wasn't until I was in my 20s that I really started doing it and taking up karate.;Kelly Hu;learning
Deliverance is about what I went through the first time. And I chalk it up as a learning experience.;Bubba Sparxxx;learning
Medieval learning was really advanced.;Terry Jones;learning
For 'So Cold the River,' I'm actually working on adapting the book with Scott Silver, who was just nominated for an Oscar for 'The Fighter,' and who also wrote '8 Mile,' which I think is a terrific screenplay. The chance to work with Scott is a tremendous pleasure and I'm learning a lot.;Michael Koryta;learning
I think people should look at learning about Native American history the same as visiting Washington, D.C., and seeing the monuments there. It's all part of the package.;Chaske Spencer;learning
Particularly for English people, Shakespeare is always at the forefront of both drama and the English language. He's always been there. I can't remember starting school and not learning about him.;Jamie Campbell Bower;learning
I discovered that in a story I could safely dream any dream, hope any hope, go anywhere I pleased any time I pleased, fight any foe, win or lose, live or die. My stories created a safe experimental learning place.;Donald Davis;learning
Anytime you ride against the best in the world, it becomes a learning process.;Bonnie Blair;learning
I'm learning to play by the rules. I sort of hate to think of it that way, but that's how it is. I'm really learning to function out there and in such a way that I don't need to drink.;Dana Plato;learning
I hardly teach. It's more like a gathering of minds looking at one subject and learning from each other. I enjoy the process.;Fay Godwin;learning
People always ask me if I could live in any other era what would it be, and I tell them none! I feel so lucky to live in an age where technology has changed and continues to change and make life so much more exciting. It keeps everyone young and constantly learning new things.;Nina Garcia;learning
This was our last stop. This was it. We had those two embryos that we had banked prior to learning about the breast cancer, and with the medicine she was on, this was our last effort. The prayers were answered.;Bill Rancic;learning
Currently, I am overseeing the construction of the new Trump Tower in Chicago. I am involved in meeting with the construction crews, architects and sales teams. I am learning a lot and working with some of the best in the business.;Bill Rancic;learning
The record business is dangerous to the health of bands and individuals, which is something I'm just now learning. But it's not dangerous in any of the ways people think it's not that they try to make you compromise your art. That's not the problem.;T-Bone Burnett;learning
The problem for me is that I've never actually studied photography, so it's quite a steep learning curve. Cameras these days do so much for you automatically but I still think there's a point where you should actually know the technical side.;Graeme Le Saux;learning
As a part of preparing those lawsuits, learning about those lawsuits, I learned about the various nuclear issues in parts of the nuclear production process I guess you'd say.;Tom Udall;learning
Even though I didn't get a business degree, I enjoyed learning about economics.;Herb Ritts;learning
I'd go down to the end of my street, to a garage that had a certain feeling about it, or a particular light I'd take a picture of a friend who needed a head shot. That's how I learned, instead of having school assignments and learning camera techniques.;Herb Ritts;learning
I took the process of doing as much myself as I could like a duck to water. I set up my own label and publishing, etc, and it was a fun learning curve two decades ago.;David Knopfler;learning
I think there's so much negative influence on children in school settings. It becomes learning by rote to pass a test. It's not contextualized.;Esperanza Spalding;learning
Our learning ought to be our lives' amendment, and the fruits of our private study ought to appear in our public behavior.;Thomas Nashe;learning
I'm learning a lot about the culture of weight loss. I didn't know there were bloggers out there who were proud to be fat.;Mick Cornett;learning
Learning how to learn is life's most important skill.;Tony Buzan;learning
Advise for anybody - enjoy what you are doing, enjoy the process of learning and don't be impatient.;Robin Cousins;learning
We learn more by looking for the answer to a question and not finding it than we do from learning the answer itself.;Lloyd Alexander;learning
All those years we'd spent learning these chops, and all those gigs in Germany where you'd play all night, and along comes punk. It has nothing to do with that. A lot of people went out of business.;Nick Lowe;learning
It's interesting when you've been a partner with someone for so long. So now to sing solo and starting all over again I am learning that I am more bodacious than I thought. I don't know where it's coming from but I am glad.;Valerie Simpson;learning
Well, I think that part of being young is not exactly knowing why you do some of the things that you do. And it's by exploring your life or experimenting or making mistakes and learning from them hopefully that you start to forge an identity.;Stephen Chbosky;learning
I had an acting coach while I was doing the show and every week I could see my work improving. I really liked working on the show because I was learning new things every day.;Dannii Minogue;learning
You're always learning on different avenues and this is an opportunity for me to start on a fresh plate and start learning some other things that can really help me, that I need, and I want, to progress forward.;Elvis Stojko;learning
Children don't just play any more - they're far too busy learning to fence and taking extra French classes. In the end, you're actually doing more damage to your children by trying to hot-house them. It's far better to remain a calm parent.;Shirley Henderson;learning
I like working solo and it was a lot of fun joking around with the audience, saying things. I'm only just learning how to do certain things.;Art Garfunkel;learning
To summarize, the particular song a male sings, and the behavioral responses of females to song and morphological signals, are not genetically inherited in a fixed manner but are determined by learning early in life.;Peter R. Grant;learning
I think the biggest thing was that I was putting pressure on myself leading up to Beijing. Now I am learning how to take that pressure off and seeing this as an incredible opportunity, but not like, 'I absolutely have to medal.';Ryan Hall;learning
I don't think any other city in the world... the sun doesn't shine the same way anywhere as it does in New York. And then I guess everyone's very good at hanging out. Not in a crazy way, but you're just constantly interacting and learning.;Ben Lovett;learning
I really believe that what happens one day affects the next, and I think that came from that experience of learning that if I told the score inning by inning, play by play, it built up to its natural climax.;Doris Kearns Goodwin;learning
Imagination is as vital to any advance in science as learning and precision are essential for starting points.;Percival Lowell;learning
I think as an actor you're always learning, you're always trying to experience more things.;Matthew Lewis;learning
I think my books talk about kids learning to like and respect themselves and each other. You can't write a message book you just tell the best story you know how to tell.;Paula Danziger;learning
There is only one thing more painful than learning from experience and that is not learning from experience.;Archibald McLeish;learning
The second half of the '60s really was a kind of learning period, in terms of writing, for me.;Bruce Cockburn;learning
I'm now learning how to distinguish when I'm acting and when I'm not acting - offstage as well as onstage.;Micky Dolenz;learning
I feel like I'm just learning how to play the guitar. I mean, really learning to play the guitar.;Stephen Stills;learning
As you get older, you're always maturing, you're always learning something new about yourself.;Troy Vincent;learning
I think it's so important to keep learning and keep your brain active.;Beverley Mitchell;learning
Learning how to get in tune with your field of energy and understand how to create your energy, expand that energy, and move that energy through your body. Coming back to your center, and approaching life from that center-to-line place... That to me gave me strength and understanding and hopefully wisdom to solve life's problems and challenges.;Erin Gray;learning
I wanted to translate from one flat surface to another. In fact, my learning disabilities controlled a lot of things. I don't recognize faces, so I'm sure it's what drove me to portraits in the first place.;Chuck Close;learning
Productivity is going to be a critical issue. And it's not just about getting more time for professors in the classroom. It involves reexamining the learning experience and restructuring faculty and the use of faculty time.;Roy Romer;learning
I tell students, 'If you are learning from YouTube I almost don't want to teach you because what you learn from YouTube it takes 10 times as long to unlearn.' They do an approximation of the centre of the note, an approximation of the interpretation, a cloned version.;Kiri Te Kanawa;learning
I really believe I've been a good person. Not perfect - forget about perfect - but just learning by what I was taught and living by my own values. I might have stepped on a few ants - and a few other things as well - but I've never hurt anybody.;Kiri Te Kanawa;learning
I love the work, I love being in front of the camera and working with actors and directors and creating something. For me, it's like learning everyday.;Estella Warren;learning
I think when you're learning an instrument, you are restricted because much of it is the noise of individual theory and your ability to play the instrument.;James Blake;learning
Of course, I'd like to produce and direct a blockbuster, but you gotta build up to that. So now I'm learning from a bunch of little movies. And it's more fun with smaller pictures. It's more creative.;Lea Thompson;learning
In any of the arts, you never stop learning.;Claire Bloom;learning
I got started when I was 3 years old because my father was a music teacher and my lessons were free. Instead of learning to walk, you learn to play the piano.;Carla Bley;learning
I'm learning something all the time. That's the way I want it to go, and that's the way I'll go until I am no longer on this planet.;Doris Roberts;learning
Cops and robbers resemble each other, so there's not a lot to learn in terms of learning the logistics of committing the crime or investigating the crime.;Andre Braugher;learning
I think jazz is a wonderful learning tool.;John Otto;learning
The top experts in the world are ardent students. The day you stop learning, you're definitely not an expert.;Brendon Burchard;learning
To make a kung fu film is like a dream come true, because I'm a big fan of kung fu movies and I'm learning kung fu for a long time.;Stephen Chow;learning
I did learn Chinese kung-fu in a school for a short time, but I couldn't afford to pay for long-term learning.;Stephen Chow;learning
I suppose I am a frustrated musician so I annoy my family by playing guitar in the house. I used to be into acoustic stuff but my son Joseph is learning drums, so now I have an electric guitar and we play Metallica. We have an amp and a PA in the garage with his drum kit.;Kevin McKidd;learning
I've done some TV and I've done a lot of theater, obviously, and the last character I played on Broadway was a very fast-talking broad. I'm used to learning material and words.;Sutton Foster;learning
I was just learning to play guitar when Tracy Chapman came out. She wrote these songs, she played them by herself and I so admired her for that.;Madeleine Peyroux;learning
My number one goal was not getting 'A's' - and I proved it. I was a 'C' student. You have to be ready to learn. If you're not interesting in learning, it doesn't work. As I grew older and wanted to learn and desperately wanted inside information, learning was a lot easier.;Brian Lamb;learning
The rite of passage of learning to build a fire that will burn all night with one match is not an insignificant one in my husband's family, and I grew up camping and backpacking. I love to camp.;Sarah Wayne Callies;learning
I believe that every role that I have done this far has had quality and content. My roles have been very demanding and every role has been a challenge and a learning experience that has helped me mature as an actress.;Natasha Henstridge;learning
But the important thing about learning to wait, I feel sure, is to know what you are waiting for.;Anna Neagle;learning
I have had many occasions this year where I questioned and second-guessed my decision in a game, but it comes down to learning from mistakes and being accountable for what you did right or did wrong.;Don Mattingly;learning
I think the biggest difficulty is that when I'm here in America, there's a necessity of using English, so I really have a great sense of really wanting to learn, but unfortunately when I head back to Japan, the necessity vanishes and so does my enthusiasm about learning.;Chiaki Kuriyama;learning
I was fairly solitary. I didn't like structured learning. People didn't seem to be my cup of tea.;Dan Farmer;learning
In addition to the research, I enjoyed learning French and assimilating the culture of another country.;James Cronin;learning
