In a mood of faith and hope my work goes on. A ream of fresh paper lies on my desk waiting for the next book. I am a writer and I take up my pen to write.;Pearl S. Buck;faith
I've always thought that as long as directors and casting directors don't see me as just Harry Potter, I'll be OK. People have shown a lot of faith in me, and I owe them a huge debt. They're letting me prove that I'm serious about this.;Daniel Radcliffe;faith
And it's one thing to give people freedom and something else to deny the rights of Christians to assert their faith in order to keep Hindus from feeling upset.;Pat Robertson;faith
Women have been taught that, for us, the earth is flat, and that if we venture out, we will fall off the edge. Some of us have ventured out nevertheless, and so far we have not fallen off. It is my faith, my feminist faith, that we will not.;Andrea Dworkin;faith
I feel no need for any other faith than my faith in the kindness of human beings. I am so absorbed in the wonder of earth and the life upon it that I cannot think of heaven and angels.;Pearl S. Buck;faith
If faith is lost, there is no security and there is no life for him who does not adhere to religion.;Muhammad Iqbal;faith
I have always been the kid who's asked 'Why?' In my faith, you're just supposed to have faith. But I was always like 'why?';Katy Perry;faith
In America, now, let us - Christian, Jew, Muslim, agnostic, atheist, wiccan, whatever - fight nativism with the same strength and conviction that we fight terrorism. My faith calls on its followers to love one's enemies. A tall order, that - perhaps the tallest of all.;Jon Meacham;faith
The other day the President said, I know you've had some rough times, and I want to do something that will show the nation what faith that I have in you, in your maturity and sense of responsibility. He paused, then said, would you like a puppy?;Dan Quayle;faith
The principle part of faith is patience.;George MacDonald;faith
Society lives by faith, and develops by science.;Henri Frederic Amiel;faith
Public confidence in the integrity of the Government is indispensable to faith in democracy and when we lose faith in the system, we have lost faith in everything we fight and spend for.;Adlai E. Stevenson;faith
Obedience is the fruit of faith.;Christina Rossetti;faith
Faith which does not doubt is dead faith.;Miguel de Unamuno;faith
I see heaven's glories shine and faith shines equal.;Emily Bronte;faith
The measure of a man is not how great his faith is, but how great his love is. We must not let government programs disconnect our souls from each other.;J. C. Watts;faith
Faith is the state of being ultimately concerned.;Paul Tillich;faith
To study history means submitting to chaos and nevertheless retaining faith in order and meaning.;Hermann Hesse;faith
The important things are children, honesty, integrity and faith.;Andy Williams;faith
The man who cannot believe in himself cannot believe in anything else. The basis of all integrity and character is whatever faith we have in our own integrity.;Roy L. Smith;faith
I am one of those who would rather sink with faith than swim without it.;Stanley Baldwin;faith
We may not only find faith in God in our sorrow. We may also become faithful to Him in times of calm.;Thomas S. Monson;faith
Each blade of grass has its spot on earth whence it draws its life, its strength and so is man rooted to the land from which he draws his faith together with his life.;Joseph Conrad;faith
An Adult faith does not follow the waves of fashion and the latest novelties.;Joseph Ratzinger;faith
Faith, like a jackal, feeds among the tombs, and even from these dead doubts she gathers her most vital hope.;Herman Melville;faith
I believe there are three keys to success. For me it is keeping my priorities in order: It's my faith and my family, and then the business.;Kathy Ireland;faith
Life is doubt, and faith without doubt is nothing but death.;Miguel de Unamuno;faith
The death of Pope John Paul II led many of different faiths and of no faith to acknowledge their debt to the Roman Catholic Church for holding on to absolutes that the rest of us can measure ourselves against.;Suzanne Fields;faith
A whole lot of us believers, of all different religions, are ready to turn back the tide of madness by walking together, in both the dark and the light - in other words, through life - registering voters as we go, and keeping the faith.;Anne Lamott;faith
Faith is the ticket to the feast, not the feast.;Edwin Louis Cole;faith
The Christian faith can never be separated from the soil of sacred events, from the choice made by God, who wanted to speak to us, to become man, to die and rise again, in a particular place and at a particular time.;Joseph Ratzinger;faith
All great enterprises have a pearl of faith at their core, and this must be ours: that Americans are still a people born to liberty. That they retain the capacity for self-government. That, addressed as free-born, autonomous men and women of God-given dignity, they will rise yet again to drive back a mortal enemy.;Mitch Daniels;faith
You can judge the quality of their faith from the way they behave. Discipline is an index to doctrine.;Tertullian;faith
Through hard work, perseverance and a faith in God, you can live your dreams.;Benjamin Carson;faith
The Bible is our rule of faith and doctrine.;Ellen G. White;faith
Let me go over this again on the reclaiming the civil rights movement. People of faith that believe that you have an equal right to justice - that is the essence. And if it's not the essence, then we've been sold a pack of lies. The essence is everyone deserves a shot - the content of character, not the color of skin.;Glenn Beck;faith
All is amiss. Love is dying, faith's defying, heart's denying.;Richard Barnfield;faith
My faith is very private to me. It plays an important part in my life, but I do not try and throw my beliefs at others. I have tremendous respect for all faiths and beliefs, but have a deep concern that religion and faith are currently a long way apart from each other.;Rick Wakeman;faith
For me, and I suspect for lots of other people too, bad things actually sometimes make you think more about faith and the fact that you're not facing these things on your own.;David Cameron;faith
True faith is belief in the reality of absolute values.;William Ralph Inge;faith
The world will never have lasting peace so long as men reserve for war the finest human qualities. Peace, no less than war, requires idealism and self-sacrifice and a righteous and dynamic faith.;John Foster Dulles;faith
But every act in consequence of our faith, strengthens faith.;Anna Letitia Barbauld;faith
Those of us who were brought up as Christians and have lost our faith have retained the sense of sin without the saving belief in redemption. This poisons our thought and so paralyses us in action.;Cyril Connolly;faith
My father, who died a few years ago, was a good, simple, very honest man. His faith and affection for his family was just unassailable, without question.;David Ogden Stiers;faith
'Let God be true but every man a liar' is the language of true faith.;Aiden Wilson Tozer;faith
In Barack Obama, Democrats have put forth a man of strong religious faith who is comfortable connecting his spiritual life to his public role as a policymaker.;Mike McCurry;faith
Flatter not thyself in thy faith in God if thou hast not charity for thy neighbor.;Francis Quarles;faith
But I don't necessarily define my faith by going to church every Sunday.;Miley Cyrus;faith
What is faith? If you believe something because you have evidence for it, or rational argument, that is not faith. So faith seems to be believing something despite the absence of evidence or rational argument for it.;Peter Singer;faith
Machiavelli's teaching would hardly have stood the test of Parliamentary government, for public discussion demands at least the profession of good faith.;Lord Acton;faith
My coming to faith did not start with a leap but rather a series of staggers from what seemed like one safe place to another. Like lily pads, round and green, these places summoned and then held me up while I grew. Each prepared me for the next leaf on which I would land, and in this way I moved across the swamp of doubt and fear.;Anne Lamott;faith
Skepticism has never founded empires, established principals, or changed the world's heart. The great doers in history have always been people of faith.;Edwin Hubbel Chapin;faith
When Christians start thinking about Jesus, things start breaking down, they lose their faith. It's perfectly possible to go to church every Sunday and not ask any questions, just because you like it as a way of life. They fear that if they ask questions they'll lose their Christ, the very linchpin of their religion.;A. N. Wilson;faith
The greatest act of faith is when a man understands he is not God.;Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.;faith
The great act of faith is when a man decides he is not God.;Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.;faith
Not truth, but faith, it is that keeps the world alive.;Edna St. Vincent Millay;faith
A faith is something you die for, a doctrine is something you kill for. There is all the difference in the world.;Tony Benn;faith
The essential element in personal magnetism is a consuming sincerity - an overwhelming faith in the importance of the work one has to do.;Bruce Barton;faith
By gold all good faith has been banished by gold our rights are abused the law itself is influenced by gold, and soon there will be an end of every modest restraint.;Sextus Propertius;faith
I don't have faith in young people any more. I don't waste time trying to communicate with them.;Vivienne Westwood;faith
Of all our dreams today there is none more important - or so hard to realise - than that of peace in the world. May we never lose our faith in it or our resolve to do everything that can be done to convert it one day into reality.;Lester B. Pearson;faith
Act strenuously, would appear to be our faith, and right thinking will take care of itself.;Irving Babbitt;faith
The democratic idealist is prone to make light of the whole question of standards and leadership because of his unbounded faith in the plain people.;Irving Babbitt;faith
The saddest thing that befalls a soul is when it loses faith in God and woman.;Alexander Smith;faith
With gridlock the norm, Congress's approval rating is below 10 percent and the public has lost faith in its national leadership.;Ron Fournier;faith
You can almost see voters nodding their heads at home: The public's faith in politicians and political institutions has been on a steep and dangerous decline for decades, because elected leaders fail to deliver.;Ron Fournier;faith
I don't need faith.;Maurice Sendak;faith
To try to fashion something from suffering, to relish our triumphs, and to endure defeats without resentment: all that is compatible with the faith of a heretic.;Walter Kaufmann;faith
Red Letter Christians believe in the doctrines of the Apostle's Creed, are convinced that the Scriptures have been inspired by the Holy Spirit, and make having a personal transforming relationship with the resurrected Christ the touchtone of their faith.;Tony Campolo;faith
It's a new day for the Democrats when it comes to matters of faith, and the younger Evangelicals are aware of this and many of them are moving into the Democratic camp.;Tony Campolo;faith
Sigmund Freud was the apostle of disbelief. He was the one who made psychoanalysis a part of our culture, and in so doing he kicked out a flying buttress that had been essential for holding up our cathedral of faith.;Tony Campolo;faith
But I recognize no infallible authority, even in special questions consequently, whatever respect I may have for the honesty and the sincerity of such or such an individual, I have no absolute faith in any person.;Mikhail Bakunin;faith
From faith, hope, and love, the virtues of religion referring to God, there arises a double act which bears on the spiritual communion exercised between God and us the hearing of the word and prayer.;William Ames;faith
Religious faith depends on a host of social, psychological and emotional factors that have little or nothing to do with probabilities, evidence and logic.;Michael Shermer;faith
He who is not impressed by sound advice, lacks faith.;Abu Bakr;faith
That someone like Obama could be elected president of the United States - with its unrivaled power and prestige - has begun to restore the country's and the world's faith in America as the land of opportunity.;Dee Dee Myers;faith
Faith is not a notion, but a real strong essential hunger, an attracting or magnetic desire of Christ, which as it proceeds from a seed of the divine nature in us, so it attracts and unites with its like.;William Law;faith
I just sort of take it from a character perspective, and I don't know if he was necessarily spiritual, but I do think he had hope. He was a character that was comfortable having hope in his life, and hope is faith.;Ryan Gosling;faith
Resist your fear fear will never lead to you a positive end. Go for your faith and what you believe.;T. D. Jakes;faith
Individual responsibility, hard work, paying attention in school, faith, family all these things are important.;J. C. Watts;faith
I think you grow wherever God plants you. I hope I'm growing as a person of faith, as a Christian. That should be our number one objective this journey of life. That all starts with a personal intimate relationship with Christ and then being in prayer every single day about all of those things - being tenacious about it.;J. C. Watts;faith
If your faith is opposed to experience, to human learning and investigation, it is not worth the breath used in giving it expression.;E. W. Howe;faith
One of the embarrassing problems for the early nineteenth-century champions of the Christian faith was that not one of the first six Presidents of the United States was an orthodox Christian.;Mortimer Adler;faith
Evolution and creationism both require faith. It's just a matter of where you choose to place that faith.;Benjamin Carson;faith
Over the years my mother's steadfast faith in God has inspired me, particularly when I had to perform extremely difficult surgical procedures or when I found myself faced with my own medical scare.;Benjamin Carson;faith
The mind controls so much of the body. We are much more than flesh and blood we are complex systems. Patients do better when they have faith that they're going to do better. That's why I always tell my patients and their families not to neglect their prayers. There's nobody I don't say that to.;Benjamin Carson;faith
My gut feeling about sequels is that they should be premeditated: You should try to write a trilogy first or at least sketch out a trilogy if you have any faith in your film.;Vin Diesel;faith
Human misery is too great for men to do without faith.;Heinrich Heine;faith
Faith is the confidence, the assurance, the enforcing truth, the knowing.;Robert Collier;faith
The media seems to think only abortion and gay marriage are religious issues. Poverty is a moral issue, it's a faith issue, it's a religious issue.;Jim Wallis;faith
Given that religious faith is an intrinsic element of human experience, it is best to approach and engage the subject with a sense of history and a critical sensibility.;Jon Meacham;faith
It's possible that the 2012 general-election race will be the least overtly religious one since 1972, the last campaign before Roe v. Wade and the rise of Jimmy Carter brought evangelicalism into the political mainstream. That's because faith remains a complicated issue for Obama, who is still wrongly thought to be a Muslim in some quarters.;Jon Meacham;faith
While we remain a nation decisively shaped by religious faith, our politics and our culture are, in the main, less influenced by movements and arguments of an explicitly Christian character than they were even five years ago. I think this is a good thing - good for our political culture.;Jon Meacham;faith
I am an Episcopalian who takes the faith of my fathers seriously, and I would, I think, be disheartened if my own young children were to turn away from the church when they grow up. I am also a critic of Christianity, if by critic one means an observer who brings historical and literary judgment to bear on the texts and traditions of the church.;Jon Meacham;faith
As crucial as religion has been and is to the life of the nation, America's unifying force has never been a specific faith, but a commitment to freedom - not least freedom of conscience.;Jon Meacham;faith
Religious belief, like history itself, is a story that is always unfolding, always subject to inquiry and ripe for questioning. For without doubt there is no faith.;Jon Meacham;faith
My faith foundation works to bring about a greater respect and understanding between different faiths. We basically work with six popular religions in the world which are the three Abrahamic religions, Hinduism and Buddhism and Sikhism.;Tony Blair;faith
You know, this idea of going around the world imposing democracy by growing a middle-class, a trading merchant class that is independent of your faith, is a good notion, but we're all partially different - it's no good imposing systems on people that it doesn't suit.;Damian Lewis;faith
Writers now are putting total faith in designers at Apple and Amazon. It's almost like a race-car driver having no input into how cars are designed.;Jonathan Safran Foer;faith
