The knives of jealousy are honed on details.;Ruth Rendell;jealousy
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own... Jealousy is a disease, love is a healthy condition. The immature mind often mistakes one for the other, or assumes that the greater the love, the greater the jealousy.;Robert A. Heinlein;jealousy
Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting.;George Orwell;jealousy
Anger and jealousy can no more bear to lose sight of their objects than love.;George Eliot;jealousy
What I needed most was to love and to be loved, eager to be caught. Happily I wrapped those painful bonds around me and sure enough, I would be lashed with the red-hot pokers or jealousy, by suspicions and fear, by burst of anger and quarrels.;Saint Augustine;jealousy
Jealousy is bred in doubts. When those doubts change into certainties, then the passion either ceases or turns absolute madness.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;jealousy
I don't think that you can fake warmth. You can fake lust, jealousy, anger those are all quite easy. But actual, genuine warmth? I don't think you can fake it.;Keira Knightley;jealousy
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents.;Salvador Dali;jealousy
Jealousy lives upon doubts. It becomes madness or ceases entirely as soon as we pass from doubt to certainty.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;jealousy
It's amazing the clarity that comes with psychotic jealousy.;Rupert Everett;jealousy
Lovers may be - and indeed generally are - enemies, but they never can be friends, because there must always be a spice of jealousy and a something of Self in all their speculations.;Lord Byron;jealousy
What makes the pain we feel from shame and jealousy so cutting is that vanity can give us no assistance in bearing them.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;jealousy
Love shouldn't be about jealousy or anything like that. It should be about commitment and being able to trust that person. If you can't have that from the get-go, there's a problem.;Aaron Carter;jealousy
There is a sort of jealousy which needs very little fire it is hardly a passion, but a blight bred in the cloudy, damp despondency of uneasy egoism.;George Eliot;jealousy
The surest route to breeding jealousy is to compare. Since jealousy comes from feeling less than another, comparisons only fan the fires.;Dorothy Corkville Briggs;jealousy
Dogs are our link to paradise. They don't know evil or jealousy or discontent.;Milan Kundera;jealousy
To talk about balance, it's easier to talk about what's out of balance. And I think anytime that you have any disease, and disease meaning lack of ease, lack of flow... dis-ease. So any time there's disease, you're out of balance, whether it's jealousy, anger, greed, anxiety, fear.;Ricky Williams;jealousy
That is ever the way. 'Tis all jealousy to the bride and good wishes to the corpse.;James M. Barrie;jealousy
Back then I didn't think a woman like that, or a relationship like that, could exist with complete freedom and no jealousy or possessiveness. I thought it sounded too good to be true and I was certainly convinced it wasn't the life for me!;Sylvia Kristel;jealousy
Jealousy is not at all low, but it catches us humbled and bowed down, at first sight.;Sidonie Gabrielle Colette;jealousy
Nature is at work. Character and destiny are her handiwork. She gives us love and hate, jealousy and reverence. All that is ours is the power to choose which impulse we shall follow.;David Seabury;jealousy
People can do all kinds of things that maybe aren't wise in hindsight because of jealousy.;Kristin Bauer van Straten;jealousy
In my experience lust only ever leads to misery. All that suspicion and jealousy and anguish it unleashes. I don't want those things in my life.;Chrissie Hynde;jealousy
There is something mean in human nature that prefers to think evil, that gives a willing ear and a ready welcome to calumny, a sort of jealousy of goodness and greatness and things of good report.;Richard Le Gallienne;jealousy
Jealousy would be far less torturous if we understood that love is a passion entirely unrelated to our merits.;Paul Eldridge;jealousy
I feel like a lot of the female relationships I see on TV or in movies are in some way free of the kind of jealousy and anxiety and posturing that has been such a huge part of my female friendships, which I hope lessens a little bit with age.;Lena Dunham;jealousy
But when I would see the surrogate, my first instinct, my first reaction would be jealousy, because she was doing what I wanted to do.;Cheryl Tiegs;jealousy
I have experienced jealousy, possessiveness, verbal abuse and violence from men, but I have also experienced jealousy, possessiveness, verbal abuse and violence from women, usually when I failed to respond to their advances.;Julie Burchill;jealousy
I do not say anything from jealousy.;Anna Held;jealousy
Lovers may be and indeed generally are enemies, but they never can be friends, because there must always be a spice of jealousy and a something of Self in all their speculations.;George Byron;jealousy
I do a lot of sexy publicity, but I have yet to have any bad experiences regarding jealousy.;Brooke Burke;jealousy
Religion can make it worse. Are you supposing that if people were encouraged to believe in a transcendent reality, and to be encouraged by grand rituals and music and preaching, to love their neighbors, then they would put jealousy and frustration aside?;Mary Douglas;jealousy
The jealousy and resentment that animate the terrorists also affect many of our former cold war allies.;Richard Perle;jealousy
I like jealous men. I love jealousy. I do.;Adriana Lima;jealousy
There tends to be a jealousy in England towards countries that are successful.;Chris O'Dowd;jealousy
No jealousy their dawn of love overcast, nor blasted were their wedded days with strife each season looked delightful as it past, to the fond husband and the faithful wife.;James Beattie;jealousy
You will not accept credit that is due to another, or harbor jealousy of an explorer who is more fortunate.;Abbott L. Lowell;jealousy
It is remarkable that jealousy of individual property in land often goes along with very exaggerated doctrines of tribal or national property in land.;William Graham Sumner;jealousy
Jealousy is love bed of burning snarl.;George Meredith;jealousy
I don't watch that much comedy. I think it's professional jealousy. That and a lack of support for my community.;Michael Ian Black;jealousy
Obviously, in dealing with a relationship, sexuality has to be involved, and jealousy and emotions like that. And I don't know, I've always been intrigued by those emotions.;Adrian Lyne;jealousy
My birth neither shook the German Empire nor caused much of an upheaval in the home. It pleased mother, caused father a certain amount of pride and my elder brother the usual fraternal jealousy of a hitherto only son.;Conrad Veidt;jealousy
That's one of the reasons I moved to Florida. Of course, the main reason is the weather and the training. But there's more jealousy in Switzerland because it's so little and they don't have so many athletes.;Martina Hingis;jealousy
When I see a good singer, I get teary-eyed. Part of it is jealousy because all comedians are frustrated rock stars. That's a fact.;Jeff Ross;jealousy
Critics? Don't talk to me of critics! You think some jackanapes journalist, his soul eaten away by the maggots of jealousy and failure, has anything worthwhile to say of art? I don't.;Jonathan Raban;jealousy
On the same line of reasoning, if Australians were to be Australians, or rather if Australians were as separate from any other nation as Australia from any other land, there would be no jealousy between them on England's account.;Henry Lawson;jealousy
That is ever the way. Tis all jealousy to the bride and good wishes to the corpse.;J. M. Barrie;jealousy
I don't get jealousy, I don't get how people hate each other - I never did.;Nas;jealousy
What we used to say was whoever had the bow tie got to lead the band. There was never any jealousy.;Pete Fountain;jealousy
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.;Albert Einstein;knowledge
Information is not knowledge.;Albert Einstein;knowledge
A people without the knowledge of their past history, origin and culture is like a tree without roots.;Marcus Garvey;knowledge
Knowledge of what is does not open the door directly to what should be.;Albert Einstein;knowledge
Ignorance is the curse of God knowledge is the wing wherewith we fly to heaven.;William Shakespeare;knowledge
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.;Confucius;knowledge
He who knows nothing is closer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors.;Thomas Jefferson;knowledge
I was bold in the pursuit of knowledge, never fearing to follow truth and reason to whatever results they led, and bearding every authority which stood in their way.;Thomas Jefferson;knowledge
Knowledge is love and light and vision.;Helen Keller;knowledge
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it. The only real security that a man will have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience, and ability.;Henry Ford;knowledge
When you know a thing, to hold that you know it, and when you do not know a thing, to allow that you do not know it - this is knowledge.;Confucius;knowledge
Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge, for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain.;Khalil Gibran;knowledge
No man can reveal to you nothing but that which already lies half-asleep in the dawning of your knowledge.;Khalil Gibran;knowledge
Knowledge is knowing that we cannot know.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;knowledge
Perplexity is the beginning of knowledge.;Khalil Gibran;knowledge
To know, is to know that you know nothing. That is the meaning of true knowledge.;Socrates;knowledge
It is not when truth is dirty, but when it is shallow, that the lover of knowledge is reluctant to step into its waters.;Friedrich Nietzsche;knowledge
Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge.;Plato;knowledge
And what, Socrates, is the food of the soul? Surely, I said, knowledge is the food of the soul.;Plato;knowledge
To know that we know what we know, and to know that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge.;Nicolaus Copernicus;knowledge
Entire ignorance is not so terrible or extreme an evil, and is far from being the greatest of all too much cleverness and too much learning, accompanied with ill bringing-up, are far more fatal.;Plato;knowledge
The learning and knowledge that we have, is, at the most, but little compared with that of which we are ignorant.;Plato;knowledge
Opinion is the medium between knowledge and ignorance.;Plato;knowledge
Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom.;Plato;knowledge
All the knowledge I possess everyone else can acquire, but my heart is all my own.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;knowledge
There is much pleasure to be gained from useless knowledge.;Bertrand Russell;knowledge
The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.;Anais Nin;knowledge
Knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.;Plato;knowledge
Knowledge is true opinion.;Plato;knowledge
The only real security that a man can have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience and ability.;Henry Ford;knowledge
Doubt grows with knowledge.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;knowledge
Let us tenderly and kindly cherish, therefore, the means of knowledge. Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write.;John Adams;knowledge
We know accurately only when we know little, with knowledge doubt increases.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;knowledge
One whose knowledge is confined to books and whose wealth is in the possession of others, can use neither his knowledge nor wealth when the need for them arises.;Chanakya;knowledge
Knowledge has to be improved, challenged, and increased constantly, or it vanishes.;Peter Drucker;knowledge
Even the knowledge of my own fallibility cannot keep me from making mistakes. Only when I fall do I get up again.;Vincent Van Gogh;knowledge
All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.;Immanuel Kant;knowledge
Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family.;Kofi Annan;knowledge
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.;Leonardo da Vinci;knowledge
Where is all the knowledge we lost with information?;T. S. Eliot;knowledge
Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge.;Leonardo da Vinci;knowledge
If knowledge can create problems, it is not through ignorance that we can solve them.;Isaac Asimov;knowledge
Suppose that we are wise enough to learn and know - and yet not wise enough to control our learning and knowledge, so that we use it to destroy ourselves? Even if that is so, knowledge remains better than ignorance.;Isaac Asimov;knowledge
The aim of education is the knowledge not of facts but of values.;William Ralph Inge;knowledge
I prefer tongue-tied knowledge to ignorant loquacity.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;knowledge
Knowledge which is divorced from justice, may be called cunning rather than wisdom.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;knowledge
Today knowledge has power. It controls access to opportunity and advancement.;Peter Drucker;knowledge
Knowledge is a polite word for dead but not buried imagination.;e. e. cummings;knowledge
Those people who develop the ability to continuously acquire new and better forms of knowledge that they can apply to their work and to their lives will be the movers and shakers in our society for the indefinite future.;Brian Tracy;knowledge
Property may be destroyed and money may lose its purchasing power but, character, health, knowledge and good judgement will always be in demand under all conditions.;Roger Babson;knowledge
