A dress makes no sense unless it inspires men to take it off of you.;Francoise Sagan;men
All the men in my family were bearded, and most of the women.;W. C. Fields;men
Why are women... so much more interesting to men than men are to women?;Virginia Woolf;men
You can kill ten of our men for every one we kill of yours. But even at those odds, you will lose and we will win.;Ho Chi Minh;men
That all men are equal is a proposition to which, at ordinary times, no sane human being has ever given his assent.;Aldous Huxley;men
I have a total irreverence for anything connected with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger, the food cheaper and the old men and old women warmer in the winter and happier in the summer.;Brendan Behan;men
A vigorous temper is not altogether an evil. Men who are easy as an old shoe are generally of little worth.;Charles Spurgeon;men
To achieve the mood of a warrior is not a simple matter. It is a revolution. To regard the lion and the water rats and our fellow men as equals is a magnificent act of a warrior's spirit. It takes power to do that.;Carlos Castaneda;men
As we look forward to freedom, the shining city on the hill and the best days of America lying ahead, it is the men and women in uniform who protect, defend and make us proud to whom we should look and give thanks every night.;Robin Hayes;men
If we know that our own men are in a condition to attack, but are unaware that the enemy is not open to attack, we have gone only halfway towards victory.;Sun Tzu;men
The ideas gained by men before they are twenty-five are practically the only ideas they shall have in their lives.;William James;men
When we are really honest with ourselves we must admit our lives are all that really belong to us. So it is how we use our lives that determines the kind of men we are.;Cesar Chavez;men
I have encountered riotous mobs and have been hung in effigy, but my motto is: Men's rights are nothing more. Women's rights are nothing less.;Susan B. Anthony;men
How to gain, how to keep, how to recover happiness is in fact for most men at all times the secret motive of all they do, and of all they are willing to endure.;William James;men
It is necessary for him who lays out a state and arranges laws for it to presuppose that all men are evil and that they are always going to act according to the wickedness of their spirits whenever they have free scope.;Niccolo Machiavelli;men
There's no evidence whatsoever that men are more rational than women. Both sexes seem to be equally irrational.;Albert Ellis;men
'Men have forgotten this truth,' said the fox. 'But you must not forget it. You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.';Antoine de Saint-Exupery;men
From their experience or from the recorded experience of others (history), men learn only what their passions and their metaphysical prejudices allow them to learn.;Aldous Huxley;men
I suppose when they reach a certain age some men are afraid to grow up. It seems the older the men get, the younger their new wives get.;Elizabeth Taylor;men
Almost all the noblest things that have been achieved in the world, have been achieved by poor men poor scholars, poor professional men, poor artisans and artists, poor philosophers, poets, and men of genius.;Albert Pike;men
If it's true that men are such beasts, this must account for the fact that most women are animal lovers.;Doris Day;men
Men who are unhappy, like men who sleep badly, are always proud of the fact.;Bertrand Russell;men
Religions, which condemn the pleasures of sense, drive men to seek the pleasures of power. Throughout history power has been the vice of the ascetic.;Bertrand Russell;men
I've also seen that great men are often lonely. This is understandable, because they have built such high standards for themselves that they often feel alone. But that same loneliness is part of their ability to create.;Yousuf Karsh;men
Why do you think the old stories tell of men who set out on great journeys to impress the gods? Because trying to impress people just isn't worth the time and effort.;Henry Rollins;men
Time is the most valuable thing on earth: time to think, time to act, time to extend our fraternal relations, time to become better men, time to become better women, time to become better and more independent citizens.;Samuel Gompers;men
We are anthill men upon an anthill world.;Ray Bradbury;men
No great man lives in vain. The history of the world is but the biography of great men.;Thomas Carlyle;men
I love all men who think, even those who think otherwise than myself.;Victor Hugo;men
More men die of jealousy than of cancer.;Joseph P. Kennedy;men
How is it they live in such harmony the billions of stars - when most men can barely go a minute without declaring war in their minds about someone they know.;Thomas Aquinas;men
Civilized men are more discourteous than savages because they know they can be impolite without having their skulls split, as a general thing.;Robert E. Howard;men
A government of laws, and not of men.;John Adams;men
From the naturalistic point of view, all men are equal. There are only two exceptions to this rule of naturalistic equality: geniuses and idiots.;Mikhail Bakunin;men
I begin with the principle that all men are bores. Surely no one will prove himself so great a bore as to contradict me in this.;Soren Kierkegaard;men
As far as men go, it is not what they are that interests me, but what they can become.;Jean-Paul Sartre;men
All the miseries and evils which men suffer from vice, crime, ambition, injustice, oppression, slavery and war, proceed from their despising or neglecting the precepts contained in the Bible.;Noah Webster;men
All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers.;Francois Fenelon;men
Education is that whole system of human training within and without the school house walls, which molds and develops men.;W. E. B. Du Bois;men
I swear by that old expression, 'One monkey don't stop no show!' The reality is, we still have some good men out there, and we should hail those men as the kings they are.;Angie Stone;men
I never yet feared those men who set a place apart in the middle of their cities where they gather to cheat one another and swear oaths which they break.;Herodotus;men
The mountains, the forest, and the sea, render men savage they develop the fierce, but yet do not destroy the human.;Victor Hugo;men
Civil war? What does that mean? Is there any foreign war? Isn't every war fought between men, between brothers?;Victor Hugo;men
Even if society dictates that men and women should behave in certain ways, it is fathers and mothers who teach those ways to children not just in the words they say, but in the lives they lead.;Augustus Y. Napier;men
The theoretical understanding of the world, which is the aim of philosophy, is not a matter of great practical importance to animals, or to savages, or even to most civilised men.;Bertrand Russell;men
Ignorant people see life as either existence or non-existence, but wise men see it beyond both existence and non-existence to something that transcends them both this is an observation of the Middle Way.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;men
If we became students of Malcolm X, we would not have young black men out there killing each other like they're killing each other now. Young black men would not be impregnating young black women at the rate going on now. We'd not have the drugs we have now, or the alcoholism.;Spike Lee;men
Daddy was real gentle with kids. That's why I expected so much out of marriage, figuring that all men should be steady and pleasant.;Loretta Lynn;men
When men attempt bold gestures, generally it's considered romantic. When women do it, it's often considered desperate or psycho.;Sarah Jessica Parker;men
Study strategy over the years and achieve the spirit of the warrior. Today is victory over yourself of yesterday tomorrow is your victory over lesser men.;Miyamoto Musashi;men
It is a melancholy truth that even great men have their poor relations.;Charles Dickens;men
Men take only their needs into consideration - never their abilities.;Napoleon Bonaparte;men
Real men are sadly lacking in this world, for when they are put to the test they prove worthless.;Franz Liszt;men
Men like me are impossible until the day when they become necessary.;Victor Hugo;men
Men can starve from a lack of self-realization as much as they can from a lack of bread.;Richard Wright;men
Men become accustomed to poison by degrees.;Victor Hugo;men
Men are anxious to improve their circumstances, but are unwilling to improve themselves they therefore remain bound.;James Allen;men
But men are so full of greed today, they'll sell anything for a little piece of money.;Little Richard;men
The world is divided into men who have wit and no religion and men who have religion and no wit.;Avicenna;men
The men who followed Him were unique in their generation. They turned the world upside down because their hearts had been turned right side up. The world has never been the same.;Billy Graham;men
Aristotle maintained that women have fewer teeth than men although he was twice married, it never occurred to him to verify this statement by examining his wives' mouths.;Bertrand Russell;men
Resolved, that the women of this nation in 1876, have greater cause for discontent, rebellion and revolution than the men of 1776.;Susan B. Anthony;men
Perfect numbers like perfect men are very rare.;Rene Descartes;men
The tragedy of life is in what dies inside a man while he lives - the death of genuine feeling, the death of inspired response, the awareness that makes it possible to feel the pain or the glory of other men in yourself.;Norman Cousins;men
To send light into the darkness of men's hearts - such is the duty of the artist.;Robert Schumann;men
Advertising is a business of words, but advertising agencies are infested with men and women who cannot write. They cannot write advertisements, and they cannot write plans. They are helpless as deaf mutes on the stage of the Metropolitan Opera.;David Ogilvy;men
I dress for the image. Not for myself, not for the public, not for fashion, not for men.;Marlene Dietrich;men
Fires can't be made with dead embers, nor can enthusiasm be stirred by spiritless men. Enthusiasm in our daily work lightens effort and turns even labor into pleasant tasks.;James A. Baldwin;men
Speaking very generally, I find that women are spiritually, emotionally, and often physically stronger than men.;Gary Oldman;men
We need more of the Office Desk and less of the Show Window in politics. Let men in office substitute the midnight oil for the limelight.;Calvin Coolidge;men
I think people are born bisexual and the make subconscious choices based on the pressures of society. I have no question in my mind about being bisexual. But I'm also a hypocrite: I would never date a girl who is bisexual, because that means they also sleep with men, and men are so dirty that I'd never sleep with a girl who had slept with a man.;Megan Fox;men
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.;Richard Bach;men
Baseball players are smarter than football players. How often do you see a baseball team penalized for too many men on the field?;Jim Bouton;men
Woman is the dominant sex. Men have to do all sorts of stuff to prove that they are worthy of woman's attention.;Camille Paglia;men
Those who want the Government to regulate matters of the mind and spirit are like men who are so afraid of being murdered that they commit suicide to avoid assassination.;Harry S. Truman;men
To say that a work of art is good, but incomprehensible to the majority of men, is the same as saying of some kind of food that it is very good but that most people can't eat it.;Leo Tolstoy;men
I do not believe in God his existence has been disproved by Science. But in the concentration camp, I learned to believe in men.;Jean-Paul Sartre;men
Some men are alive simply because it is against the law to kill them.;E. W. Howe;men
Clever men are good, but they are not the best.;Thomas Carlyle;men
Under the pressure of the cares and sorrows of our mortal condition, men have at all times, and in all countries, called in some physical aid to their moral consolations - wine, beer, opium, brandy, or tobacco.;Edmund Burke;men
The integrity of men is to be measured by their conduct, not by their professions.;Junius;men
Dreaming men are haunted men.;Stephen Vincent Benet;men
Half the pictures directed by men of reputation fail.;Carroll O'Connor;men
I saw six men kicking and punching the mother-in-law. My neighbour said 'Are you going to help?' I said 'No, six should be enough.';Les Dawson;men
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor.;Francis Bacon;men
Men are like the stars some generate their own light while others reflect the brilliance they receive.;Jose Marti;men
It is the superfluous things for which men sweat, - superfluous things that wear our togas theadbare, that force us to grow old in camp, that dash us upon foreign shores.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;men
Men who do things without being told draw the most wages.;Rodney Dangerfield;men
People who know little are usually great talkers, while men who know much say little.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;men
Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;men
Bloody Christmas, here again, let us raise a loving cup, peace on earth, goodwill to men, and make them do the washing up.;Wendy Cope;men
I've only slept with men I've been married to. How many women can make that claim?;Elizabeth Taylor;men
So live with men as if God saw you and speak to God, as if men heard you.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;men
The display of grief makes more demands than grief itself. How few men are sad in their own company.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;men
Conservation is a state of harmony between men and land.;Aldo Leopold;men
Women in love are less ashamed than men. They have less to be ashamed of.;Ambrose Bierce;men
What I would say to the young men and women who are beset by hopelessness and doubt is that they should go and see what is being done on the ground to fight poverty, not like going to the zoo but to take action, to open their hearts and their consciences.;Abbe Pierre;men
There is a boundary to men's passions when they act from feelings but none when they are under the influence of imagination.;Edmund Burke;men
God is in all men, but all men are not in God that is why we suffer.;Ramakrishna;men
