They were afraid, never having learned what I taught myself: Defeat the fear of death and welcome the death of fear.;G. Gordon Liddy;history
In my view, far from deserving condemnation for their courageous reporting, the New York Times, the Washington Post and other newspapers should be commended for serving the purpose that the Founding Fathers saw so clearly.;Hugo Black;history
We learned the value of research in World War II.;Amar Bose;history
The past is malleable and flexible, changing as our recollection interprets and re-explains what has happened.;Peter Berger;history
To people who remember JFK's assassination, JFK Jr. will probably always be that boy saluting his father's coffin.;Michael Beschloss;history
The real 1960s began on the afternoon of November 22, 1963. It came to seem that Kennedy's murder opened some malign trap door in American culture, and the wild bats flapped out.;Lance Morrow;history
We peruse one ideal, that of bringing people together in peace, irrespective of race, religion and political convictions, for the benefit of mankind.;Juan Antonio Samaranch;history
The 1st Amendment protects the right to speak, not the right to spend.;Byron White;history
France is delighted at this new opportunity to show the world that when one has the will one can succeed in joining peoples who have been brought close by history.;Francois Mitterrand;history
That great dust-heap called 'history'.;Augustine Birrell;history
An Edwardian lady in full dress was a wonder to behold, and her preparations for viewing were awesome.;William Manchester;history
To the extent that the judicial profession becomes the daily routine of deciding cases on the most secure precedents and the narrowest grounds available, the judicial mind atrophies and its perspective shrinks.;Irving R. Kaufman;history
The Supreme Court's only armor is the cloak of public trust its sole ammunition, the collective hopes of our society.;Irving R. Kaufman;history
You can't set a hen in one morning and have chicken salad for lunch.;George M. Humphrey;history
Remember, God provides the best camouflage several hours out of every 24.;David M. Shoup;history
History will have to record that the greatest tragedy of this period of social transition was not the strident clamor of the bad people, but the appalling silence of the good people.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;history
My reading of history convinces me that most bad government results from too much government.;Thomas Jefferson;history
A people without the knowledge of their past history, origin and culture is like a tree without roots.;Marcus Garvey;history
We are not makers of history. We are made by history.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;history
Geography has made us neighbors. History has made us friends. Economics has made us partners, and necessity has made us allies. Those whom God has so joined together, let no man put asunder.;John F. Kennedy;history
We are fast approaching the stage of the ultimate inversion: the stage where the government is free to do anything it pleases, while the citizens may act only by permission which is the stage of the darkest periods of human history, the stage of rule by brute force.;Ayn Rand;history
History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again.;Maya Angelou;history
If you read history you will find that the Christians who did most for the present world were precisely those who thought most of the next. It is since Christians have largely ceased to think of the other world that they have become so ineffective in this.;C. S. Lewis;history
Among the many misdeeds of the British rule in India, history will look upon the act depriving a whole nation of arms as the blackest.;Mahatma Gandhi;history
The Chinese government wants me to say that for many centuries Tibet has been part of China. Even if I make that statement, many people would just laugh. And my statement will not change past history. History is history.;Dalai Lama;history
History is written by the victors.;Winston Churchill;history
Sometimes it is said that man cannot be trusted with the government of himself. Can he, then be trusted with the government of others? Or have we found angels in the form of kings to govern him? Let history answer this question.;Thomas Jefferson;history
For my part, I consider that it will be found much better by all parties to leave the past to history, especially as I propose to write that history myself.;Winston Churchill;history
I think really, China, Chinese, I think they really have a long history of civilization, rich culture.;Dalai Lama;history
History, in general, only informs us of what bad government is.;Thomas Jefferson;history
Someday, after mastering the winds, the waves, the tides and gravity, we shall harness for God the energies of love, and then, for a second time in the history of the world, man will have discovered fire.;Pierre Teilhard de Chardin;history
Anyone who knows history, particularly the history of Europe, will, I think, recognize that the domination of education or of government by any one particular religious faith is never a happy arrangement for the people.;Eleanor Roosevelt;history
Anyone who knows anything of history knows that great social changes are impossible without feminine upheaval. Social progress can be measured exactly by the social position of the fair sex, the ugly ones included.;Karl Marx;history
The marvel of all history is the patience with which men and women submit to burdens unnecessarily laid upon them by their governments.;George Washington;history
In the long history of the world, only a few generations have been granted the role of defending freedom in its hour of maximum danger. I do not shrink from this responsibility - I welcome it.;John F. Kennedy;history
If history repeats itself, and the unexpected always happens, how incapable must Man be of learning from experience.;George Bernard Shaw;history
History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce.;Karl Marx;history
Long before history began we men have got together apart from the women and done things. We had time.;C. S. Lewis;history
Violent men have not been known in history to die to a man. They die up to a point.;Mahatma Gandhi;history
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.;Robert Fulghum;history
History teaches that war begins when governments believe the price of aggression is cheap.;Ronald Reagan;history
We have the power to make this the best generation of mankind in the history of the world or to make it the last.;John F. Kennedy;history
You may not always have a comfortable life and you will not always be able to solve all of the world's problems at once but don't ever underestimate the importance you can have because history has shown us that courage can be contagious and hope can take on a life of its own.;Michelle Obama;history
Poetry is finer and more philosophical than history for poetry expresses the universal, and history only the particular.;Aristotle;history
Hence poetry is something more philosophic and of graver import than history, since its statements are rather of the nature of universals, whereas those of history are singulars.;Aristotle;history
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present.;Joan Rivers;history
In the course of history, men come to see that iron necessity is neither iron nor necessary.;Friedrich Nietzsche;history
Few will have the greatness to bend history itself but each of us can work to change a small portion of events, and in the total of all those acts will be written the history of this generation.;Robert Kennedy;history
History is a set of lies agreed upon.;Napoleon Bonaparte;history
It is remarkable how closely the history of the apple tree is connected with that of man.;Henry David Thoreau;history
I often say of George Washington that he was one of the few in the whole history of the world who was not carried away by power.;Robert Frost;history
Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.;Harry S. Truman;history
To correct a natural indifference I was placed half-way between misery and the sun. Misery kept me from believing that all was well under the sun, and the sun taught me that history wasn't everything.;Albert Camus;history
Never throughout history has a man who lived a life of ease left a name worth remembering.;Theodore Roosevelt;history
Hegel was right when he said that we learn from history that man can never learn anything from history.;George Bernard Shaw;history
So that the record of history is absolutely crystal clear. That there is no alternative way, so far discovered, of improving the lot of the ordinary people that can hold a candle to the productive activities that are unleashed by a free enterprise system.;Milton Friedman;history
Much of the social history of the Western world, over the past three decades, has been a history of replacing what worked with what sounded good.;Thomas Sowell;history
Live out of your imagination, not your history.;Stephen Covey;history
Those who weep for the happy periods which they encounter in history acknowledge what they want not the alleviation but the silencing of misery.;Albert Camus;history
There has never yet been a man in our history who led a life of ease whose name is worth remembering.;Theodore Roosevelt;history
Woz is living his own life now. He hasn't been around Apple for about five years. But what he did will go down in history.;Steve Jobs;history
Europe was created by history. America was created by philosophy.;Margaret Thatcher;history
Poetry is nearer to vital truth than history.;Plato;history
I want to reform the tax code so that it's simple, fair, and asks the wealthiest households to pay higher taxes on incomes over $250,000 - the same rate we had when Bill Clinton was president the same rate we had when our economy created nearly 23 million new jobs, the biggest surplus in history, and a lot of millionaires to boot.;Barack Obama;history
In the richest country in the history of the world, this Obama economy has crushed the middle class. Family income has fallen by $4,000, but health insurance premiums are higher, food prices are higher, utility bills are higher, and gasoline prices have doubled. Today more Americans wake up in poverty than ever before.;Mitt Romney;history
If past history was all there was to the game, the richest people would be librarians.;Warren Buffett;history
History does nothing it does not possess immense riches, it does not fight battles. It is men, real, living, who do all this.;Karl Marx;history
History shows that where ethics and economics come in conflict, victory is always with economics. Vested interests have never been known to have willingly divested themselves unless there was sufficient force to compel them.;B. R. Ambedkar;history
All the ills of mankind, all the tragic misfortunes that fill the history books, all the political blunders, all the failures of the great leaders have arisen merely from a lack of skill at dancing.;Moliere;history
Personally, I would be delighted if there were a life after death, especially if it permitted me to continue to learn about this world and others, if it gave me a chance to discover how history turns out.;Carl Sagan;history
The megalomaniac differs from the narcissist by the fact that he wishes to be powerful rather than charming, and seeks to be feared rather than loved. To this type belong many lunatics and most of the great men of history.;Bertrand Russell;history
In the long history of humankind (and animal kind, too) those who learned to collaborate and improvise most effectively have prevailed.;Charles Darwin;history
We don't want tradition. We want to live in the present and the only history that is worth a tinker's dam is the history we make today.;Henry Ford;history
History is only the register of crimes and misfortunes.;Voltaire;history
The whole history of science has been the gradual realization that events do not happen in an arbitrary manner, but that they reflect a certain underlying order, which may or may not be divinely inspired.;Stephen Hawking;history
We've persevered because of a belief we share with the Iraqi people - a belief that out of the ashes of war, a new beginning could be born in this cradle of civilization. Through this remarkable chapter in the history of the United States and Iraq, we have met our responsibility. Now, it's time to turn the page.;Barack Obama;history
I would put our legislative and foreign policy accomplishments in our first two years against any president - with the possible exceptions of Johnson, FDR, and Lincoln - just in terms of what we've gotten done in modern history. But, you know, but when it comes to the economy, we've got a lot more work to do. And we're gonna keep on at it.;Barack Obama;history
Blood alone moves the wheels of history.;Martin Luther;history
Indeed, history is nothing more than a tableau of crimes and misfortunes.;Voltaire;history
History should be written as philosophy.;Voltaire;history
Just in general, any government throughout history hasn't really wanted its people to be educated, because then they couldn't control them as easily.;Maynard James Keenan;history
President Barack Obama has stood watch over the greatest job loss in modern American history. And that, my friends, is one inconvenient truth that will haunt this President throughout history.;Mitt Romney;history
History has demonstrated that the most notable winners usually encountered heartbreaking obstacles before they triumphed. They won because they refused to become discouraged by their defeats.;B. C. Forbes;history
History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;history
Liberty has never come from Government. Liberty has always come from the subjects of it. The history of liberty is a history of limitations of governmental power, not the increase of it.;Woodrow Wilson;history
One could write a history of science in reverse by assembling the solemn pronouncements of highest authority about what could not be done and could never happen.;Robert A. Heinlein;history
If you want to study the social and political history of modern nations, study hell.;Thomas Merton;history
The point in history at which we stand is full of promise and danger. The world will either move forward toward unity and widely shared prosperity - or it will move apart.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;history
It is not history which uses men as a means of achieving - as if it were an individual person - its own ends. History is nothing but the activity of men in pursuit of their ends.;Karl Marx;history
Neither a wise man nor a brave man lies down on the tracks of history to wait for the train of the future to run over him.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;history
Men do not learn much from the lessons of history and that is the most important of all the lessons of history.;Aldous Huxley;history
In our brief national history we have shot four of our presidents, worried five of them to death, impeached one and hounded another out of office. And when all else fails, we hold an election and assassinate their character.;P. J. O'Rourke;history
You that would judge me, do not judge alone this book or that, come to this hallowed place where my friends' portraits hang and look thereon Ireland's history in their lineaments trace think where man's glory most begins and ends and say my glory was I had such friends.;William Butler Yeats;history
The world's battlefields have been in the heart chiefly more heroism has been displayed in the household and the closet, than on the most memorable battlefields in history.;Henry Ward Beecher;history
For most of history, Anonymous was a woman.;Virginia Woolf;history
If a race has no history, if it has no worthwhile tradition, it becomes a negligible factor in the thought of the world, and it stands in danger of being exterminated.;Carter G. Woodson;history
The soles of Neil Armstrong's boots on the moon made permanent impressions on our souls and in our national psyche. Ann and I watched those steps together on her parent's sofa. Like all Americans we went to bed that night knowing we lived in the greatest country in the history of the world. God bless Neil Armstrong.;Mitt Romney;history
I'm the biggest fighter in the history of the sport. If you don't believe it, check the cash register.;Mike Tyson;history
De Sade is the one completely consistent and thoroughgoing revolutionary of history.;Aldous Huxley;history
