I hope I can help guys come out and say, 'All right, dude, I got a manicure... and I liked it.';Ryan Seacrest;hope
I think it's impossible to judge whether another person should come out. You just hope they will on their own time and their own terms.;Billie Jean King;hope
If we are going to stay a great power and I hope and pray we will we need the truth. We need to know what is going right and we need to know what is going wrong. There is no greater time than now.;Charles Schumer;hope
It's part of the calling to at least do a few songs in the show that give people some hope. There's so much hurt in this world and... music is such a great healing balm and a great way to forget your troubles.;Ricky Skaggs;hope
I told the President, I told Rahm Emanuel and others in the administration that I thought the policy they took to try to bring about negotiations is counter-productive, because when you give the Palestinians hope that the United States will do its negotiating for them, they are not going to sit down and talk.;Charles Schumer;hope
It would be fun to do a reunion show. I hope we do it some day, but it better be soon. We're all getting on.;William Christopher;hope
If one seeks to analyze experiences and reactions to the first postwar years, I hope one may say without being accused of bias that it is easier for the victor than for the vanquished to advocate peace.;Gustav Stresemann;hope
TV is so different from the movies. It takes a lot of stamina because you work such long hours. It is really challenging. You are learning the next day's lines while you are shooting today's scenes. I found courage I never realised I had. I hope to do more.;Sharon Stone;hope
The only thing I hope I did was never put in question my love for the game, or my passion to be counted on when it mattered most.;Curt Schilling;hope
I hope this doesn't sound pompous but I don't think of myself as famous, whatever fame I've got has come through what I've done and associations of things I've done.;Peter Cushing;hope
When we cannot hope to win, it is an advantage to yield.;Quintilian;hope
No matter how dark things may get in a story, I feel it's the responsibility of the storyteller to leave the audience with at least a shred of hope.;Josh Radnor;hope
We must vote for hope, vote for life, vote for a brighter future for all of our loved ones.;Ed Markey;hope
The Opera was a very cold film, a hopeless and dark film, no hope, no love.;Dario Argento;hope
At the end of the day, my hope is that when the new Medicare- Prescription Drug Law gets up and fully running a lot more seniors will pay a whole lot less than they do today for their much-needed medications.;Dennis Hastert;hope
Having kids is something I want to see in my future - I hope.;Rachel Bilson;hope
I don't care what other critics say, I only hope to be played.;Virgil Thomson;hope
We all hope for breakthrough rebirth moments.;Dane Cook;hope
I'm a vegetarian and very much active in regards to how I feel about animal rights and protecting animals and giving animals a voice. But at the same time, I appreciate and respect other people's decisions to eat meat. The only thing that I hope is that people are educated, that they're aware, that they're living a conscious lifestyle.;Abbie Cornish;hope
I hope SeaWorld is exploring how, like Ringling, it can get out of the wild animal business.;Ingrid Newkirk;hope
By presenting a faithful and honest record of my experience as a mother, I hope to show both my readers and my children how truth can redeem even what you fear might be the gravest of sins.;Ayelet Waldman;hope
To not be self-conscious of your appearance is huge, and something that I desperately hope to carry into film at some point in my useless life - to not be thinking, 'My ear looks weird from this angle, why is the camera over there?';Anna Kendrick;hope
You know, in my hometown of Hope, Arkansas, the three sacred heroes were Jesus, Elvis, and FDR, not necessarily in that order.;Mike Huckabee;hope
It's true that General Musharraf opposes my return, seeing me as a symbol of democracy in the country. He is comfortable with dictatorship. I hope better sense prevails.;Benazir Bhutto;hope
If newspapers were a baseball team, they would be the Mets - without the hope for those folks at the very pinnacle of the financial food chain - who average nearly $24 million a year in income - 'next year.';Eric Alterman;hope
The myth of the liberal media empowers conservatives to control debate in the United States to the point where liberals cannot even hope for a fair shake anymore.;Eric Alterman;hope
I gather from a lawyer that there was a rehearsal yesterday. We haven't a hope. I know the presiding judge too: I've had the misfortune to sleep with his wife. He was specially picked.;Alphonse Karr;hope
I have taken this step because I want the discipline, the fire and the authority of the Church. I am hopelessly unworthy of it, but I hope to become worthy.;Edith Sitwell;hope
Well, I've been reading a lot about the fifty years since the Second World War, about Western foreign policy and all that. I try not to let it get to me, but sometimes I just think that there's no hope.;Thom Yorke;hope
Like all parents, my husband and I just do the best we can, hold our breath and hope we've set aside enough money for our kid's therapy.;Michelle Pfeiffer;hope
Like when I host a party. I hope my guests get along. But if not, how interesting!;Andy Cohen;hope
Hope is a flatterer, but the most upright of all parasites for she frequents the poor man's hut, as well as the palace of his superior.;William Shenstone;hope
What you hope for, like Unforgiven did a lot to give you a chance to do it again sometime.;Lawrence Kasdan;hope
I hope we will not so characterize religious people as being so narrow and so biased towards people not of their own religion that they cannot even work with them in this common cause to which you say they are committed.;Barney Frank;hope
Hope is a risk that must be run.;Georges Bernanos;hope
I'm moving on. I should have made that clear when I made the announcement. I guess I wasn't clear. If people think you're leaving a show after all these years, you might be retiring. So I understand where they're coming from, but I should have impressed the fact that I hope I'm just moving on right now.;Regis Philbin;hope
I try and reduce myself to an almost blank slate and hope to God that I am creative.;Ben Kingsley;hope
I don't feel despair because I am able to make the films I want to make, and that gives me hope.;Alexander Payne;hope
I would hope everyone would be a feminist.;Mia Wasikowska;hope
I hope to keep entertaining in some way until I can't physically entertain any longer. It's what I was born to do, and I love this profession.;Bette Midler;hope
Jake Roberts has a hard enough time being Jake Roberts. The truth is a brutal thing, I just hope that the kids take the time to learn about each of the wrestlers in the game, and if the kids can learn from our mistakes, that would make me a happy man.;Jake Roberts;hope
You can always get the truth from an American statesman after he has turned seventy, or given up all hope of the Presidency.;Wendell Phillips;hope
In fact, it works the other way: A government as big and bossy as this one is maintained on the backs of the middle class and those who hope to join it.;Mitch Daniels;hope
White actors still get way more money in Hollywood. It's been that way for a very long time. I hope it'll change, but it's a matter of forcing that change.;Idris Elba;hope
I hope girls read what I say in interviews - they should just be themselves.;Taylor Momsen;hope
Reconciliation should be accompanied by justice, otherwise it will not last. While we all hope for peace it shouldn't be peace at any cost but peace based on principle, on justice.;Corazon Aquino;hope
It is above all by the imagination that we achieve perception and compassion and hope.;Ursula K. Le Guin;hope
Inventions have long since reached their limit, and I see no hope for further development.;Ursula K. Le Guin;hope
Certain it is that a great responsibility rests upon the statesmen of all nations, not only to fulfill the promises for reduction in armaments, but to maintain the confidence of the people of the world in the hope of an enduring peace.;Frank B. Kellogg;hope
You hope people are going to be listening to you after you're gone. And they like you better after you're gone.;Tom Waits;hope
As a young actor, people were trying to define who I was before I really knew that for myself. But I still remember thinking, 'This is what I love doing, and I hope I'm going to be able to do it forever.';Tom Cruise;hope
Pope John Paul II brought hope to all corners of the world, to people of all faiths and backgrounds, with his powerful belief in the human spirit.;Jerry Costello;hope
Being an artist is a very long game. It is not a 10-year game. I hope I'll be around making art when I'm 80.;Anish Kapoor;hope
I hope to make a positive, productive contribution, as cheesy as that may sound.;Chelsea Clinton;hope
'Little Miss Sunshine' snowballed. It was a tiny movie. We shot it in 30 days, and it was really fun to do, but it was one of those small movies that you don't hold out huge hope for.;Greg Kinnear;hope
The London games mark the 24th anniversary of my winning two golds and setting the world record in the heptathlon. Someone is going to want it records are made to be broken - it's only a matter of time. I hope mine will outlive me.;Jackie Joyner-Kersee;hope
My denial and irresponsible attitude about asthma put me at great risk and caused me so much needless suffering. My hope is that the kids I talk to learn to open up about their asthma, become educated about their condition, and seek help.;Jackie Joyner-Kersee;hope
The 2012 London Olympic Games fostered a generation of hope. I witnessed women participating for the very first time, representing every nation.;Jackie Joyner-Kersee;hope
I remember thinking, That's what I need - and that hope was in Jesus Christ.;Willie Aames;hope
You promised to take care of me and not to turn your back on me. How is it possible that you never wrote to me even once and you never came back to see me? Do you think that it is fun for me to spend months, even years, without any news, without any hope!;Camille Claudel;hope
And I hope America will realise, as the only superpower now, it really must use its power in a way that's going to build up the world, and to support the United Nations.;George Carey;hope
I hope to get out before they start football next year.;Bear Bryant;hope
Your own experience keeps taking you towards something. My book adds the hope that it's a better something.;Moon Unit Zappa;hope
Tragedy is restful: and the reason is that hope, that foul, deceitful thing, has no part in it.;Jean Anouilh;hope
Structure is one of the things that I always hope will reveal itself to me.;Richard Russo;hope
Chemistry is not anything an executive producer or writer can orchestrate or plan you just hope for it.;David E. Kelley;hope
You probably found 'How to Survive a Robot Uprising' in the humor section. Let's just hope that is where it belongs.;Daniel H. Wilson;hope
I hope people like me and appreciate me the way I am.;Steve Yzerman;hope
I hope that when I'm 80 years old, people will still be talking about my wedding.;Jennifer Hudson;hope
I set records that will never be equaled. In fact, I hope 90% of them don't even get printed.;Bob Uecker;hope
Hope thou not much, and fear thou not at all.;Algernon Charles Swinburne;hope
I hope telling stories though 'Making a Difference' - as in my academic work and nonprofit work - will help me to live my grandmother's adage of 'Life is not about what happens to you, but about what you do with what happens to you.';Chelsea Clinton;hope
Teachers have a chance to mold someone, inspire them. I hope all teachers realize that.;Kevin James;hope
I've had some incredible moments in my life - thus far. I hope a lot more are coming.;Dionne Warwick;hope
We are all here to be a service to those who can't be a service to themselves. We can give people hope and more reasons for being human.;Dionne Warwick;hope
My hope is that countries like Morocco will have investment to create work, so people don't have to leave.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;hope
Yes, well I really hope I can make a difference, even in the smallest way. I am looking forward to helping as much as I can.;Kate Middleton;hope
My daddy, Rev. A. D. King, my granddaddy, Martin Luther King, Senior - we are a family of faith, hope and love.;Alveda King;hope
We're reclaiming America and restoring honor. I believe we do that with faith, with hope, with charity, and honoring our brothers and our sisters as we honor each other.;Alveda King;hope
When I go to a concert, I can't help but feel happy and everything else just goes away. I hope everyone feels that way at my concerts.;Victoria Justice;hope
Sometimes I feel I hope I am not taking advantage of my stardom.;Salman Khan;hope
I love making movies and hope to write my own screenplay someday and do some producing and be behind-the-scenes as well.;Victoria Justice;hope
Hope springs eternal, even in politics.;Gwen Ifill;hope
When I was a kid, my father didn't really have much hope for me. He thought I was a dreamer he didn't think I would amount to anything. My mother also.;Frank Gehry;hope
I don't remember deciding to become a writer. You decide to become a dentist or a postman. For me, writing is like being gay. You finally admit that this is who you are, you come out and hope that no one runs away.;Mark Haddon;hope
Before I do a play I say that I hope it's going to be for as short a time as possible but, once you do it, it is a paradoxical pleasure. One evening out of two there are five minutes of a miracle and for those five minutes you want to do it again and again. It's like a drug.;Isabelle Huppert;hope
I hope that I would be considered romantic. I don't know... one of my favorite movies is 'The Notebook' so I guess that would be considered romantic. But I think being romantic is more than the flowers and the gifts. It's about connecting with the person and being able to talk and share things with her.;Taylor Lautner;hope
I'm thrilled to continue my partnership with U by Kotex for Generation Know while helping to empower girls. I've always been a motivational resource for my younger sisters and hope I can positively impact and inspire other young girls too.;Khloe Kardashian;hope
I saw Richard Linklater's film 'Slacker' for my twenty-first birthday. That was the moment when it all seemed possible. This guy gave me hope.;Kevin Smith;hope
There was never a night or a problem that could defeat sunrise or hope.;Bernard Williams;hope
Flowers are without hope. Because hope is tomorrow and flowers have no tomorrow.;Antonio Porchia;hope
There's no hope of me becoming completely relaxed on stage. If I did, I'd sit down and doze off.;Robert Smith;hope
Even if the hopes you started out with are dashed, hope has to be maintained.;Seamus Heaney;hope
Would it be possible that I should not in any degree succeed? I can scarcely think so. Ah delusive hope, how much further wilt thou lead me?;John James Audubon;hope
I do hope that our spring will be starting shortly and we will all be able to enjoy some sunshine again.;Lesley Garrett;hope
There are no ideas in the Republican Party right now in the Congress. They're the party of no. They desperately need some intellectual leadership. And whatever you think of Newt Gingrich, he can supply intellectual leadership. So I hope he does run.;Howard Dean;hope
Families are the tie that reminds us of yesterday, provide strength and support today, and give us hope for tomorrow. No government, no matter how well-intentioned, or well-managed, can provide what our families provide.;Bill Owens;hope
I hope that at the end of the seven years, people will say that I have been of some inspirational value to them at home in terms of inclusiveness and abroad, I look forward to representing Ireland.;Michael D. Higgins;hope
Boast is always a cry of despair, except in the young it is a cry of hope.;Bernard Berenson;hope
