There is poetry even in prose, in all the great prose which is not merely utilitarian or didactic: there exist poets who write in prose or at least in more or less apparent prose millions of poets write verses which have no connection with poetry.;Eugenio Montale;poetry
This proves that great lyric poetry can die, be reborn, die again, but will always remain one of the most outstanding creations of the human soul.;Eugenio Montale;poetry
True poetry is similar to certain pictures whose owner is unknown and which only a few initiated people know.;Eugenio Montale;poetry
I knew what book we had to write, it was clear in my head it was journals and poetry. So I passed on their offer. I told my agent this is our vision, and no one's done it this way.;Kenny Loggins;poetry
I don't like to boast, but I have probably skipped more poetry than any other person of my age and weight in this country.;Will Cuppy;poetry
My favorite subject probably was math. I love math. Figures just intrigue me. I was really good at math. English probably was my worst subject. But I used to write a lot of poetry. I used to write poetry all the time.;Herschel Walker;poetry
I think that's what poetry does. It allows people to come together and identify with a common thing that is outside of themselves, but which they identify with from the interior.;Diane Wakoski;poetry
I know I'm not a wordsmith. And I don't write poetry. Sometimes I think I should, because it's really helpful. But I always wanted to write novels.;Candace Bushnell;poetry
I'm not really one for fancy, big words and poetry, and the scriptwriters worked very hard on 'Paradise Lost' to translate it.;Callan McAuliffe;poetry
A lot of people think, 'I'll give acting or poetry or filmmaking a try. And if it doesn't work out I'll go get a law degree, do something else that's more practical.' For me I went the reverse way. I lived the back-up plan.;Brit Marling;poetry
I come here to speak poetry. It will always be in the grass. It will also be necessary to bend down to hear it. It will always be too simple to be discussed in assemblies.;Boris Pasternak;poetry
I don't write poetry and then strum some chords and then fit the words on top of the chords.;Andrew Bird;poetry
The middle class is doing fine in fiction. But it's not what gets me going. I love the working class, and everyone from it I've met, and think they're incredibly witty, inventive - there's a lot of poetry there.;Martin Amis;poetry
A book is sent out into the world, and there is no way of fully anticipating the responses it will elicit. Consider the responses called forth by the Bible, Homer, Shakespeare - let alone contemporary poetry or a modern novel.;Chaim Potok;poetry
Perhaps there is an idea among Japanese students that one general difference between Japanese and Western poetry is that the former cultivates short forms and the latter longer ones, gut this is only in part true.;Lafcadio Hearn;poetry
It is true that short forms of poetry have been cultivated in the Far East more than in modern Europe but in all European literature short forms of poetry are to be found - indeed quite as short as anything in Japanese.;Lafcadio Hearn;poetry
I often imagine that the longer he studies English literature the more the Japanese student must be astonished at the extraordinary predominance given to the passion of love both in fiction and in poetry.;Lafcadio Hearn;poetry
Art works because it appeals to certain faculties of the mind. Music depends on details of the auditory system, painting and sculpture on the visual system. Poetry and literature depend on language.;Steven Pinker;poetry
I credit poetry for making this space-walk possible.;Seamus Heaney;poetry
Manifesting that order of poetry where we can at last grow up to that which we stored up as we grew.;Seamus Heaney;poetry
The completely solitary self: that's where poetry comes from, and it gets isolated by crisis, and those crises are often very intimate also.;Seamus Heaney;poetry
The fact of the matter is that the most unexpected and miraculous thing in my life was the arrival in it of poetry itself - as a vocation and an elevation almost.;Seamus Heaney;poetry
Science fiction, outside of poetry, is the only literary field which has no limits, no parameters whatsoever.;Theodore Sturgeon;poetry
I want people to bow as they see me and say he is gifted with poetry, he has seen the presence of the creator.;Allen Ginsberg;poetry
In the total darkness, poetry is still there, and it is there for you.;Abbas Kiarostami;poetry
Poetry always runs away from you - it's very difficult to grasp it, and every time you read it, depending on your conditions, you will have a different grasp of it. Whereas with a novel, once you have read it, you have grasped it.;Abbas Kiarostami;poetry
Journalism is concerned with events, poetry with feelings. Journalism is concerned with the look of the world, poetry with the feel of the world.;Archibald MacLeish;poetry
While I've had a great distaste for what's usually called song in modern poetry or for what's usually called music, I really don't think of speech as so far from song.;David Antin;poetry
I hardly remember how I started to write poetry. It's hard to imagine what I thought poetry could do.;David Antin;poetry
The romanticised life, where all the great poetry and music and art of the world comes from, is great but it requires a lot of self-indulgence.;Laura Marling;poetry
The great function of poetry is to give back to us the situations of our dreams.;Gaston Bachelard;poetry
Poetry is one of the destinies of speech... One would say that the poetic image, in its newness, opens a future to language.;Gaston Bachelard;poetry
In Australia, not reading poetry is the national pastime.;Phyllis McGinley;poetry
The office of poetry is not to make us think accurately, but feel truly.;Frederick William Robertson;poetry
The tradition of Russian literature is also an eastern tradition of learning poetry and prose by heart.;Ryszard Kapuscinski;poetry
I don't think you get to good writing unless you expose yourself and your feelings. Deep songs don't come from the surface they come from the deep down. The poetry and the songs that you are suppose to write, I believe are in your heart.;Judy Collins;poetry
A group of us started a community center in Santa Monica. We've tried different programs, and three have worked really well. A poetry group. Once a week we visit Venice High and talk to girls at risk.;Lisa Bonet;poetry
Gil Thorpe is a great diversion and is to book writing as poetry is to prose.;Jerry B. Jenkins;poetry
The music just tends to be a vehicle for that poetry.;Mark Knopfler;poetry
It's just poetry, beauty and love. How hard can that be to act?;Robin Wright Penn;poetry
I have experienced healing through other writers' poetry, but there's no way I can sit down to write in the hope a poem will have healing potential. If I do, I'll write a bad poem.;Marilyn Hacker;poetry
When you translate poetry in particular, you're obliged to look at how the writer with whom you're working puts together words, sentences, phrases, the triple tension between the line of verse, the syntax and the sentence.;Marilyn Hacker;poetry
Poetry seems to have been eliminated as a literary genre, and installed instead, as a kind of spiritual aerobic exercise - nobody need read it, but anybody can do it.;Marilyn Hacker;poetry
An experienced reader uses the poem as an agent of inquiry. This makes poetry very exciting, unstable, and interactive.;John Barton;poetry
Poetry is but another form of inquiry into the nature of phenomena, using with its own unique procedures and tools.;John Barton;poetry
In the past, poetry came in the form of spells and chants used to effect change.;John Barton;poetry
If poetry alters the way in which the reader views the world, then it has had its desired effect.;John Barton;poetry
My obsession with time informs my poetry so completely it is hard for me to summarize it. We want time to pass, for new things to happen to us, we want to hold on to certain moments, we don't want our lives to end.;John Barton;poetry
I can find some way to make poetry out of my life's experiences.;Shelby Lynne;poetry
There are better ways we can transform this virulent hatred - by living our ideals, the Peace Corps, exchange students, teachers, exporting our music, poetry, blue jeans.;Helen Thomas;poetry
It is the timber of poetry that wears most surely, and there is no timber that has not strong roots among the clay and worms.;John Millington Synge;poetry
I think it comes from really liking literary forms. Poetry is very beautiful, but the space on the page can be as affecting as where the text is. Like when Miles Davis doesn't play, it has a poignancy to it.;Jim Jarmusch;poetry
If you go into a bar in most places in America and even say the word poetry, you'll probably get beaten up. But poetry is a really strong, beautiful form to me, and a lot of innovation in language comes from poetry.;Jim Jarmusch;poetry
I work on words, mostly, toward them being poetry or short stories, and then some of those become songs. They all find their place in the world, but they all start off in the same place. I'm always painting and drawing as well, and it's an ongoing creative assignment.;P. J. Harvey;poetry
I was a visual artist primarily and a writer, even from a very young age. I wrote a lot of stories and poetry and... I had a desire to create always. And I always had a desire to show my work.;P. J. Harvey;poetry
There is an urgent need for Americans to look deeply into themselves and their actions, and musical poetry is perhaps the most effective mirror available. Every newspaper headline is a potential song.;Phil Ochs;poetry
When I really want to be soothed and reminded of why people bother to fiddle with sentences, I often read poetry.;Nicholson Baker;poetry
From my music training, I knew that, some Spanish rhythms apart, 5/4 is a time signature used only in the modern era. Holst's Mars from the Planets is 5/4. But if you speak lines of poetry in that pattern you just end up hitting the off-beats. It's only when you add a rest - a sixth beat - that it sounds as it surely should sound.;Nicholson Baker;poetry
So I really began as a failed poet - although when I first wanted to be a writer, I learned to write prose by reading poetry.;Nicholson Baker;poetry
I've always written, all my life, and when I was very young I developed an interest in poetry.;Jeffery Deaver;poetry
I like the way words go together and I like the gamesmanship of writing poetry. It is such a challenge.;Jeffery Deaver;poetry
Poetry a criticism of life under the conditions fixed for such a criticism by the laws of poetic truth and poetic beauty.;Matthew Arnold;poetry
I'm quite sure that most writers would sustain real poetry if they could, but it takes devotion and talent.;Marguerite Young;poetry
I'm as much influenced by Joseph Smith and the Mormons as I am, more so, than by Eliot. Actually, I'm much more influenced by the poetry of the Mormons.;Marguerite Young;poetry
I guess the two Manifesto, Communicating Vessels, Mad Love, and some of his poetry made a significant mark on me but as far as bringing a literary element into the music I see it as a much broader assimilation.;Trevor Dunn;poetry
Even if you only want to write science fiction, you should also read mysteries, poetry, mainstream literature, history, biography, philosophy, and science.;Walter Jon Williams;poetry
It's necessary to start most work alone. But I'm tickled to death when I can pull somebody in or join someone, whether it's borrowing poetry or traveling with an associate.;Jenny Holzer;poetry
It's always good when women win things in fiction because it tends to be more male-dominated, unlike poetry, which is more equal.;Carol Ann Duffy;poetry
Poetry and prayer are very similar.;Carol Ann Duffy;poetry
Auden said poetry makes nothing happen. But I wonder if the opposite could be true. It could make something happen.;Carol Ann Duffy;poetry
I grew up in a bookless house - my parents didn't read poetry, so if I hadn't had the chance to experience it at school I'd never have experienced it. But I loved English, and I was very lucky in that I had inspirational English teachers, Miss Scriven and Mr. Walker, and they liked us to learn poems by heart, which I found I loved doing.;Carol Ann Duffy;poetry
I think poetry can help children deal with the other subjects on the curriculum by enabling them to see a subject in a new way.;Carol Ann Duffy;poetry
You can find poetry in your everyday life, your memory, in what people say on the bus, in the news, or just what's in your heart.;Carol Ann Duffy;poetry
I was always making up rhymes. But I never thought that poetry would become my life.;Saul Williams;poetry
More people than ever are slowly but surely turning their ears toward poetry.;Saul Williams;poetry
I think we fool ourselves and really negate a great deal of history if we think that the oral history of poetry is shorter than the written history of poetry. It's not true. Poetry has a longer oral tradition than it does written.;Saul Williams;poetry
If you don't mark your successes, the day your ship comes in could be just another day at the office, and there's no poetry in that.;Glen Hansard;poetry
On the other hand, if there's an underlying core of poetry that I go to, I go to the sea. I've lived on the sea all my life. I live on the sea in Cape Breton.;Richard Serra;poetry
I don't think rap really fits in to 'American Idol' in the sense that I believe rap is an art form in itself more akin to poetry, more akin to drama, if you will.;Nigel Lythgoe;poetry
Poetry, it is often said and loudly so, is life's true mirror. But a monkey looking into a work of literature looks in vain for Socrates.;Franz Grillparzer;poetry
Science and art, or by the same token, poetry and prose differ from one another like a journey and an excursion. The purpose of the journey is its goal, the purpose of an excursion is the process.;Franz Grillparzer;poetry
Prose talks and poetry sings.;Franz Grillparzer;poetry
And my father was a comic. He could play any musical instrument. He loved to perform. He was a wonderfully comedic character. He had the ability to dance and sing and charm and analyze poetry.;Lynn Johnston;poetry
Reading a piece of poetry with no beat in front of 20 people is way more challenging than rocking for 10,000 people.;Macklemore;poetry
If there's no money in poetry, neither is there poetry in money.;Robert Graves;poetry
I don't think it's always good to read lots of poetry.;Amber Tamblyn;poetry
The first function of poetry is to tell the truth, to learn how to do that, to find out what you really feel and what you really think.;June Jordan;poetry
So, poetry becomes a means for useful dialogue between people who are not only unknown, but mute to each other. It produces a dialogue among people that guards all of us against manipulation by our so-called leaders.;June Jordan;poetry
Naming a baby is an act of poetry, for many people the only creative moment of their lives.;Richard Eyre;poetry
I've done a number of readings at poetry lounges in Vancouver and Los Angeles. I've compiled a book of poetry that's completed, and two others I'm working on.;Corin Nemec;poetry
America was based on a poetic vision. What will happen when it loses its poetry?;Azar Nafisi;poetry
I see people who talk about America, and then undermine it by not paying attention to its soul, to its poetry. I see polarization, reductionism and superficiality.;Azar Nafisi;poetry
Poetry is life distilled.;Gwendolyn Brooks;poetry
Children can write poetry and then, unless they're poets, they stop when reach puberty.;Dennis Potter;poetry
Poetry is the utterance of deep and heart-felt truth - the true poet is very near the oracle.;Edwin Hubbel Chapin;poetry
I had art as a major, along with English, French and History. I had dance, modern dance. In English I was allowed to write my own poetry, which I eventually got published.;Sally Kirkland;poetry
Rap is rhythm and poetry. Hip-hop is storytelling and poetry as well.;Ajay Naidu;poetry
My friends never talk to me about my poetry because they're embarrassed that I write it or they're embarrassed by what I write about which are not such extraordinarily terrifying things, but they are the state of human existence.;Peter Davison;poetry
I think poetry has lost an awful lot of its muscle because nobody knows any. Nobody has to memorize poetry.;Peter Davison;poetry
