I love romantic comedies. They're for me the easiest thing to do and the most natural to do. There's nothing natural about holding an uzi hanging out of a moving van shooting at people. That's not second nature to me, thank God.;Gabrielle Union;nature
No phenomenon can be isolated, but has repercussions through every aspect of our lives. We are learning that we are a fundamental part of nature's ecosystems.;Arthur Erickson;nature
There is little doubt that we are in the midst of a revolution of a much more profound and fundamental nature than the social and political revolutions of the last half century.;Arthur Erickson;nature
Each of us has a very rich nature and can look at things objectively, from a distance, and at the same time can have something more personal to say about them. I am trying to look at the world, and at myself, from many different points of view. I think many poets have this duality.;Wislawa Szymborska;nature
Mencius said that human nature is good. I disagree with that.;Xun Zi;nature
We must make it an imperative duty of our government to protect the gifts which Nature has bestowed on America and to insure the maintenance of a clean, healthy, wholesome environment for our people.;George Lincoln Rockwell;nature
Thus, anybody who follows this nature and gives way its states will be led into quarrels and conflicts, and go against the conventions and rules of society, and will end up a criminal.;Xun Zi;nature
Human nature is such that people are born with a love of profit If they follow these inclinations, they will struggle and snatch from each other, and inclinations to defer or yield will die.;Xun Zi;nature
I believe the accepted model of capitalism that demands endless growth deserves the blame for the destruction of nature, and it should be displaced. Failing that, I try to work with those companies and help them change the way they think about our resources.;Yvon Chouinard;nature
When I get recognized for 'Twilight,' it's usually a teenage girl, and they're usually really loud. So it certainly feels like I get recognized the most from that, but it could just be because of the nature of how vocal those fans are.;Anna Kendrick;nature
Since the nature of people is bad, to become corrected they must be taught by teachers and to be orderly they must acquire ritual and moral principles.;Xun Zi;nature
I like figuring out where I need to be mentally so that I'm not thinking about the camera and that it's second nature. I want to get to a place where I can exist within the confines of what you can do with filmmaking and not have to think about it.;Anna Kendrick;nature
Human nature is what Heaven supplies.;Xun Zi;nature
Human nature refers to what is in people but which they cannot study or work at achieving.;Xun Zi;nature
It's a great event to get outside and enjoy nature. I find it very exciting no matter how many times I see bald eagles.;Karen Armstrong;nature
Some people just use beautiful things to just shop or to have a tribal feeling - 'Oh, blah, blah, blah, I'm wearing Hermes blah, blah, blah, I'm wearing Saint Laurent blah-blah blah' - because it's like a need, a tribe, recognition: 'Ahh, my Rolex.' But I run away from anything which is too recognizable - it's my nature.;Manolo Blahnik;nature
French is a foreign language, but I've been speaking it since I was 18 so it's second nature to me.;Kristin Scott Thomas;nature
The laws of nature are but the mathematical thoughts of God.;Euclid;nature
I would warn you that I do not attribute to nature either beauty or deformity, order or confusion. Only in relation to our imagination can things be called beautiful or ugly, well-ordered or confused.;Baruch Spinoza;nature
Only that thing is free which exists by the necessities of its own nature, and is determined in its actions by itself alone.;Baruch Spinoza;nature
I think there's a supreme power behind the whole thing, an intelligence. Look at all of the instincts of nature, both animals and plants, the very ingenious ways they survive. If you cut yourself, you don't have to think about it.;Clyde Tombaugh;nature
Nothing exists from whose nature some effect does not follow.;Baruch Spinoza;nature
Every man should follow the bent of his nature in art and letters, always provided that he does not offend against the rules of morality and good taste.;Thomas Edward Brown;nature
Speech is human nature itself, with none of the artificiality of written language.;Alfred North Whitehead;nature
Since those who believe they need a hero/celebrity outnumber the actual heroes/celebrities, people feel safe and comfortably justified in numbers, committing egregious crimes in the name of the greater social ego. Ironically diminishing their own true hero-celebrity nature in the process.;Lauryn Hill;nature
Assuming that man has a distinct spiritual nature, a soul, why should it be thought unnatural that under appropriate conditions of maladjustment, his soul might die before his body does or that his soul might die without his knowing it?;Albert J. Nock;nature
The historic ascent of humanity, taken as a whole, may be summarized as a succession of victories of consciousness over blind forces - in nature, in society, in man himself.;Leon Trotsky;nature
Natural science, does not simply describe and explain nature it is part of the interplay between nature and ourselves.;Werner Heisenberg;nature
The fans know what's happened to me over the past couple of years. I lost my family. I pretty much got devastated financially and the fans know that I've had some hard times - and that's the nature of loyal fans. They want to see the people that they love and believe in get back on their feet.;Hulk Hogan;nature
There were no temples or shrines among us save those of nature.;Charles Eastman;nature
Nature says women are human beings, men have made religions to deny it. Nature says women are human beings, men cry out no!;Taslima Nasrin;nature
There is no gardening without humility. Nature is constantly sending even its oldest scholars to the bottom of the class for some egregious blunder.;Alfred Austin;nature
I found myself in a race with Mother Nature to play as much baseball as I could before she forced me to stop.;Willie Stargell;nature
It's human nature to be curious about people, and to be more curious about young people than old people. We want to cheer something on at the same time we want to tear it down. That's just so normal.;Amy Grant;nature
I have a bit of a rebellious nature.;John Cusack;nature
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him.;Buddha;parenting
A child who is allowed to be disrespectful to his parents will not have true respect for anyone.;Billy Graham;parenting
We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves.;Henry Ward Beecher;parenting
I cannot think of any need in childhood as strong as the need for a father's protection.;Sigmund Freud;parenting
Even as kids reach adolescence, they need more than ever for us to watch over them. Adolescence is not about letting go. It's about hanging on during a very bumpy ride.;Ron Taffel;parenting
Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process.;John F. Kennedy;parenting
A mother who is really a mother is never free.;Honore de Balzac;parenting
Children are educated by what the grown-up is and not by his talk.;Carl Jung;parenting
Let parents bequeath to their children not riches, but the spirit of reverence.;Plato;parenting
Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children.;Charles R. Swindoll;parenting
Mothers - especially single mothers - are heroic in their efforts to raise our nation's children, but men must also take responsibility for their children and recognize the impact they have on their families' well-being.;Evan Bayh;parenting
Parentage is a very important profession, but no test of fitness for it is ever imposed in the interest of the children.;George Bernard Shaw;parenting
A new father quickly learns that his child invariably comes to the bathroom at precisely the times when he's in there, as if he needed company. The only way for this father to be certain of bathroom privacy is to shave at the gas station.;Bill Cosby;parenting
Always kiss your children goodnight, even if they're already asleep.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;parenting
How pleasant it is for a father to sit at his child's board. It is like an aged man reclining under the shadow of an oak which he has planted.;Voltaire;parenting
The truth is that parents are not really interested in justice. They just want quiet.;Bill Cosby;parenting
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.;Erma Bombeck;parenting
Every cliche about kids is true they grow up so quickly, you blink and they're gone, and you have to spend the time with them now. But that's a joy.;Liam Neeson;parenting
We are apt to forget that children watch examples better than they listen to preaching.;Roy L. Smith;parenting
Most children threaten at times to run away from home. This is the only thing that keeps some parents going.;Phyllis Diller;parenting
Telling a teenager the facts of life is like giving a fish a bath.;Arnold H. Glasow;parenting
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your children have teenagers of their own.;Doug Larson;parenting
Most American children suffer too much mother and too little father.;Gloria Steinem;parenting
At the end of the day, the most overwhelming key to a child's success is the positive involvement of parents.;Jane D. Hull;parenting
Don't try to make children grow up to be like you, or they may do it.;Russell Baker;parenting
Girls are the future mothers of our society, and it is important that we focus on their well-being.;Miriam Makeba;parenting
I think a dad has to make his daughter feel that he's genuinely interested in what she's going through.;Harry Connick, Jr.;parenting
Nothing you do for children is ever wasted. They seem not to notice us, hovering, averting our eyes, and they seldom offer thanks, but what we do for them is never wasted.;Garrison Keillor;parenting
There's really no point in having children if you're not going to be home enough to father them.;Anthony Edwards;parenting
Having children is like having a bowling alley installed in your brain.;Martin Mull;parenting
The well-being and welfare of children should always be our focus.;Todd Tiahrt;parenting
I had no idea that mothering my own child would be so healing to my own sadness from my childhood.;Susie Bright;parenting
To me luxury is to be at home with my daughter, and the occasional massage doesn't hurt.;Olivia Newton-John;parenting
Children that are raised in a home with a married mother and father consistently do better in every measure of well-being than their peers who come from divorced or step-parent, single-parent, cohabiting homes.;Todd Tiahrt;parenting
Children are our second chance to have a great parent-child relationship.;Laura Schlessinger;parenting
Loving a child doesn't mean giving in to all his whims to love him is to bring out the best in him, to teach him to love what is difficult.;Nadia Boulanger;parenting
A baby is born with a need to be loved - and never outgrows it.;Frank A. Clark;parenting
My mother protected me from the world and my father threatened me with it.;Quentin Crisp;parenting
My children are the reason I laugh, smile and want to get up every morning.;Gena Lee Nolin;parenting
I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home.;Robert Orben;parenting
The Internet is just bringing all kinds of information into the home. There's just a lot of distraction, a lot of competition for the parent's voice to resonate in the children's ears.;Phil McGraw;parenting
I have three daughters, so I can't be as tough as I want to be. When you have kids - especially daughters - they know how to work you. They're a lot smarter than we are, that's for sure. But I'll be more tough on their boyfriends.;Tim McGraw;parenting
The interesting thing about being a mother is that everyone wants pets, but no one but me cleans the kitty litter.;Meryl Streep;parenting
Having a baby changes the way you view your in-laws. I love it when they come to visit now. They can hold the baby and I can go out.;Matthew Broderick;parenting
I figure that if the children are alive when I get home, I've done my job.;Roseanne Barr;parenting
I want to have children, but my friends scare me. One of my friends told me she was in labor for 36 hours. I don't even want to do anything that feels good for 36 hours.;Rita Rudner;parenting
Love is staying up all night with a sick child - or a healthy adult.;David Frost;parenting
Childhood obesity is best tackled at home through improved parental involvement, increased physical exercise, better diet and restraint from eating.;Bob Filner;parenting
Parents should not smoke in order to discourage their kids from smoking. A child is more likely to smoke when they have been raised in the environment of a smoker.;Christy Turlington;parenting
There are only two lasting bequests we can hope to give our children. One of these is roots, the other, wings.;Hodding Carter;parenting
Studies show that children best flourish when one mom and one dad are there to raise them.;John Boehner;parenting
It's hard enough to work and raise a family when your kids are all healthy and relatively normal, but when you add on some kind of disability or disease, it can just be such a burden.;Patricia Heaton;parenting
You can learn many things from children. How much patience you have, for instance.;Franklin P. Jones;parenting
No fathers or mothers think their own children ugly.;Miguel de Cervantes;parenting
You have to support your children to have a healthy relationship.;Connie Sellecca;parenting
The child supplies the power but the parents have to do the steering.;Benjamin Spock;parenting
If you're asking your kids to exercise, then you better do it, too. Practice what you preach.;Bruce Jenner;parenting
It's a huge change for your body. You don't even want to look in the mirror after you've had a baby, because your stomach is just hanging there like a Shar-Pei.;Cindy Crawford;parenting
It is a sad commentary of our times when our young must seek advice and counsel from 'Dear Abby' instead of going to Mom and Dad.;Abigail Van Buren;parenting
Parenthood remains the greatest single preserve of the amateur.;Alvin Toffler;parenting
What good mothers and fathers instinctively feel like doing for their babies is usually best after all.;Benjamin Spock;parenting
Parenthood and family come first for me, and when I'm not working I'm cool with the Teletubbies.;Clive Owen;parenting
Success for me its to raise happy, healthy human beings.;Kelly LeBrock;parenting
The family teaches us about the importance of knowledge, education, hard work and effort. It teaches us about enjoying ourselves, having fun, keeping fit and healthy.;Kamisese Mara;parenting
