I know what Germans are. They are a funny people. They are always choosing someone to lead them in a direction which they do not want to go.;Gertrude Stein;funny
I was so afraid to even read a paper in front of my classmates. It is very funny because at that point my teachers would never have believed that I could speak in front of an audience of over 2,000 people.;Petra Nemcova;funny
It's funny when people say, 'I don't think Julia likes me.' Honey, if I don't like you, you're going to know about it.;Julia Roberts;funny
It's funny how social activists usually protest against the only things that have a credible chance of achieving the activists' goals.;Craig Bruce;funny
If you're going to tell people the truth, be funny or they'll kill you.;Billy Wilder;funny
I think we're all good and bad, but good's not funny. Bad is funny. Suppress the good and let the bad out, and then you can be funny.;Larry David;funny
It's funny what a few no-hitters do for a body.;Satchel Paige;funny
As soon as you are trying to be funny or dramatic, that's when things start feeling fake and boring.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;funny
What's funny is that the idea of popularity - even the use of the word 'popular' - is something that had been mostly absent from my life since junior high. In fact, the hallmark of life after junior high seemed to be the shedding of popularity as a central concern.;Susan Orlean;funny
I mean I've seen 3D films so far and I think it's a long way to go before they replace actors. It's a funny thing with 3D, I haven't quite got it yet. Yet.;Daniel Radcliffe;funny
Funny things happen to you in movies for silly reasons.;Michael Caine;funny
Chris Hemsworth is like Christopher Reeve in that he can do two things: he can wear a big red cape without a shred of self-consciousness. But he's also funny as hell, and he's so sweet. So with all the fish-out-of-water stuff, he's so funny. So he does almost two jobs in a way.;Tom Hiddleston;funny
I like funny guys and those, for some reason, tend to be nerdy guys.;Megan Fox;funny
The nightmare is you spend the rest of your life being funny at parties and then people say, 'Why didn't you do that when you were on television?';Conan O'Brien;funny
The funny thing about me that most people never really understand is that, at heart, I'm really a jock.;Billy Corgan;funny
I was a hop-around. I hung out with the rockabilly crew, the guys who were trying to be rappers, the funny kids.;Katy Perry;funny
I wanted to be that quirky girl who writes funny songs that still have meaning.;Katy Perry;funny
Everything I buy is vintage and smells funny. Maybe that's why I don't have a boyfriend.;Lucy Liu;funny
I'm a pretty funny guy, and I would love to do a comedy with a bunch of funny guys - movie-star guys, where they could help me through it.;LeBron James;funny
You can't really be strong until you see a funny side to things.;Ken Kesey;funny
It's only I have seen enough of it and the funny thing is now, I know that I'm skinny, because I know there are even smaller clothes in the store. I think I'm big, when I was big, I never thought about it.;Karl Lagerfeld;funny
I like reading Ball Tongue lyrics and all that stuff. And they published a book, and I wouldn't give my lyrics, and it's all wrong in the book, and I giggle. It's funny.;Jonathan Davis;funny
They say Yogi Berra is funny. Well, he has a lovely wife and family, a beautiful home, money in the bank, and he plays golf with millionaires. What's funny about that?;Casey Stengel;funny
I don't think I'm funny.;Liam Neeson;funny
It's funny, but you get to a time in your life when you think you have all the friends you will ever have.;Liam Neeson;funny
Books are funny little portable pieces of thought.;Susan Sontag;funny
It's funny. All you have to do is say something nobody understands and they'll do practically anything you want them to.;J. D. Salinger;funny
You have to discover when you're inadequate to be funny and you don't know you're inadequate when you're a kid.;Larry David;funny
I gave a funny speech at my wife's birthday party, and I'm thinking, 'Hey, I've still got it.';Larry David;funny
There's also a certain rhythm to the way Jews talk that might be funny.;Larry David;funny
The funniest racism is the racism between minorities. It's something you don't see dramatized, but almost every minority I know who's my age, they have these funny stories about their parents stereotyping other minorities.;Mindy Kaling;funny
Very often, I don't make it through moments of recording because it is genuinely funny and absolutely ridiculous that a 60-year-old grown man is making these noises.;David Ogden Stiers;funny
I had the classic 40 meltdown. I did. It's embarrassing. It was pretty funny. But then I recovered. To me, it was like a second adolescence. Hormonally, my body was changing, my mind was changing, and so my relationship to myself and the world around me came to this assault of finiteness.;Keanu Reeves;funny
Life was a funny thing that happened to me on the way to the grave.;Quentin Crisp;funny
Don't remember me as too nice or beautiful or funny, because then you'll be disappointed.;Celia Johnson;funny
I don't like comedy. I like funny things. I don't like comedy. Like, comedy movies are just, 'Oh Jesus.';Louis C. K.;funny
The funny thing is I'm not bothered or sad about being on my own - after all I've never had a husband.;Francesca Annis;funny
Light and funny has a more compelling quality when you're younger. But I haven't abandoned the genre: I love falling down I love Lucille Ball. It's just that a lot of those stories revolve around problems that I can't convincingly portray at this age.;Julia Roberts;funny
I actually think of being funny as an odd turn of mind, like a mild disability, some weird way of looking at the world that you can't get rid of.;Calvin Trillin;funny
When I was a little kid, I wrote this play about all these characters living in a haunted house. There was a witch who lived there, and a mummy. When they were all hassling him, this guy who bought the house - I can't believe I remember this - he said to them, 'Who's paying the mortgage on this haunted house?' I thought that was really funny.;Mindy Kaling;funny
Sometimes I think what I write is funny in its quiet way.;Doris Lessing;funny
Actually I never did stand up. I'm not that funny.;Maynard James Keenan;funny
The funny thing is, the girls that I'm always up against for roles are pretty nice and cool, like Emma Watson. She's awesome.;Amanda Seyfried;funny
I love readings and my readers, but the din of voices of the audience gives me stage fright, and the din of voices inside whisper that I am a fraud, and that the jig is up. Surely someone will rise up from the audience and say out loud that not only am I not funny and helpful, but I'm annoying, and a phony.;Anne Lamott;funny
I've thought for the last decade or so, the only actual place raw truth was seeping through in newspapers was on the Comics Pages. They were able to pull off intelligent social comment, pure truths not found elsewhere in the news pages, and had the ability to make it all funny, entertaining, and pertinent.;Elayne Boosler;funny
I have only been funny about seventy four per cent of the time. Yes I think that is right. Seventy-four per cent of the time.;Will Ferrell;funny
No, no, I was only funny on stage, really. I, I, think I was funny as a person toward my classmates when I was very young. You know, when I was a child, up to about the age of 12.;Rowan Atkinson;funny
Hemingway seems to be in a funny position. People nowadays can't identify with him closely as a member of their own generation, and he isn't yet historical.;Leslie Fiedler;funny
I think the pattern of my essays is, A funny thing happened to me on my way through Finnegans Wake.;Leslie Fiedler;funny
It's funny to be a critic.;Leslie Fiedler;funny
I find it so funny that people find me so interesting.;Britney Spears;funny
Great, big, serious novels always get awards. If it's a battle between a great, big, serious novel and a funny novel, the funny novel is doomed.;Neil Gaiman;funny
We've seen some insane signs: 'Is that a loaf of bread in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?' Funny stuff along those lines. Very original. One just said, 'I will do unspeakable things.' I thought that was very interesting - and mildly terrifying!;Josh Hutcherson;funny
You know what's funny? I don't ever feel the need to escape. I have a strong marriage. I like my life. You hear about these guys having midlife crises - I don't see that happening to me.;Harry Connick, Jr.;funny
I don't really get shaken very much. People could heckle me, a spotlight could go out, I could forget a lyric... I'm not operating on somebody's brain, you know what I mean? So I just think it's all funny.;Harry Connick, Jr.;funny
Without hurting anybody, we all tend to laugh at others' discomfort. When someone slips on a banana skin and falls it's funny.;Shahrukh Khan;funny
Always remember your kid's name. Always remember where you put your kid. Don't let your kid drive until their feet can reach the pedals. Use the right size diapers... for yourself. And, when in doubt, make funny faces.;Amy Poehler;funny
I had to act in a school play when I was about ten years old. I really didn't want to do it. But everyone had to do it so I didn't have a choice. A talent agent came and watched it and later gave me some work. It's funny because I'd always known that I wanted a movie career. I just didn't think that I would be in the movies.;Kristen Stewart;funny
I'm like, bursting. I should be working. I don't want to take a break. It's funny, on set, I don't have to go to the bathroom, I don't have anything wrong, I'm perfectly fine, so through-and-through. I'm not hungry. I'm literally not even in my own body.;Kristen Stewart;funny
It's a funny thing: You want so badly for people to see what you do - you're proud of it - and I like the effect that movies have on people. But the attention can also make me uncomfortable.;Kristen Stewart;funny
And I like to keep whatever is mine remaining that way. It's a funny little game to play and it's a slippery slope. I always say to myself I'm never going to give anything away because there's never any point or benefit for me.;Kristen Stewart;funny
It's not an accident that both my sister and I are writers. Our parents created an accidental Petri dish. My family has great storytellers, and I grew up in a very funny, conversational house and didn't have television. This small family farm was a bubble world that didn't have much to do with reality.;Elizabeth Gilbert;funny
'Come out' is so funny to me because I've never been in.;Adam Lambert;funny
The word 'funny' is a bit like the word 'love' - we don't have enough words to describe the many varieties.;George Saunders;funny
A romantic comedy has to be funny and make you think about life but the obstacle that has to be overcome is key.;Jennifer Lopez;funny
There's something dangerous about what's funny. Jarring and disconcerting. There is a connection between funny and scary.;Christopher Walken;funny
Some people can do things and get away with it. Comics are famously like that. Why is it that some guys can say the most horrible things and it's not offensive, it's funny?;Christopher Walken;funny
I always like to watch comics and it's interesting that you can tell if someone's funny in 10 seconds.;Christopher Walken;funny
I guess now that I think back, I used to play priest and be a funny priest. I don't know, I grew up in such a Catholic family that I kind of liked to test the boundaries a little bit and I think I had fun watching my mom laugh.;Jenny McCarthy;funny
Comedy's so subjective, and if someone comes to watch, doesn't get it, doesn't find it funny, then fine.;Johnny Vegas;funny
The funny thing is people won't let me pay for things. I'll be in a restaurant and the manager will say, 'Oh no, it's on the house.';Richard Branson;funny
The trick is always to write in pairs because if at least two people find it funny, you've immediately halved the odds of it not being funny.;Steve Coogan;funny
It's not common for a woman on television, especially if she's the mom of the family, to be funny. She's usually a straight man or foil.;Martha Plimpton;funny
I watch things that are fun, or funny, or interesting.;Martha Plimpton;funny
Funny enough, if you are looking at people these days who are putting Botox in their face and getting all sorts of plastic surgery, we look at them and go, I can tell you've had Botox. I can tell you've had plastic surgery. You look really strange to me. But no one's saying anything. We're just accepting the fact that they're strange-looking.;Guy Pearce;funny
No one ever thought Clint Eastwood was funny, but he was.;Annie Leibovitz;funny
I mean, I - it's so funny, I am, you know, I am, you know, a working woman out in the world, but I still live with my parents half the time. I've been sort of taking this very long, stuttering period of moving out.;Lena Dunham;funny
There's always an article coming out, saying, 'The new thing is funny women!';Lena Dunham;funny
It's funny, I never considered that people are going to see me on the show and maybe stop me on the subway.;Lena Dunham;funny
I never thought of myself as like, a funny person.;Lena Dunham;funny
Literature has drawn a funny perimeter that other art forms haven't.;Jonathan Safran Foer;funny
The kind of funny irony is that a lot of people talk about ethical meat eating as if it's a way to care about things, but also not to alienate yourself from the rest of the world. But it's so much more alienating than vegetarianism.;Jonathan Safran Foer;funny
I'm not funny. People assume that because my books are funny, I'll be funny in real life. It's the inevitable disappointment of meeting me.;Jonathan Safran Foer;funny
You find out in life that people really like you funny. So what do you give 'em? Humor. And then if you show them the other side, they don't like you as much. I find, too, that I can hide behind the idiot's mask being funny, and you never see the sorrow or the pain.;Terry Bradshaw;funny
At the end of the day it's got to be a good movie, it's got to be a funny movie, and it's got to make people think, 'Hey, I couldn't have spent my time any better.';Tom Hanks;funny
When you're out of sight for as long as I was, there's a funny feeling of betrayal that comes over people when they see you again.;Esther Williams;funny
I'd like to do a film which is funny.;Clive Owen;funny
Japanese people have a funny habit of abbreviating names.;Shigeru Miyamoto;funny
I find it very easy playing Bond. I think he's hilarious. He gets himself into some extraordinarily funny situations.;Daniel Craig;funny
At home in L.A., Sunday is lazy. It's the wife and me lying in bed with coffee, watching 'The Soup' or something funny on TiVo. The kid will occasionally join us. Eventually, breakfast is at a place down the street called Paty's. And we always have some kind of great dinner - my wife makes a great roast beef.;Eric McCormack;funny
What other people call dark and despairing, I call funny.;David Sedaris;funny
The funny thing is that I'm the girl who no one sees at the beach. Ask anyone who's traveled with me. Normally, I'm in so many layers, I look like Lawrence of Arabia!;Vera Wang;funny
Who do I like? I am a big fan of French and Saunders - not that that they are particularly stand-up I have to say, but I think they have been great for women and they are of themselves just incredibly funny whether they are male or female.;Jo Brand;funny
The thing I thought about doing it was it's Comic Relief and you've got to be funny. So although I did try to sing properly it obviously has hilarious results when you can't sing.;Jo Brand;funny
I made a supreme effort not to do that thing that parents do, which is to bore people without children to death by going on and on about how funny their children are, so there's none of that hopefully.;Jo Brand;funny
I thought I was funny as a kid.;Jo Brand;funny
It used to be that you had to make female TV characters perfect so no one would be offended by your 'portrayal' of women. Even when I started out on 'The Office' eight years ago, we could write our male characters funny and flawed, but not the women. And now, thankfully, it's completely different.;Mindy Kaling;funny
People don't want to listen to a celebrity tweeting about their charities and shows. That's why comedy writers do well - we put out little funny ideas.;Mindy Kaling;funny
The reason why you know more funny dudes than funny chicks is that dudes are funnier than chicks. If my daughter has a mediocre sense of humor, I'm just gonna tell her, 'Be a staff writer for a sitcom. Because they'll have to hire you, they can't really fire you, and you don't have to produce that much. It'll be awesome.';Adam Carolla;funny
