People have said I'm the candidate of anger. Well, we have a right to be angry. We lost 3 million jobs. We lost our place as the moral leader of the world.;Howard Dean;anger
I think anger and laughter are very close to each other, when you think about it.;Albert Brooks;anger
All improv turns into anger. All comedy improv basically turns into anger, because that's all people know how to do when they're improvising. If you notice shows that are improvising are generally people yelling at each other.;Albert Brooks;anger
As the plane got closer to Miami, I had this terrible feeling he was dying. Maybe he was telling me that he was going. I felt anger, panic, despair and helplessness.;Robin Gibb;anger
Men are fair, and they have learned not to personalize anger - they can disagree with you and argue to the bone, but afterward they still consider you a nice person with whom the underlying human relationship need not be altered.;Warren Farrell;anger
I guess because I had such a horrible life growing up, going from place to place not knowing what I was gonna do and ending up being homeless, there was a lot of pain and a lot of anger that was coming out through my guitar playing.;Dave Mustaine;anger
Wise anger is like fire from a flint: there is great ado to get it out and when it does come, it is out again immediately.;Edward Everett Hale;anger
I had a lot of anger because I wasn't happy with the way I had been raised.;Patrick Swayze;anger
So I'm not worried about the emotions I carry with me, because I'm happy that I have them I think it's good for the work I do. The emotions that are not healthy are the ones you hold inside, like anger.;Diana Ross;anger
But one of the hardest things for me to do was to access anger. I could do it on stage. But when I did it on film it was hard for me. That probably has to do with the intimacy of film. And my own personal issues with expressing anger. So I had to learn how to do that.;Ellen Barkin;anger
To rule one's anger is well to prevent it is better.;Tryon Edwards;anger
I was able to do To Sleep with Anger, a very powerful film about African Americans, their spirituality, and the things that happened within a small community and a family.;Danny Glover;anger
The anger of lovers renews their love.;Terence;anger
Life is precious and there's not a lot of room for anger.;Fran Drescher;anger
I think I would cope like anyone copes with any tragedy. I'm sure I would be very upset for a while and then there would come a point where I would either have to stay in this place of darkness and anger, or I'd have to accept that it happened.;Jason Ritter;anger
Everybody kind of perceives me as being angry. It's not anger, it's motivation.;Roger Clemens;anger
There are people still in the Republican Party that I believe practice the communication of anger, of disappointment, of regret, of pain, of sorrow, of suffering. That's not what the American people want to hear.;Frank Luntz;anger
I've purged myself of bitterness and anger and remained open to love.;Tatum O'Neal;anger
Imagine a thousand more such daily intrusions in your life, every hour and minute of every day, and you can grasp the source of this paranoia, this anger that could consume me at any moment if I lost control.;Jack Henry Abbott;anger
There is an element of anger among women who've been raped. There's certainly a major element of humiliation. But it really does seem like a medical condition of shock and horror.;Nicholas D. Kristof;anger
When you start suppressing feelings at an early age, it hurts you down the road. Full expression of anger and pain is very important.;Andrew Shue;anger
I was very fortunate to play sports. All the anger in me went out. I had to do what I had to do. If you stay angry all the time, then you really don't have a good life.;Willie Mays;anger
I understand Tea Partyers' anger with the system, but they are in way over their heads and often racially motivated, and I can't be part of that.;Zach Galifianakis;anger
I do like to write nasty songs. It's a useful weapon to have, and it's cathartic as well, because I create art out of anger, something positive out of something negative.;Lisa Marie Presley;anger
As a culture I see us as presently deprived of subtleties. The music is loud, the anger is elevated, sex seems lacking in sweetness and privacy.;Shelley Berman;anger
I was a pretty angry kid, and I got into military history largely as a way to vent my own anger. As I got older it narrowed down to a more specific focus on individual violence. I'm just trying to understand where it came from.;Caleb Carr;anger
I get in trouble when I say things like, 'I'm attracted to violence.' I was a pretty angry kid, and I got into military history largely as a way to vent my own anger. As I got older it narrowed down to a more specific focus on individual violence. I'm just trying to understand where it came from.;Caleb Carr;anger
Anger is a transient hatred or at least very like it.;Robert South;anger
That's the conundrum of cartoon stripping, as opposed to political cartoons. When your anger is the driving force of your drawing hand, failure follows. The anger is OK, but it has to serve the interests of the heart, frankly.;Berkeley Breathed;anger
Generalised anger and frustration is something that gets you in the studio, and gets you to work - though it's not necessarily evident in anything that's finished.;Bruce Nauman;anger
Most men's anger about religion is as if two men should quarrel for a lady they neither of them care for.;Edward F. Halifax;anger
But on second thought, after I decreed the state of emergency, I came to the conclusion that that was impossible to achieve without bloodshed because the street protesters were full of anger and nearly out of control. This is why I thought we needed to find another way out.;Eduard Shevardnadze;anger
I suppose there's an anger in all of us. Some hidden rage that you keep at bay.;Dominic Cooper;anger
Deep down, my mom had long suspected I was gay... Much of her anger and hurt came from her sense of betrayal that she was the last to be told.;Chaz Bono;anger
I'm generally quite an angry person, and I like to channel my anger toward something creative.;Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy;anger
I think there is a big difference between expressing the pain and anger that many African Americans and other people of color may feel versus language that I think now crosses the line and goes into hate.;Michael Nutter;anger
Being told about the effects of climate change is an appeal to our reason and to our desire to bring about change. But to see that Africans are the hardest hit by climate change, even though they generate almost no greenhouse gas, is a glaring injustice, which also triggers anger and outrage over those who seek to ignore it.;Sigmar Gabriel;anger
I've spent a lot of time and money trying to keep my anger in control.;Yancy Butler;anger
Fear is the only true enemy, born of ignorance and the parent of anger and hate.;Edward Albert;anger
The anger of a person who is strong, can always bide its time.;James Whitcomb Riley;anger
Anger begins with folly, and ends with repentance.;Beverly Sills;anger
I am ready to accept all accusations, allegations, anger - but I have to succeed.;Boris Trajkovski;anger
Indulge not thyself in the passion of anger it is whetting a sword to wound thine own breast, or murder thy friend.;Akhenaton;anger
I guess lyrically they're similar because they're talking about escaping the kind of misery that likes company. 'The Last One Alive,' for me, is very simple. It's just about alienation, really, that causes anger.;Jon Crosby;anger
What if you threw a protest and no one showed up? The lack of angst and anger and emotion is a big positive.;Jay Alan Sekulow;anger
I did not think that I was angry, but clearly anger was reflected in my writing. I did not think that I had been affected emotionally, but it was clear from my writing that I was still very emotional about the trial some six months after it ended.;Christopher Darden;anger
Every child senses, with all the horse sense that's in him, that any parent is angry inside when children misbehave and they dread more the anger that is rarely or never expressed openly, wondering how awful it might be.;Benjamin Spock;anger
I was never jailed. The fact is that I was arrested, but I went into a diversion programme, and by that time I'd already begun working in what was called anger management. It was a painful and awful moment.;David Soul;anger
Keep your temper. A decision made in anger is never sound.;Ford Frick;anger
Because society would rather we always wore a pretty face, women have been trained to cut off anger.;Nancy Friday;anger
Unless and until Barack Obama addresses the full depth of Americans' anger with his full arsenal of policy smarts and political gifts, his presidency and, worse, our economy will be paralyzed.;Frank Rich;anger
The Anger Management Tour was another beautiful thing. I loved that tour.;Obie Trice;anger
I've always turned my anger inwards towards self-destruction.;Mackenzie Phillips;anger
Our task, of course, is to transmute the anger that is affliction into the anger that is determination to bring about change. I think, in fact, that one could give that as a definition of revolution.;Barbara Deming;anger
Bosnia is under my skin. It's the place you cannot leave behind. I was obsessed by the nightmare of it all there was this sense of guilt, and an anger that has become something much deeper over these last years.;Paddy Ashdown;anger
Our second phase was to develop a school curriculum that teaches tolerance, respect for differences, conflict resolution, anger management, and other attributes of peace.;Eddie Bernice Johnson;anger
The American people are smart. They've gotten sick of the predictable hyperpartisan talking points and canned anger.;John Avlon;anger
I share the anger, but, ultimately, to govern this country, it takes more than anger. It takes experience. It takes positions that reflect the best values of the American people.;Joe Lieberman;anger
If either player abandon the game by quitting the table in anger, or in an otherwise offensive manner or by momentarily resigning the game or refuses to abide by the decision of the Umpire, the game must be scored against him.;Howard Staunton;anger
After my second-to-last record, 'The Greatest', I had gone on tour for a while, and I didn't play an instrument for about five years. And I got kind of - it's not self-esteem or whatever, or anger toward myself - but disappointed in myself that I hadn't been challenging myself to learn musically.;Cat Power;anger
That feeds anger, and I mean when we went and at last thank heavens got towards peace in Northern Ireland we went for justice within Northern Ireland as well as using security well, as well as a political settlement, but surely that is the lesson.;Clare Short;anger
And we know there has been horrendous loss of life and suffering and we know that there is anger. Anyone who came anywhere near the general election in constituencies with a substantial Muslim population knows that.;Clare Short;anger
Anger may be kindled in the noblest breasts: but in these slow droppings of an unforgiving temper never takes the shape of consistency of enduring hatred.;M. Kathleen Casey;anger
I've chosen my wedding ring large and heavy to continue forever. But exactly because of that all the time that Dave and I have an argument I feel it like handcuffs, and on anger time I throw it in a basket. Poor Dave, he bought me three wedding rings already!;Carmen Miranda;anger
So many women keep their anger inside and let it build until they explode and then people blow them off again.;Rosalind Wiseman;anger
Anger's not a good emotion.;Lincoln Chafee;anger
I also had to work through the violation of my date rape, my unhealthy relationships with men, my anger toward the people involved in the scandal, and those who exploited me afterwards.;Donna Rice;anger
Fairest and dearest, your wrath and anger are more heavy than I can bear but learn that I cannot tell what you wish me to say without sinning against my honour too grievously.;Marie de France;anger
Violence is a problem we all want to solve. I want to make sure that kids learn to deal with anger by learning how to talk with people to solve problems. Here in the United States Senate I want to make sure we have safe schools, safe neighborhoods and good things for kids to do after school!;Patty Murray;anger
My heart has been heavy and I have deliberated within my own conscience, knowing that my decision should not come out of my initial emotion of anger toward the President for such reckless behavior, but should be based on the facts.;Blanche Lincoln;anger
Insurgents have capitalized on popular resentment and anger towards the United States and the Iraqi government to build their own political, financial and military support, and the faith of Iraqi citizens in their new government has been severely undermined.;Tom Lantos;anger
I had a lot of anger inside me and that came out at times that were not particularly advantageous to me career-wise.;Mickey Rourke;anger
Another night, I dreamed I saw my father sweeping out the barn floor clean, and would not suffer the wheat to be brought in the barn. He appeared to me to be in anger.;Joanna Southcott;anger
Us investigators who went out into the field were faced on occasion with a lot of anger, by people saying why has it taken you five or six year to come and see me?;Tony Greig;anger
I like people and get along, and I'm afraid to express my anger and my rage.;Fisher Stevens;anger
I was shocked at the anger toward me.;Bernadine Dohrn;anger
My anger with the US was not at first, that they had used that weapon - although that anger came later.;Wilfred Burchett;anger
A little anger is a good thing if it isn't on your own behalf, if it's for others deserving of your anger, your empathy.;David Simon;anger
The anger that Uncle Junior has comes from my background. My father was the son of an Italian immigrant, and I've seen the fire of the Italian temperament. It can be explosive sometimes in ways that are both funny and tragic.;Dominic Chianese;anger
The quickest way to defuse fear or insecurity or anger is usually humor. I think comics figure that out quickly, and, once you figure it out, you think, 'Hey, if I can do this and get paid, that would be kind of cool.';Billy Gardell;anger
I may have been the only candidate in America who failed to ride the wave of anti-establishment anger to victory.;Mickey Kaus;anger
The preparation, commitment and desire to win will be no less than the last time I drove a grand prix car in anger.;Nigel Mansell;anger
There's no anger ever in a spiritual. There's always the dream of a hope of a better day coming. That God understands the troubles that I'm experiencing.;Jessye Norman;anger
I want to express myself to feel that what I feel is real. My joy, my pain, my anger.;Annabella Sciorra;anger
It absolutely helped - to write the father in both 'Juicy' and 'Beasts,' I had to see the whole story from his point of view. All of a sudden I understood more of what my own father must be going through - the fear, the frustration, the anger... the hope that he'll leave a legacy.;Lucy Alibar;anger
Whoever incites anger has a strong insurance against indifference.;Philip Stanhope;anger
I think a certain amount of anger has been a fuel of mine, if you want - but also some sort of sadness, and plain mischief, of course.;Siouxsie Sioux;anger
The reason why I love people, and writing about them, is because they don't always respond with hate and anger. If they did I wouldn't have a story to tell. Who wants to know about someone who was brutalised and became brutal? I'm interested in the exceptions.;Chris Cleave;anger
You can survive with anger, but you can't live with it forever.;Ariel Dorfman;anger
The nice thing about anger is that, as an emotion, it's strong enough to unplug me from the comedian's mind for a minute and just be a frustrated member of the citizenry.;Seth Meyers;anger
I think people should be angry at things that are worthy of anger. Injustice is outrageous and deserves outrage.;Chris Hayes;anger
Successful prime-time television of any genre produces some kind of emotional reaction in the viewers. There are a lot of different emotions to tap into. The emotion of the reward of discovery, the feeling of righteous anger, the feelings of pathos and sadness, or sentimentality of being moved by something.;Chris Hayes;anger
My character had been in the chair for seven years. He had gone through his anger, depression, drug and alcohol abuse. He had gone through everything, now he was up, he was happy, he was filled with his dream.;Gregory Hines;anger
I realised one day that men are emotional cripples. We can't express ourselves emotionally, we can only do it with anger and humour. Emotional stability and expression comes from women.;Bob Hoskins;anger
My hope is that out of all the anger and seeming hostility that we hear in some of today's music will come some sort of coalition that will become politically involved.;Roberta Flack;anger
I'm not angry, I'm not an angry person, but I do sometimes like playing with the perception of anger, as in pretending that I'm more angry than I actually am, and sometimes it works quite well.;Calvin Harris;anger
With Stacy, it was interesting because you know he was within all this chaos, all these different lives that were so broken and so much anger and so much frustration and their skating came out of that, their different styles came out of that.;John Robinson;anger
I use the music to vent, and a lot of the stuff that I am writing about or was writing about contained a lot of anger and anxiety, stress and depression, so that's how the album came out so dark.;Vanilla Ice;anger
I don't think I could play a character that I couldn't relate to somehow. I'm not unfamiliar with frustration, anger, shame, helplessness and a load of other emotions that make up our psycho-soup. I try to focus on that frustration, that sense of unfairness, and multiply it.;Terry O'Quinn;anger
