A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice.;Bill Cosby;funny
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.;Jim Carrey;funny
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.;Elbert Hubbard;funny
I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day.;Frank Sinatra;funny
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity.;Albert Einstein;funny
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.;Steve Martin;funny
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.;Mark Twain;funny
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy.;Benjamin Franklin;funny
A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul.;George Bernard Shaw;funny
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it.;Buddy Hackett;funny
Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please.;Mark Twain;funny
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.;Mae West;funny
My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty. She's ninety-seven now, and we don't know where the hell she is.;Ellen DeGeneres;funny
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.;Isaac Asimov;funny
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them.;Mitch Hedberg;funny
I have six locks on my door all in a row. When I go out, I lock every other one. I figure no matter how long somebody stands there picking the locks, they are always locking three.;Elayne Boosler;funny
Housework can't kill you, but why take a chance?;Phyllis Diller;funny
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.;Albert Einstein;funny
Any girl can be glamorous. All you have to do is stand still and look stupid.;Hedy Lamarr;funny
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.;Lily Tomlin;funny
A lot of people are afraid of heights. Not me, I'm afraid of widths.;Steven Wright;funny
A two-year-old is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it.;Jerry Seinfeld;funny
Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry.;Bill Cosby;funny
Weather forecast for tonight: dark.;George Carlin;funny
A woman's mind is cleaner than a man's: She changes it more often.;Oliver Herford;funny
I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people.;Rodney Dangerfield;funny
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height.;Casey Stengel;funny
Recession is when a neighbor loses his job. Depression is when you lose yours.;Ronald Reagan;funny
I cook with wine, sometimes I even add it to the food.;W. C. Fields;funny
I'm an idealist. I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way.;Carl Sandburg;funny
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.;Margaret Mead;funny
All generalizations are false, including this one.;Mark Twain;funny
The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby.;Natalie Wood;funny
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.;Fred Allen;funny
It takes considerable knowledge just to realize the extent of your own ignorance.;Thomas Sowell;funny
Everybody knows how to raise children, except the people who have them.;P. J. O'Rourke;funny
My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me.;Winston Churchill;funny
By all means let's be open-minded, but not so open-minded that our brains drop out.;Richard Dawkins;funny
A friend doesn't go on a diet because you are fat.;Erma Bombeck;funny
Do not worry about avoiding temptation. As you grow older it will avoid you.;Joey Adams;funny
A stockbroker urged me to buy a stock that would triple its value every year. I told him, 'At my age, I don't even buy green bananas.';Claude Pepper;funny
Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck.;George Carlin;funny
I used to be Snow White, but I drifted.;Mae West;funny
You can lead a man to Congress, but you can't make him think.;Milton Berle;funny
I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.;Douglas Adams;funny
A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.;Groucho Marx;funny
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore.;Yogi Berra;funny
I am not a member of any organized political party. I am a Democrat.;Will Rogers;funny
I am not afraid of death, I just don't want to be there when it happens.;Woody Allen;funny
By trying we can easily endure adversity. Another man's, I mean.;Mark Twain;funny
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.;George Burns;funny
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member.;Groucho Marx;funny
Any kid will run any errand for you, if you ask at bedtime.;Red Skelton;funny
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot.;Groucho Marx;funny
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.;Steven Wright;funny
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.;Laurence J. Peter;funny
A waffle is like a pancake with a syrup trap.;Mitch Hedberg;funny
Before I refuse to take your questions, I have an opening statement.;Ronald Reagan;funny
If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.;Henny Youngman;funny
Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for.;Will Rogers;funny
There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments.;Chris Rock;funny
I haven't spoken to my wife in years. I didn't want to interrupt her.;Rodney Dangerfield;funny
A man doesn't know what he knows until he knows what he doesn't know.;Laurence J. Peter;funny
Life is hard. After all, it kills you.;Katharine Hepburn;funny
All people are born alike - except Republicans and Democrats.;Groucho Marx;funny
Electricity is really just organized lightning.;George Carlin;funny
One picture is worth 1,000 denials.;Ronald Reagan;funny
I saw a woman wearing a sweatshirt with Guess on it. I said, Thyroid problem?;Arnold Schwarzenegger;funny
I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio.;Joan Rivers;funny
I'm sorry, if you were right, I'd agree with you.;Robin Williams;funny
A pessimist is a person who has had to listen to too many optimists.;Don Marquis;funny
A committee is a group that keeps minutes and loses hours.;Milton Berle;funny
My definition of an intellectual is someone who can listen to the William Tell Overture without thinking of the Lone Ranger.;Billy Connolly;funny
I distrust camels, and anyone else who can go a week without a drink.;Joe E. Lewis;funny
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic, and so am I.;Oscar Levant;funny
Older people shouldn't eat health food, they need all the preservatives they can get.;Robert Orben;funny
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.;Don Marquis;funny
There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full.;Henry A. Kissinger;funny
Guilt: the gift that keeps on giving.;Erma Bombeck;funny
Never have more children than you have car windows.;Erma Bombeck;funny
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong.;Bertrand Russell;funny
Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves?;Robin Williams;funny
Money won't buy happiness, but it will pay the salaries of a large research staff to study the problem.;Bill Vaughan;funny
I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done.;Steven Wright;funny
A vegetarian is a person who won't eat anything that can have children.;David Brenner;funny
I never said most of the things I said.;Yogi Berra;funny
I never drink water because of the disgusting things that fish do in it.;W. C. Fields;funny
Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap-on-a-rope.;Bill Cosby;funny
I buy expensive suits. They just look cheap on me.;Warren Buffett;funny
I drank some boiling water because I wanted to whistle.;Mitch Hedberg;funny
What's another word for Thesaurus?;Steven Wright;funny
In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first.;George Carlin;funny
How many people here have telekenetic powers? Raise my hand.;Emo Philips;funny
Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you fall into an open sewer and die.;Mel Brooks;funny
I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known.;Walt Disney;funny
I did not have three thousand pairs of shoes, I had one thousand and sixty.;Imelda Marcos;funny
Best way to get rid of kitchen odors: Eat out.;Phyllis Diller;funny
I have a new philosophy. I'm only going to dread one day at a time.;Charles M. Schulz;funny
There are lots of people who mistake their imagination for their memory.;Josh Billings;funny
