It doesn't work if the bad guys kill his mother's uncle's friend's neighbor's pet dog. You've got to make the stakes high.;Steven Seagal;pet
Environmentalists hate sprawl - except when it comes to the size of their expansive pet legislation on Capitol Hill.;Michelle Malkin;pet
I have a lot of plants and fish and a pet lizard and Venus flytraps. I have a whole ecosystem in my room, like a running waterfall and different lights and sensors set on digital timers.;Chris Pratt;pet
I have a pet lizard named Puff, five goldfish - named Pinky, Brain, Jowels, Pearl and Sandy, an oscar fish named Chef, two pacus, an albino African frog named Whitey, a bonsai tree, four Venus flytraps, a fruit fly farm and sea monkeys.;Chris Pratt;pet
Truth be told, ginormous portions have become a pet peeve of mine.;Hal Sparks;pet
I brought a Border Collie back home to Vancouver from Wales - where some of my ancestors are from - and needed to challenge him in other ways than just being my pet. So I investigated sheep herding and took a few lessons, and decided I was probably learning more than my dog!;Jane Siberry;pet
Packing is my pet hate.;Seal;pet
I'd say the best is when I was in Africa, I saw a hippo in a house. Someone had a pet hippo. And they're meant to be one of the most dangerous animals on the planet, and they had one that was sort of just wandering in and out of their house, just sort of roaming about.;Karl Pilkington;pet
I'm not about to go out and buy a snake for a pet. I mean, I may have faced a few fears but I'm not insane.;Kristin Davis;pet
I have the same pet peeve as Anderson Cooper, which is bare feet in public. I hate it. It so grosses me out, especially in New York. Oh my God, New York in the summer with people and their feet in their sandals and their flip-flops, like get it away!;Busy Philipps;pet
I try not to wear anything I have to fidget with - there's nothing worse than wearing something and pulling down the hem and re-adjusting the top. My pet hate is when girls wear those strapless dresses and spend the whole night yanking them up.;Sophie Ellis-Bextor;pet
My idea of a perfect pet is a really, really big dog! Huge!;Emily VanCamp;pet
I've been lucky. I've made films that I really like. It's been a combination of what comes to me and what I choose. I've gone after lots of things that I didn't get, pet projects that everybody ends up chasing after. Really, you're lucky if you get anything.;Hope Davis;pet
If you have a deep-seated need to be loved and admired every day, you shouldn't be in politics. You should go work at a pet store.;Michael Nutter;pet
Pet lovers know that animals sometimes understand us better than we do, and the annals of human sin and desire provide plenty of stories to drive the point home.;Tony Snow;pet
My parents were very permissive when it came to animals. As long as we earned the money to buy them and built whatever structure it was they were going to live in, we could have any kind of pet we wanted. They would have let us have a rhinoceros if we could have afforded it.;Maggie Stiefvater;pet
There are people all over the world who like to write fan letters in the voice of their pet: 'Hello, my name is Fifi and I'm a labrador and I think you're great. Paw paw!';Rebecca Hall;pet
To me, a cat is an easy pet, they don't need any spoiling or looking after.;Karl Pilkington;pet
I've teamed up with PetSmart Charities to celebrate the five million homeless pets who've found homes through their in-store adoption centers, and to spread the word about how we can work together to save millions more pets' lives and, ultimately, end pet homelessness.;Josh Duhamel;pet
It is one of my pet hates when I see players who have agents who do everything for them. They don't know how to set up their own bank accounts, they don't know what they are spending their money on and they can't make their own decisions.;Gary Neville;pet
The government needs to help those in need, but members of Congress shouldn't take advantage of the situation and use a national tragedy as an opportunity to spend taxpayer dollars on their pet projects.;Chris Chocola;pet
I had a big Akita, Yoshi, who was fabulous. I loved him. We lost him when he was 12, and I've never been able to replace him. Normally, most people lose a pet and get another and keep going on. But it just felt wrong to me it felt disloyal.;Robert Crais;pet
I could probably give you a list of a dozen pet peeves I have about my own physicality and why I couldn't get a second date.;Zachary Levi;pet
Our cat is kind dove shellfish, and thinks the world is hers, She finds a comfy spot and then we pet turtle sheep purrs.;Brian P. Cleary;pet
You can get too bogged down in technology and you can sort of forget what it is you were trying to do. And with the Pet Shop Boys it's primarily about the songs, it's about song writing.;Chris Lowe;pet
We all have our pet things that we like to get religious about.;Max Cannon;pet
I am an enthusiast, but not a crank in the sense that I have some pet theories as to the proper construction of a flying machine. I wish to avail myself of all that is already known and then, if possible, add my mite to help on the future worker who will attain final success.;Wilbur Wright;pet
We are telling veterans they must sacrifice to pay for the pet projects and contracts to campaign donors of powerful members of Congress.;Nick Lampson;pet
Those who wish to pet and baby wild animals 'love' them. But those who respect their natures and wish to let them live normal lives, love them more.;Edwin Way Teale;pet
There are things that I invented - the creaky geriatric robot that is always grumpy, for example, or the little wheelie guy, he's not in the Hasbro lore. But kids love that stuff - this little guy as a pet on a chain. They gravitate towards it.;Michael Bay;pet
I have some road rage inside of me. Traffic, especially in L.A., is a pet peeve of mine.;Katie Holmes;pet
I have a Lab, it's fun to hang out and hike with the dog, people come up to him, and pet him, it's fun.;George Eads;pet
I heard that Jesus had a pet dinosaur. Evolution must be a myth then.;John Bacon;pet
Gypsy was the name my brother gave a pet turtle he had. I always thought it was so peculiar.;Joel Hodgson;pet
Crabbed and obscure definitions are of no use beyond a narrow circle of students, of whom probably every one has a pet one of his own.;Frederick Pollock;pet
I was in New York and I walked into this pet store and came out with a dog.;Beverley Mitchell;pet
Pet me, touch me, love me, that's what I get when I perform. That's when I'm really getting what I want.;Connie Stevens;pet
I think there's something great and generic about goldfish. They're everybody's first pet.;Paul Rudd;pet
My biggest pet peeve are just girls who go to sports bars who have no intention on caring what teams are playing, like they're looking for just a night out. That drives me more crazy than anything else. Like, don't pretend to be a sports fan.;Jerry Ferrara;pet
It's true, you can never eat a pet you name. And anyway, it would be like a ventriloquist eating his dummy.;Alexander Theroux;pet
Pet stores just sell their animals.;Booboo Stewart;pet
I have this pet thing about how global communications are moving so fast now, throwing information at you, making everything available to you, and yet I feel it's leaving us more and more isolated.;Mike Rutherford;pet
To this day I don't ever remember seeing a pet inside Moscow, I never saw anyone carrying a dog, or leading a dog. Err I finally saw a, a pet some years later in Kiev, so I thought that life must have been, different.;Ralph Boston;pet
And I strongly believe people should rescue dogs, or, at the very least, listen to Bob Barker and have your pet spayed or neutered.;Justin Chambers;pet
One of my biggest pet peeves is that I just don't like it when characters do things that are funny to the writer, but you don't know why they're doing it and it doesn't make any sense.;Glenn Howerton;pet
I always pet a dog with my left hand because if he bit me I'd still have my right hand to paint with.;Juan Gris;pet
I was in three academic clubs, a huge book worm and the teacher's pet. I was kind of an easy target for bullies.;Nicole Anderson;pet
All bad poetry springs from genuine feeling.;Oscar Wilde;poetry
A poet can survive everything but a misprint.;Oscar Wilde;poetry
Poetry is not a turning loose of emotion, but an escape from emotion it is not the expression of personality, but an escape from personality. But, of course, only those who have personality and emotions know what it means to want to escape from these things.;T. S. Eliot;poetry
Poetry is when an emotion has found its thought and the thought has found words.;Robert Frost;poetry
A poem begins as a lump in the throat, a sense of wrong, a homesickness, a lovesickness.;Robert Frost;poetry
Poetry is a deal of joy and pain and wonder, with a dash of the dictionary.;Khalil Gibran;poetry
Poetry is what gets lost in translation.;Robert Frost;poetry
Poetry is the rhythmical creation of beauty in words.;Edgar Allan Poe;poetry
Genuine poetry can communicate before it is understood.;T. S. Eliot;poetry
Poetry is nearer to vital truth than history.;Plato;poetry
I was reading the dictionary. I thought it was a poem about everything.;Steven Wright;poetry
One merit of poetry few persons will deny: it says more and in fewer words than prose.;Voltaire;poetry
The poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;poetry
Painting is silent poetry, and poetry is painting that speaks.;Plutarch;poetry
Poetry is an echo, asking a shadow to dance.;Carl Sandburg;poetry
A poet is, before anything else, a person who is passionately in love with language.;W. H. Auden;poetry
A poet's work is to name the unnameable, to point at frauds, to take sides, start arguments, shape the world, and stop it going to sleep.;Salman Rushdie;poetry
To have great poets, there must be great audiences.;Walt Whitman;poetry
Poetry is all that is worth remembering in life.;William Hazlitt;poetry
Poetry is the opening and closing of a door, leaving those who look through to guess about what is seen during the moment.;Carl Sandburg;poetry
Poetry is the art of uniting pleasure with truth.;Samuel Johnson;poetry
A poem is true if it hangs together. Information points to something else. A poem points to nothing but itself.;E. M. Forster;poetry
To see clearly is poetry, prophecy and religion all in one.;John Ruskin;poetry
Poets are the unacknowledged legislators of the world.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;poetry
Poetry is just the evidence of life. If your life is burning well, poetry is just the ash.;Leonard Cohen;poetry
Always be a poet, even in prose.;Charles Baudelaire;poetry
No poems can please for long or live that are written by water drinkers.;Horace;poetry
A poem is never finished, only abandoned.;Paul Valery;poetry
Poetry is the synthesis of hyacinths and biscuits.;Carl Sandburg;poetry
Any healthy man can go without food for two days - but not without poetry.;Charles Baudelaire;poetry
Publishing a volume of verse is like dropping a rose petal down the Grand Canyon and waiting for the echo.;Don Marquis;poetry
Everything one invents is true, you may be perfectly sure of that. Poetry is as precise as geometry.;Gustave Flaubert;poetry
'Therefore' is a word the poet must not know.;Andre Gide;poetry
Poetry should... should strike the reader as a wording of his own highest thoughts, and appear almost a remembrance.;John Keats;poetry
Poetry is a mirror which makes beautiful that which is distorted.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;poetry
You will find poetry nowhere unless you bring some of it with you.;Joseph Joubert;poetry
The poet doesn't invent. He listens.;Jean Cocteau;poetry
A true poet does not bother to be poetical. Nor does a nursery gardener scent his roses.;Jean Cocteau;poetry
Poetry heals the wounds inflicted by reason.;Novalis;poetry
He who draws noble delights from sentiments of poetry is a true poet, though he has never written a line in all his life.;George Sand;poetry
There's no money in poetry, but then there's no poetry in money, either.;Robert Graves;poetry
God is the perfect poet.;Robert Browning;poetry
If Galileo had said in verse that the world moved, the inquisition might have let him alone.;Thomas Hardy;poetry
Children and lunatics cut the Gordian knot which the poet spends his life patiently trying to untie.;Jean Cocteau;poetry
There is poetry as soon as we realize that we possess nothing.;John Cage;poetry
If you cannot be a poet, be the poem.;David Carradine;poetry
A poet's autobiography is his poetry. Anything else is just a footnote.;Yevgeny Yevtushenko;poetry
Poetry is ordinary language raised to the Nth power. Poetry is boned with ideas, nerved and blooded with emotions, all held together by the delicate, tough skin of words.;Paul Engle;poetry
A poet looks at the world the way a man looks at a woman.;Wallace Stevens;poetry
The poet is a liar who always speaks the truth.;Jean Cocteau;poetry
No poem is easily grasped so why should any reader expect fast results?;John Barton;poetry
Poetry: the best words in the best order.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;poetry
