I look to longevity. I just consider myself an actress and getting good roles. If being a 'superstar' gets me good roles, then that's a positive thing. But my goal isn't just to be a superstar. It's to act for a long time.;Penelope Ann Miller;positive
College was especially sweet because of the positive, hopeful atmosphere of a college campus.;Jerry Kramer;positive
I'd like to feel that an advertiser gets something extra when they advertise with us - a certain humanity that comes from upbeat and positive human interest letters and success stories.;Casey Kasum;positive
To me success means effectiveness in the world, that I am able to carry my ideas and values into the world - that I am able to change it in positive ways.;Maxine Hong Kingston;positive
The real metric of success isn't the size of your bank account. It's the number of lives in whom you might be able to make a positive difference.;Naveen Jain;positive
In the case of Iraq, notwithstanding the violence there at the moment, the very fact that a hideous regime - responsible for genocide, for the use of chemical and biological weapons, aggression against two neighbors - has been removed in itself is a positive development.;Jose Ramos-Horta;positive
Television is much better crafted today then in the 70s. The content is less positive but I'm one of those that feel our entertainment reflects our world, it's not a driver - art imitates life.;Christopher Knight;positive
Positivity, that's one of the things I try to spread throughout my company and really anyone I come in contact with. Because as you know, life's too short. You got to keep it positive and keep it fun.;Jose Garces;positive
It gets kinda monotonous, but that's television. There are plus sides and down sides. The positive side is that you have steady work for nine months of the year for however many years your show is on TV,.;Alexis Bledel;positive
The Games are just a nice, positive way to build friendships, camaraderie and, of course, self-esteem. Plus, the Games are a great opportunity for people to participate in sports who normally wouldn't.;Greg Louganis;positive
It will be about which candidate, which of the two candidates remaining, is best suited to make a positive difference in the lives of North Carolina families, and I submit to each of you tonight that I am that candidate and Elizabeth Dole is not.;Erskine Bowles;positive
Well, I think the president is going to do well in terms of his influence for positive change here in the Congress, making sure that we don't overspend, making sure that we spend for only those programs that are justified.;Thad Cochran;positive
One positive command he gave us: You shall love and honor your emperor. In every congregation a prayer must be said for the czar's health, or the chief of police would close the synagogue.;Mary Antin;positive
Since God is the foundation of my life, anything that streams from that can only be positive.;Ving Rhames;positive
'Glee' is one of the very few mainstream outlets that is giving a voice to communities of people that don't necessarily have a loud voice, specifically the gay community. It gives a really positive and forward statement.;Jack Antonoff;positive
We have now under President Obama's leadership had 29 months in a row of private sector job growth. That stretch of positive private sector job growth hasn't happened since 2005. We still have a long way to go, but we are moving in the right direction.;Martin O'Malley;positive
The travel, the amazing work I have had the chance to do, the meetings with different people are all very inspiring and give me lots of positive energy.;Saskia de Brauw;positive
He is a very positive captain he is proactive as well as reactive. He is keen to read the game, to get in there, and he never stops thinking about the game, the situation, and trying to turn it to his advantage. He has been very good for the game.;David Gower;positive
In my books and in romance as a genre, there is a positive, uplifting feeling that leaves the reader with a sense of encouragement and hope for a brighter future - or a brighter present.;Debbie Macomber;positive
At the last Celebration I spoke before an auditorium full of people and I could just feel the affection and the positive feelings that they were exuding. It was actually moving. I remember thinking, 'I'm not worthy,' because 'Star Wars' is so much bigger than all of us.;Mark Hamill;positive
I appreciate the 'Surreal Life.' I had a really positive experience on that show, and with those people. I found some love in my heart for religion again, and had the support of a new family of friends. I wouldn't have had the pleasure of meeting those people, if we were not all placed in that fishbowl.;Vince Neil;positive
Sometimes negative news does come out, but it is often exaggerated and manipulated to spread scandal. Journalists sometimes risk becoming ill from coprophilia and thus fomenting coprophagia: which is a sin that taints all men and women, that is, the tendency to focus on the negative rather than the positive aspects.;Pope Francis I;positive
One of the really positive things about minority government is that there is the necessity to broker policy positions. What happens is you get a hybrid of what a single party might do. And I don't think that is a bad thing.;Kathleen Wynne;positive
Even though I'm retired for some years now I still have something positive to say to kids. And they still listen.;Stephen Baker;positive
If someone's going to talk about me, I'd want it to be positively. The way many write, you'd think only bad things were interesting. If we don't think positive, what's the use? It's a lot more fun, you know.;Dorothy Stratten;positive
In the long term, the United States could greatly benefit Islam by uniquely freeing the religion from government constraints and permitting it to evolve in a positive, modern direction. But that's the long term.;Daniel Pipes;positive
They've been fairly positive, as firm as they could be in regards to the derivatives operations in Montreal. We didn't sense that there was a hesitation about it. But things change.;Jean Charest;positive
You have a lot of ups and downs in coaching, especially, but I can't remember any bad times at this point. I mean, they're all good. A lot of tears when you lose, a lot of down times, but I can't remember any of them. They're all positive now. Even the bad times were good.;Don Nelson;positive
I just recently joined Twitter. It's very positive - I love all the accolades. If my ego is hurting, I can just open my Twitter account and see 'Oh, I love you! I love the show!' and it's great. I'm trying to find the balance between trying to be funny, being honest and just being a promoter as the guy on 'Royal Pains.';Mark Feuerstein;positive
Music is pretty much the lifestyle, not the music itself. The lifestyle really pulled me off the street. Made me want to do something organized and positive.;Brandon Thomas;positive
The only country where you see any positive movement within domestic consumption is Brazil, where you really do have a variety of coffees to make blends with.;Robert Nelson;positive
You wish to put a positive construction on your deeds and words.;Nigel Rees;positive
It's the writers' job to make it positive. It's my job to make it real.;Lee Pace;positive
The only positive finding which could be drawn from the first series, was the conclusion that the relationships obviously had a more complicated lay-out than had been thought, for the effects were so varied that no obedience to any law could be discovered.;Walter Rudolf Hess;positive
When the media defines something, you have to question: Is it the definition that you want applied to your culture? I'm trying to determine who's leaving the legacy, and if the legacy that is being left is a positive one.;Tim Reid;positive
I really believe that's one of the many reasons that God had put me right in the middle of the Backstreet Boys. There are so many stars today that don't realize the impact they have on young people. Being a superstar is great, as long as you can be a positive role model.;Brian Littrell;positive
I've received a lot of positive feedback from both the secular and Christian markets. People seem to be receiving it with open arms and hearts, and are interested in the stories I want to share about my relationship with God and my faith.;Brian Littrell;positive
No, I was never one of those positive people who believes he can have whatever he sets his sights on. I just kept working at it.;George Miller;positive
Washington State has a strong tradition of a positive relationship - positive working relationship between labor and management, whether in the private sector or the public sector. It needs to continue to be that way.;Rob McKenna;positive
My whole thing is just to put out positive messages in the music, give people something that can change their lives.;Kid Cudi;positive
The British system had requirements, including Latin. I'm not positive you ever had to know Greek, but there are certainly kinds of curricula where you had to know Greek too. I think in Britain there was the most mindless, repetitive sort of learning.;William Scott;positive
I take any opportunity I can to raise our country's flag really high and get some shining positive light on things over there.;Kirsty Coventry;positive
People have to remain positive and believe in those dreams. It's really important.;Kirsty Coventry;positive
Everyone at home is so supportive. People recognise me, say how proud they are of me. It's awesome to hear, it's amazing to know I can touch so many people in a positive way.;Kirsty Coventry;positive
His tenacity is unmatched in my opinion. Incredible how someone could have suffered that long and come back out of prison with such a good heart and positive things to say and do.;Maurice Ashley;positive
The pace of technological change in recent years has been both impressive and positive for consumers.;Mike Ferguson;positive
I try to keep it light and positive most of the time, whereas earlier on I didn't always do that.;Gordon Lightfoot;positive
When I've had hard times in my life, the one thing about being in TV is that it's positive. I withdrew to 'Cheers,' it was familiar in that it was family. It had a kind of realistic positiveness to it.;Bruno Heller;positive
No matter what you're going through, as long as you have some specific emotion, whether it's positive or negative, it is all stuff that you can use on stage.;Reeve Carney;positive
I kept my age quiet for a good few years. I didn't see it as a positive. I worked remotely, so I just didn't tell people.;Pete Cashmore;positive
There are so many little girls who follow me and look up to me. I'm their role model, so I have to make sure I'm always being professional and not putting any swear words out there - just really putting positive things out there on the Internet.;Jordyn Wieber;positive
I did this role in Life Goes On as an HIV positive character and so emotionally that was the most challenging.;Chad Lowe;positive
The overall view of the human genome project has been one of great excitement and positive press, but there are people who have concerns that are quite reasonable, and they are frightened of things they don't understand.;Thomas R. Cech;positive
From reading over the notes for each session it was apparent that there had been improvement by more or less regular steps from almost complete terror at sight of the rabbit to a completely positive response with no signs of disturbance.;Mary C. Jones;positive
I have a huge breakfast every morning because I never know if I'll have time for lunch, especially during Fashion Week. It keeps my mood positive all day. And my parents taught me to have tons of fruit and vegetables, which I think helps my skin.;Constance Jablonski;positive
The places I visit in any given week are my home, so when I'm somewhere that feels good to me, it's a real game changer. If a place causes me to have a strong reaction, be it positive or negative, it'll often find its way into my music.;Ron Pope;positive
I try to give positive energy in all my shows.;Curtis Jones;positive
The power of women in the politics is a soft power. It is a positive change that our country and other countries in the region... are making by giving a chance to women.;Atifete Jahjaga;positive
I am able to really enjoy the positive attention I receive.;Doutzen Kroes;positive
Banks should contribute to the real economy, make a positive contribution to economic growth.;Jeroen Dijsselbloem;positive
When a person tests positive for HIV, it is not a test for the virus itself but for antibodies to the virus, and the test is not able to distinguish between HIV antibodies and a multitude of other antibodies. Many conditions can lead to a false positive result, including flu shots, hepatitis, and pregnancy.;Nate Mendel;positive
The past 6 and a half years have been the most amazing years of my life. It's sad it has come to an end but Avril and I are still family and moving forward in the most positive way possible.;Deryck Whibley;positive
Women tell me they are different since 21 May - the day I was arrested - it's a positive change, they believe now.;Manal al-Sharif;positive
When you're growing up, it's always nice to have someone you can relate and look up to. I'm proud of how I conduct my business and how I have accomplished all that I have accomplished, and hope that I can be a positive influence on not only the Mexican community but also young boxers and people all around the world.;Victor Ortiz;positive
Only fools are positive.;Moe Howard;positive
A buoyant, positive approach to the game is as basic as a sound swing.;Tony Lema;positive
The deaf community is hungry to see itself in the most positive way.;Lupe Ontiveros;positive
Measurements of the specific ionization of both the positive and negative particles, by counting the number of droplets per unit length along the tracks, showed the great majority of both the positive and negative particles to possess unit electric charge.;Carl D. Anderson;positive
Women were freed from positive duties when they could not perform them, but not when they could.;Henrietta Szold;positive
The influence of blogging is overall a very positive force in the media.;Garrett Graff;positive
I try to make the good days great and take something positive from the days I'm not feeling good - work on technique or something like that.;Katie Ledecky;positive
What none of the critics, positive or negative, grasped was that 'The Searchers' was a different kind of Western, something much darker and more disturbing than the usual fare.;Glenn Frankel;positive
I try to avoid saying anything positive about any presidential candidate for fear that if I actually like them then I will kill their campaign.;Jack Abramoff;positive
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.;Abraham Lincoln;power
Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't.;Margaret Thatcher;power
Knowledge will give you power, but character respect.;Bruce Lee;power
All things are subject to interpretation whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth.;Friedrich Nietzsche;power
Character is power.;Booker T. Washington;power
I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be.;Thomas Jefferson;power
Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn't have the power to say yes.;Eleanor Roosevelt;power
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.;Bruce Lee;power
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.;Robert A. Heinlein;power
What it lies in our power to do, it lies in our power not to do.;Aristotle;power
All the forces in the world are not so powerful as an idea whose time has come.;Victor Hugo;power
Every man builds his world in his own image. He has the power to choose, but no power to escape the necessity of choice.;Ayn Rand;power
The world itself is the will to power - and nothing else! And you yourself are the will to power - and nothing else!;Friedrich Nietzsche;power
Knowledge is power.;Francis Bacon;power
You only have power over people so long as you don't take everything away from them. But when you've robbed a man of everything, he's no longer in your power - he's free again.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;power
To achieve, you need thought. You have to know what you are doing and that's real power.;Ayn Rand;power
No one is in control of your happiness but you therefore, you have the power to change anything about yourself or your life that you want to change.;Barbara de Angelis;power
Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never will.;Frederick Douglass;power
Power is the great aphrodisiac.;Henry A. Kissinger;power
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.;Alice Walker;power
Circumstances are beyond human control, but our conduct is in our own power.;Benjamin Disraeli;power
Man's greatness lies in his power of thought.;Blaise Pascal;power
A man's true state of power and riches is to be in himself.;Henry Ward Beecher;power
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.;Epictetus;power
Will power is to the mind like a strong blind man who carries on his shoulders a lame man who can see.;Arthur Schopenhauer;power
There is no meaning to life except the meaning man gives his life by the unfolding of his powers.;Erich Fromm;power
