As technology advances, it reverses the characteristics of every situation again and again. The age of automation is going to be the age of 'do it yourself.';Marshall McLuhan;technology
It's a fact that more people watch television and get their information that way than read books. I find new technology and new ways of communication very exciting and would like to do more in this field.;Stephen Covey;technology
The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art.;John Lasseter;technology
I love technology.;William Shatner;technology
Despite all our gains in technology, product innovation and world markets, most people are not thriving in the organizations they work for.;Stephen Covey;technology
Ronald Reagan said that he sought a Star Wars defense only in order to share the technology with the tyrants of the U.S.S.R.;Christopher Hitchens;technology
You know, I thought we could use a good myth about technology to help guide us through these particular modern waters right now.;Jeff Bridges;technology
Science and technology revolutionize our lives, but memory, tradition and myth frame our response.;Arthur M. Schlesinger;technology
There's nothing wrong with technology. It's when technology is the story and not the artist, that's the problem.;Billy Corgan;technology
The spoken word was the first technology by which man was able to let go of his environment in order to grasp it in a new way.;Marshall McLuhan;technology
Technology is anything that wasn't around when you were born.;Alan Kay;technology
Technology is such a broad kind of term, it really applies to so many things, from the electric light to running cars on oil. All of these different things can be called technology. I have kind of a love-hate relationship with it, as I expect most people do. With the computer, I spend so many hours sitting in front of a computer.;Jeff Bridges;technology
You used to have to sing and convey emotion, and now, well, technically you can do anything with technology. It sucks for music today, but that's why that old music feels so good to me.;Christina Aguilera;technology
You can't really imagine music without technology.;Brian Eno;technology
Technology will definitely solve all our problems, but in the process it will create brand new ones. But that's O.K. because the most you can expect from life is to get to solve better and better problems.;Scott Adams;technology
Social media is not about the exploitation of technology but service to community.;Simon Mainwaring;technology
It is the framework which changes with each new technology and not just the picture within the frame.;Marshall McLuhan;technology
Normally, I love to go to the movies and when I see a character portrayed by different actors at different ages, it kind of pops a little bit for me. It brings me out of the movie experience. Now we have the technology to cure that.;Jeff Bridges;technology
It's hard to pay attention these days because of multiple affects of the information technology nowadays. You tend to develop a faster, speedier mind, but I don't think it's necessarily broader or smarter.;Robert Redford;technology
We have more media than ever and more technology in our lives. It's supposed to help us communicate, but it has the opposite effect of isolating us.;Tracy Chapman;technology
If that's there, I believe that technology will probably step up to their part of it.;Neil Armstrong;technology
I'm very good with technology, I always have been, and with machines in general. They seem not threatening like other people find them, but a source of fun and amusement.;Brian Eno;technology
I'm always interested in what you can do with technology that people haven't thought of doing yet.;Brian Eno;technology
You'd think that in this age, especially in the 21st century - especially with all the technology and all the discoveries that we've made - that we would figure out how to tackle abuse.;Tori Amos;technology
Not since the digital revolution in the early '90s has technology placed such a comprehensive burden on business, employees and individuals to reinvent their business plans, services and products, and themselves to keep pace with the changing marketplace.;Simon Mainwaring;technology
Saddam Hussein has been engaged in the development of weapons of mass destruction technology which is a threat to countries in the region and he has made a mockery of the weapons inspection process.;Nancy Pelosi;technology
I go and see anything that's visually new, any technology that's about picture-making. The technology won't make the pictures different, but someone using it will.;David Hockney;technology
Technology is teaching us to be human again.;Simon Mainwaring;technology
Like all technology, social media is neutral but is best put to work in the service of building a better world.;Simon Mainwaring;technology
Non-profits must become deeply engaged in the ways that their donor communities are using social technology.;Simon Mainwaring;technology
Find the human in the technology. The currency marketers trade in has not changed even if the methods have. Emotion is what we exchange.;Simon Mainwaring;technology
The creative destruction that social media is currently unleashing will change more than technology or the leader board of the Fortune 100. It is driving a qualitative shift in the nature of relationships between brands and their customers.;Simon Mainwaring;technology
Social technology gives leaders a vital new platform with which to connect their companies to the myriad stakeholders who have an interest in their well being.;Simon Mainwaring;technology
Refuse to accept the belief that your professional relevance, career success or financial security turns on the next update on the latest technology. Sometimes it's good to put the paddle down and just let the canoe glide.;Simon Mainwaring;technology
Let's hope brands recognize that the true power of this technology is not its reach but its ability to communicate substance that adds meaning to our lives. Otherwise, brands will be investing in technology that consumers simply won't buy.;Simon Mainwaring;technology
I don't believe that government is good at picking technology, particularly technology that is changing. By the time you get it done and go through democracy, it's so outdated.;Michael Bloomberg;technology
There are so many ways to heal. Arrogance may have a place in technology, but not in healing. I need to get out of my own way if I am to heal.;Anne Wilson Schaef;technology
Any new technology tends to go through a 25-year adoption cycle.;Marc Andreessen;technology
Film is a very young art that is still evolving. Soon, we shall reach a balance between content and technology.;Catherine Deneuve;technology
Sometimes I'm dazzled by how modern and fabulous we are, and how easy everything can be for us that's the gilded glow of technology, and I marvel at it all the time.;Susan Orlean;technology
We're getting so pulled in by computers and technology, and our kids have their face in the computers all day. The human relationship is being diminished by this.;Lenny Kravitz;technology
There are no morals about technology at all. Technology expands our ways of thinking about things, expands our ways of doing things. If we're bad people we use technology for bad purposes and if we're good people we use it for good purposes.;Herbert Simon;technology
I hate to mention age, but I come from an era when we weren't consumed by technology and television.;Jimmy Buffett;technology
If you wanna know how not secure you are, just take a look around. Nothing's secure. Nothing's safe. I don't hate technology, I don't hate hackers, because that's just what comes with it, without those hackers we wouldn't solve the problems we need to solve, especially security.;Fred Durst;technology
Mythology and science both extend the scope of human beings. Like science and technology, mythology, as we shall see, is not about opting out of this world, but about enabling us to live more intensely within it.;Karen Armstrong;technology
I consulted a Chinese herbalist and spent two weeks on an island off the coast of Zanzibar. I was away from any kind of contemporary technology.;Francesca Annis;technology
The basis of our partnership strategy and our partnership approach: We build the social technology. They provide the music.;Mark Zuckerberg;technology
There is a huge need and a huge opportunity to get everyone in the world connected, to give everyone a voice and to help transform society for the future. The scale of the technology and infrastructure that must be built is unprecedented, and we believe this is the most important problem we can focus on.;Mark Zuckerberg;technology
Cinema reflects culture and there is no harm in adapting technology, but not at the cost of losing your originality.;Jackie Chan;technology
Don't underestimate questions from the crowd technology has made voters more informed than ever.;Ron Fournier;technology
Many people see technology as the problem behind the so-called digital divide. Others see it as the solution. Technology is neither. It must operate in conjunction with business, economic, political and social system.;Carly Fiorina;technology
I managed Hewlett Packard through the worst technology downturn in 25 years, the dotcom bust.;Carly Fiorina;technology
You know, I believe that technology is the great leveler. Technology permits anybody to play. And in some ways, I think technology - it's not only a great tool for democratization, but it's a great tool for eliminating prejudice and advancing meritocracies.;Carly Fiorina;technology
You can find lots of people like you through technology, and women in particular like communities.;Carly Fiorina;technology
In today's knowledge-based economy, what you earn depends on what you learn. Jobs in the information technology sector, for example, pay 85 percent more than the private sector average.;William J. Clinton;technology
Today's stock market actually hates technology, as shown by all-time low price/earnings ratios for major public technology companies.;Marc Andreessen;technology
An awful lot of successful technology companies ended up being in a slightly different market than they started out in.;Marc Andreessen;technology
Technology is like water it wants to find its level. So if you hook up your computer to a billion other computers, it just makes sense that a tremendous share of the resources you want to use - not only text or media but processing power too - will be located remotely.;Marc Andreessen;technology
You are cruising along, and then technology changes. You have to adapt.;Marc Andreessen;technology
There is an enormous market demand for information. It just has to be fulfilled in a way that fits with the technology of our times.;Marc Andreessen;technology
I love what the Valley does. I love company building. I love startups. I love technology companies. I love new technology. I love this process of invention. Being able to participate in that as a founder and a product creator, or as an investor or a board member, I just find that hugely satisfying.;Marc Andreessen;technology
Quantum computation is... a distinctively new way of harnessing nature... It will be the first technology that allows useful tasks to be performed in collaboration between parallel universes.;David Deutsch;technology
I'm equally guilty of using technology - I Twitter, I text people, I chat. But I think there's something strangely insidious about it that it makes us think we're closer when in fact we're not seeing each other, we're not connecting.;Jason Reitman;technology
Roman civilization had achieved, within the bounds of its technology, relatively as great a mastery of time and space as we have achieved today.;Arthur Erickson;technology
The science of today is the technology of tomorrow.;Edward Teller;technology
There's no question that as science, knowledge and technology advance, that we will attempt to do more significant things. And there's no question that we will always have to temper those things with ethics.;Benjamin Carson;technology
I love technology, and I don't think it's something that should divide along gender lines.;Marissa Mayer;technology
What the world needs is a small, compact, flexible fusion technology that could make electricity where and when it is needed. The existing fusion program is leading to a huge source of centralized power, at a price that nobody except a government can afford.;Freeman Dyson;technology
The reason is that till date, in spite of advances in information technology and strategies of information, the written word in the form of books still remains one of humanity's most enduring legacies.;Ibrahim Babangida;technology
With the world's human population now at seven billion and growing, and the demand for technology and modern conveniences increasing, we can't control all our negative impacts. But we have to find better ways to live within the limits nature and its cycles impose.;David Suzuki;technology
I won't compare ants and people, but ants give us a useful model of how single members of a community can become so organized that they end up resembling, in effect, one big collective brain. Our own exploding population and communication technology are leading us that way.;Lewis Thomas;technology
Half of Google's revenue comes from selling text-based ads that are placed near search results and are related to the topic of the search. Another half of its revenues come from licensing its search technology to companies like Yahoo.;Eric Schmidt;technology
The world dominion of western thought, forms of organisation, technology and military force is not God-given, nor eternal, nor greatly appreciated by the rest of the world.;James Buchan;technology
We're in a new world. We're in a world in which the possibility of terrorism, married up with technology, could make us very, very sorry that we didn't act.;Condoleezza Rice;technology
The most important thing we can do is inspire young minds and to advance the kind of science, math and technology education that will help youngsters take us to the next phase of space travel.;John Glenn;technology
Some people think technology has the answers.;Kevin Mitnick;technology
I got so passionate about technology. Hacking to me was like a video game. It was about getting trophies. I just kept going on and on, despite all the trouble I was getting into, because I was hooked.;Kevin Mitnick;technology
I do know a lot about Scientology. And I know about the practices. I know all about what the technology is and all that kind of stuff. It's very helpful.;Jennifer Lopez;technology
If we can reduce the cost and improve the quality of medical technology through advances in nanotechnology, we can more widely address the medical conditions that are prevalent and reduce the level of human suffering.;Ralph Merkle;technology
Focus on your music and not technology.;Bryan Adams;technology
Technology is neutral: It convicts and finds innocents. We must make it a regularized part of the system, giving defendants access to DNA testing and evidence whenever it might be relevant.;Eliot Spitzer;technology
I wanted to make sure that this be the first scientific and technology revolution in history in which the public thoroughly discussed all the potential benefits and all the potential harms, in advance of the technology coming online and running its course.;Jeremy Rifkin;technology
Science and technology multiply around us. To an increasing extent they dictate the languages in which we speak and think. Either we use those languages, or we remain mute.;J. G. Ballard;technology
We need to make sure that there's art in the school. Why? Why should art be in the school? Because if art isn't in a school, then a guy like Steve Jobs doesn't get a chance to really express himself because in order for art to meet technology, you need art.;LL Cool J;technology
Technology feeds on itself. Technology makes more technology possible.;Alvin Toffler;technology
I don't hate technology, I don't hate hackers, because that's just what comes with it, without those hackers we wouldn't solve the problems we need to solve, especially security.;Fred Durst;technology
Technology gives us power, but it does not and cannot tell us how to use that power. Thanks to technology, we can instantly communicate across the world, but it still doesn't help us know what to say.;Jonathan Sacks;technology
Which European leader today would not relish the wonder-working powers of a Moses? Budget deficit? Unpopular cuts? How about just a little miracle, an overnight increase in gold reserves, a new oil field, or the next world-changing communications technology? Surely that's not too much to ask.;Jonathan Sacks;technology
I have a better internal and intuitive understanding of folklore and myth than science and technology, so in that way fantasy is easier.;Sarah Zettel;technology
Movie-making is telling a story with the best technology at your disposal.;Tom Hanks;technology
If Apple's a technology company in the music industry, why can't somebody in the music industry make technology?;will.i.am;technology
You know, I do music. If you look under the hood of the industry I'm in, it's all based on technology. From radio to phonographs to CDs, it's all technology. Microphones, reel-to-reels, cameras, editing, chips, it's all technology.;will.i.am;technology
As we develop and get quicker with technology in America, it's like we're downgrading if you look at the investment in education... that's the thing that worries me.;will.i.am;technology
We all rely on technology to communicate, to survive, to do our banking, to shop, to get informed, but none of us knows how to read and write the code.;will.i.am;technology
Disco is the first technology music. And what I mean is that 'disco' music is named after discs, because when technology grew to where they didn't need a band in the clubs, the DJ played it on a disc.;will.i.am;technology
The great thing that guys like Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and the Google guys have in common is they treat their technology like it's art, and I suppose in the hands of virtuosos like them, it is.;Harvey Weinstein;technology
Advances in the technology of telecommunications have proved an unambiguous threat to totalitarian regimes everywhere.;Rupert Murdoch;technology
I don't particularly enjoy watching films in 3D because I think that a well-shot and well-projected film has a very three-dimensional quality to it, so I'm somewhat sceptical of the technology.;Christopher Nolan;technology
The further you get into technology, the further you go into gaming. That's the general rule.;Nick Johnson;technology
