My dad taught me true words you have to use in every relationship. Yes, baby.;Star Jones;dad
I'm a fun father, but not a good father. The hard decisions always went to my wife.;John Lithgow;dad
Thirteen, 13 children, and I love - I love them all. And I think I've been a good father to all of them.;Anthony Quinn;dad
I was punished for blowing the whistle on my father's lifestyle.;Tatum O'Neal;dad
Fathers in today's modern families can be so many things.;Oliver Hudson;dad
My father invented a cure for which there was no disease and unfortunately my mother caught it and died of it.;Victor Borge;dad
So my father was a person who never lied to me. If I had a question, he answered it. I knew a lot of things at a young age because I was intrigued.;Nick Cannon;dad
My father was something of a rainbow-chaser.;Marc Davis;dad
My father was always telling himself no one was perfect, not even my mother.;Broderick Crawford;dad
The best money advice ever given me was from my father. When I was a little girl, he told me, 'Don't spend anything unless you have to.';Dinah Shore;dad
My father was an Episcopalian minister, and I've always been comforted by the power of prayer.;Anna Lee;dad
When I was a kid, I used to imagine animals running under my bed. I told my dad, and he solved the problem quickly. He cut the legs off the bed.;Lou Brock;dad
Being a father to my family and a husband is to me much more important than what I did in the business.;Tom Bosley;dad
My dad always said, 'Don't worry what people think, because you can't change it.';Daisy Donovan;dad
Rich men's sons are seldom rich men's fathers.;Herbert Kaufman;dad
When a father, absent during the day, returns home at six, his children receive only his temperament, not his teaching.;Robert Bly;dad
No man is responsible for his father. That was entirely his mother's affair.;Margaret Turnbull;dad
My brother Bob doesn't want to be in government - he promised Dad he'd go straight.;John F. Kennedy;dad
Dad, wherever you are, you are gone but you will never be forgotten.;Conrad Hall;dad
Dad almost died of a heart attack in the middle of making Apocalypse Now, the biggest movie of his life. It doesn't make you want to jump into that business.;Charlie Sheen;dad
Dad kept us out of school, but school comes and goes. Family is forever.;Charlie Sheen;dad
What is a normal childhood? We weren't rich, we were pretty middle-class. My dad survived from job to job with him taking care of so many relatives, he couldn't save any money.;Charlie Sheen;dad
Dad needs to show an incredible amount of respect and humor and friendship toward his mate so the kids understand their parents are sexy, they're fun, they do things together, they're best friends. Kids learn by example. If I respect Mom, they're going to respect Mom.;Tim Allen;dad
I like to think my dad was easygoing and kind, and I think some of those things have been passed down. I am like him in a sense of being positive and hopeful. He was compassionate, and I've got a lot of that in me as well.;Joel Osteen;dad
Mom and Dad were married 64 years. And if you wondered what their secret was, you could have asked the local florist - because every day Dad gave Mom a rose, which he put on her bedside table. That's how she found out what happened on the day my father died - she went looking for him because that morning, there was no rose.;Mitt Romney;dad
My mom and dad gave their kids the greatest gift of all - the gift of unconditional love. They cared deeply about who we would be, and much less about what we would do.;Mitt Romney;dad
My dad had a church of 90 people when I was born. It was just, over the years it continued to grow.;Joel Osteen;dad
I didn't try to copy my dad or fit into the pressure or the mold that everybody tried to make me fit into.;Joel Osteen;dad
I was built up from my dad more than anyone else.;John Wooden;dad
I'm not sure what the future holds but I do know that I'm going to be positive and not wake up feeling desperate. As my dad said 'Nic, it is what it is, it's not what it should have been, not what it could have been, it is what it is.';Nicole Kidman;dad
I've told Billy if I ever caught him cheating, I wouldn't kill him because I love his children and they need a dad. But I would beat him up. I know where all of his sports injuries are.;Angelina Jolie;dad
My dad had been born in Mexico and his family had to leave during the Mexican revolution.;Mitt Romney;dad
You know, my dad served in the President's Cabinet after his time as a governor. He told me he enjoyed being governor a lot more. Now, I understand why. If I do my job well, I can make a difference in people's lives and I can help our children realize their dreams.;Mitt Romney;dad
When my mom ran for the Senate, my dad was there for her every step of the way. I can still hear her saying in her beautiful voice, 'Why should women have any less say than men, about the great decisions facing our nation?';Mitt Romney;dad
Me and my dad are the biggest promoters of an estate tax in the US. It's not a popular position.;Bill Gates;dad
And my dad, you're a great actor but you're a better father.;Angelina Jolie;dad
I've got high standards when it comes to boys. As my dad says, all girls should! I'm from the South - Tennessee, to be exact - and down there, we're all about southern hospitality. I know that if I like a guy, he better be nice, and above all, my dad has to approve of him!;Miley Cyrus;dad
Don't forget Mother's Day. Or as they call it in Beverly Hills, Dad's Third Wife Day.;Jay Leno;dad
My father used to play with my brother and me in the yard. Mother would come out and say, 'You're tearing up the grass' 'We're not raising grass,' Dad would reply. 'We're raising boys.';Harmon Killebrew;dad
When I was about 12 years old back in Houston, my Dad used to take us to the driving range.;Ron White;dad
My dad said to me growing up: 'When all is said and done, if you can count all your true friends on one hand, you're a lucky man.';Josh Charles;dad
I think a dad has to make his daughter feel that he's genuinely interested in what she's going through.;Harry Connick, Jr.;dad
Apparently, one in five people in the world are Chinese. And there are five people in my family, so it must be one of them. It's either my mum or my dad. Or my older brother, Colin. Or my younger brother, Ho-Chan-Chu. But I think it's Colin.;Tim Vine;dad
Don't force your kids into sports. I never was. To this day, my dad has never asked me to go play golf. I ask him. It's the child's desire to play that matters, not the parent's desire to have the child play. Fun. Keep it fun.;Tiger Woods;dad
It was my 16th birthday - my mom and dad gave me my Goya classical guitar that day. I sat down, wrote this song, and I just knew that that was the only thing I could ever really do - write songs and sing them to people.;Stevie Nicks;dad
Anyone can be a father, but it takes someone special to be a dad, and that's why I call you dad, because you are so special to me. You taught me the game and you taught me how to play it right.;Wade Boggs;dad
My dad was like a stage mother he always pushed me to do what I wanted.;Jim Carrey;dad
One of the greatest titles in the world is parent, and one of the biggest blessings in the world is to have parents to call mom and dad.;Jim DeMint;dad
My dad encouraged us to fail. Growing up, he would ask us what we failed at that week. If we didn't have something, he would be disappointed. It changed my mindset at an early age that failure is not the outcome, failure is not trying. Don't be afraid to fail.;Sara Blakely;dad
My dad was my best friend and greatest role model. He was an amazing dad, coach, mentor, soldier, husband and friend.;Tiger Woods;dad
I never saw any of my dad's stories. My mother said he had piles and piles of manuscripts.;Stephen King;dad
My dad used to say, 'You wouldn't worry so much about what people thought about you if you knew how seldom they did.;Phil McGraw;dad
Dad taught me everything I know. Unfortunately, he didn't teach me everything he knows.;Al Unser;dad
All that really matters is I have two beautiful kids, and I'm trying to be the best dad I can possibly be, and that's the most important thing of all.;Tiger Woods;dad
I started out mopping floors, waiting tables, and tending bar at my dad's tavern. I put myself through school working odd jobs and night shifts. I poured my heart and soul into a small business. And when I saw how out-of-touch Washington had become with the core values of this great nation, I put my name forward and ran for office.;John Boehner;dad
I always wanted what Mom and Dad had.;Kim Kardashian;dad
My dad is still Christian Scientist. My mom's not, and I'm not. But I believe in God, and that there's a higher power and an intelligence that's bigger than us and that we can rely on. It's not just us, thinking we are the ones in control of everything. That idea gives me support.;Ellen DeGeneres;dad
Fortunately, as it pertains to guns, my dad and uncle introduced me to guns the way it needs to be done: smart, slow and safe.;Ted Nugent;dad
My dad raised me with some good advice: 'Always tell the truth. Always shoot from the hip. You might not have many friends, but you'll never have enemies, because people will always know where you're coming from.';Pink;dad
My dad is a motorcycle guy, not some Hollywood dude.;Shia LaBeouf;dad
I feel lazy when I'm not working. I learned all my business sense from my dad. He always believed in me, and I think the last thing he said to me before he passed away was, 'I know you're gonna be OK. I'm not worried about you'.;Kim Kardashian;dad
My dad loves what I do and I support my parents financially because they didn't have a job that gave them a pension.;Marilyn Manson;dad
My dad, bless him, was a musician. And his dad had thought that his music was rubbish.;Paul McCartney;dad
I'm a pretty hands-on dad and make the most of my custody. I take care of my little one whenever I can, and she determines what I can do and where I can do it.;Paul McCartney;dad
And my dad drilled it in my head, you know, 'If you want it bad enough, and you're willing to make the sacrifices, you can do it. But first you have to believe in yourself.;Jennie Finch;dad
But there's no substitute for a full-time dad. Dads who are fully engaged with their kids overwhelmingly tend to produce children who believe in themselves and live full lives.;Tony Dungy;dad
I think I've got my business notions and my sense for that sort of thing from my dad. My dad never had a chance to go to school. He couldn't read and write. But he was so smart. He was just one of those people that could just make the most of anything and everything that he had to work with.;Dolly Parton;dad
When I was younger, my family would go camping and fishing on our ranches. My dad loves being around all kinds of animals. He's the one who got me to be a really big animal lover.;Paris Hilton;dad
Where I come from, you don't really talk about how much you're earning. Those things are private. My dad never told my mum how much he was earning. I'm certainly not going to tell the world. I'm doing well.;Paul McCartney;dad
My dad was a particularly polite kind of guy, very courteous.;Paul McCartney;dad
Looking back, I think I was always musical. My dad was very musical, and I think my mom was musical.;Paul McCartney;dad
I'm very at ease, and I like it. I never thought I would be such a family-oriented guy I didn't think that was part of my makeup. But somebody said that as you get older you become the person you always should have been, and I feel that's happening to me. I'm rather surprised at who I am, because I'm actually like my dad!;David Bowie;dad
I get that same queasy, nervous, thrilling feeling every time I go to work. That's never worn off since I was 12 years-old with my dad's 8-millimeter movie camera.;Steven Spielberg;dad
My dad took me to my first movie.;Steven Spielberg;dad
And I saw the sax line-up that he had behind him and I thought, I'm going to learn the saxophone. When I grow up, I'm going to play in his band. So I sort of persuaded my dad to get me a kind of a plastic saxophone on the hire purchase plan.;David Bowie;dad
I love being a dad. I just love it.;Jerry Seinfeld;dad
My dad was the town drunk. Most of the time that's not so bad but New York City?;Henny Youngman;dad
I wanted to be a skinny little ballerina but I was a voluptuous little Italian girl whose dad had meatballs on the table every night.;Lady Gaga;dad
My dad became a soap opera actor, and I was an extra in a skating rink scene on the soap. I didn't audition. It was nepotism all the way.;Jennifer Aniston;dad
My dad was good with actions.;William Shatner;dad
My dad died of a stroke.;William Shatner;dad
There is nothing that would upset me more than my dad being bribed by the press. It's like, 'Just let them run it, then. Don't you give them ammunition.';Adele;dad
I have never been jealous. Not even when my dad finished fifth grade a year before I did.;Jeff Foxworthy;dad
I asked my daughter when she was 16, What's the buzz on the street with the kids? She's going, to be honest, Dad, most of my friends aren't into Kiss. But they've all been told that it's the greatest show on Earth.;Ace Frehley;dad
I'm a dad, I'm a husband, I'm an activist, I'm a writer and I'm just a student of the world.;Michael J. Fox;dad
My Dad, a small-town lawyer, was also named Paul. Until we lost him when I was 16, he was a gentle presence in my life. I like to think he'd be proud of me and my sister and brothers, because I'm sure proud of him and of where I come from, Janesville, Wisconsin.;Paul Ryan;dad
Mom was 50 when my Dad died. She got on a bus every weekday for years, and rode 40 miles each morning to Madison. She earned a new degree and learned new skills to start her small business. It wasn't just a new livelihood. It was a new life.;Paul Ryan;dad
My mother raised three children on her own and my dad was a doctor working 16 hours a day.;Christopher Meloni;dad
Studies show that children best flourish when one mom and one dad are there to raise them.;John Boehner;dad
As my dad said, you have an obligation to leave the world better than how you found it. And he also reminded us to be givers in this life, and not takers.;Phil Crane;dad
You see another side of Draco when he's with his dad. When Draco is with his dad, he doesn't say anything. He keeps his mouth shut. He's sort of bullied by his dad, so he acts very different.;Tom Felton;dad
I mean, I look at my dad. He was twenty when he started having a family, and he was always the coolest dad. He did everything for his kids, and he never made us feel like he was pressured. I know that it must be a great feeling to be a guy like that.;Adam Sandler;dad
I was in the bath at the time, and my dad came running in and said, 'Guess who they want to play Harry Potter!?' and I started to cry. It was probably the best moment of my life.;Daniel Radcliffe;dad
Working with my dad was such a gas. We approached the work in a similar way. We only made two films together when I was an adult, Tucker, and Blown Away, but it was so much fun to play with your parent like that.;Jeff Bridges;dad
For me, growing up, the downside of it was that as a kid you don't want to stand out. You don't want to have a famous father let alone get a job because of your famous father, you know? But I'm a product of nepotism. That's how I got my foot in the door, through my dad.;Jeff Bridges;dad
Great dad. Yeah, he would ask me for money on birthdays and, you know, inappropriate times. And I just wrote him off like, 'You're not a father.' I just learned you cannot emotionally invest in people who are not attainable.;Drew Barrymore;dad
Now I meditate twice a day for half an hour. In meditation, I can let go of everything. I'm not Hugh Jackman. I'm not a dad. I'm not a husband. I'm just dipping into that powerful source that creates everything. I take a little bath in it.;Hugh Jackman;dad
One afternoon when I was 9, my dad told me I'd be skipping school the next day. Then we drove 12 hours from Melbourne to Sydney for the Centenary Test, a once-in-a-lifetime commemorative cricket match. It was great fun - especially for a kid who was a massive sports fan.;Hugh Jackman;dad
I don't know, I just want to be happy. I could be in a hole somewhere. Or I could completely lose it and be some hippy living in the woods with my dad.;Shia LaBeouf;dad
