It's easy to dislike the few senior women out there. What if women were half the positions in power? It would be harder to dislike all of them.;Sheryl Sandberg;power
Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty power is ever stealing from the many to the few.;Wendell Phillips;power
I think that if your approach is one where you don't want to alienate anybody, you're going to have to soften the viewpoint or the information that you're offering to such an extent that it doesn't have the power to make any difference. You have to take that risk.;Eddie Vedder;power
The sword is the axis of the world and its power is absolute.;Charles de Gaulle;power
I'm not in power, but my ideas are in power. And my ideas will prevail.;Ehud Olmert;power
I'm appalled the word feminism has been denigrated to a place of almost ridicule and I very passionately believe the word needs to be revalued and reintroduced with power and understanding that this is a global picture.;Annie Lennox;power
These years in silence and reflection made me stronger and reminded me that acceptance has to come from within and that this kind of truth gives me the power to conquer emotions I didn't even know existed.;Ricky Martin;power
To have what we want is riches but to be able to do without is power.;George MacDonald;power
Whether it comes from a despotic sovereign or an elected president, from a murderous general or a beloved leader, I see power as an inhuman and hateful phenomenon.;Oriana Fallaci;power
To enlarge or illustrate this power and effect of love is to set a candle in the sun.;Robert Burton;power
We believe in a flexible union of free member states who share treaties and institutions and pursue together the ideal of co-operation, to represent and promote the values of European civilisation in the world, advance our shared interests by using our collective power to open markets, and to build a strong economic base across the whole of Europe.;David Cameron;power
The '60s was one of the first times the power of music was used by a generation to bind them together.;Neil Young;power
I never told a victim story about my imprisonment. Instead, I told a transformation story - about how prison changed my outlook, about how I saw that communication, truth, and trust are at the heart of power.;Fernando Flores;power
Today's leading real-world retailer, Wal-Mart, uses software to power its logistics and distribution capabilities, which it has used to crush its competition.;Marc Andreessen;power
The dangers of a concentration of all power in the general government of a confederacy so vast as ours are too obvious to be disregarded.;Franklin Pierce;power
They are patriotic in time of war because it is to their interest to be so, but in time of peace they follow power and the dollar wherever they may lead.;Henry A. Wallace;power
This House cannot function without an open, accountable, and independent ethics process and the molestation of that process by the majority is an abuse of power that cannot stand.;Louise Slaughter;power
Making recess appointments when the Senate isn't in recess is neither rational nor moderate. It's a raw misuse of executive power by a president whose love of government is his most vulnerable spot with the electorate.;John Podhoretz;power
The attack on ObamaCare was that Congress does not have the power under the Commerce Clause to force a private citizen into a private contractual relationship. If such a thing is permitted to stand, the anti-ObamaCare forces argue, there will be no limit to Congress's power in the future.;John Podhoretz;power
The classic rule of thumb is that if you are an intellectual ideological magazine, you do better in opposition than you do if your views are reflected by people in power.;John Podhoretz;power
You want a culture where citizens are free to express themselves and so live in the openness necessary to the functioning of a successful economy? Israel has a free press, much of it openly hostile to the parties in power.;John Podhoretz;power
I often get letters, quite frequently, from people who say how they like the programmes a lot, but I never give credit to the almighty power that created nature.;David Attenborough;power
The man who has sufficient power over himself to wait until his nature has recovered its even balance is the truly wise man, but such beings are seldom met with.;Giacomo Casanova;power
I think actors are getting so much more power these days, but I'm not. I stay very much away from the decisions, the way in which things are orchestrated, what's been changed. I just try to stay completely in the role as the actor and as the character.;Nicole Kidman;power
The United States is the only power in history that became great by giving and not by taking. I think the crisis was when the United States had more money than ideas. Money doesn't produce money. Ideas produce money.;Shimon Peres;power
Technology gives us power, but it does not and cannot tell us how to use that power. Thanks to technology, we can instantly communicate across the world, but it still doesn't help us know what to say.;Jonathan Sacks;power
My mother taught me that we all have the power to achieve our dreams. What I lacked was the courage.;Clay Aiken;power
With my new venture, Club Mom, we want to empower moms to feel their value and also build their collective power to make their lives better and easier. We want to bring them together as a community to share experiences and information.;Andrew Shue;power
I foresee the Chinese ruling the world. What are you going to do to stop it? No president of the United States will ever have enough power to stop the Chinese when they want to take over the world.;Evel Knievel;power
We give you the facts. I told you information is power - knowledge is power. We can't be in an ideological battle to redeem the soul of this country if we don't have the facts.;Tavis Smiley;power
Unless we do things in this country to slow down our population, slow down our birth control, provide better water for people, provide power for people, we're gonna find out that the next wars are not going to be fought over diamonds, gold and political things.;Evel Knievel;power
Parenting, as an unpaid occupation outside the world of public power, entails lower status, less power, and less control of resources than paid work.;Nancy Chodorow;power
Master of the universe but not of myself, I am the only rebel against my absolute power.;Pierre Corneille;power
Men should think twice before making widow hood woman's only path to power.;Gloria Steinem;power
Hurry, conscious younger people! Get to power quickly so political decisions can be based on the greater good for all rather than the greater gain for few. Hurry, before it is too late!;Jane Siberry;power
How shall I be able to rule over others, that have not full power and command of myself?;Francois Rabelais;power
Power without abuse loses its charm.;Paul Valery;power
Grammar is a piano I play by ear. All I know about grammar is its power.;Joan Didion;power
I absolutely believe in the power of tithing and giving back. My own experience about all the blessings I've had in my life is that the more I give away, the more that comes back. That is the way life works, and that is the way energy works.;Ken Blanchard;power
The power of choosing good and evil is within the reach of all.;Origen;power
Not the power to remember, but its very opposite, the power to forget, is a necessary condition for our existence.;Saint Basil;power
Lessons of wisdom have the most power over us when they capture the heart through the groundwork of a story, which engages the passions.;Laurence Sterne;power
Over the last half century the television interview has given us some of TV's most heart-stopping and memorable moments. On the surface it is a simple format - two people sitting across from one another having a conversation. But underneath it is often a power struggle - a battle for the psychological advantage.;David Frost;power
Given the daunting challenges that we face, it's important that president elect Obama is prepared to really take power and begin to rule day one.;Valerie Jarrett;power
The functions of these elders, therefore, determine the power of the people for a representative is one chosen by others to do in their name what they are entitled to do in their own persons or rather to exercise the powers which radically inhere in those for whom they act.;Charles Hodge;power
No science is immune to the infection of politics and the corruption of power.;Jacob Bronowski;power
Not drunk is he who from the floor - Can rise alone and still drink more But drunk is They, who prostrate lies, Without the power to drink or rise.;Thomas Love Peacock;power
The American polity is infected with a serious imbalance of power between elites and masses, a power which is the principal threat to our democracy.;Paul Wellstone;power
Black power can be clearly defined for those who do not attach the fears of white America to their questions about it.;Stokely Carmichael;power
If we define an American fascist as one who in case of conflict puts money and power ahead of human beings, then there are undoubtedly several million fascists in the United States.;Henry A. Wallace;power
Your real self - the 'I am I' - is master of this land, the ruler of this empire. You rightfully have power and dominion over it, all its inhabitants, and all contained in its realm.;Robert Collier;power
Our dreams are firsthand creations, rather than residues of waking life. We have the capacity for infinite creativity at least while dreaming, we partake of the power of the Spirit, the infinite Godhead that creates the cosmos.;Jackie Gleason;power
'Thank you power' is writing down the moments that are good in your life so that you can go back and reflect on them - so you've got this sort of repository of good stuff in your past.;Deborah Norville;power
Vision without power does bring moral elevation but cannot give a lasting culture.;Muhammad Iqbal;power
Never underestimate the power of the State to act out its own massive fantasies.;Don DeLillo;power
The message that I gave on the - on the steps today was that you need to stand for those things that are right and empower the individual. Believe in the power of one person. Don't believe that you can't do it. Everybody wants - everybody wants a shot. That we can all agree on. Beyond that, it becomes politics. I'm not talking politics.;Glenn Beck;power
Business is in itself a power.;Garet Garrett;power
O! what a Godlike Power is that of doing Good! I envy the Rich and the Great for nothing else!;Samuel Richardson;power
Unlimited power is apt to corrupt the minds of those who posses it and this I know, my lords: that where law ends, tyranny begins.;William Pitt;power
In Psalm 72, Solomon prays for power and fame but he says the purpose of influence is to speak up for others and one is the immigrant. He doesn't delineate between legal and illegal.;Rick Warren;power
Give fools their gold, and knaves their power let fortune's bubbles rise and fall who sows a field, or trains a flower, or plants a tree, is more than all.;John Greenleaf Whittier;power
There is a glaring reason that the necessary total ban on nontherapeutic use of antibiotics hasn't happened: The factory farm industry, allied with the pharmaceutical industry, has more power than public-health professionals.;Jonathan Safran Foer;power
Censorship is saying: 'I'm the one who says the last sentence. Whatever you say, the conclusion is mine.' But the internet is like a tree that is growing. The people will always have the last word - even if someone has a very weak, quiet voice. Such power will collapse because of a whisper.;Ai Weiwei;power
Perhaps as good a classification as any of the main types is that of the three lusts distinguished by traditional Christianity - the lust of knowledge, the lust of sensation, and the lust of power.;Irving Babbitt;power
When you live under the power of terror and segregation, you can't ever start a work of art.;Jeanne Moreau;power
Most critical writing is drivel and half of it is dishonest. It is a short cut to oblivion, anyway. Thinking in terms of ideas destroys the power to think in terms of emotions and sensations.;Raymond Chandler;power
Many have said of Alchemy, that it is for the making of gold and silver. For me such is not the aim, but to consider only what virtue and power may lie in medicines.;Paracelsus;power
Although our inattention can contribute to our lack of total well-being, we also have the power to choose positive behaviors and responses. In that choice we change our every experience of life!;Greg Anderson;power
I mean, being a child was being a child, was being a creature without power, without pocket money, without escape routes of any kind. So I didn't want to be a child.;Maurice Sendak;power
I have now taken a serious task upon myself and I fear a greater one that is in the power of any man to perform in the given time-but it is too late to go back.;Eli Whitney;power
I don't feel particularly comfortable about actors using whatever power they may have to push their beliefs, unless they're extremely well informed.;Ralph Fiennes;power
Because primarily of the power of the Internet, people of modest means can band together and amass vast sums of money that can change the world for some public good if they all agree.;William J. Clinton;power
No horse gets anywhere until he is harnessed. No stream or gas drives anything until it is confined. No Niagara is ever turned into light and power until it is tunneled. No life ever grows great until it is focused, dedicated, disciplined.;Harry Emerson Fosdick;power
There is no man more dangerous, in a position of power, than he who refuses to accept as a working truth the idea that all a man does should make for rightness and soundness, that even the fixing of a tariff rate must be moral.;Ida Tarbell;power
It's a life's journey of finding ourselves, finding our power, and living for yourself, not for everyone else.;Mariska Hargitay;power
In the next 10 years, I expect at least five billion people worldwide to own smartphones, giving every individual with such a phone instant access to the full power of the Internet, every moment of every day.;Marc Andreessen;power
Technology is like water it wants to find its level. So if you hook up your computer to a billion other computers, it just makes sense that a tremendous share of the resources you want to use - not only text or media but processing power too - will be located remotely.;Marc Andreessen;power
The disruptive powers of excessive national fecundity may have played a greater part in bursting the bonds of convention than either the power of ideas or the errors of autocracy.;John Maynard Keynes;power
There is this power that comes with being famous.;Rod Stewart;power
But the power of instruction is seldom of much efficacy, except in those happy dispositions where it is almost superfluous.;Edward Gibbon;power
The power to wage war is the power to wage war successfully.;Charles Evans Hughes;power
The principles of a free constitution are irrecoverably lost, when the legislative power is nominated by the executive.;Edward Gibbon;power
Something I learned very early on in my career is that there are a lot of things that you do not have any power over.;Charlize Theron;power
Any form of art is a form of power it has impact, it can affect change - it can not only move us, it makes us move.;Ossie Davis;power
Two thousand years ago, we lived in a world of Gods and Goddesses. Today, we live in a world solely of Gods. Women in most cultures have been stripped of their spiritual power.;Dan Brown;power
Now, we occupy a lowly position, both in space and rank in comparison with the heavenly sphere, and the Almighty is Most High not in space, but with respect to absolute existence, greatness and power.;Maimonides;power
This nuclear option is ultimately an example of the arrogance of power.;Joe Biden;power
The White House isn't the place to learn how to deal with international crisis, the balance of power, war and peace, and the economic future of the next generation.;Joe Biden;power
I don't know what I would have done without believing in God. His support gives me power and energy to continue to be optimistic, to smile, not to be depressed. Sometimes, if things are not going so well, I don't cry. I say maybe it's meant to be.;Ofra Haza;power
Whatever else it was, Adolf Hitler's short-lived regime was also a colossal industrial process by which the wealth and productive power of much of Europe was wrenched from its normal purposes and converted into a machine for killing.;James Buchan;power
Women have a lot of power in private life. There are many men who would say, 'Hey, women already rule my life.' But with women, more is more. The more there are, the more the world gets used to seeing them. We change the culture. We begin to expand options and lead and manage.;Dee Dee Myers;power
Almost all first ladies have had tremendous power on personnel issues, whether the public realized it or not, whether it was Barbara Bush or Nancy Reagan or whoever.;Dee Dee Myers;power
That someone like Obama could be elected president of the United States - with its unrivaled power and prestige - has begun to restore the country's and the world's faith in America as the land of opportunity.;Dee Dee Myers;power
I am concerned about how to reverse the process by which a fundamentalist right and a corporate elite were able to seize power in the United States.;Todd Gitlin;power
Truth makes many appeals, not the least of which is its power to shock.;Jules Renard;power
Kids now are so used to surround sound and the power in theater speakers, that the concert hall is a disappointment to them.;David Ogden Stiers;power
I have been, and will go on, fighting that damnable, dirty, rotten business with all the power at my command.;Billy Sunday;power
I would not send a poor girl into the world, ignorant of the snares that beset her path nor would I watch and guard her, till, deprived of self-respect and self-reliance, she lost the power or the will to watch and guard herself .;Anne Bronte;power
It is from weakness that people reach for dictators and concentrated government power. Only the strong can be free. And only the productive can be strong.;Wendell Willkie;power
