I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death.;Leonardo da Vinci;death
People fear death even more than pain. It's strange that they fear death. Life hurts a lot more than death. At the point of death, the pain is over. Yeah, I guess it is a friend.;Jim Morrison;death
If physical death is the price that I must pay to free my white brothers and sisters from a permanent death of the spirit, then nothing can be more redemptive.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;death
Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death.;Albert Einstein;death
Without health life is not life it is only a state of langour and suffering - an image of death.;Buddha;death
The reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated.;Mark Twain;death
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely.;Buddha;death
Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway.;John Wayne;death
Cowards die many times before their deaths the valiant never taste of death but once.;William Shakespeare;death
Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything - all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure - these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important.;Steve Jobs;death
Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain.;Mark Twain;death
I am not afraid of death, I just don't want to be there when it happens.;Woody Allen;death
If you die you're completely happy and your soul somewhere lives on. I'm not afraid of dying. Total peace after death, becoming someone else is the best hope I've got.;Kurt Cobain;death
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.;Thomas Paine;death
There's no tragedy in life like the death of a child. Things never get back to the way they were.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;death
You can change your world by changing your words... Remember, death and life are in the power of the tongue.;Joel Osteen;death
I'm completely in favor of the separation of Church and State. My idea is that these two institutions screw us up enough on their own, so both of them together is certain death.;George Carlin;death
I don't have no fear of death. My only fear is coming back reincarnated.;Tupac Shakur;death
There is no easy walk to freedom anywhere, and many of us will have to pass through the valley of the shadow of death again and again before we reach the mountaintop of our desires.;Nelson Mandela;death
Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws.;Jim Morrison;death
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it. This is a kind of death.;Anais Nin;death
Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish it's source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings.;Anais Nin;death
The only difference between death and taxes is that death doesn't get worse every time Congress meets.;Will Rogers;death
Death is a fearful thing.;William Shakespeare;death
The stroke of death is as a lover's pinch, which hurts and is desired.;William Shakespeare;death
Let us all be brave enough to die the death of a martyr, but let no one lust for martyrdom.;Mahatma Gandhi;death
Fear of death makes us devoid both of valour and religion. For want of valour is want of religious faith.;Mahatma Gandhi;death
Death and vulgarity are the only two facts in the nineteenth century that one cannot explain away.;Oscar Wilde;death
I were better to be eaten to death with a rust than to be scoured to nothing with perpetual motion.;William Shakespeare;death
One can survive everything, nowadays, except death, and live down everything except a good reputation.;Oscar Wilde;death
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.;Benjamin Franklin;death
The valiant never taste of death but once.;William Shakespeare;death
Biography lends to death a new terror.;Oscar Wilde;death
Death may be the greatest of all human blessings.;Socrates;death
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.;Robert Fulghum;death
Death comes to all, but great achievements build a monument which shall endure until the sun grows cold.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;death
For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one.;Khalil Gibran;death
I look upon death to be as necessary to our constitution as sleep. We shall rise refreshed in the morning.;Benjamin Franklin;death
We are dying from overthinking. We are slowly killing ourselves by thinking about everything. Think. Think. Think. You can never trust the human mind anyway. It's a death trap.;Anthony Hopkins;death
In spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart. I simply can't build up my hopes on a foundation consisting of confusion, misery and death.;Anne Frank;death
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?;Edgar Allan Poe;death
Is life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death!;Patrick Henry;death
Death and life have their determined appointments riches and honors depend upon heaven.;Confucius;death
An Atheist believes that a hospital should be built instead of a church. An atheist believes that deed must be done instead of prayer said. An atheist strives for involvement in life and not escape into death. He wants disease conquered, poverty vanished, war eliminated.;Madalyn Murray O'Hair;death
To run away from trouble is a form of cowardice and, while it is true that the suicide braves death, he does it not for some noble object but to escape some ill.;Aristotle;death
When your time comes to die, be not like those whose hearts are filled with fear of death, so that when their time comes they weep and pray for a little more time to live their lives over again in a different way. Sing your death song, and die like a hero going home.;Tecumseh;death
Life and death are one thread, the same line viewed from different sides.;Lao Tzu;death
If we don't know life, how can we know death?;Confucius;death
Do the thing we fear, and death of fear is certain.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;death
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.;Marcus Aurelius;death
If my survival caused another to perish, then death would be sweeter and more beloved.;Khalil Gibran;death
Death is a challenge. It tells us not to waste time... It tells us to tell each other right now that we love each other.;Leo Buscaglia;death
The appeal of cinema lies in the fear of death.;Jim Morrison;death
Each day is a little life: every waking and rising a little birth, every fresh morning a little youth, every going to rest and sleep a little death.;Arthur Schopenhauer;death
The 'kingdom of Heaven' is a condition of the heart - not something that comes 'upon the earth' or 'after death.';Friedrich Nietzsche;death
Whenever death may surprise us, let it be welcome if our battle cry has reached even one receptive ear and another hand reaches out to take up our arms.;Che Guevara;death
One death is a tragedy one million is a statistic.;Joseph Stalin;death
Let us beware of saying that death is the opposite of life. The living being is only a species of the dead, and a very rare species.;Friedrich Nietzsche;death
Ordinary people seem not to realize that those who really apply themselves in the right way to philosophy are directly and of their own accord preparing themselves for dying and death.;Socrates;death
Look, I don't want to wax philosophic, but I will say that if you're alive you've got to flap your arms and legs, you've got to jump around a lot, for life is the very opposite of death, and therefore you must at very least think noisy and colorfully, or you're not alive.;Mel Brooks;death
There is no lonelier man in death, except the suicide, than that man who has lived many years with a good wife and then outlived her. If two people love each other there can be no happy end to it.;Ernest Hemingway;death
People living deeply have no fear of death.;Anais Nin;death
I postpone death by living, by suffering, by error, by risking, by giving, by losing.;Anais Nin;death
Death is nothing, but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily.;Napoleon Bonaparte;death
Death is caused by swallowing small amounts of saliva over a long period of time.;George Carlin;death
The death of a beautiful woman, is unquestionably the most poetical topic in the world.;Edgar Allan Poe;death
Regard your soldiers as your children, and they will follow you into the deepest valleys look on them as your own beloved sons, and they will stand by you even unto death.;Sun Tzu;death
I have thought there was some advantage even in death, by which we mingle with the herd of common men.;Henry David Thoreau;death
At a formal dinner party, the person nearest death should always be seated closest to the bathroom.;George Carlin;death
No evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death.;Plato;death
Life levels all men. Death reveals the eminent.;George Bernard Shaw;death
If you believe in God, believe in Death Row East.;Tupac Shakur;death
Absence and death are the same - only that in death there is no suffering.;Theodore Roosevelt;death
For centuries the death penalty, often accompanied by barbarous refinements, has been trying to hold crime in check yet crime persists. Why? Because the instincts that are warring in man are not, as the law claims, constant forces in a state of equilibrium.;Albert Camus;death
It is better to risk starving to death then surrender. If you give up on your dreams, what's left?;Jim Carrey;death
Men are convinced of your arguments, your sincerity, and the seriousness of your efforts only by your death.;Albert Camus;death
Love, we say, is life but love without hope and faith is agonizing death.;Elbert Hubbard;death
Death is not the worst that can happen to men.;Plato;death
There will one day spring from the brain of science a machine or force so fearful in its potentialities, so absolutely terrifying, that even man, the fighter, who will dare torture and death in order to inflict torture and death, will be appalled, and so abandon war forever.;Thomas A. Edison;death
It is not the end of the physical body that should worry us. Rather, our concern must be to live while we're alive - to release our inner selves from the spiritual death that comes with living behind a facade designed to conform to external definitions of who and what we are.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;death
We get into the habit of living before acquiring the habit of thinking. In that race which daily hastens us towards death, the body maintains its irreparable lead.;Albert Camus;death
Death is not extinguishing the light it is only putting out the lamp because the dawn has come.;Rabindranath Tagore;death
There will be no lasting peace either in the heart of individuals or in social customs until death is outlawed.;Albert Camus;death
A belief in hell and the knowledge that every ambition is doomed to frustration at the hands of a skeleton have never prevented the majority of human beings from behaving as though death were no more than an unfounded rumor.;Aldous Huxley;death
You hear a lot about God these days: God, the beneficent God, the all-great God, the Almighty God, the most powerful God, the giver of life God, the creator of death. I mean, we're hearing about God all the time, so we better learn how to deal with it. But if we know anything about God, God is arbitrary.;Bob Dylan;death
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.;Norman Cousins;death
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.;Isaac Asimov;death
The safest course is to do nothing against one's conscience. With this secret, we can enjoy life and have no fear from death.;Voltaire;death
Death solves all problems - no man, no problem.;Joseph Stalin;death
Death to me means nothing as long as I can die fast.;Bob Dylan;death
Bullfighting is the only art in which the artist is in danger of death and in which the degree of brilliance in the performance is left to the fighter's honor.;Ernest Hemingway;death
Fear of death increases in exact proportion to increase in wealth.;Ernest Hemingway;death
We cast away priceless time in dreams, born of imagination, fed upon illusion, and put to death by reality.;Judy Garland;death
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.;Leonardo da Vinci;death
Achieving life is not the equivalent of avoiding death.;Ayn Rand;death
Death is a release from the impressions of the senses, and from desires that make us their puppets, and from the vagaries of the mind, and from the hard service of the flesh.;Marcus Aurelius;death
Madame, all stories, if continued far enough, end in death, and he is no true-story teller who would keep that from you.;Ernest Hemingway;death
Know one knows whether death, which people fear to be the greatest evil, may not be the greatest good.;Plato;death
Personally, I would be delighted if there were a life after death, especially if it permitted me to continue to learn about this world and others, if it gave me a chance to discover how history turns out.;Carl Sagan;death
