I definitely had a top-notch education.;Paul Giamatti;education
I hope I've been able to show other young girls that as long as you work hard and you're committed to fight for your education, that anything's possible.;Susana Martinez;education
Latinos care about education, yes, so we need reform, not just money.;Susana Martinez;education
I think an education is beneficial, but whether it takes an education to be successful in the arts is a whole other question.;Isaiah Mustafa;education
My father was an autodidact. It wasn't a middle-class house. Shopkeepers are aspirant. He paid for me to go to private school. He was denied an education - he had a horrible childhood. He got a place at a grammar school and wasn't allowed to go.;Kate Atkinson;education
You see, some non-Catholic friends of mine have questioned the depth of my faith because of the fact that I have a good education.;Robert Vaughn;education
You cannot blame the mismanagement of the economy or the fact that we have not invested adequately in education in order to give our people the knowledge, the skills and the technology that they need in order to be able to use the resources that Africa has to gain wealth.;Wangari Maathai;education
Poverty does not cause violence and terrorism. Lack of education does not cause terrorism.;John O. Brennan;education
You look at public education system, charter schools, infrastructure, in so many ways New Orleans has come back stronger.;Drew Brees;education
I came up poor. My mother only had a fourth-grade education. My dad didn't have any education at all. But they were very structured. They worked hard. You know, they didn't complain. They didn't murmur. And they believe in the Christ.;Evander Holyfield;education
Listen, if the mayor wants to have a debate about education in this city, I got three words: bring it on.;Anthony Weiner;education
Freedom Summer, the massive voter education project in Mississippi, was 1964. I graduated from high school in 1965. So becoming active was almost a rite of passage.;Danny Glover;education
It goes against the grain of modern education to teach students to program. What fun is there to making plans, acquiring discipline, organizing thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self critical.;Alan Perlis;education
I've seen people with a tremendous amount of educational background in the field not turn out to be terribly good actors, and I've seen people with no education in the field turn out to be people that I admire quite a bit.;Ron Silver;education
Fully 57 percent of American college students are women. Life insurance companies sell more policies to women than to men. As women continue to draw on experience and education, they're accelerating their numbers in upper management, too.;Suzanne Fields;education
I tell young people to prepare themselves as best they can for a world that grows more challenging every day-get the best education they can, and couple that education with real-life experience in social justice work.;Julian Bond;education
We must ensure our system of higher education offers world-class quality for a world-class economy.;Bob Taft;education
My idea of the ideal sex education site doesn't exist.;Susie Bright;education
Community colleges are one of America's great social inventions a gateway to the future for first time students looking for an affordable college education, and for mid-career students looking to get ahead in the workplace.;Barbara Mikulski;education
Most Hispanics are concerned with the same issues other Americans are - the economy, jobs, education. Similar to Main Street America.;Henry Bonilla;education
And I thought that was the best way for me to participate, because standing in the crowd and listening is a fantastic education, but it's not my nature. I need to be involved. So I did that instead.;Andre Braugher;education
Increased awareness and education could be a great help toward improving spending and saving habits and increasing participation and contribution levels to retirement plans.;Ron Lewis;education
The College Access and Opportunity Act addresses the important need to make higher education more affordable and easier to access for low and middle-income students.;Ron Lewis;education
You need education. You need subsistence protection. We need jobs and social security. These are preconditions under which it will perhaps be possible to deal with these complex circumstances.;Ulrich Beck;education
I stupidly ignored education completely. I found it dull and I preferred to cause chaos and have fun. I regret this massively now.;Dominic Cooper;education
The people in Iraq lived essentially good lives. They had brilliant health and education systems. Saddam actually created an incredible infrastructure in a very difficult country, but they were a Mafia family. If you said anything against that regime or that family you would be killed instantly.;Dominic Cooper;education
I'm essentially a momma's boy with a good education.;Tom Sizemore;education
The West has been able to bring Afghanistan a much better health service, better education, better roads, a better economy, though some have benefited more some have benefited less from that economic well-being in Afghanistan.;Hamid Karzai;education
What will we do in a globalised world? All human beings are equal, so they have the same right to have the same lifestyle-the same social security, jobs, education.;Joschka Fischer;education
When the state or federal government control the education of all of our children, they have the dangerous and illegitimate monopoly to control and influence the thought process of our citizens.;Michael Badnarik;education
Education liberates a woman.;Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy;education
What good is my parents' wealth and education and upbringing if I'm not contributing to the world?;Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy;education
The worst education which teaches self-denial, is better than the best which teaches everything else, and not that.;John Sterling;education
Education has fundamentally changed my life. It's perhaps the mission of my life. I'm wed to it in a very powerful and personal way. And I chose the pathway that I believe could make me the most significant on changing the outcomes that we see now in North Carolina.;Bev Perdue;education
I think any time you have too much education in one certain field, that can sometimes play against you.;Amber Tamblyn;education
My dad grew up in a working-class Jewish neighbourhood, and I got a scholarship from my dad's union to go to college. I went there to get an education, not as an extension of privilege.;Ezra Koenig;education
I'm a huge fan of music in schools and music education because that's how I grew up.;Kris Allen;education
In Philadelphia, our public safety, poverty reduction, health and economic development all start with education. We can't grow the middle class if we don't give our kids the tools they need to innovate and invent.;Michael Nutter;education
What the mayors care about is, 'How can I get money to invest in the infrastructure in my city? How do we put people back to work, lower the unemployment rate, provide for job training programs? How do we make class sizes smaller and make investments in our children from an education standpoint?';Michael Nutter;education
Civic education and civic responsibility should be taught in elementary school.;Donna Brazile;education
This journey is not over. Our education initiatives have so much momentum, and we're committed to sharing even more stories from the Arctic when we return.;Ann Bancroft;education
I only had a high school education and believe me, I had to cheat to get that.;Sparky Anderson;education
During this period at the Department of Education, my working relationship with Judge Thomas was positive.;Anita Hill;education
My education and background thoroughly inform my writing.;David Brin;education
I cherish the creation of public space and services, especially health, housing and the comprehensive education system which dared to give so many of us ideas 'above our station.';Frances O'Grady;education
Session musicians kind of respected me because what I was talking about made sense. That all came from an education. Believe me, education does you more good. Maybe that's the reason I've been around so long.;Bobby Vinton;education
All around as a person, on right decisions, on holding your money, on doing your trade, a good education is a must. I don't think I would've done as good without an education.;Bobby Vinton;education
States have the responsibility to create rules and conditions for growth and development, and to channel the benefits to all citizens by providing education and making people able to participate in the economies, and in decision-making.;Anna Lindh;education
Today there are people trying to take away rights that our mothers, grandmothers and great-grandmothers fought for: our right to vote, our right to choose, affordable quality education, equal pay, access to health care. We the people can't let that happen.;Kerry Washington;education
As a Member of Congress, I've continued my family's tradition of focusing on education.;Mark Kennedy;education
But the best thing Washington can do for education is realize that our role is limited. Washington must keep its promises, but let those who know our childrens' names- parents, teachers and school board members- make education decisions.;Mark Kennedy;education
Few things are more important to each individual's future success or to our nation's prosperity than education.;Mark Kennedy;education
I've got a very deep and abiding passion about education being far more than buildings and textbooks it's what children bring into school with them.;Johann Lamont;education
Too many vital education dollars that should be spent in the classroom are bouncing around in the federal bureaucracy.;Mark Kennedy;education
This is not a zero-sum game. We know that if we provide access and education, particularly where there are gaps in the market, we will create more jobs, we will create more growth, and we will create more activity in the U.S. market, which will be good for our economy.;Karen Mills;education
I agree that it is not just the extremists who harbor bad thoughts or engage in bad acts, but they are usually the source of the polarization and try to keep education and communication of the main stream from moving forward.;Joichi Ito;education
Only time, education and plenty of good schooling will make anti-segregation work.;Nat King Cole;education
If you can feed your family, give them an education, then you are a success.;Jami Gertz;education
One of the biggest development issues in the world is the education of girls. In the United States and Europe, it has been accepted, but not in Africa and the developing countries.;Harri Holkeri;education
If there is something I would like to do as President of the General Assembly, it is to place more emphasis on the issue of education, which enables a better life for women.;Harri Holkeri;education
I do not want to speak about overpopulation or birth control, but I think education is the way to give new impetus to the poverty question.;Harri Holkeri;education
I'm on Governor Gray Davis' California Alliance Towards Education to bring the arts back to high schools.;Sally Kirkland;education
With my ministry of light, part of what I do is work on the California Alliance For Arts Education.;Sally Kirkland;education
I thought if anyone need a leg up, it was our foster children. So, I started getting involved in education reform, and that was back in 1998. And as a result of all the reform work that I had done, people urged me to run for the Minnesota state Senate. I did, I was there for six years.;Michele Bachmann;education
I'm not only a lawyer, I have a post doctorate degree in federal tax law from William and Mary. I work in serious scholarship and work in the United States federal tax court. My husband and I raised five kids. We've raised 23 foster children. We've applied ourselves to education reform. We started a charter school for at-risk kids.;Michele Bachmann;education
As a former high school teacher, I know that investing in education is one of the most important things we can do, not only for our children, but for the benefit of our whole community.;Ed Pastor;education
It is as impossible to withhold education from the receptive mind, as it is impossible to force it upon the unreasoning.;Agnes Repplier;education
I learned a lot from that first record and I learned a lot from my experiences touring, but really the biggest education I got over the past two years was learning the importance of arrangements.;Vanessa Carlton;education
I went to drama school for four years at Carnegie Mellon, conservatory training before television comedy. I was doing Shakespeare and Chekov plays. It's about delivering on the promise of a $100,000 education and taking the shackles off and trying the hand at my craft. I'm thrilled with what I've seen so far.;Josh Gad;education
The best math lesson we can teach college students this year is to subtract a tuition increase and benefit from the dividends of higher education.;Jodi Rell;education
People who don't read seem to me mysterious. I don't know how they think or learn about other people. Novels are a very important part of our education.;Nina Bawden;education
Education brings about opportunity, and in turn inspiration.;Bill Frist;education
Every child should have the opportunity to receive a quality education.;Bill Frist;education
In choosing global corporate partners UNICEF emphasises compatibility with our core values and looks to build alliances that advance our mission of ensuring the health, education, equality and protection for all the world's children.;Carol Bellamy;education
Vocational education programs have made a real difference in the lives of countless young people nationwide they build self-confidence and leadership skills by allowing students to utilize their unique gifts and talents.;Conrad Burns;education
I graduated from the University of Michigan with a BA in Communications and left formal education behind.;Sarah Zettel;education
I would have been about seven years old when the formative years of my competitive football education began. I was playing in the local leagues around Manchester, playing against lads from tough areas who had been taught they had to fight for everything.;Gary Neville;education
The best education in the world is that got by struggling to get a living.;Wendell Phillips;education
The point of my work is to show that culture and education aren't simply hobbies or minor influences.;Pierre Bourdieu;education
The value of an arts education is widely accepted, especially in California.;Gavin Newsom;education
I'm a big believer in education, period.;Jon Secada;education
And my career, the things that have happened have happened because of my music education background.;Jon Secada;education
My mother was the influence in my life. She was strong she had great faith in the ultimate triumph of justice and hard work. She believed passionately in education.;John H. Johnson;education
Progress for black Americans depends on good schools because education is the last great equalizer.;Alphonso Jackson;education
I was a teacher for a long time. I taught at a community college: voice, theory, humanities. And nowadays, music education is a dying thing. Funding is being cut more and more and more.;Jon Secada;education
The Republicans have chosen to neglect young Americans who need assistance with the costs of higher education.;John Conyers;education
If you take any world problem, any issue on the planet, the solution to that problem certainly includes education. In education, the roadblock is the laptop.;Nicholas Negroponte;education
Pell Grants are, and have been, critically important tools in making higher education a possibility for lower- and middle-income students.;Christopher Dodd;education
My goal is not selling laptops. OLPC is not in the laptop business. It's in the education business.;Nicholas Negroponte;education
Enhancing revenues will help us improve education and solve our infrastructure problems.;Roy Barnes;education
Everybody agrees that whatever the solutions are to the big problems, they... can never be without some element of education.;Nicholas Negroponte;education
All school districts receive funds from the federal government, through the Department of Education, to support anti-drug education efforts.;John Walters;education
We've been working now with computers and education for 30 years, computers in developing countries for 20 years, and trying to make low-cost machines for 10 years. This is not a sudden turn down the road.;Nicholas Negroponte;education
In regard to education, something has been done by the Provincial Legislature but to build churches, and to place clergymen is a work of greater difficulty.;John Strachan;education
They basically said that if I didn't show up for school they'd mark me present, they wouldn't send the truant officer after me. At 16 I enrolled in something called continuing education. Once a month I'd go out to Jamaica, but I didn't take it seriously.;Dave Van Ronk;education
I believe in local control of education.;Russ Feingold;education
I loved education, and, yes, I did want to go on learning.;Arthur Hailey;education
Real education should educate us out of self into something far finer into a selflessness which links us with all humanity.;Nancy Astor;education
President Obama is a principled man who has worked hard to put healthcare and a good education in the reach of millions of Americans and believes that everyone who works hard and plays by the rules, should have a fair shot at the American dream.;Cristina Saralegui;education
