The only thing money gives you is the freedom of not worrying about money.;Johnny Carson;freedom
When a truth is not given complete freedom, freedom is not complete.;Vaclav Havel;freedom
Human beings want to be free and however long they may agree to stay locked up, to stay oppressed, there will come a time when they say 'That's it.' Suddenly they find themselves doing something that they never would have thought they would be doing, simply because of the human instinct that makes them turn their face towards freedom.;Aung San Suu Kyi;freedom
We hold our heads high, despite the price we have paid, because freedom is priceless.;Lech Walesa;freedom
Freedom begins as we become conscious of it.;Vernon Howard;freedom
The problem of the world today is the people talk on and on about democracy, freedom, justice. But I don't give a damn about democracy if I am worried about survival.;Imelda Marcos;freedom
There must be freedom for all to live, to think, to worship, no book, no avenue must be closed.;James Larkin;freedom
Freedom is the by-product of economic surplus.;Aneurin Bevan;freedom
While Democrats fussed with the details of health care reforms, conservatives spent months telling the nation that the real issue is freedom, that what's on the line is American liberty itself.;Thomas Frank;freedom
There are few things in politics more annoying than the Right's utter conviction that it owns the patent on the word 'freedom' that when its leaders stand up for the rights of banks to be unregulated or capital gains to be untaxed, that it is actually and obviously standing up for human liberty, the noblest cause of them all.;Thomas Frank;freedom
Women are degraded by the propensity to enjoy the present moment, and, at last, despise the freedom which they have not sufficient virtue to struggle to attain.;Mary Wollstonecraft;freedom
The condition every art requires is, not so much freedom from restriction, as freedom from adulteration and from the intrusion of foreign matter.;Willa Cather;freedom
If you are for freedom and equal rights, which we hear a lot of talk about these days, then you have to include the LGBTQ community in that. And if you're not willing to put your time where your mouth is, then I don't know quite what you mean by commitment in your life.;Hal Sparks;freedom
The United States and Israel have a unique relationship based on our mutual commitment to democracy, freedom, and peace. Therefore, just as our commitment to these principles must be steadfast, so must our support for Israel.;John Boehner;freedom
Bush is morally a universalist. For instance, he says the freedom is good, the same thing is good, all over the world. So in that sense he's a universalist.;Peter Singer;freedom
Bush sees the evil as out there in the wider world, residing in people who 'hate freedom'. Look at his immediate response to the pictures of prisoner abuse this is not what Americans do, these are not our values.;Peter Singer;freedom
Freedom of conscience entails more dangers than authority and despotism.;Michel Foucault;freedom
I really feel that the talent I have is acting. Freedom and the possibility of play-that is what I like to have.;Jacqueline Bisset;freedom
In the beginning, I loved being famous, but now I am tired of it and I would like to go back to my freedom.;Roberto Cavalli;freedom
The Bill of Rights was intended to secure freedom of speech - the freedom of speech of members of parliament to speak freely rather than be at threat of... the threat of an over powerful monarch at the time.;William Hague;freedom
I will never understand people who think that the way to show their righteous opposition to sexual freedom is to write letters full of filthy words.;Anna Quindlen;freedom
Well, the first thing is that truth and power for me form an antithesis, an antagonism, which will hardly ever be resolved. I can define in fact, can simplify the history of human society, the evolution of human society, as a contest between power and freedom.;Wole Soyinka;freedom
My grandfather was a man, when he talked about freedom, his attitude was really interesting. His view was that you had obligations or you had responsibilities, and when you fulfilled those obligations or responsibilities, that then gave you the liberty to do other things.;Clarence Thomas;freedom
Too much freedom can lead to the soul's decay.;Prince;freedom
Freedom has a price. Most people aren't willing to pay it.;Jack Kevorkian;freedom
Great research universities must insist on independence from government and on the exercise of academic freedom.;Alan Dershowitz;freedom
I was determined to achieve the total freedom that our history lessons taught us we were entitled to, no matter what the sacrifice.;Rosabeth Moss Kanter;freedom
Modernism released us from the constraints of everything that had gone before with a euphoric sense of freedom.;Arthur Erickson;freedom
Resist this war on God, freedom of religion and freedom of speech.;Benjamin Carson;freedom
I've come to realize that protecting freedom of choice in our everyday lives is essential to maintaining a healthy civil society.;George McGovern;freedom
To criticize a person for their race is manifestly irrational and ridiculous, but to criticize their religion, that is a right. That is a freedom.;Rowan Atkinson;freedom
For the past several years, I have remained what others would consider underground. I did this in order to build a community of people, like-minded in their desire for freedom and the right to pursue their goals and lives without being manipulated and controlled by a media protected military industrial complex with a completely different agenda.;Lauryn Hill;freedom
As crucial as religion has been and is to the life of the nation, America's unifying force has never been a specific faith, but a commitment to freedom - not least freedom of conscience.;Jon Meacham;freedom
The spread of freedom is the best security for the free.;Tony Blair;freedom
But there is a corollary to freedom and that's personal responsibility, and the real challenge is how you generate that personal responsibility without imposing it.;Esther Dyson;freedom
It is a strange fact that freedom and equality, the two basic ideas of democracy, are to some extent contradictory. Logically considered, freedom and equality are mutually exclusive, just as society and the individual are mutually exclusive.;Thomas Mann;freedom
My wife needs her freedom just like me.;Clive Owen;freedom
You have the freedom to live and let live, to love and let love. Granting yourself that freedom is one of the healthiest, most constructive things you can do for yourself and the people who matter to you.;Martha Beck;freedom
Beware how you trifle with your marvelous inheritance, this great land of ordered liberty, for if we stumble and fall, freedom and civilization everywhere will go down in ruin.;Henry Cabot Lodge;freedom
The Declaration of Independence was always our vision of who we wanted to be, our ideal of freedom and justice, how we were going to be different, and what the American experiment was going to be about.;Marian Wright Edelman;freedom
Her beauty didn't do her any good and she couldn't use it in any positive way or manipulative way. I just hope that people will look and see and believe in that hope of love, that hope of freedom, even if it was just for a limited time.;Diane Kruger;freedom
The spirit of truth and the spirit of freedom - these are the pillars of society.;Henrik Ibsen;freedom
If our freedom is taken, the American dream will wither and die.;Rand Paul;freedom
Now, one of the most essential branches of English liberty is the freedom of one's house.;James Otis;freedom
The freedom that women were supposed to have found in the Sixties largely boiled down to easy contraception and abortion things to make life easier for men, in fact.;Julie Burchill;freedom
No, my work does not reflect my sexual preferences, it reflects the fact that I feel total freedom as an artist.;Patti Smith;freedom
I like repressed characters. That gives me a lot of freedom to make a lot of different choices through subtleties.;Jeremy Renner;freedom
The work of art is a scream of freedom.;Christo;freedom
As the fly bangs against the window attempting freedom while the door stands open, so we bang against death ignoring heaven.;Douglas Horton;freedom
Freedom of choice is more to be treasured than any possession earth can give.;David O. McKay;freedom
You have riches and freedom here but I feel no sense of faith or direction. You have so many computers, why don't you use them in the search for love?;Lech Walesa;freedom
The hope of the nation which throughout the nineteenth century had not for a moment reconciled itself with the loss of independence, and fighting for its own freedom, fought at the same time for the freedom of other nations.;Lech Walesa;freedom
I most sincerely wish that the world in which we live be free from the threat of a nuclear holocaust and from the ruinous arms race. It is my cherished desire that peace be not separated from freedom which is the right of every nation. This I desire and for this I pray.;Lech Walesa;freedom
Freedom must be gained step by step, slowly. Freedom is a food which must be carefully administered when people are too hungry for it.;Lech Walesa;freedom
Freedom is an indivisible word. If we want to enjoy it, and fight for it, we must be prepared to extend it to everyone, whether they are rich or poor, whether they agree with us or not, no matter what their race or the color of their skin.;Wendell Willkie;freedom
Freedom requires no effort to enjoy but requires heroic efforts to preserve.;Richard G. Scott;freedom
I've got personal views on the '60s. You can't have freedom without paying the price for it.;James Lovelock;freedom
We clearly realize that freedom's inner kingdom cannot be touched by exterior attacks.;Vernon Howard;freedom
If one is going to err, one should err on the side of liberty and freedom.;Kofi Annan;freedom
America's Veterans have served their country with the belief that democracy and freedom are ideals to be upheld around the world.;John Doolittle;freedom
Music is where I have the most creative freedom, but I love producing. To me, that's kind of where all the action is. You get a chance to have your hands in every aspect of a film. From picking a director, sometimes picking a writer, to the actors, the wardrobe, set design, editing, music, and marketing.;Ice Cube;freedom
Jobs mean freedom for workers to support their families.;Nancy Pelosi;freedom
Many will view the compromises that will be made during your negotiations as painful concessions. But why not view them as peace offerings, ones that will provide in return the priceless gifts of hope, security and freedom for our children and our children's?;King Abdullah II;freedom
Rock and roll music - the music of freedom frightens people and unleashes all manner of conservative defense mechanisms.;Salman Rushdie;freedom
Freedom is man's capacity to take a hand in his own development. It is our capacity to mold ourselves.;Rollo May;freedom
Human freedom involves our capacity to pause, to choose the one response toward which we wish to throw our weight.;Rollo May;freedom
You can be a thousand different women. It's your choice which one you want to be. It's about freedom and sovereignty. You celebrate who you are. You say, 'This is my kingdom.';Salma Hayek;freedom
Israel was born under the British mandate. We learned from the British what democracy means, and how it behaves in a time of danger, war and terror. We thank Britain for introducing freedom and respect of human rights both in normal and demanding circumstances.;Shimon Peres;freedom
When the United States was founded, the very idea of a nation premised on democratic principles of freedom and tolerance was viewed by the vast majority of the world as an experiment doomed to fail. Dictatorships, monarchies, and theocracies had for many centuries ruled the world.;Eliot Spitzer;freedom
If you don't mind haunting the margins, I think there is more freedom there.;Colin Firth;freedom
We know from our own history that democratic institutions take decades to mature, and we know from past conflicts that freedom is not free.;Jim DeMint;freedom
If it's total freedom, I guess the ultimate thing you can go into is total silence between the audience and performer, with the performer projecting something he doesn't even have to play.;Alice Cooper;freedom
We know the road to freedom has always been stalked by death.;Angela Davis;freedom
Freedom from care and anxiety of mind is a blessing, which I apprehend such people enjoy in higher perfection than most others, and is of the utmost consequence.;William Falconer;freedom
We all have the right of freedom of speech under the First Amendment. We all don't have to agree with one another on our opinions. Everyone in my circle, that I run around with, we all feel the same about God, country, integrity and character.;Luke Scott;freedom
Next in importance to freedom and justice is popular education, without which neither freedom nor justice can be permanently maintained.;James A. Garfield;freedom
An almost hysterical antagonism toward the gold standard is one issue which unites statists of all persuasions. They seem to sense... that gold and economic freedom are inseparable.;Alan Greenspan;freedom
Any one who wants to live in peace and freedom will be to live by toil, demonstration of high levels of discipline and tolerance for one another.;Yahya Jammeh;freedom
Laying tracks gives you freedom without being too obvious.;Claude Chabrol;freedom
Woe to that nation whose literature is cut short by the intrusion of force. This is not merely interference with freedom of the press but the sealing up of a nation's heart, the excision of its memory.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;freedom
Bastard Freedom waves Her fustian flag in mockery over slaves.;Thomas Moore;freedom
I think to be - for me to be an American is - you know, it's one of the greatest things in the world for - you know, for me just because I've been able to grow up with everything. The freedom. You know, in my eyes this is the greatest country in the world.;Michael Phelps;freedom
We don't have an Official Secrets Act in the United States, as other countries do. Under the First Amendment, freedom of the press, freedom of speech, and freedom of association are more important than protecting secrets.;Alan Dershowitz;freedom
Those who write the editorials and those who write the columns, they simply are unaccountable. They're free to impose their cultural politics in the name of freedom of the press.;Jesse Jackson;freedom
I believe firmly that in making ethical decisions, man has the prerogative of true freedom of choice.;Corliss Lamont;freedom
True freedom is the capacity for acting according to one's true character, to be altogether one's self, to be self-determined and not subject to outside coercion.;Corliss Lamont;freedom
Now, do I think there has to be shared sacrifice among other nations in the world who want a stable and secure world? Absolutely, there has to be. But I don't think that America can ever abdicate its leadership role in the world because of who we are and where we've come from. We are the symbol for the world for freedom and liberty.;Chris Christie;freedom
It is true you cannot eat freedom and you cannot power machinery with democracy. But then neither can political prisoners turn on the light in the cells of a dictatorship.;Corazon Aquino;freedom
One man's blasphemy doesn't override other people's free-speech rights, their freedom to publish, freedom of thought.;Dan Savage;freedom
We must plan for freedom, and not only for security, if for no other reason than that only freedom can make security secure.;Karl Popper;freedom
Because if you lived, as I did, several years under Nazi totalitarianism, and then 20 years in communist totalitarianism, you would certainly realize how precious freedom is, and how easy it is to lose your freedom.;Milos Forman;freedom
If this liberal potential is properly channeled, we may expect the area of freedom of the United States to increase. The problem is to spend up our rate of social invention in the service of the welfare of all the people.;Henry A. Wallace;freedom
He who believes in freedom of the will has never loved and never hated.;Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach;freedom
Anything outside marriage seems like freedom and excitement.;Jeanette Winterson;freedom
There are forces all around you who wish to exploit division, rob you of your freedom, and tell you what to think. But young folks can rekindle the weary spirit of a slumbering nation.;Wynton Marsalis;freedom
I tasted freedom and I really liked it.;Phil Lynott;freedom
In the end, nature is inexorable: it has no reason to hurry and, sooner or later, it takes what belongs to it. Unconsciously and inflexibly obedient to its own laws, it doesn't know art, just as it doesn't know freedom, just as it doesn't know goodness.;Ivan Turgenev;freedom
Freedom is not won by merely overthrowing a tyrannical ruler or an oppressive regime. That is usually only the prelude to a new tyranny, a new oppression.;Jonathan Sacks;freedom
Freedom begins with what we teach our children. That is why Jews became a people whose passion is education, whose heroes are teachers and whose citadels are schools.;Jonathan Sacks;freedom
