My family makes these vinegars - out of everything from grapes to peaches and cherries. We go through the whole process with the giant vat and drainer, label them, and give them as Christmas presents.;Mario Batali;family
We don't have the luxury of time. We spend more because of how we live, but it's important to be with our family and friends.;Sara Blakely;family
I tend to show everything I do to my family, to check they won't be offended.;David Sedaris;family
When I was growing up in Mississippi - it was good Southern food... but I also grew up with a Greek family when other kids were eating fried okra, we were eating steamed artichokes. So I think it played a big part in my healthy cooking.;Cat Cora;family
I'm just a public-schoolboy. I've got a degree. I'm from a middle-class family in Devon. I've got no story.;Chris Martin;family
In my family, we let our boys have a say in what veggie side they want for dinner that night. We list off a handful of options and get them excited about helping to plan the dinner menu. They're much more inclined to finish their plates when they've helped decide what goes on them.;Cat Cora;family
To me, money is the ability to create lifelong experiences for my family and myself, to educate my children and a way to give back to humanity.;Cat Cora;family
I've always been part of comedy. One of the things about our family was that if we were reasonably funny with each other, particularly my two brothers and myself, when my father was upset with something you'd want to make sure in some way you made him laugh. Because when he didn't laugh, you were in trouble!;Leslie Nielsen;family
I've been experimenting more and more with LN2, liquid nitrogen. I've used it in battle on 'Iron Chef America,' but have also made some great ice creams at home for my family. Since it freezes basically on contact, you can have ice cream ready in mere minutes.;Cat Cora;family
My family brought me up to be very respectful of people.;Emma Bunton;family
When I'm home, the heart and soul of our family is in the kitchen. Growing up, my parents both worked, so dinnertime was for family - the TV was off. I think it's important to grab that time and really make it special, even after a tough day.;Cat Cora;family
My parents did a great job raising me and my two sisters. We all graduated from high school and we all graduated from college. So, to be a good representative of my family is probably my greatest accomplishment thus far.;Robert Griffin III;family
I would like a food/lifestyle show. We're not sure what that is yet. I want to be able to share what I do and how I raise my family. I feel like I have a story to tell. I enjoy talking and listening, sharing ideas and sharing advice.;Cat Cora;family
And whereas women had to fight to find their way into the workforce, men are now fighting to reclaim their place in the family structure.;Bob Geldof;family
I've always known I wanted a family.;Charlize Theron;family
But I am Armenian and I understand what it is to lose a country and lose a family and have massacres and genocides and everything against my people.;Andrea Martin;family
More than any other setting - more than battlefields or boardrooms or a spaceship headed for intergalactic travel - I'll put my money on the family to provide an endless source of comedy, tragedy and intrigue.;Joyce Maynard;family
The importance of human life should be universally respected - and that refers to children before they are born and after. All children have the right to be brought up in a loving two-parent family where the notion of divorce is not even possible.;Christopher Monckton;family
While Free Choice Vouchers didn't fulfill my vision of a health care system in which every American would be empowered to hire and fire their insurance company, they were a foothold for choice and competition and a safety valve for Americans whose employers are already forcing them to bear more and more of their family's health insurance costs.;Ron Wyden;family
Everyone will be famous for 15 minutes.;Andy Warhol;famous
I have no use for people who throw their weight around as celebrities, or for those who fawn over you just because you are famous.;Walt Disney;famous
What a heavy burden is a name that has become too famous.;Voltaire;famous
We all want to be famous people, and the moment we want to be something we are no longer free.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;famous
Famous, adj.: Conspicuously miserable.;Ambrose Bierce;famous
Martyrdom is the only way a man can become famous without ability.;Arthur Schopenhauer;famous
Andy Warhol made fame more famous.;Fran Lebowitz;famous
I just want to make music, I don't want people to talk about me. All I've ever wanted to do was sing. I don't want to be a celebrity. I don't want to be in people's faces, you know, constantly on covers of magazine that I haven't even known I'm on.;Adele;famous
It's really easy to avoid the tabloids. You just live your life and don't hang out with famous people who are in the tabloids. Don't do anything controversial and be a normal person. Have friends. And get a job and keep working.;Amanda Seyfried;famous
I wanted to be successful, not famous.;George Harrison;famous
I'm not comfortable being around too many people. I don't like being out in public too much. I don't like going to bars. I don't like doing celebrity stuff. So most of the characters I play are people who don't always feel comfortable beyond their small circle of friends.;Adam Sandler;famous
How many famous and high-spirited heroes have lived a day too long?;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;famous
I like being famous when it's convenient for me and completely anonymous when it's not.;Catherine Deneuve;famous
I never wanted to be famous. I only wanted to be great.;Ray Charles;famous
For famous men have the whole earth as their memorial.;Pericles;famous
I know I'm not supposed to have any opinions about politics, because I'm famous.;Cher;famous
I'd rather be able to face myself in the bathroom mirror than be rich and famous.;Ani DiFranco;famous
You're not famous until my mother has heard of you.;Jay Leno;famous
It isn't necessary to be rich and famous to be happy. It's only necessary to be rich.;Alan Alda;famous
I always want to say to people who want to be rich and famous: 'try being rich first'. See if that doesn't cover most of it. There's not much downside to being rich, other than paying taxes and having your relatives ask you for money. But when you become famous, you end up with a 24-hour job.;Bill Murray;famous
There's no difference between fame and infamy now. There's a new school of professional famous people that don't do anything. They don't create anything.;Ricky Gervais;famous
Nothing in life prepares you to be famous.;Jeff Foxworthy;famous
I can do whatever I want - I'm rich, I'm famous, and I'm bigger than you.;Don Johnson;famous
It is a mark of many famous people that they cannot part with their brightest hour.;Lillian Hellman;famous
Tom Cruise, he's a lot more famous than me.;David Beckham;famous
People hate me because I am a multifaceted, talented, wealthy, internationally famous genius.;Jerry Lewis;famous
I am beautiful, famous and gorgeous.;Anna Kournikova;famous
A famous person to themselves, they don't get up in the morning and think, I'm famous. I'm not famous to me. Famous is a perception.;Van Morrison;famous
The hardest thing about being famous is that people are always nice to you. You're in a conversation and everybody's agreeing with what you're saying - even if you say something totally crazy. You need people who can tell you what you don't want to hear.;Al Pacino;famous
For a time, at least, I was the most famous person in the entire world.;Jesse Owens;famous
Fate is being kind to me. Fate doesn't want me to be too famous too young.;Duke Ellington;famous
Being big and famous doesn't get you more freedom, it gets you less.;Robert Wyatt;famous
Celebrity distorts democracy by giving the rich, beautiful, and famous more authority than they deserve.;Maureen Dowd;famous
I wrote because I needed to and wanted to. It never occurred to me that I'd become famous.;Danielle Steel;famous
Indeed, wretched the man whose fame makes his misfortunes famous.;Lucius Accius;famous
I put my money in the bank: I have to think of life after modeling, when I'm not famous any more.;Eva Herzigova;famous
My story of success and failure is not just about music and being famous. It's about living and loving and trying to find purpose in this crazy world.;Wynonna Judd;famous
Celebrity gives us delusion of self importance.;Al Goldstein;famous
I've worked with a lot of people who are more famous than myself who are terribly insecure.;Barry Gibb;famous
But I know newspapers. They have the first amendment and they can tell any lie knowing it's a lie and they're protected if the person's famous or it's a company.;Steve Wozniak;famous
Celebrity, to me, is not a thing to seek.;Aidan Quinn;famous
The thing about being famous is, it's weird. The only people who get how weird it is are other famous people.;Margot Kidder;famous
You don't have to have an attitude if you're famous.;Adriana Lima;famous
I seek no longer to be a 'famous' person, and instead I wish to live a 'normal' life.;Sinead O'Connor;famous
Public misbehavior by the famous is a powerful teaching tool.;Bill O'Reilly;famous
When you become famous, being famous becomes your profession.;James Carville;famous
Acting is not about being famous, it's about exploring the human soul.;Annette Bening;famous
I want to be famous everywhere.;Luciano Pavarotti;famous
I really hate the duties of being a celebrity, like getting dressed up for the red carpet.;America Ferrera;famous
If there's anything more mortifying than being famous at 14, it's being washed up right after.;Moon Unit Zappa;famous
My favorite thing about being famous... it's not really as big of a deal as everybody says it is. Being on the road is tough, doing interviews, and all the stuff. It's still pretty tough.;Aaron Carter;famous
I can't see any value in being a celebrity, famous for being famous.;Noomi Rapace;famous
The whole celebrity culture thing - I'm fascinated by, and repelled by, and yet I end up knowing about it.;Anderson Cooper;famous
When I'm living in the world of luxury and celebrity, which is where I found myself for a large part of my life, it's a walk-on part. Not a vital necessity, like it is for so many people. I enjoy it but I can see right through it!;Agnetha Faltskog;famous
I will either be famous or infamous.;Otto Dix;famous
Sometimes being famous gets in the way of doing what you want to do.;Johnny Mathis;famous
I think that when you are famous every weakness is exaggerated.;Marilyn Monroe;famous
Before I was famous, when I was just working in Gilbert's Lodge, everything was moving in slow motion.;Eminem;famous
Martyrdom: The only way a man can become famous without ability.;George Bernard Shaw;famous
To be famous, in fact, one has only to kill one's landlady.;Albert Camus;famous
Wood burns because it has the proper stuff in it and a man becomes famous because he has the proper stuff in him.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;famous
When I started out, I didn't have any desire to be an actress or to learn how to act. I just wanted to be famous.;Katharine Hepburn;famous
Did you ever stop to think why cops are always famous for being dumb? Simple. Because they don't have to be anything else.;Orson Welles;famous
A very quiet and tasteful way to be famous is to have a famous relative. Then you can not only be nothing, you can do nothing too.;P. J. O'Rourke;famous
I'm bored with that line. I never use it anymore. My new line is 'In 15 minutes everybody will be famous.';Andy Warhol;famous
I don't like Los Angeles. The people are awful and terribly shallow, and everybody wants to be famous but nobody wants to play the game. I'm from New York. I will kill to get what I need.;Lady Gaga;famous
The cool thing about being famous is traveling. I have always wanted to travel across seas, like to Canada and stuff.;Britney Spears;famous
My idea of a good picture is one that's in focus and of a famous person.;Andy Warhol;famous
In the future everyone will be famous for 15 minutes.;Andy Warhol;famous
After a fellow gets famous it doesn't take long for someone to bob up that used to sit by him in school.;Kin Hubbard;famous
And to me, fame is not a positive thing. The idea of being famous is a lot better than the reality. It's fantastic when you go to premieres and people cheer you, but it's not real. And it's totally not my approach to get my name on a club door just because I can.;Tom Felton;famous
I served the famous professors and scholars, and eventually they learned that the Reverend Moon is superior to them. Even Nobel laureate academics who thought they were at the center of knowledge are as nothing in front of me.;Sun Myung Moon;famous
A chair is a very difficult object. A skyscraper is almost easier. That is why Chippendale is famous.;Ludwig Mies van der Rohe;famous
If you want to be a rock star or just be famous, then run down the street naked, you'll make the news or something. But if you want music to be your livelihood, then play, play, play and play! And eventually you'll get to where you want to be.;Eddie Van Halen;famous
When we were growing up our parents somehow made it clear that being famous was good. And I mistakenly thought that if I was famous then everyone would love me.;Ellen DeGeneres;famous
I was never very interested in boys - and there were plenty of them - vying with one another to see how many famous women they would get into the hay.;Bette Davis;famous
Some of the most famous books are the least worth reading. Their fame was due to their having done something that needed to be doing in their day. The work is done and the virtue of the book has expired.;Moliere;famous
There's more pressure to be famous for being yourself than if you're being a character.;Kim Kardashian;famous
Any idiot can get laid when they're famous. That's easy. It's getting laid when you're not famous that takes some talent.;Kevin Bacon;famous
Mum loves me being famous! She is so excited and proud, as she had me so young and couldn't support me, so I am living her dream, it's sweeter for both of us. It's her 40th birthday soon and I'm going to buy her 40 presents.;Adele;famous
