One may know how to gain a victory, and know not how to use it.;Pedro Calderon de la Barca;war
War remains the decisive human failure.;John Kenneth Galbraith;war
War is only a cowardly escape from the problems of peace.;Thomas Mann;war
I have not yet begun to fight!;John Paul Jones;war
The direct use of force is such a poor solution to any problem, it is generally employed only by small children and large nations.;David Friedman;war
War is hell.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
If it's natural to kill, how come men have to go into training to learn how?;Joan Baez;war
Sweat saves blood.;Erwin Rommel;war
War makes thieves and peace hangs them.;George Herbert;war
The first casualty when war comes is truth.;Hiram Johnson;war
War is a series of catastrophes which result in victory.;Albert Pike;war
The scenes on this field would have cured anybody of war.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
The Establishment center... has led us into the stupidest and cruelest war in all history. That war is a moral and political disaster - a terrible cancer eating away at the soul of our nation.;George McGovern;war
I do not believe that the men who served in uniform in Vietnam have been given the credit they deserve. It was a difficult war against an unorthodox enemy.;William Westmoreland;war
There is nothing that war has ever achieved that we could not better achieve without it.;Havelock Ellis;war
To win this war, we need a commander in chief, not a professor of law standing at the lectern.;Sarah Palin;war
You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake.;Jeannette Rankin;war
It has too often been too easy for rulers and governments to incite man to war.;Lester B. Pearson;war
We have war when at least one of the parties to a conflict wants something more than it wants peace.;Jeane Kirkpatrick;war
War is the unfolding of miscalculations.;Barbara Tuchman;war
A visitor from Mars could easily pick out the civilized nations. They have the best implements of war.;Herbert V. Prochnow;war
The power to wage war is the power to wage war successfully.;Charles Evans Hughes;war
War would end if the dead could return.;Stanley Baldwin;war
The way to win an atomic war is to make certain it never starts.;Omar N. Bradley;war
What is the use of physicians like myself trying to help parents to bring up children healthy and happy, to have them killed in such numbers for a cause that is ignoble?;Benjamin Spock;war
But when will our leaders learn - war is not the answer.;Helen Thomas;war
We have been travelling through a cloud. The sky has been dark ever since the war began.;Black Kettle;war
When the question arose whether I, as a member of the royal family, should take part in active combat in the Falklands, there was no question in her mind, and it only took her two days to sort the issue.;Prince Andrew;war
We are all tourists in history, and irony is what we win in wars.;Anatole Broyard;war
It was definitely a part of our life. I mean, my mom had both her brothers and her fiancee in Vietnam at the same time, so it wasn't just my dad's story, it was my mom's story too. And we definitely grew up listening to the stories.;Vanessa Kerry;war
The surest way to prevent war is not to fear it.;John Randolph;war
Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war love is a growing up.;James A. Baldwin;war
I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality... I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;war
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.;Albert Einstein;war
I am not only a pacifist but a militant pacifist. I am willing to fight for peace. Nothing will end war unless the people themselves refuse to go to war.;Albert Einstein;war
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop.;H. L. Mencken;war
We must concentrate not merely on the negative expulsion of war but the postive affirmation of peace.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;war
War is a poor chisel to carve out tomorrow.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;war
It is not enough to say we must not wage war. It is necessary to love peace and sacrifice for it.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;war
It is my conviction that killing under the cloak of war is nothing but an act of murder.;Albert Einstein;war
I do not believe that civilization will be wiped out in a war fought with the atomic bomb. Perhaps two-thirds of the people of the earth will be killed.;Albert Einstein;war
You cannot simultaneously prevent and prepare for war.;Albert Einstein;war
Allow the president to invade a neighboring nation, whenever he shall deem it necessary to repel an invasion, and you allow him to do so whenever he may choose to say he deems it necessary for such a purpose - and you allow him to make war at pleasure.;Abraham Lincoln;war
Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man.;Benjamin Franklin;war
The first panacea for a mismanaged nation is inflation of the currency the second is war. Both bring a temporary prosperity both bring a permanent ruin. But both are the refuge of political and economic opportunists.;Ernest Hemingway;war
A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then asks you not to kill him.;Winston Churchill;war
When you are winning a war almost everything that happens can be claimed to be right and wise.;Winston Churchill;war
The republican is the only form of government which is not eternally at open or secret war with the rights of mankind.;Thomas Jefferson;war
Politics is almost as exciting as war, and quite as dangerous. In war you can only be killed once, but in politics many times.;Winston Churchill;war
No bastard ever won a war by dying for his country. He won it by making the other poor dumb bastard die for his country.;George S. Patton;war
It is our duty still to endeavor to avoid war but if it shall actually take place, no matter by whom brought on, we must defend ourselves. If our house be on fire, without inquiring whether it was fired from within or without, we must try to extinguish it.;Thomas Jefferson;war
In war, you can only be killed once, but in politics, many times.;Winston Churchill;war
Those who can win a war well can rarely make a good peace and those who could make a good peace would never have won the war.;Winston Churchill;war
I am never going to have anything more to do with politics or politicians. When this war is over I shall confine myself entirely to writing and painting.;Winston Churchill;war
War is a game that is played with a smile. If you can't smile, grin. If you can't grin, keep out of the way till you can.;Winston Churchill;war
In war as in life, it is often necessary when some cherished scheme has failed, to take up the best alternative open, and if so, it is folly not to work for it with all your might.;Winston Churchill;war
Politics are very much like war. We may even have to use poison gas at times.;Winston Churchill;war
War is mainly a catalogue of blunders.;Winston Churchill;war
If we are to teach real peace in this world, and if we are to carry on a real war against war, we shall have to begin with the children.;Mahatma Gandhi;war
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination. When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.;Oscar Wilde;war
I abhor war and view it as the greatest scourge of mankind.;Thomas Jefferson;war
Communism has never come to power in a country that was not disrupted by war or corruption, or both.;John F. Kennedy;war
The most successful war seldom pays for its losses.;Thomas Jefferson;war
I have seen enough of one war never to wish to see another.;Thomas Jefferson;war
War is an instrument entirely inefficient toward redressing wrong and multiplies, instead of indemnifying losses.;Thomas Jefferson;war
If we desire to avoid insult, we must be able to repel it if we desire to secure peace, one of the most powerful instruments of our rising prosperity, it must be known, that we are at all times ready for War.;George Washington;war
Strike against war, for without you no battles can be fought!;Helen Keller;war
War is God's way of teaching Americans geography.;Ambrose Bierce;war
Telling us to obey instinct is like telling us to obey 'people.' People say different things: so do instincts. Our instincts are at war... Each instinct, if you listen to it, will claim to be gratified at the expense of the rest.;C. S. Lewis;war
I can not believe that war is the best solution. No one won the last war, and no one will win the next war.;Eleanor Roosevelt;war
Morality is contraband in war.;Mahatma Gandhi;war
Anyone who thinks must think of the next war as they would of suicide.;Eleanor Roosevelt;war
It is an unfortunate fact that we can secure peace only by preparing for war.;John F. Kennedy;war
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.;Sun Tzu;war
Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans - born in this century, tempered by war, disciplined by a hard and bitter peace.;John F. Kennedy;war
There is always inequality in life. Some men are killed in a war and some men are wounded and some men never leave the country. Life is unfair.;John F. Kennedy;war
The world knows that America will never start a war. This generation of Americans has had enough of war and hate... we want to build a world of peace where the weak are secure and the strong are just.;John F. Kennedy;war
History teaches that war begins when governments believe the price of aggression is cheap.;Ronald Reagan;war
We should declare war on North Vietnam. We could pave the whole country and put parking strips on it, and still be home by Christmas.;Ronald Reagan;war
An Atheist believes that a hospital should be built instead of a church. An atheist believes that deed must be done instead of prayer said. An atheist strives for involvement in life and not escape into death. He wants disease conquered, poverty vanished, war eliminated.;Madalyn Murray O'Hair;war
The real and lasting victories are those of peace, and not of war.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;war
Unconditional war can no longer lead to unconditional victory. It can no longer serve to settle disputes... can no longer be of concern to great powers alone.;John F. Kennedy;war
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.;George Orwell;war
We prefer world law in the age of self-determination to world war in the age of mass extermination.;John F. Kennedy;war
The soldier above all others prays for peace, for it is the soldier who must suffer and bear the deepest wounds and scars of war.;Douglas MacArthur;war
To be prepared for war is one of the most effective means of preserving peace.;George Washington;war
We make war that we may live in peace.;Aristotle;war
Going to war without France is like going hunting without an accordion.;Norman Schwarzkopf;war
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.;Sun Tzu;war
Those who are at war with others are not at peace with themselves.;William Hazlitt;war
War has always been the grand sagacity of every spirit which has grown too inward and too profound its curative power lies even in the wounds one receives.;Friedrich Nietzsche;war
I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;war
Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting.;George Orwell;war
You say it is the good cause that hallows even war? I say unto you: it is the good war that hallows any cause.;Friedrich Nietzsche;war
The constitution vests the power of declaring war in Congress therefore no offensive expedition of importance can be undertaken until after they shall have deliberated upon the subject and authorized such a measure.;George Washington;war
I have a scheme for stopping war. It's this - no nation is allowed to enter a war till they have paid for the last one.;Will Rogers;war
My first wish is to see this plague of mankind, war, banished from the earth.;George Washington;war
Four years ago, I promised to end the war in Iraq. We did. I promised to refocus on the terrorists who actually attacked us on 9/11. We have. We've blunted the Taliban's momentum in Afghanistan, and in 2014, our longest war will be over. A new tower rises above the New York skyline, al Qaeda is on the path to defeat, and Osama bin Laden is dead.;Barack Obama;war
Peace is not only better than war, but infinitely more arduous.;George Bernard Shaw;war
