Success is always something completely different to people. I feel like I've succeeded, if I'm doing something that makes me happy and I'm not lying to anybody.;Kristen Stewart;success
The road to success is always under construction.;Arnold Palmer;success
Success for me its to raise happy, healthy human beings.;Kelly LeBrock;success
My success was due to good luck, hard work, and support and advice from friends and mentors. But most importantly, it depended on me to keep trying after I had failed.;Mark Warner;success
A minute's success pays the failure of years.;Robert Browning;success
I believe there are three keys to success. For me it is keeping my priorities in order: It's my faith and my family, and then the business.;Kathy Ireland;success
Without an open-minded mind, you can never be a great success.;Martha Stewart;success
The five essential entrepreneurial skills for success are concentration, discrimination, organization, innovation and communication.;Michael Faraday;success
You've got to eat while you dream. You've got to deliver on short-range commitments, while you develop a long-range strategy and vision and implement it. The success of doing both. Walking and chewing gum if you will. Getting it done in the short-range, and delivering a long-range plan, and executing on that.;Jack Welch;success
There's no right or wrong, success or failure.;Miley Cyrus;success
I always say be humble but be firm. Humility and openness are the key to success without compromising your beliefs.;George Hickenlooper;success
I think people often confuse success with fame and stardom.;Brenda Blethyn;success
Well, certainly one of the ironies of the success of affirmative action is that the middle class within the black community no longer lives within 'black community' by and large.;Henry Louis Gates;success
The historical basis for the gap between the black middle class and underclass shows that ending discrimination, by itself, would not eradicate black poverty and dysfunction. We also need intervention to promulgate a middle-class ethic of success among the poor, while expanding opportunities for economic betterment.;Henry Louis Gates;success
I sort of understood that when I first started: that you shouldn't repeat a success. Very often you're going to, and maybe the first time you do, it works. And you love it. But then you're trapped.;Jack Nicholson;success
The very first step towards success in any occupation is to become interested in it.;William Osler;success
About the only problem with success is that it does not teach you how to deal with failure.;Tommy Lasorda;success
Positive thinking is the key to success in business, education, pro football, anything that you can mention. I go out there thinking that I'm going to complete every pass.;Ron Jaworski;success
You really have to work hard and apply yourself and by applying yourself and working hard and being diligent, you can achieve success.;Julie Benz;success
Success breeds complacency. Complacency breeds failure. Only the paranoid survive.;Andy Grove;success
Success is like a liberation or the first phrase of a love story.;Jeanne Moreau;success
So many stars lose their way, and with success become more neurotic, not less so.;Francesca Annis;success
It is a mistake to suppose that men succeed through success they much oftener succeed through failures. Precept, study, advice, and example could never have taught them so well as failure has done.;Samuel Smiles;success
Success breeds success.;Mia Hamm;success
I always think I'm the Tom Cruise of music - a lot of success and fans, but no critics, darling.;Jon Bon Jovi;success
Like the British Constitution, she owes her success in practice to her inconsistencies in principle.;Thomas Hardy;success
Well, success does not mean doing well.;Shirley MacLaine;success
Remember, I come from such an excessively overdone, red-carpet place called Hollywood. So I'm used to people blowing up their success in ways that are far above and beyond the truth.;Shirley MacLaine;success
Although in skating you compete with other people, anyone who achieves a certain level of success is first and foremost competing against themselves. And for me the idea that I could always do better, learn more, learn faster, is something that came from skating. But I carried that with me for the rest of my life.;Vera Wang;success
Success and failure are both part of life. Both are not permanent.;Shahrukh Khan;success
Success can't be forced.;Loretta Young;success
I'd rather have huge success and huge failures than travel in the middle of the road.;Kevyn Aucoin;success
Fathers and mothers have lost the idea that the highest aspiration they might have for their children is for them to be wise... specialized competence and success are all that they can imagine.;Allan Bloom;success
Many individuals are doing what they can. But real success can only come if there is a change in our societies and in our economics and in our politics.;David Attenborough;success
Being a part of success is more important than being personally indispensable.;Pat Riley;success
Success cannot come from standstill men. Methods change and men must change with them.;James Cash Penney;success
I wanted to highlight that whole dreadful process in book publishing that 'nothing succeeds like success.';Doris Lessing;success
The secret of our success is that we never, never give up.;Wilma Mankiller;success
I think the success of democracy is not really police security it's the presence of a broad middle class. The stronger the middle class of a people is, the less you have to worry about one group coming in and exploiting the democratic process for its own ends.;King Abdullah II;success
I wish I could just go tell all the young women I work with, all these fabulous women, 'Believe in yourself and negotiate for yourself. Own your own success.' I wish I could tell that to my daughter. But it's not that simple.;Sheryl Sandberg;success
It's so interesting how success hits people and how they react to it.;John Mayer;success
I get hired by companies to hack into their systems and break into their physical facilities to find security holes. Our success rate is 100% we've always found a hole.;Kevin Mitnick;success
You've got to work hard for your success and you've got to have a steady presence. That's the secret.;Kid Rock;success
Success always necessitates a degree of ruthlessness. Given the choice of friendship or success, I'd probably choose success.;Sting;success
One of the rewards of success is freedom, the ability to do whatever you like.;Sting;success
I want to swim in both directions at once. Desire success, court failure.;Alan Rickman;success
Breast cancer deaths in America have been declining for more than a decade. Much of that success is due to early detection and better treatments for women. I strongly encourage women to get a mammogram.;Larry Craig;success
I have a tendency to sabotage relationships I have a tendency to sabotage everything. Fear of success, fear of failure, fear of being afraid. Useless, good-for-nothing thoughts.;Michael Buble;success
Young man, the secret of my success is that an early age I discovered that I was not God.;Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.;success
The framers of the Constitution were so clear in the federalist papers and elsewhere that they felt an independent judiciary was critical to the success of the nation.;Sandra Day O'Connor;success
The great dream merchant Disney was a success because make-believe was what everyone seemed to need in a spiritually empty land.;Arthur Erickson;success
Well, I think that there's a very thin dividing line between success and failure. And I think if you start a business without financial backing, you're likely to go the wrong side of that dividing line.;Richard Branson;success
Rockefeller once explained the secret of success. 'Get up early, work late - and strike oil.';Joey Adams;success
I don't dwell on success. Maybe that's one reason I'm successful.;Calvin Klein;success
Success consists of getting up just one more time than you fall.;Oliver Goldsmith;success
We need to accept that we won't always make the right decisions, that we'll screw up royally sometimes - understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it's part of success.;Arianna Huffington;success
Every soldier must know, before he goes into battle, how the little battle he is to fight fits into the larger picture, and how the success of his fighting will influence the battle as a whole.;Bernard Law Montgomery;success
You know, I start with the assumption that -or with, with the belief that this president has to succeed. We all have an enormous amount of capital invested in his success. His success is the country's success.;Michael Bloomberg;success
I think the idea that you know who your inner self is on a daily basis, because... you know. What's good for you 25 years ago may not be good for you now. So, to keep in touch with that, I think that's the first ingredient for success. Because if you're a successful human being, everything else is gravy, I think.;Whoopi Goldberg;success
Without failure there is no sweetness in success. There's no understanding of it.;Glenn Beck;success
In most things success depends on knowing how long it takes to succeed.;Charles de Montesquieu;success
Islam is a religion of success. Unlike Christianity, which has as its main image, in the west at least, a man dying in a devastating, disgraceful, helpless death.;Karen Armstrong;success
We moved into the back, made it into a little 50s sitting room and started to sell the records. We had an immediate success. For one thing, these Teddy Boys were thrilled to buy the records.;Vivienne Westwood;success
I don't think success is harmful, as so many people say. Rather, I believe it indispensable to talent, if for nothing else than to increase the talent.;Jeanne Moreau;success
Obama is capable - as evidenced by his first-term success with health care reform. But mandate-building requires humility, a trait not easily associated with him.;Ron Fournier;success
I always think, when there's stuff that people don't like, I always say that if I have another success, I'll enjoy it more, but you don't really.;Danny Boyle;success
I think that the reason for my success is that I am really not aspirational. I am inspirational in that the people at home feel like they can really relate to me.;Rosie O'Donnell;success
American inventiveness and the desire to build developed because we were guaranteed the right to own our success.;Rand Paul;success
Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success.;Christopher Lasch;success
It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.;Max Planck;success
Success isn't everything but it makes a man stand straight.;Lillian Hellman;success
There's more to life than success, and if you can try to be more well-rounded, you'll be able to enjoy your success more. It won't own you or control you.;Ricky Williams;success
In New York, everyone's desperate for success, desperate for money and desperate to be accepted, but in London they're more laid back about things like that.;David Bailey;success
Success is always something completely different to people. I feel like I've succeeded, if I'm doing something that makes me happy and I'm not lying to anybody. I'm not doing that now, so I feel really good about myself.;Kristen Stewart;success
This weird thing happens when you're in a movie that has some level of success. People start offering you all kinds of things, and they just expect you to do them because they'll be good for your career. It's not about the project's integrity or anything like that.;Kristen Stewart;success
One measure of your success will be the degree to which you build up others who work with you. While building up others, you will build up yourself.;James E. Casey;success
Money does not guarantee success.;Jose Mourinho;success
All those who are around me are the bridge to my success, so they are all important.;Manny Pacquiao;success
For an actress to be a success, she must have the face of a Venus, the brains of a Minerva, the grace of Terpsichore, the memory of a MaCaulay, the figure of Juno, and the hide of a rhinoceros.;Ethel Barrymore;success
The art of effective listening is essential to clear communication, and clear communication is necessary to management success.;James Cash Penney;success
The most absurd and reckless aspirations have sometimes led to extraordinary success.;Luc de Clapiers;success
The best revenge in the world is success.;Suge Knight;success
An entrepreneur assumes the risk and is dedicated and committed to the success of whatever he or she undertakes.;Victor Kiam;success
Entrepreneurs are risk takers, willing to roll the dice with their money or reputation on the line in support of an idea or enterprise. They willingly assume responsibility for the success or failure of a venture and are answerable for all its facets.;Victor Kiam;success
Do business managers have a commitment to anything more than the success of their company and to making money? It would be hard to say that they do. Indeed, many business leaders deny that there is any conflict between self-interest and the interests of all.;Peter Singer;success
Eventually, with success, I started to feel more and more isolated - like I didn't have a community of artists.;Joni Mitchell;success
When you grow up in the music industry, trying to be Britney Spears because that's what sells records and then you realize, 'All I have to do is be myself? I should have thought of that a long time ago,' it feels good to have success come from what's actually inside of you.;Jessica Simpson;success
I'm sure not afraid of success and I've learned not to be afraid of failure. The only thing I'm afraid of now is of being someone I don't like much.;Anna Quindlen;success
I was very clear that I wanted to keep 'Thor' out of the rest of the Marvel universe for no less than the first six issues. And the success of the book, I think, speaks well to that decision.;J. Michael Straczynski;success
Liberals tend to put the onus of your success on society and conservatives on you and your family.;Dennis Prager;success
I planned my success. I knew it was going to happen.;Erykah Badu;success
I've learned that success comes in a very prickly package. Whether you choose to accept it or not is up to you.;Sandra Bullock;success
Success and the art of making music are two different things for me.;Norah Jones;success
With everything that is complex, we learn. If you don't learn, then it's an utter and abject failure. If you do learn, and you're able to apply that to the next situation, then you take away a measure of success.;Benjamin Carson;success
Education is a fundamental principle of what made America a success. We can't afford to throw any young people away.;Benjamin Carson;success
I am not fighting for success, just to get more beauty out of myself and share it with more people.;Ben Okri;success
People think your success is just a matter of having a pretty face. But it's easy to be chewed up and spat out. You've got to stay ahead of the game to be able to stay in it.;Kate Moss;success
To do a common thing uncommonly well brings success.;Henry J. Heinz;success
The only question to ask yourself is, how much are you willing to sacrifice to achieve this success?;Larry Flynt;success
