I'm mostly a novelist these days, but I have written short stories in Fantasy, Science Fiction and horror.;Sarah Zettel;science
It is often said that science must avoid any conclusions which smack of the supernatural.;Michael Behe;science
Global Warming: It is a hoax. It is bad science. It is high-jacking public policy. It is the greatest scam in history.;John Coleman;science
It was a shock to people of the nineteenth century when they discovered, from observations science had made, that many features of the biological world could be ascribed to the elegant principle of natural selection.;Michael Behe;science
I'm not a great science fiction fan myself. I probably feel that way about Westerns. Like I used to play Cowboys and Indians, they can act out Will and the Robot.;Mark Goddard;science
Science is not a game in which arbitrary rules are used to decide what explanations are to be permitted.;Michael Behe;science
The theory of undirected evolution is already dead, but the work of science continues.;Michael Behe;science
Science is a self-sufficient activity.;Jonathan Miller;science
The thing about science is that it's an accurate picture of the world.;Jonathan Miller;science
In praising science, it does not follow that we must adopt the very poor philosophies which scientific men have constructed. In philosophy they have much more to learn than to teach.;Dean Inge;science
There's no doubt that scientific training helps many authors to write better science fiction. And yet, several of the very best were English majors who could not parse a differential equation to save their lives.;David Brin;science
Predicting has a spotty record in science fiction. I've had some failures. On the other hand, I also predicted the fall of the Berlin Wall and the rise of fundamentalist Islam... and I'm not happy to be right in all of those cases.;David Brin;science
Change is the principal feature of our age and literature should explore how people deal with it. The best science fiction does that, head-on.;David Brin;science
But honestly, if you do a rigorous survey of my work, I'll bet you'll find that biology is a theme far more often than physical science.;David Brin;science
One of the first rules of science is if somebody delivers a secret weapon to you, you better use it.;Herbert Simon;science
The proper study of mankind is the science of design.;Herbert Simon;science
Carl took on the military-industrial complex. He campaigned around the world for an end to the production of weapons of mass destruction. To him it was a perversion of science.;Ann Druyan;science
Questions have arisen about the policing of science. Who is responsible for the policing? My answer is: all of us.;Serge Lang;science
Modern science, then, so far from being an enemy of romance, is seen on every hand to be its sympathetic and resourceful friend, its swift and irresistible helper in its serious need, and an indulgent minister to its lighter fancies.;Richard Le Gallienne;science
We need to tap the resource of current and retiring science and math professionals that have both content mastery and the practical experience to serve as effective teachers.;Cathy McMorris;science
Today, over half of China's undergraduate degrees are in math, science technology and engineering, yet only 16 percent of America's undergraduates pursue these schools.;Cathy McMorris;science
Math and science fields are not the only areas where we see the United States lagging behind. Less than 1 percent of American high school students study the critical foreign languages of Arabic, Chinese, Japanese, Korean or Russian, combined.;Cathy McMorris;science
I don't read other science fiction. I don't read any at all.;Jack Vance;science
But Roy Rockwood, it was science fiction for the sake of science fiction.;Jack Vance;science
We must be willing to pay inspiring math and science teachers, who have high paying alternatives in industry, more to teach and reward students who take more challenging courses in high school.;Mark Kennedy;science
With science fiction I think we are preparing ourselves for contact with them, whoever they may be.;Dwight Schultz;science
The Old Testament is my favourite science fantasy reading.;Tom Baker;science
Fashion is the science of appearances, and it inspires one with the desire to seem rather than to be.;Edwin Hubbel Chapin;science
I dig science fiction, though it was never really my thing.;Yancy Butler;science
Research and development needs permanent tax credits to build the technology that spurs our growth. But no government programs alone can get America's students to study more science and math parents must push and help their children to meet this goal.;Ernest Istook;science
In Europe art has to a large degree taken the place of religion. In America it seems rather to be science.;Johan Huizinga;science
I had never seen much of Star Trek, or any other science fiction, before I was cast. But Seven's wonderful.;Jeri Ryan;science
But man has still another powerful resource: natural science with its strictly objective methods.;Ivan Pavlov;science
Sound science must be a basis to governing our trade relations around the globe.;Bill Frist;science
On the other hand, the waging of peace as a science, as an art, is in its infancy. But we can trace its growth, its steady progress, and the time will come when there will be particular individuals designated to assume responsibility for and leadership of this movement.;Fredrik Bajer;science
I have been a reader of Science Fiction and Fantasy for a long time, since I was 11 or 12 I think, so I understand it and I'm not at all surprised that readers of the genre might enjoy my books.;Jean M. Auel;science
We have long possessed the art of war and the science of war, which have been evolved in the minutest detail.;Fredrik Bajer;science
Of the two, I would think of my work as closer to Science Fiction than Fantasy.;Jean M. Auel;science
Brian and I were both science students. You know science sort of math and physics side, you know.;John Deacon;science
Science Fiction is not just about the future of space ships travelling to other planets, it is fiction based on science and I am using science as my basis for my fiction, but it's the science of prehistory - palaeontology and archaeology - rather than astronomy or physics.;Jean M. Auel;science
Every science is a profane restatement of the preceding dogmas of the religious period.;Francis Parker Yockey;science
I have heard Science Fiction and Fantasy referred to as the fiction of ideas, and I like that definition, but it's the mainstream public that chooses my books for the most part.;Jean M. Auel;science
I quite enjoy science fiction.;Lexa Doig;science
My fiction is reviewed by the mainstream press, by science fiction periodicals, romance magazines, small press publications and various other journals, including some usually devoted to archaeological and other science material.;Jean M. Auel;science
There's a big overlap with the people you meet at the fantasy and science fiction cons.;Fred Saberhagen;science
I could write historical fiction, or science fiction, or a mystery but since I find it fascinating to research the clues of some little know period and develop a story based on that, I will probably continue to do it.;Jean M. Auel;science
I finally decided one day, reading science fiction magazines of the time, I could do at least as well as some of these people are doing. So I finally made a serious effort.;Fred Saberhagen;science
I love having my hands in the dirt. It is never a science and always an art. There are no rules. And if it comes down to me versus that weed I'm trying to pull out of the ground that doesn't want to come out? I know I'll win.;Matthew McConaughey;science
The Geezer album, Black Science, had a lot of keyboards and it did not work.;Geezer Butler;science
I like to browse in occult bookshops if for no other reason than to refresh my commitment to science.;Heinz R. Pagels;science
Even in our day, science suspects beyond the Polar seas, at the very circle of the Arctic Pole, the existence of a sea which never freezes and a continent which is ever green.;H. P. Blavatsky;science
When I did 'Battlestar Galactica' it was the first time I really understood science fiction. That was a very political drama, but set in spaceships so people didn't really take it seriously. But some really fascinating things were explored in that.;Michelle Forbes;science
Science consists exactly of those forms of knowledge that can be verified and duplicated by anybody.;Seth Lloyd;science
Of course, not everybody's willing to go out and do the experiments, but for the people who are willing to go out and do that, - if the experiments don't work, then it means it's not science.;Seth Lloyd;science
Instead of having to be a member of the Royal Society to do science, the way you had to be in England in the 17th, 18th, centuries today pretty much anybody who wants to do it can, and the information that they need to do it is there.;Seth Lloyd;science
In this time of budget cuts, we cannot forget that basic science is a building block for scientific innovation and economic growth in the information age.;Tim Bishop;science
Nevertheless, as is a frequent occurrence in science, a general hypothesis was constructed from a few specific instances of a phenomenon.;Sidney Altman;science
When I was a kid, I loved 'The Curse of Frankenstein,' 'The Creeping Unknown,' 'X: The Unknown.' I love 'Forbidden Planet,' 'The Thing from Another World.' They were science fiction/horror movies, generally.;John Carpenter;science
Fracking is doable if there's full disclosure of all chemicals used. Secondly, science dictates the policy rather than politics. Third, there's collaboration between environmental groups and the natural gas industry.;Bill Richardson;science
That the way to achieve higher standards of living for all is through science and technology, taking advantage of better tools, methods and organization.;Charles E. Wilson;science
1988 I also received from the city of Vienna the cross of honour for art and science. These titles and the various honors mean a great deal to me, most of all for the reason that they would mean a great deal to my parents too.;Leon Askin;science
I think Junior is certainly a science fiction premise as is Twins, as is Dave, beyond Ghostbusters.;Ivan Reitman;science
I'd always been a science fiction enthusiast.;Ivan Reitman;science
I've always been a fan of science fiction films, and I've never been able to put my particular spin on it.;Ivan Reitman;science
Galileo was no idiot. Only an idiot could believe that science requires martyrdom - that may be necessary in religion, but in time a scientific result will establish itself.;David Hilbert;science
How thoroughly it is ingrained in mathematical science that every real advance goes hand in hand with the invention of sharper tools and simpler methods which, at the same time, assist in understanding earlier theories and in casting aside some more complicated developments.;David Hilbert;science
The further a mathematical theory is developed, the more harmoniously and uniformly does its construction proceed, and unsuspected relations are disclosed between hitherto separated branches of the science.;David Hilbert;science
Mathematical science is in my opinion an indivisible whole, an organism whose vitality is conditioned upon the connection of its parts.;David Hilbert;science
I read Popular Mechanics, Popular Science, Reader's Digest... I read some responsible journalism, and from that, I form my own opinions. I also happen to be intelligent, and I question everything.;Gary Coleman;science
I'd always wanted the show to be more reality based science fiction, something along the lines of The Day the Earth Stood Still, which I consider to be the classic science fiction film.;Gil Gerard;science
Math is sometimes called the science of patterns.;Ronald Graham;science
I felt that chess... is a science in the form of a game... I consider myself a scientist. I wanted to be treated like a scientist.;Bobby Fischer;science
I believe that science fiction is as profound as you want it to be or it can be very simple entertainment, and I'm all for very simple entertainment. Every now and then we all need to come home, veg-out, watch something and not think too deeply about it. It's what you want it to be. We tend to steer clear of being pedantic it's entertainment first, otherwise we'd be on a lecture circuit.;Joe Flanigan;science
It does not just happen. It is disclosed by science that practically one-half of trained intellectual resources are being mobilized for murderous purposes.;Alva Myrdal;science
There are so many stories to tell in the worlds of science fiction, the worlds of fantasy and horror that to confine yourself to even doing historical revisionist fiction, whatever you want to call it - mash-ups, gimmick lit, absurdist fiction - I don't know if I want to do that anymore.;Seth Grahame-Smith;science
We in science are spoiled by the success of mathematics. Mathematics is the study of problems so simple that they have good solutions.;Whitfield Diffie;science
If you publish a scientific paper it is very hard to start a nationwide debate about something. If you do this in a movie, you can start a debate. We like to create a bridge between those two worlds - film and science.;Jose Padilha;science
So one reason the science educators panic at the first sign of public rebellion is that they fear exposure of the implicit religious content in what they are teaching.;Phillip E. Johnson;science
As it turns out, what looks like science sometimes is not.;Jose Padilha;science
Some theists in evolutionary science acquiesce to these tacit rules and retain a personal faith while accepting a thoroughly naturalistic picture of physical reality.;Phillip E. Johnson;science
Science is based on the possibility of objectivity, on the possibility of different people checking out for themselves the observations made by others. Without that possibility, there is no empirical principle capable of deciding between different arguments and theories.;Jose Padilha;science
In short, it is not that evolutionary naturalists have been less brazen than the scientific creationists in holding science hostage, but rather that they have been infinitely more effective in getting away with it.;Phillip E. Johnson;science
Science by itself has no moral dimension. But it does seek to establish truth. And upon this truth morality can be built.;William Masters;science
No doubt it is true that science cannot study God, but it hardly follows that God had to keep a safe distance from everything that scientists want to study.;Phillip E. Johnson;science
The assumption that nature is all there is, and that nature has been governed by the same rules at all times and places, makes it possible for natural science to be confident that it can explain such things as how life began.;Phillip E. Johnson;science
If modernist naturalism were true, there would be no objective truth outside of science. In that case right and wrong would be a matter of cultural preference, or political power, and the power already available to modernists ideologies would be overwhelming.;Phillip E. Johnson;science
The problem with allowing God a role in the history of life is not that science would cease, but rather that scientists would have to acknowledge the existence of something important which is outside the boundaries of natural science.;Phillip E. Johnson;science
The monopoly of science in the realm of knowledge explains why evolutionary biologists do not find it meaningful to address the question whether the Darwinian theory is true.;Phillip E. Johnson;science
Since coming to Congress, I have been advocating for increased resources for research in the physical sciences and for the Department of Energy Office of Science in particular.;Judy Biggert;science
As the Nation's primary supporter of research in the physical sciences, the DOE Office of Science led the way in creating a unique system of large-scale, specialized, often one-of-a-kind facilities for scientific discovery.;Judy Biggert;science
I meant exactly what I said: that we are saddled with a culture that hasn't advanced as far as science.;Michelangelo Antonioni;science
Scientific prayer makes God a celestial lab rat, leading to bad science and worse religion.;Michael Shermer;science
But there is only one surefire method of proper pattern recognition, and that is science.;Michael Shermer;science
Anecdotal thinking comes naturally science requires training.;Michael Shermer;science
We know evolution happened because innumerable bits of data from myriad fields of science conjoin to paint a rich portrait of life's pilgrimage.;Michael Shermer;science
But the power of science lies in open publication, which, with the rise of the Internet, is no longer constrained by the price of paper.;Michael Shermer;science
Rocket science has been mythologized all out of proportion to its true difficulty.;John Carmack;science
There are relatively few science fiction or fantasy books with the main character being an old person.;Elizabeth Moon;science
I dislike literary jargon and never use it. Criticism has only one function and that is to help readers read and understand literature. It is not a science, it is an aid to art.;Anne Stevenson;science
