Politics swings like a pendulum.;Ed Gillespie;politics
I think Karl Rove saw that in George W. Bush early on and understood the impact that he could have on Texas politics and probably on national politics.;Ed Gillespie;politics
My mother's studies stopped with the third year of primary school, my father with the first. They taught me a deep sense of duty. But nobody was involved in politics in my family.;Emma Bonino;politics
I was on leave from local and regional politics, as long as I was a Minister.;Emma Bonino;politics
In politics the choice is constantly between two evils.;John Morley;politics
Politics is a field where the choice lies constantly between two blunders.;John Morley;politics
Money has too big an influence on our politics in Washington and somehow we need to do something about that.;James Hansen;politics
There was a widespread indignation in the American media. They were saying, 'How can you make a movie during an election that's about politics? What are you doing? Are you trying to influence people's lives?' To which my response was, 'Well, I hope so.';John Sayles;politics
In politics, madame, you need two things: friends, but above all an enemy.;Brian Mulroney;politics
Truth is I don't think God on a daily basis. I think politics, science.;Peter Mullan;politics
Every person has only so much attention to give, and politics and government takes up only a fraction of what it did 25 years ago.;Robert Teeter;politics
For us, sons of France, political sentiment is a passion while, for the Englishmen, politics are a question of business.;Wilfrid Laurier;politics
Chicago is known for good steaks, expensive stores and beautiful architecture. Unfortunately, the Windy City also enjoys a reputation for corrupt politics, violent crime, and some of the strictest gun control laws anywhere in the country.;Bob Barr;politics
It is the desire of the good people of the whole country that sectionalism as a factor in our politics should disappear...';Rutherford B. Hayes;politics
Living in Washington, you can't take politics too seriously. I draw the line at honesty. I have no time for political hacks who say things they don't believe because they get paid to.;Tucker Carlson;politics
Well, I think any time you delve into this sort of religion, politics, as you well know, you're going to, you know, touch a few nerves. I wasn't - now - and this is the honest truth.;Mel Gibson;politics
I think he was absolutely right not to go to UN last week... First things first - that is, values and people here in their local communities, and remembering all politics is local, and trusting people more.;Patricia Hewitt;politics
We must remember that politics is more than a power game. The core of politics in my view is to serve our citizens, to serve our fellow human beings.;Kjell Magne Bondevik;politics
I am involved with politics today because of the inspiration I received from Ronald Reagan.;Michael K. Simpson;politics
As I became very defined in my personal politics, I turned down some films that I slightly regret now I'm not going to say what they were.;Julie Christie;politics
We're seeing quite a lot of people who really would like a return to class-based politics.;Patricia Hewitt;politics
I don't find music being less important than, like, politics.;Kurt Loder;politics
In ancient Greece, politics and the market were not decoupled.;George Papandreou;politics
Money in politics is a huge issue.;Russ Feingold;politics
I have always said I will be in politics to serve as best as I can and it will take me wherever it will take me.;George Papandreou;politics
'Yes' is a far more potent word than 'no' in American politics. By adopting the positions which animate the political agenda for the other side, one can disarm them and leave them sputtering with nothing to say.;Dick Morris;politics
I believe in incentivizing people. If you can incentivize people in anything, whether it's in politics in life in spirituality in business just take care of folks. Incentivize them and all of a sudden it's amazing the difference that you'll see.;Zachary Levi;politics
If Greece had gone through a very normal political life, I may have not been in politics. But just the fact that I lived through huge upheavals and very difficult struggles and polarization and the barbarism of dictatorships - that made me feel that we had to change this country.;George Papandreou;politics
People meet in bars after work all over the world and talk about the great problems of life and death and the world and politics and they don't take themselves seriously. They can do nothing else except chat about these things in bars after work.;Whitfield Diffie;politics
Spontaneous combustion of grassroots politics is the future.;Dick Morris;politics
There is this concept of politics as a dirty game. It's a difficult game, but it doesn't have to be dirty. I think this is what we need to bring to politics. I think politics around the world has very often been captured by big interests - 'lobbies' they call them in the States.;George Papandreou;politics
This idea that a book can either be about character and feeling, or about politics and idea, is just a false binary. Ideas are an expression of the feelings and the intense emotions we hold about the world.;Richard Powers;politics
Most people get their politics, obviously, from TV shows about senators or movies about them or... all the day-to-day press and the talk shows.;Judd Gregg;politics
I call it people-to-people politics and that's what politics should be about, reaching out and helping one another and touching one another about what we're going to do.;Sonny Perdue;politics
Politics was my third act. But I could have a fourth. I don't know what that will be yet, but there will be one.;Gary Ackerman;politics
First, take the government of the Indians out of politics second, let the laws of the Indians be the same as those of the whites third, give the Indian the ballot.;George Crook;politics
We mistake politics for legislative debate. You can be passionate without being personal.;Richard Dreyfuss;politics
The difference between the men and the boys in politics is, and always has been, that the boys want to be something, while the men want to do something.;Eric Sevareid;politics
On the mountains mistakes are fatal. In politics, mistakes are wounding emotionally, but you recover. Personally, wilderness helps me get back in touch with natural rhythms, helps me reflect and, in the process, restore my creativity.;Mark Udall;politics
The only politics in this country that's relevant to black people today is the politics of revolution... none other.;H. Rap Brown;politics
The gift of fantasy has meant more to me than my talent for absorbing positive knowledge.;Albert Einstein;positive
I do believe we're all connected. I do believe in positive energy. I do believe in the power of prayer. I do believe in putting good out into the world. And I believe in taking care of each other.;Harvey Fierstein;positive
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.;Willie Nelson;positive
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.;Zig Ziglar;positive
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. I'm positive that a doer makes mistakes.;John Wooden;positive
Few things in the world are more powerful than a positive push. A smile. A world of optimism and hope. A 'you can do it' when things are tough.;Richard M. DeVos;positive
Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation.;Michael Jordan;positive
In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision.;Dalai Lama;positive
No matter what you're going through, there's a light at the end of the tunnel and it may seem hard to get to it but you can do it and just keep working towards it and you'll find the positive side of things.;Demi Lovato;positive
You've done it before and you can do it now. See the positive possibilities. Redirect the substantial energy of your frustration and turn it into positive, effective, unstoppable determination.;Ralph Marston;positive
Like success, failure is many things to many people. With Positive Mental Attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again.;W. Clement Stone;positive
It takes but one positive thought when given a chance to survive and thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts.;Robert H. Schuller;positive
If you have a positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges.;Pat Riley;positive
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.;Elbert Hubbard;positive
I believe in Karma. If the good is sown, the good is collected. When positive things are made, that returns well.;Yannick Noah;positive
You learn far more from negative leadership than from positive leadership. Because you learn how not to do it. And, therefore, you learn how to do it.;Norman Schwarzkopf;positive
But I have found that in the simple act of living with hope, and in the daily effort to have a positive impact in the world, the days I do have are made all the more meaningful and precious. And for that I am grateful.;Elizabeth Edwards;positive
People deal too much with the negative, with what is wrong. Why not try and see positive things, to just touch those things and make them bloom?;Nhat Hanh;positive
Positive feelings come from being honest about yourself and accepting your personality, and physical characteristics, warts and all and, from belonging to a family that accepts you without question.;Willard Scott;positive
There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. That little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative.;Robert Collier;positive
A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do.;Chuck Norris;positive
Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event.;Brian Tracy;positive
You can't make positive choices for the rest of your life without an environment that makes those choices easy, natural, and enjoyable.;Deepak Chopra;positive
I believe in karma, and I believe if you put out positive vibes to everybody, that's all you're going to get back.;Kesha;positive
You must not under any pretense allow your mind to dwell on any thought that is not positive, constructive, optimistic, kind.;Emmet Fox;positive
When you are enthusiastic about what you do, you feel this positive energy. It's very simple.;Paulo Coelho;positive
I surround myself with positive, productive people of good will and decency.;Ted Nugent;positive
Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you.;Les Brown;positive
I've always believed that you can think positive just as well as you can think negative.;James A. Baldwin;positive
If you are given a chance to be a role model, I think you should always take it because you can influence a person's life in a positive light, and that's what I want to do. That's what it's all about.;Tiger Woods;positive
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success.;Joyce Brothers;positive
Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. It's the best part of the day.;George Allen, Sr.;positive
I think a lot of times we don't pay enough attention to people with a positive attitude because we assume they are naive or stupid or unschooled.;Amy Adams;positive
I feel that sin and evil are the negative part of you, and I think it's like a battery: you've got to have the negative and the positive in order to be a complete person.;Dolly Parton;positive
That's my gift. I let that negativity roll off me like water off a duck's back. If it's not positive, I didn't hear it. If you can overcome that, fights are easy.;George Foreman;positive
I'm looking forward to influencing others in a positive way. My message is you can do anything if you just put your mind to it.;Justin Bieber;positive
Chaotic people often have chaotic lives, and I think they create that. But if you try and have an inner peace and a positive attitude, I think you attract that.;Imelda Staunton;positive
Satisfaction consists in freedom from pain, which is the positive element of life.;Arthur Schopenhauer;positive
The most positive men are the most credulous.;Alexander Pope;positive
God never ends anything on a negative God always ends on a positive.;Edwin Louis Cole;positive
Look at people for an example, but then make sure to do things your way. Surround yourself with positive people.;Queen Latifah;positive
You have to listen to the people who have a negative opinion as well as those who have positive opinion. Just to make sure that you are blending all these opinions in your mind before a decision is made.;Carlos Ghosn;positive
The thing that lies at the foundation of positive change, the way I see it, is service to a fellow human being.;Lee Iacocca;positive
I was blessed with certain gifts and talents and God gave them to me to be the best person I can be and to have a positive impact on other people.;Bryan Clay;positive
Talking is always positive. That's why I talk too much.;Louis C. K.;positive
Where men of judgment creep and feel their way, The positive pronounce without dismay.;William Cowper;positive
Delete the negative accentuate the positive!;Donna Karan;positive
Instead of hating, I have chosen to forgive and spend all of my positive energy on changing the world.;Camryn Manheim;positive
Sometimes the most positive thing you can be in a boring society is absolutely negative.;Johnny Rotten;positive
So there was a fire inside me. And that fire inside you, it can be turned into a negative form or a positive form. And I gradually realised that I had this fire and that it had to be used in a positive way.;John Newcombe;positive
So long as you've got your friends about you, and a good positive attitude, you don't really have to care what everyone else thinks.;Gail Porter;positive
The way positive reinforcement is carried out is more important than the amount.;B. F. Skinner;positive
The learner always begins by finding fault, but the scholar sees the positive merit in everything.;Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel;positive
I'm taking all the negatives in my life, and turning them into a positive.;Pitbull;positive
A year or so ago I went through all the people in my life and asked myself: does this person inspire me, genuinely love me and support me unconditionally? I wanted nothing but positive influences in my life.;Mena Suvari;positive
I was determined to share my positive approach and not let diabetes stand in the way of enjoying my life.;Paula Deen;positive
You shall always find what you created in your mind, for instance, a benevolent God or an evil Devil. Between them are countless facets. Therefore, concentrate on the depth of your consciousness and on what you consider to be positive and good.;Hans Bender;positive
I believe that you should gravitate to people who are doing productive and positive things with their lives.;Nadia Comaneci;positive
I'm totally into new age and self-help books. I used to work in a bookstore and that's the section they gave me, and I got way into it. I just loved the power of positive thinking, letting yourself go.;Jason Mraz;positive
