The war on terror, if this is a war on terror, can only be won by a sincere regional and international cooperation. All have to believe they have something at stake and work together. In the absence of this it will become political and interest-oriented.;Hamid Karzai;war
In a war of ideas it is people who get killed.;Stanislaw Lec;war
In a world of inhumanity, war and terrorism, American citizenship is a very precious possession.;Phyllis Schlafly;war
All Americans and freedom-loving people around the world owe President Reagan our deepest gratitude for his strong, principled leadership that ended the Cold War and brought freedom to millions of people.;Jim Ramstad;war
World War II had a very important impact on the development of technology, as a whole.;Barry Commoner;war
Killing is the payoff of war.;Morley Safer;war
So instead of talking about theoretical ways of ending the war and violence, I say that we have to get rid of the individual asholes in each office and situation.;Colin Quinn;war
After the atomic bombs were dropped, the war ended and we went into Tokyo Bay with the rest of the fleet, the Missouri and the rest of them, while they signed the terms of surrender that ended the war.;Barney Ross;war
That sense of what happened in Europe in World War II has shaped a lot of my views.;Paul Wolfowitz;war
Well, I've been reading a lot about the fifty years since the Second World War, about Western foreign policy and all that. I try not to let it get to me, but sometimes I just think that there's no hope.;Thom Yorke;war
We did not go to war in Afghanistan or in Iraq to, quote, 'impose democracy.' We went to war in both places because we saw those regimes as a threat to the United States.;Paul Wolfowitz;war
You can use your means in a good and bad way. In German-speaking art, we had such a bad experience with the Third Reich, when stories and images were used to tell lies. After the war, literature was careful not to do the same, which is why writers began to reflect on the stories they told and to make readers part of their texts. I do the same.;Michael Haneke;war
I mean, we're going to probably debate the Iraq war for at least as long as I'm alive.;Paul Wolfowitz;war
And if there was one title that could be applied to all my films, it would be 'Civil War' - not civil war in the way we know it, but the daily war that goes on between us all.;Michael Haneke;war
The whole point of being in the Army is wanting to get killed, wanting to test yourself to the limits. Now you have to fly 15,000ft above the war zone to avoid getting hit. I don't think there is any point in having wars if that's how you're going to behave. It's pathetic. All this whining!;Rupert Everett;war
One of the things that ultimately led me to leave mathematics and go into political science was thinking I could prevent nuclear war.;Paul Wolfowitz;war
You cannot be politically correct in a war.;Rupert Everett;war
I think war is based in greed and there are huge karmic retributions that will follow. I think war is never the answer to solving any problems. The best way to solve problems is to not have enemies.;Sheryl Crow;war
We're fighting an enemy that is far different than any we have got before. It's a nontraditional kind of war, and I think we need to step back, recalibrate how we go about protecting our borders and protecting our people, and resetting our position in the world.;Jon Huntsman, Jr.;war
War is fear cloaked in courage.;William Westmoreland;war
I will not attempt to deny the reasonableness and necessity of a party war but in carrying on that war all principles and rules of justice should not be departed from.;Robert Walpole;war
My mother lived in Holland, and during World War II was incarcerated in a Japanese camp for three years.;Jane Seymour;war
No, I chose the name Jane Seymour because I was doing my first film, 'Ode to Lovely War,' and one of the top agents in England spotted me dancing in the chorus. I was a singer and dancer in that movie with Maggie Smith, um, and he told me he couldn't sell me as Joyce Penelope Willomena Frankenburger.;Jane Seymour;war
I had two family members involved in World War I: two great-uncles. One of them is on a memorial in France. And the other was a trench runner who survived the war. The average life span of a trench runner was 36 hours, but he survived the whole war.;Ben Barnes;war
I had seen people who had lost everything and everyone they loved to war, famine, and natural disasters.;Chelsea Clinton;war
All truly historical peoples have an idea they must realize, and when they have sufficiently exploited it at home, they export it, in a certain way, by war they make it tour the world.;Victor Cousin;war
No one has the right to ignite a war and lead an occupation and armies to conquer people, invading them and make them suffer all kinds of torture, murder, expulsion, displacement, bombing and terrorism by different lethal prohibited weapons and then come and speak as the savior of the people or a defender of their rights.;Muqtada al Sadr;war
In time of peace prepare for war.;Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus;war
Never advise anyone to go to war or to get married. Write down the advice of him who loves you, though you like it not at present. He that has no children brings them up well.;Germaine Greer;war
World War II has always been of great interest to me. I've known for decades that it was just one more war the politicians suckered us into.;Harry Browne;war
The real theater of the sex war is the domestic hearth.;Germaine Greer;war
I'm old enough to remember the end of World War II. On Aug. 14, 1946, a year after the Japanese were defeated, most newspapers and magazines had single articles commemorating the end of the war.;Harry Browne;war
I found that I was getting a warm reception for my message of freeing you from the income tax, releasing you from Social Security, ending the insane war on drugs, restoring gun rights, and reducing the federal government to just its constitutional functions.;Harry Browne;war
My point was that the war was intrinsically wrong, and as a result of our participation we haven't improved Australia's security but created a greater danger at home and abroad.;Bob Hawke;war
I'm against all war.;Puff Daddy;war
Bush's war in Iraq has done untold damage to the United States. It has impaired our military power and undermined the morale of our armed forces. Our troops were trained to project overwhelming power. They were not trained for occupation duties.;George Soros;war
I'm actually reading 'World War Z' again! It's incredibly realistic and it's written as an oral history through interviews with different characters. Max Brooks wrote this book in so many different voices. There are about forty or so. It's incredible. When I finish 'World War Z' I'm going to go back and start again on the 'Game of Thrones' series.;Nathan Fillion;war
In reality, Republicans have long been at war with clean energy. They have ridiculed investments in solar and wind power, bashed energy-efficiency standards, attacked state moves to promote renewable energy and championed laws that would enshrine taxpayer subsidies for fossil fuels while stripping them from wind and solar.;Jeff Goodell;war
There is a question for which we will never know the answer: had the U.S. not launched the Contra war to overthrow the Sandinista government, would they have succeeded in bringing socioeconomic justice to the people of Nicaragua?;Bianca Jagger;war
Maybe more climate activists will think about the climate change not as an international problem to be resolved in an air-conditioned meeting hall, but as a guerilla war to be fought in the streets.;Jeff Goodell;war
The Sandinista government became consumed with fighting a war of survival. They were up against the biggest superpower in the world.;Bianca Jagger;war
That's Anil's path. She grows up in Sri Lanka, goes and gets educated abroad, and through fate or chance gets brought back by the Human Rights Commission to investigate war crimes.;Michael Ondaatje;war
The British Red Cross asked me to help them spearhead a fundraising campaign for the victims of the war in Nicaragua. It was a turning point in my life. It began my commitment to justice and human rights issues.;Bianca Jagger;war
Music is a weapon in the war against unhappiness.;Jason Mraz;war
I have always been willing to admit when I made a mistake. I made a mistake in my understanding of the composition of the Contras, not on my opposition to the Contra war.;Bianca Jagger;war
How do you tell troops who volunteered to fight for our freedoms that the country they fought for won't take care of them when they come back? In the time of war our troops and their families are supposed to be our number one priority.;John Salazar;war
I am still profoundly troubled by the war in Nicaragua. The United States launched a covert war against another nation in violation of international law, a war that was wrong and immoral.;Bianca Jagger;war
And, of course, in the Philippines there were so many thousands of Americans that were captured by the Japanese and held and who were rescued by Filipino Americans, or Filipinos I should say, and by U.S. troops near the close of the war.;Dana Rohrabacher;war
There is nothing worth having that can he obtained by nuclear war - nothing material or ideological - no tradition that it can defend. It is utterly self-defeating.;George Wald;war
I think its man's nature to go to war and fight.;Talib Kweli;war
Howard Dean has been successful because he was clear in his opposition to the war. People appreciate a politician with the courage to say, I oppose this war.;Bianca Jagger;war
The concept of war crimes is an American invention.;George Wald;war
War is not civilized.;Talib Kweli;war
All War Departments are now Defense Departments. This is all part of the doubletalk of our time. The aggressor is always on the other side.;George Wald;war
The real act of marriage takes place in the heart, not in the ballroom or church or synagogue. It's a choice you make - not just on your wedding day, but over and over again - and that choice is reflected in the way you treat your husband or wife.;Barbara de Angelis;wedding
My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy if not, you'll become a philosopher.;Socrates;wedding
It's a funny thing that when a man hasn't anything on earth to worry about, he goes off and gets married.;Robert Frost;wedding
I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury.;Groucho Marx;wedding
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;wedding
Bride: A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.;Ambrose Bierce;wedding
A young bride is like a plucked flower but a guilty wife is like a flower that had been walked over.;Honore de Balzac;wedding
I am about to be married, and am of course in all the misery of a man in pursuit of happiness.;Lord Byron;wedding
I have great hopes that we shall love each other all our lives as much as if we had never married at all.;Lord Byron;wedding
Our dog died from licking our wedding picture.;Phyllis Diller;wedding
The chain of wedlock is so heavy that it takes two to carry it - and sometimes three.;Heraclitus;wedding
A woman seldom asks advice before she has bought her wedding clothes.;Joseph Addison;wedding
A bride at her second marriage does not wear a veil. She wants to see what she is getting.;Helen Rowland;wedding
In Hollywood, brides keep the bouquets and throw away the groom.;Groucho Marx;wedding
In my 50s I'll be dancing at my children's weddings.;Michael J. Fox;wedding
An invitation to a wedding invokes more trouble than a summons to a police court.;William Feather;wedding
A wedding is just like a funeral except that you get to smell your own flowers.;Grace Hansen;wedding
That is ever the way. 'Tis all jealousy to the bride and good wishes to the corpse.;James M. Barrie;wedding
I'd imagine my wedding as a fairy tale... huge, beautiful and white.;Paris Hilton;wedding
Women who marry early are often overly enamored of the kind of man who looks great in wedding pictures and passes the maid of honor his telephone number.;Anna Quindlen;wedding
The trouble with wedlock is that there's not enough wed and too much lock.;Christopher Morley;wedding
When the wedding march sounds the resolute approach, the clock no longer ticks, it tolls the hour. The figures in the aisle are no longer individuals, they symbolize the human race.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;wedding
Christmas carols always brought tears to my eyes. I also cry at weddings. I should have cried at a couple of my own.;Ethel Merman;wedding
I remember when I was in school, they would ask, 'What are you going to be when you grow up?' and then you'd have to draw a picture of it. I drew a picture of myself as a bride.;Gwen Stefani;wedding
A gloomy guest fits not a wedding feast.;Friedrich Schiller;wedding
When I design a wedding dress with a bustle, it has to be one the bride can dance in. I love the idea that something is practical and still looks great.;Vera Wang;wedding
Monica Seles: I'd hate to be next door to her on her wedding night.;Peter Ustinov;wedding
The press is just not your friend when it comes to a marriage. That's why we didn't sell the pictures of our wedding, and we got offered millions of dollars for them, millions.;Katy Perry;wedding
I think that weddings have probably been crashed since the beginning of time. Cavemen crashed them. You go to meet girls. It makes sense.;Christopher Walken;wedding
When it's over, I want to say: all my life I was a bride married to amazement. I was the bridegroom, taking the world into my arms.;Mary Oliver;wedding
I sang a song at my sister's wedding. My mother forced me into that, too. But that one felt all right.;Adam Sandler;wedding
Getting married, for me, was the best thing I ever did. I was suddenly beset with an immense sense of release, that we have something more important than our separate selves, and that is the marriage. There's immense happiness that can come from working towards that.;Nick Cave;wedding
When I decided to get married at 40, I couldn't find a dress with the modernity or sophistication I wanted. That's when I saw the opportunity for a wedding gown business.;Vera Wang;wedding
The first thing I did when I sold my book was buy a new wedding ring for my wife and asked her to marry me all over again.;Nicholas Sparks;wedding
The Wedding March always reminds me of the music played when soldiers go into battle.;Heinrich Heine;wedding
I chose my wife, as she did her wedding gown, for qualities that would wear well.;Oliver Goldsmith;wedding
In the '50s, a lot of girls never saw beyond the wedding day.;Helen Reddy;wedding
It was only literally hours after the wedding when he felt he didn't have to keep up the facade.;Trisha Goddard;wedding
I don't know nothing about no marriages or nothing. I ain't even never been to a wedding.;Mike Epps;wedding
Personally, I'm an advocate for short engagements. Long sometimes means there is a reason for it. Two years engaged and no wedding... I'd be upset.;Emily Blunt;wedding
A wedding is such a girl thing.;Selma Blair;wedding
No jealousy their dawn of love overcast, nor blasted were their wedded days with strife each season looked delightful as it past, to the fond husband and the faithful wife.;James Beattie;wedding
I really did put up all my wedding pictures on my website. And I swear to you, my wedding pictures got downloaded just as much as my bikini pictures.;Cindy Margolis;wedding
People always complain, 'you never invited me to your wedding', but I prefer casual weddings.;Sinead O'Connor;wedding
Never get married in the morning - you never know who you might meet that night.;Paul Hornung;wedding
