I believe in universal health care. And I am not afraid to say so.;Stephen Hawking;health
Medicine to produce health must examine disease and music, to create harmony must investigate discord.;Plutarch;health
A good job is more than just a paycheck. A good job fosters independence and discipline, and contributes to the health of the community. A good job is a means to provide for the health and welfare of your family, to own a home, and save for retirement.;James H. Douglas;health
Mental health needs a great deal of attention. It's the final taboo and it needs to be faced and dealt with.;Adam Ant;health
It contributes greatly towards a man's moral and intellectual health, to be brought into habits of companionship with individuals unlike himself, who care little for his pursuits, and whose sphere and abilities he must go out of himself to appreciate.;Nathaniel Hawthorne;health
Positive rights are the right to shelter, the right to education, the right to health care, the right to a living wage. These things are - these are, I would call them, more properly, political rights rather than positive rights. And they are extremely tricky, because now we are dealing with things that are zero sum.;P. J. O'Rourke;health
Modern medicine is a negation of health. It isn't organized to serve human health, but only itself, as an institution. It makes more people sick than it heals.;Ivan Illich;health
You get the health benefits of coffee up through about the first twenty-four ounces. It's the biggest source of antioxidants for Americans, and we think it helps prevent Alzheimer's and Parkinson's as well.;Mehmet Oz;health
Nobody likes insurance companies, especially health insurance companies.;P. J. O'Rourke;health
What some call health, if purchased by perpetual anxiety about diet, isn't much better than tedious disease.;Alexander Pope;health
There is a wisdom in this beyond the rules of physic: a man's own observation what he finds good of and what he finds hurt of is the best physic to preserve health.;Francis Bacon;health
After you're older, two things are possibly more important than any others: health and money.;Helen Gurley Brown;health
The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens.;Alexis de Tocqueville;health
I have not been that wise. Health I have taken for granted. Love I have demanded, perhaps too much and too often. As for money, I have only realized its true worth when I didn't have it.;Hedy Lamarr;health
You end up as you deserve. In old age you must put up with the face, the friends, the health, and the children you have earned.;Judith Viorst;health
Regularity in the hours of rising and retiring, perseverance in exercise, adaptation of dress to the variations of climate, simple and nutritious aliment, and temperance in all things are necessary branches of the regimen of health.;Lord Chesterfield;health
With any child entering adolescence, one hunts for signs of health, is desperate for the smallest indication that the child's problems will never be important enough for a television movie.;Nora Ephron;health
Health consists with temperance alone.;Alexander Pope;health
As women slowly gain power, their values and priorities are reshaping the agenda. A multitude of studies show that when women control the family funds, they generally spend more on health, nutrition, and education - and less on alcohol and cigarettes.;Dee Dee Myers;health
Self-esteem is as important to our well-being as legs are to a table. It is essential for physical and mental health and for happiness.;Louise Hart;health
I've never had very high regard for therapists. I owe my health, my mental survival, to my friends and loved ones.;Salman Rushdie;health
Folks, the most insidious part of this whole health care scheme is that all of these vast medical expenditures will become nothing more than government budget items. We individuals will no longer exist. The relationship between a government and citizen will change forever.;Rush Limbaugh;health
There's a lot of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it.;Josh Billings;health
America's health care system is neither healthy, caring, nor a system.;Walter Cronkite;health
Avoid lawsuits beyond all things they pervert your conscience, impair your health, and dissipate your property.;Jean de la Bruyere;health
Money is to my social existence what health is to my body.;Mason Cooley;health
At the end of the day, sleep is a barometer of your emotional health. And so if you're not in the right place where you need to be, then you're going to have voices keeping you up at night because you have to work through those issues.;Mehmet Oz;health
Religion is part of the human make-up. It's also part of our cultural and intellectual history. Religion was our first attempt at literature, the texts, our first attempt at cosmology, making sense of where we are in the universe, our first attempt at health care, believing in faith healing, our first attempt at philosophy.;Christopher Hitchens;health
The awareness that health is dependent upon habits that we control makes us the first generation in history that to a large extent determines its own destiny.;Jimmy Carter;health
Nurses serve their patients in the most important capacities. We know that they serve as our first lines of communication when something goes wrong or when we are concerned about health.;Lois Capps;health
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year.;Franklin P. Adams;health
Poverty is multidimensional. It extends beyond money incomes to education, health care, political participation and advancement of one's own culture and social organisation.;Atal Bihari Vajpayee;health
And I believe that the best buy in public health today must be a combination of regular physical exercise and a healthy diet.;Julie Bishop;health
I received free health care.;J. K. Rowling;health
Rising health care spending occurs because it is beneficial, not a burden on the economy.;Robert Hall;health
In societies where mature workers are respected and where their wisdom is respected, everybody benefits. Workers are more engaged and productive. Their health is better. They live longer.;Deepak Chopra;health
Did you know that nearly one in three children live apart from their biological dads? Those kids are two to three times more likely to grow up in poverty, to suffer in school, and to have health and behavioral problems.;Tony Dungy;health
See, that's why Barack's running: to end the war in Iraq responsibly - to build an economy that lifts every family, to make sure health care is available for every American - and to make sure that every child in this nation has a world-class education all the way from preschool to college.;Michelle Obama;health
When it comes to the health of our families, Barack refused to listen to all those folks who told him to leave health reform for another day, another president. He didn't care whether it was the easy thing to do politically - that's not how he was raised - he cared that it was the right thing to do.;Michelle Obama;health
Cynicism is humor in ill health.;H. G. Wells;health
Medicine sometimes snatches away health, sometimes gives it.;Ovid;health
A moderate addiction to money may not always be hurtful but when taken in excess it is nearly always bad for the health.;Clarence Day;health
Writing is hard work and bad for the health.;E. B. White;health
No company is preferable to bad. We are more apt to catch the vices of others than virtues, as disease is far more contagious than health.;Charles Caleb Colton;health
My age and health will never allow me to realize the dream of art I've been pursuing all my life.;Paul Cezanne;health
I figure if I have my health, can pay the rent and I have my friends, I call it 'content.';Lauren Bacall;health
It's bizarre that the produce manager is more important to my children's health than the pediatrician.;Meryl Streep;health
For sleep, riches and health to be truly enjoyed, they must be interrupted.;Jean Paul;health
Mental health is often missing from public health debates even though it's critical to wellbeing.;Diane Abbott;health
Exuberant health is always, as such, sickness also.;Theodor Adorno;health
One of the critical issues that we have to confront is illegal immigration, because this is a multi-headed Hydra that affects our economy, our health care, our health care, our education systems, our national security, and also our local criminality.;Allen West;health
There's nothing more important than our good health - that's our principal capital asset.;Arlen Specter;health
Quit worrying about your health. It will go away.;Robert Orben;health
We do not have a functioning market in the true sense of the word in health care. That's a layer of transparency that's sorely needed in America.;Paul Ryan;health
We are all representatives of the American people. We all do town hall meetings. We all talk to our constituents. And I've got to tell you, the American people are engaged. And if you think they want a government takeover of health care, I would respectfully submit you're not listening to them.;Paul Ryan;health
There is a consensus of willing leaders from both parties coalescing around the right way forward in health care. Reform should address government-imposed inequities and barriers to true choice and competition.;Paul Ryan;health
We must solve the problem in health care by curbing out-of-control costs that erode paychecks for working families and push quality coverage out of reach for millions of Americans.;Paul Ryan;health
So, in Europe, they're cutting people's retirement and health benefits. And that's what we want to avoid from happening. They're raising taxes, entering a recession. That's the kind of economic program that President Obama has put in place.;Paul Ryan;health
The president has declared that the debate over government-controlled health care is over. That will come as news to the millions of Americans who will elect Mitt Romney so we can repeal Obamacare.;Paul Ryan;health
According to the Privacy Rights Center, up to 10 million Americans are victims of ID theft each year. They have a right to be notified when their most sensitive health data is stolen.;Luis Gutierrez;health
Sobriety and health is the greatest thing.;Jeff Bridges;health
Health food makes me sick.;Calvin Trillin;health
Eating ice cream and not exercising is great. The downside is your health isn't so good.;Jeff Bridges;health
The fact is that we would have had comprehensive health care now, had it not been for Ted Kennedy's deliberately blocking the legislation that I proposed in 1978 or '79.;Jimmy Carter;health
I think all Americans believe in human rights. And health is an often overlooked aspect of basic human rights. And it's one that's easily corrected. The reason I say that is that many of the diseases that we treat around the world, I knew when I was a child. My mother was a registered nurse. And they no longer exist in our country.;Jimmy Carter;health
They said it was impossible to touch the third rail of politics, to take on public-sector unions and to reform a pension and health benefits system that was headed to bankruptcy. But with bipartisan leadership, we saved taxpayers $132 billion dollars over 30 years and saved retirees their pensions. We did it.;Chris Christie;health
My health is very good.;Barbara Bush;health
Health food may be good for the conscience but Oreos taste a hell of a lot better.;Robert Redford;health
A teacher must believe in the value and interest of his subject as a doctor believes in health.;Gilbert Highet;health
Hollywood is a cross between a health farm, a recreation center and an insane asylum. It's a company town, and I happen to like the company!;Michael Caine;health
I've been to enough other countries in the world to know what happens when you have socialized single-payer health care. It works. People don't get sick as much. They don't lose their life savings with a catastrophic illness like cancer or AIDS.;Jello Biafra;health
Adoptive parents are taking on enormous responsibility, both emotionally and financially. Quite frankly, they need as much disclosure as possible about the child's background and health to assure the best fit and be prepared.;Pat Robertson;health
Lost wealth may be replaced by industry, lost knowledge by study, lost health by temperance or medicine, but lost time is gone forever.;Samuel Smiles;health
Health is the state about which medicine has nothing to say.;W. H. Auden;health
In health there is freedom. Health is the first of all liberties.;Henri Frederic Amiel;health
Take all that is given whether wealth, love or language, nothing comes by mistake and with good digestion all can be turned to health.;George Herbert;health
What can be added to the happiness of a man who is in health, out of debt, and has a clear conscience?;Adam Smith;health
Many soldiers returning from Iraq and Afghanistan suffer from serious, long-term, physical and mental health problems, due to their service. It is unconscionable to cut the already limited health care benefits available to these brave men and women.;Mark Dayton;health
Good health is not something we can buy. However, it can be an extremely valuable savings account.;Anne Wilson Schaef;health
I think it's horrible that people have to be told. Don't smoke! Everybody knows it's bad for the health. But they have to forbid it.;Karl Lagerfeld;health
There are less than 1 per cent of anorexic girls, but there more than 30 per cent of girls in France - I don't know about England - that are much, much overweight. And it is much more dangerous and very bad for the health.;Karl Lagerfeld;health
A retired teacher paid $62,000 towards her pension and nothing, yes nothing, for full family medical, dental and vision coverage over her entire career. What will we pay her? $1.4 million in pension benefits and another $215,000 in health care benefit premiums over her lifetime.;Chris Christie;health
Cutting meat out of your diet is the best thing you can do for animals and your own health.;Joan Jett;health
The private sector must play a role in ensuring the prosperity and health of the people who comprise its market. It is time for the private sector to become a proactive partner contributing to the efforts of governments and philanthropies.;Simon Mainwaring;health
Anywhere you have extreme poverty and no national health insurance, no promise of health care regardless of social standing, that's where you see the sharp limitations of market-based health care.;Paul Farmer;health
My health is fine.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;health
The type of leukemia that I am dealing with is treatable. So if I do what my doctors tell me to do - get my blood checked regularly, take my meds and consult with my doctor and follow any additional instructions he might make - I will be able to maintain my good health and live my life with a minimum of disruptions to my lifestyle.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;health
For the last 3 years, we have celebrated National Nurses Week. Beginning on May 6, we will once again have the opportunity to truly commend the nursing community for their contributions to our national health delivery system.;Nathan Deal;health
Got good news and bad news for you, Mr. President. The good news is that Chief Justice John Roberts just saved your legacy and, perhaps, your presidency by writing for the Supreme Court majority to rule health care reform constitutional.;Ron Fournier;health
For families across the UK who are income-poor, but more than that, whose lives are blighted by worklessness, educational failure, family breakdown, problem debt and poor health, as well as other problems, giving them an extra pound - say through increased benefits - will not address the reason they find themselves in difficulty in the first place.;Iain Duncan Smith;health
He whom the gods love dies young, while he is in health, has his senses and his judgments sound.;Plautus;health
We believe in government involvement that leads to independence: good schools, quality roads and the best health care.;Rick Perry;health
We know a great deal more about the causes of physical disease than we do about the causes of physical health.;M. Scott Peck;health
I have never yet met a healthy person who worried very much about his health, or a really good person who worried much about his own soul.;John B. S. Haldane;health
Well, we lost a lot of our independence already. We are dependent on China for credit. We are dependent on Middle Eastern countries for energy supplies. And many Americans are dependent on the government for their income, health care, education of their children, food stamps.;Jim DeMint;health
I'm convinced that we can shape a different future for this country as it relates to mental health and as it relates to suicide.;David Satcher;health
The doctor has been taught to be interested not in health but in disease. What the public is taught is that health is the cure for disease.;Ashley Montagu;health
I have had lots of friends who've been affected by Aids and a very good friend of mine, Oscar Moore, died of Aids and I was with him in his last year quite a bit. And of course he was a man living in a very rich culture with a wealthy family who was able to afford health care.;Emma Thompson;health
The ultimate purpose of religious life is to make this evolution move in a direction far more important to the destiny of the ego than the moral health of the social fabric which forms his present environment.;Muhammad Iqbal;health
