The labor of women in the house, certainly, enables men to produce more wealth than they otherwise could and in this way women are economic factors in society. But so are horses.;Charlotte Perkins Gilman;women
Women like myself, CEOs, can pave the way for more women to get to the top.;Andrea Jung;women
You're not working with models, you're working with real women who have, like, anatomy. Models do not have anatomy.;Isaac Mizrahi;women
Women want love to be a novel, men a short story.;Daphne du Maurier;women
Women need not always keep their mouths shut and their wombs open.;Emma Goldman;women
Women hate everything which strips off the tinsel of sentiment, and they are right, or it would rob them of their weapons.;George Byron;women
Women are clear-headed, they are more creative and for this reason, sometimes, also more fragile.;Emma Bonino;women
You women could make someone fall in love even with a lie.;Georg Buchner;women
The women's movement completely changed attitudes all over the world in ways we'll never be able to count.;Holly Near;women
Women don't realize how powerful they are.;Judith Light;women
I'm surrounded by very powerful women and very progressive men.;Christie Hefner;women
My advantage as a woman and a human being has been in having a mother who believed strongly in women's education. She was an early undergraduate at Oxford, and her own mother was a doctor.;Antonia Fraser;women
Women are women, and hurray for that.;John Galliano;women
When women are encouraged to be competitive, too many of them become disagreeable.;Benjamin Spock;women
The No. 1 impediment to women succeeding in the workforce is now in the home.;Sheryl Sandberg;women
A homely face and no figure have aided many women heavenward.;Minna Antrim;women
Years ago women of my size were considered royalty.;Camryn Manheim;women
The house a woman creates is a Utopia. She can't help it - can't help trying to interest her nearest and dearest not in happiness itself but in the search for it.;Marguerite Duras;women
We're getting ready to take over the world. My group of girlfriends - we're renegades.;Lisa Bonet;women
The sight of women talking together has always made men uneasy nowadays it means rank subversion.;Germaine Greer;women
Emancipation of women has made them lose their mystery.;Grace Kelly;women
I always say God should have given women one extra decade at least, especially if you want a family. You're trying to pack a lot in.;Christine Baranski;women
What bugs me is that movies don't reflect how interesting and vibrant women are. We don't treasure women as they get older.;Jill Clayburgh;women
Women have a favorite room, men a favorite chair.;Bernard Williams;women
Relationships are made of talk - and talk is for girls and women.;Deborah Tannen;women
Women are the first to jump on what is fashionable.;Gavin DeGraw;women
Women hear rhythm differently than men.;Elvis Costello;women
I don't love dolls. I love women. I love their bodies.;John Galliano;women
Women have this obsession with shoes.;Alexandra Paul;women
The only people you can really share certain things with in secret are your girlfriends.;Shirley Knight;women
Were there no women, men might live like gods.;Thomas Dekker;women
All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players: they have their exits and their entrances and one man in his time plays many parts, his acts being seven ages.;William Shakespeare;women
Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friendship.;Oscar Wilde;women
Women are made to be loved, not understood.;Oscar Wilde;women
Women are like teabags. We don't know our true strength until we are in hot water!;Eleanor Roosevelt;women
Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance.;Oscar Wilde;women
Above all, we must realize that no arsenal, or no weapon in the arsenals of the world, is so formidable as the will and moral courage of free men and women. It is a weapon our adversaries in today's world do not have.;Ronald Reagan;women
I see when men love women. They give them but a little of their lives. But women when they love give everything.;Oscar Wilde;women
Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.;Robert A. Heinlein;women
All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.;Brian Tracy;women
As far as I knew white women were never lonely, except in books. White men adored them, Black men desired them and Black women worked for them.;Maya Angelou;women
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot.;Groucho Marx;women
Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack. Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;women
Women may fall when there's no strength in men.;William Shakespeare;women
The sadness of the women's movement is that they don't allow the necessity of love. See, I don't personally trust any revolution where love is not allowed.;Maya Angelou;women
All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does. That's his.;Oscar Wilde;women
Men marry because they are tired women, because they are curious both are disappointed.;Oscar Wilde;women
The marvel of all history is the patience with which men and women submit to burdens unnecessarily laid upon them by their governments.;George Washington;women
There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments.;Chris Rock;women
Sometimes I wonder if men and women really suit each other. Perhaps they should live next door and just visit now and then.;Katharine Hepburn;women
I don't hate women - they just sometimes make me mad.;Eminem;women
The battle for the individual rights of women is one of long standing and none of us should countenance anything which undermines it.;Eleanor Roosevelt;women
Women love us for our defects. If we have enough of them, they will forgive us everything, even our gigantic intellects.;Oscar Wilde;women
Women are never disarmed by compliments. Men always are. That is the difference between the sexes.;Oscar Wilde;women
Too often the great decisions are originated and given form in bodies made up wholly of men, or so completely dominated by them that whatever of special value women have to offer is shunted aside without expression.;Eleanor Roosevelt;women
Men's vows are women's traitors!;William Shakespeare;women
Long before history began we men have got together apart from the women and done things. We had time.;C. S. Lewis;women
I haven't trusted polls since I read that 62% of women had affairs during their lunch hour. I've never met a woman in my life who would give up lunch for sex.;Erma Bombeck;women
Feminism is a socialist, anti-family, political movement that encourages women to leave their husbands, kill their children, practice witchcraft, destroy capitalism and become lesbians.;Pat Robertson;women
I'm always rather nervous about how you talk about women who are active in politics, whether they want to be talked about as women or as politicians.;John F. Kennedy;women
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.;Aristotle Onassis;women
I have thought a sufficient measure of civilization is the influence of good women.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;women
Women are considered deep - why? Because one can never discover any bottom to them. Women are not even shallow.;Friedrich Nietzsche;women
Women are nothing but machines for producing children.;Napoleon Bonaparte;women
Bachelors know more about women than married men if they didn't they'd be married too.;H. L. Mencken;women
Behind all their personal vanity, women themselves always have an impersonal contempt for woman.;Friedrich Nietzsche;women
The reason women don't play football is because 11 of them would never wear the same outfit in public.;Phyllis Diller;women
Stupid as a man, say the women: cowardly as a woman, say the men. Stupidity in a woman is unwomanly.;Friedrich Nietzsche;women
Here in America we are descended in blood and in spirit from revolutionists and rebels - men and women who dare to dissent from accepted doctrine. As their heirs, may we never confuse honest dissent with disloyal subversion.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;women
A women under stress is not immediately concerned with finding solutions to her problems but rather seeks relief by expressing herself and being understood.;John Gray;women
A man has a tendency to accept you the way you are, while most women immediately start to pick flaws and want to change you.;Marilyn Monroe;women
I have always had a talent for irritating women since I was fourteen.;Marilyn Monroe;women
When it comes to gossip, I have to readily admit men are as guilty as women.;Marilyn Monroe;women
I have noticed... that men usually leave married women alone and are inclined to treat all wives with respect. This is no great credit to married women.;Marilyn Monroe;women
Black men don't like to be called 'boys,' but women accept being called 'girls.';Marilyn Monroe;women
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.;Marilyn Monroe;women
All the reasonings of men are not worth one sentiment of women.;Voltaire;women
I can promise you that women working together - linked, informed and educated - can bring peace and prosperity to this forsaken planet.;Isabel Allende;women
Genteel women suppose that those things do not really exist about which it is impossible to talk in polite company.;Friedrich Nietzsche;women
It is the most sensual men who need to flee women and torment their bodies.;Friedrich Nietzsche;women
To a philosopher all news, as it is called, is gossip, and they who edit and read it are old women over their tea.;Henry David Thoreau;women
The man who loves other countries as much as his own stands on a level with the man who loves other women as much as he loves his own wife.;Theodore Roosevelt;women
Love is something far more than desire for sexual intercourse it is the principal means of escape from the loneliness which afflicts most men and women throughout the greater part of their lives.;Bertrand Russell;women
I hate women because they always know where things are.;Voltaire;women
The fickleness of the women I love is only equalled by the infernal constancy of the women who love me.;George Bernard Shaw;women
All women do have a different sense of sexuality, or sense of fun, or sense of like what's sexy or cool or tough.;Angelina Jolie;women
When women love us, they forgive us everything, even our crimes when they do not love us, they give us credit for nothing, not even our virtues.;Honore de Balzac;women
Reputation is what men and women think of us character is what God and angels know of us.;Thomas Paine;women
All women have a perception much more developed than men. So all women somehow, being repressed for so many millennia, they ended up by developing this sixth sense and contemplation and love. And this is something that we have a hard time to accept as part of our society.;Paulo Coelho;women
A man can be short and dumpy and getting bald but if he has fire, women will like him.;Mae West;women
But while they prate of economic laws, men and women are starving. We must lay hold of the fact that economic laws are not made by nature. They are made by human beings.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;women
If there hadn't been women we'd still be squatting in a cave eating raw meat, because we made civilization in order to impress our girlfriends.;Orson Welles;women
I think the part of media that romanticizes criminal behavior, things that a person will say against women, profanity, being gangster, having multiple children with multiple men and women and not wanting to is prevalent. When you look at the majority of shows on television they placate that kind of behavior.;Bill Cosby;women
Women should be obscene and not heard.;Groucho Marx;women
Love is the ultimate theme, but it's not just for women.;Will Smith;women
America's fighting men and women sacrifice much to ensure that our great nation stays free. We owe a debt of gratitude to the soldiers that have paid the ultimate price for this cause, as well as for those who are blessed enough to return from the battlefield unscathed.;Allen Boyd;women
I've exercised with women so thin that buzzards followed them to their cars.;Erma Bombeck;women
There are only two types of women - goddesses and doormats.;Pablo Picasso;women
I try to speak my points of view about black America, and how I feel about black men and the role that black men should play in their lives with their children and in their lives with their women.;Will Smith;women
