I've met the most interesting people while flying or on a boat. These methods of travel seem to attract the kind of people I want to be with.;Hedy Lamarr;travel
I am blessed for what I have, but I believed in it from the beginning. Today, the dream is the same: I still want to travel, I still want to entertain, and I most certainly still want to have fun.;Guy Laliberte;travel
I am not unconscious of the persuasive power exerted by these considerations to drag men along in the current but I am not at liberty to travel that road.;Benjamin F. Wade;travel
The good news is that real-world hands-on conservation is alive and well and catching on across the America I travel.;Ted Nugent;travel
I really have created a family. I work with the people I love, I travel with them, I make films with them, and I'm in an office with them. So in a weird way - I know I haven't birthed a child - I feel that I'm a part of creating a family. It's a tribe. I love that word.;Drew Barrymore;travel
Dealing with global warming doesn't mean we have all got to suddenly stop breathing. Dealing with global warming means that we have to stop waste, and if you travel for no reason whatsoever, that is a waste.;David Attenborough;travel
Christmas to a child is the first terrible proof that to travel hopefully is better than to arrive.;Stephen Fry;travel
Thanks to the Interstate Highway System, it is now possible to travel across the country from coast to coast without seeing anything.;Charles Kuralt;travel
The secret to modern life is finding the measure in time management. I have two kids, career and I travel, and I don't think my life is any different than most couples. The most valuable commodity now for many people is time and how to parcel that out.;Hugh Jackman;travel
I have two kids, career and I travel, and I don't think my life is any different than most couples. The most valuable commodity now for many people is time and how to parcel that out.;Hugh Jackman;travel
Travel in all the four quarters of the earth, yet you will find nothing anywhere. Whatever there is, is only here.;Ramakrishna;travel
I travel the garden of music, thru inspiration. It's a large, very large garden, seen?;Peter Tosh;travel
Of all possible subjects, travel is the most difficult for an artist, as it is the easiest for a journalist.;W. H. Auden;travel
I see my path, but I don't know where it leads. Not knowing where I'm going is what inspires me to travel it.;Rosalia de Castro;travel
Nothing in the universe can travel at the speed of light, they say, forgetful of the shadow's speed.;Howard Nemerov;travel
Michael Palin decided to give up on his considerable comedy talents to make those dreadfully tedious travel shows. Have you ever tried to watch one?;John Cleese;travel
I'm such a girl for the living room. I really like to stay in my nest and not move. I travel in my mind, and that that's a rigorous state of journeying for me. My body isn't that interested in moving from place to place.;Bell Hooks;travel
As you think, you travel, and as you love, you attract. You are today where your thoughts have brought you you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.;James Lane Allen;travel
I love coming home to Melbourne. The first thing I do is have a coffee. It's just so much better here than anywhere else. It's better than in Italy and I travel a lot. I crave it.;Curtis Stone;travel
I get a friend to travel with me... I need somebody to bring me back to who I am. It's hard to be alone.;Leonardo DiCaprio;travel
I want my handbags and my shoes to be stylish but I want to make sure that they're versatile. I travel and I have to make sure the pieces I put into my bag can go with a dress or with shorts or jeans.;Maria Sharapova;travel
When I travel, I love speaking to women around the world about the things that inspire them, the fashions they like, what makes something good and what would make it even better.;Maria Sharapova;travel
In this world, shipmates, sin that pays its way can travel freely, and without passport whereas Virtue, if a pauper, is stopped at all frontiers.;Herman Melville;travel
I love to not work. I like to travel. I work maybe half the year, no more.;Catherine Deneuve;travel
Snowboarding's tough, because you've got to go to the mountains. For me, I love the skateboard season because I get to hangout at home and still be skating. I don't have to travel to Norway or Japan or these crazy places to be snowboarding.;Shaun White;travel
I like to go to work, and also, I don't have any kids. I don't have any hobbies. I don't like to travel. So going to work is kind of it.;Christopher Walken;travel
Own only what you can always carry with you: know languages, know countries, know people. Let your memory be your travel bag.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;travel
Know how to travel from your town to a nearby town without a car, either by bus or by rail.;Marilyn vos Savant;travel
When you travel so many weeks a year, it's always nice to have a home-cooked meal.;Maria Sharapova;travel
I don't feel restless, I just like to travel.;Brad Pitt;travel
I'd rather have huge success and huge failures than travel in the middle of the road.;Kevyn Aucoin;travel
I think kids ought to travel. I think it's very good to carry kids around. It's good for them. Of course it's tough on the parents.;Doris Lessing;travel
It's rather naive, apart from being ethically objectionable, to assume that our investigators travel around the country with bags of money trying to bribe witnesses to lie on the witness stand. We just don't operate that way.;Jim Garrison;travel
We must travel in the direction of our fear.;John Berryman;travel
Restore human legs as a means of travel. Pedestrians rely on food for fuel and need no special parking facilities.;Lewis Mumford;travel
When I haven't been working I've tried to travel a lot.;Emma Watson;travel
We have so much pride in welcoming these passengers onto the plane, and they have so much pride in travel. It's something that I definitely always remember, when I'm playing a scene on the plane, just to imbue everything with that sense of excitement.;Christina Ricci;travel
I've got a real sense of three-dimensional geometry. I can look at a flat piece of fabric and know that if I put a slit in it and make some fabric travel around a square, then when you lift it up it will drape in a certain way, and I can feel how that will happen.;Vivienne Westwood;travel
Your lost friends are not dead, but gone before, advanced a stage or two upon that road which you must travel in the steps they trod.;Aristophanes;travel
If you have enthusiasm, you have a very dynamic, effective companion to travel with you on the road to Somewhere.;Loretta Young;travel
My job is to be a spokesman - the spokesman, I suppose - for the President, for the White House, to do the daily briefings, to manage the press corps in terms of travel, day-to-day needs, access, interviews, all those issues.;Dee Dee Myers;travel
Before the BBC, I joined the Navy in order to travel.;David Attenborough;travel
I like animals. I like natural history. The travel bit is not the important bit. The travel bit is what you have to do in order to go and look at animals.;David Attenborough;travel
The things I was allowed to experience, the people I was able to call friends, teammates, mentors, coaches and opponents, the travel, all of it, are far more than anything I ever thought possible in my lifetime.;Curt Schilling;travel
And it was a great experience, you know, to travel the world and compete at a certain level. It teaches you discipline, focus, and certainly keeps you out of trouble.;Jason Statham;travel
Interesting things come your way but as you get older, your lifestyle changes. I don't want to travel I don't want to be in a hotel room away from my family.;Gary Oldman;travel
There is no budget for travel for a Shadow Foreign Secretary.;William Hague;travel
I am a passionate traveler, and from the time I was a child, travel formed me as much as my formal education.;David Rockefeller;travel
When I travel, I like to take advantage of room service. I'm really into eggs Benedict in the morning.;Jenny McCarthy;travel
Oh, I'm terrible at travel.;Johnny Vegas;travel
The person attempting to travel two roads at once will get nowhere.;Xun Zi;travel
The thing about Hemingway that people forget is that all the stuff he did was at a time where people weren't traveling that much. At 19 he travels to Italy. He goes to the Spanish Civil War. He goes to China, he goes to Africa so at that time to travel that much is really incredible.;Clive Owen;travel
I was born to travel and write verse.;Theophile Gautier;travel
I want to travel. Maybe I'll end up living in Norway, making cakes.;Eva Green;travel
It's important to travel and move and have a continual set of experiences so you've got more to feed back into your work. For me, it's a natural thing.;Cate Blanchett;travel
The helicopter is a fine way to travel, but it induces a view of the world that only God and CEOs share on a regular basis.;Morley Safer;travel
The most important thing we can do is inspire young minds and to advance the kind of science, math and technology education that will help youngsters take us to the next phase of space travel.;John Glenn;travel
Besides, I'm a gypsy at heart and I like to travel around.;Reba McEntire;travel
My goals have changed throughout my life. At one time it was winning awards, selling out concert dates, selling more albums than anyone else. Now, my goals are to see my grandchildren grown, live a long and healthy life with my family and friends and travel the world.;Reba McEntire;travel
I think it's important that kids have responsibilities and understand the value of things, but I think it's great I get to travel the world with my daughter.;Salma Hayek;travel
You can't expect the entire world to come to New York to see you. You have to travel to them.;Theodore Bikel;travel
I get cold - really cold - when I travel.;Laura Linney;travel
I'd love to travel to the Holy Land.;Loretta Lynn;travel
I grew up in South Africa and I would look at maps and we were at the bottom of the world. There was this whole thing up there. I was always reading encyclopedias about the world. So travel was something I was always attracted to.;Charlize Theron;travel
If you travel to Germany, it's still absolutely Germany. If you travel to Sweden, it still has a Swedish identity.;Steven Patrick Morrissey;travel
Since I travel so much, it's always great to be home. There's nothing like getting to raid my own refrigerator at two in the morning.;Amy Grant;travel
No one's going to be able to operate without a grounding in the basic sciences. Language would be helpful, although English is becoming increasingly international. And travel. You have to have a global attitude.;Rupert Murdoch;travel
In between films I like to travel and hope to visit every continent before I become a mother.;Diane Kruger;travel
Extensive traveling induces a feeling of encapsulation, and travel, so broadening at first, contracts the mind.;Paul Theroux;travel
People have to make journeys, what we want is people to have alternatives in public transport so that they can make a choice about the sort of way in which they're going to travel.;Theresa May;travel
I stepped away to find out more about myself, which I was having difficulty doing as a football player. I got a chance to travel the world. I studied Eastern philosophy, and I've grown as a person so much.;Ricky Williams;travel
I mean, I'd love to have a private jet - I know people who fly by private jet all the time... I've hitched a ride a few times and it is not overrated at all it's a great way to travel!;Marc Jacobs;travel
To get away from one's working environment is, in a sense, to get away from one's self and this is often the chief advantage of travel and change.;Charles Horton Cooley;travel
This evening I wish to suggest that we Christians should accompany people on their pilgrimages. Specifically we should travel with people as they search for the good, the true and the beautiful.;Timothy Radcliffe;travel
Some people are drawn naturally - there are natural guitarists, and there are natural piano players, and I think guitar implies travel, a sort of footloose gypsy existence. You grab your bag and you go to the next town.;Hugh Laurie;travel
I've had a very interesting career. I get to do amazing things and work with amazing people and travel and learn languages - things most people don't get the opportunity to do.;Gwyneth Paltrow;travel
Air travel is the safest form of travel aside from walking even then, the chances of being hit by a public bus at 30,000 feet are remarkably slim. I also have no problem with confined spaces. Or heights. What I am afraid of is speed.;Sloane Crosley;travel
In recent years, I've been writing because I'm fortunate enough to work in the world of food television, to travel and taste and learn about cooking from the best chefs in the business.;Ted Allen;travel
In Heaven, I believe my dad is somewhere doing something nice. I feel I've been too lucky to travel this far without somebody guiding me.;Katherine Jenkins;travel
I always want to give my best and do the best I can. I know when I have sung my best and when I haven't. There can be stresses and hassles with time travel and press attention. I just have to adapt and find a way of dealing with it.;Katherine Jenkins;travel
What I like in this job is you can travel to many places, many imaginations.;Marion Cotillard;travel
I've three children, three grandchildren, I work, I travel, and I'm very happily married. I'm very satisfied and happy with my life and there really isn't anything I want.;Joan Collins;travel
More than any other setting - more than battlefields or boardrooms or a spaceship headed for intergalactic travel - I'll put my money on the family to provide an endless source of comedy, tragedy and intrigue.;Joyce Maynard;travel
It's been a huge blessing, being able to travel and have a great life.;Seann William Scott;travel
There are so many things I want to do. Like, I want to get an artist, a musician, a photographer, and a bunch of dancers that I know and just travel across Africa and just film it and just see what happens. Do and learn as much as I possibly can. Luckily, I have a lot more time.;Channing Tatum;travel
To travel is to take a journey into yourself.;Danny Kaye;travel
When I thought I was retired, I wanted to travel around the world and watch soccer games.;Drew Carey;travel
As I travel across the country speaking about MS, perhaps I can offer others comfort and hope.;Annette Funicello;travel
Travel, of course, narrows the mind.;Malcolm Muggeridge;travel
I really enjoy what I do, and who I'm with and where I am. Having said that, I'm not really a person of habit, because what I do in my job is travel around the world and play concerts to people, and occasionally do very weird things.;Robert Smith;travel
You cannot travel within and stand still without.;James Lane Allen;travel
I fly economy. I do often fly first class, but I don't travel with a posse, or bodyguard, or an assistant.;Gene Simmons;travel
I was a little doubtful about the propriety of going to the Mammoth Cave without a gentleman escort, but if two ladies travel alone they must have the courage of men.;Maria Mitchell;travel
It's wonderful to travel with somebody that you love and we never travel anywhere without one another.;Roger Moore;travel
I've always traveled, as a kid my parents moved me around, a different place in Germany every four years. But I got the travel bug when I was a kid, living in different countries.;Dominic Monaghan;travel
I enjoy the preparatory elements of travel - packing my bags and choosing my outfits - but my favourite part is getting there.;Dominic Monaghan;travel
The amount of hassle involved in travel can be overwhelming.;Paul Theroux;travel
Travel works best when you're forced to come to terms with the place you're in.;Paul Theroux;travel
A travel book is about someone who goes somewhere, travels on the ground, sees something and spends quite a lot of time doing it, and has a hard time, and then comes back and writes about it. It's not about inventing.;Paul Theroux;travel
