And I believe that you never be limited in what you do, so I like to do movies, I like to do television.;Harvey Fierstein;movies
Movies are all about plot. Theater, even if it's story heavy, it's about ideas.;Harvey Fierstein;movies
Theater has to resonate in your heart in a way that movies don't.;Harvey Fierstein;movies
I was striving to be the most muscular man, and it got me into the movies. It got me everything that I have.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;movies
I love the movies, and when I go to see a movie that's been made from one of my books, I know that it isn't going to be exactly like my novel because a lot of other people have interpreted it. But I also know it has an idea that I'll like because that idea occurred to me, and I spent a year, or a year and a half of my life working on it.;Stephen King;movies
Somebody asked me about the current choice we're being given in the presidential election. I said, Well, it's like two of the scariest movies I can imagine.;Dean Koontz;movies
To me, movies and music go hand in hand. When I'm writing a script, one of the first things I do is find the music I'm going to play for the opening sequence.;Quentin Tarantino;movies
The only reason anyone goes to Broadway is because they can't get work in the movies.;Bette Davis;movies
By going to the movies, and because of other things, too, going to college, making a wide variety of friends, moving around traveling, I became a lot more open-minded than the heritage I was born into might have suggested.;Roger Ebert;movies
I wanted to do another movie that could make us laugh and cry and feel good about the world. I wanted to do something else that could make us smile. This is a time when we need to smile more and Hollywood movies are supposed to do that for people in difficult times.;Steven Spielberg;movies
When I was a boy, I always saw myself as a hero in comic books and in movies. I grew up believing this dream.;Elvis Presley;movies
So, one way or another, I found myself in a few movies. I take it seriously when I'm on the set, but I don't take myself seriously as an actor.;Henry Rollins;movies
Movies always are open to being remade because times change so much, and the tempo of movies changes. I think of it like a James Bond. They can have different actors play the same role... I've had people come up to me and say, 'We want to remake 'The Jerk' with so and so.' And I say, 'Fine.' It just doesn't bother me. It's an honor actually.;Steve Martin;movies
I realized this is what God has dealt me, and I should be thankful considering all that's happened to me in my life, but MS caused the movies to stop - stop dead - and I miss it.;Richard Pryor;movies
My mom took me to see Carnal Knowledge and The Wild Bunch and all these kind of movies when I was a kid.;Quentin Tarantino;movies
Movies are not about the weekend that they're released, and in the grand scheme of things, that's probably the most unimportant time of a film's life.;Quentin Tarantino;movies
I'm not a Hollywood basher because enough good movies come out of the Hollywood system every year to justify its existence, without any apologies.;Quentin Tarantino;movies
Movies are my religion and God is my patron. I'm lucky enough to be in the position where I don't make movies to pay for my pool. When I make a movie, I want it to be everything to me like I would die for it.;Quentin Tarantino;movies
If you just love movies enough, you can make a good one.;Quentin Tarantino;movies
All my movies are achingly personal.;Quentin Tarantino;movies
I have loved movies as the number one thing in my life so long that I can't ever remember a time when I didn't.;Quentin Tarantino;movies
I just grew up watching a lot of movies. I'm attracted to this genre and that genre, this type of story, and that type of story. As I watch movies I make some version of it in my head that isn't quite what I'm seeing - taking the things I like and mixing them with stuff I've never seen before.;Quentin Tarantino;movies
Some mornings you wake up and think, gee I look handsome today. Other days I think, what am I doing in the movies? I wanna go back to Ireland and drive a forklift.;Liam Neeson;movies
I don't really have a schedule of when I want to show my children my movies.;Steven Spielberg;movies
I was making a lot of 8mm home movies, since I was twelve, making little dramas and comedies with the neighborhood kids.;Steven Spielberg;movies
Sexiness, particularly in movies, is the chess game in the 'Thomas Crown Affair'. It's, it's, I don't know, but Faye Dunaway comes up a lot in that thinking. It's the subtlety of sexiness. The moment you try to be sexy, then it's not.;Daniel Craig;movies
I didn't grow up thinking of movies as film, or art, but as movies, something to do on a Saturday afternoon.;Sydney Pollack;movies
I have been pregnant in so many movies it's ridiculous.;Jennifer Aniston;movies
There are a lot of movies that are unbelievable successes that I would be mortified to be a part of.;Jennifer Aniston;movies
My nominee for Best Picture of the year - maybe the best picture ever, because it's essentially made up of and is an ecstatic love letter to all other movies - is Christian Marclay's endlessly enticing must-see masterpiece 'The Clock.';Jerry Saltz;movies
I am in so many movies that are on TV at 2:00 a.m. that people think I am dead.;Michael Caine;movies
I've been really enjoying writing articles and writing music and music for movies.;Alanis Morissette;movies
I worked very hard on those movies but there was some creative connection that wasn't being made.;Michael J. Fox;movies
I can be in 20 movies. But I'll never be an actor.;Jon Stewart;movies
My dream role would probably be a psycho killer, because the whole thing I love about movies is that you get to do things you could never do in real life, and that would be my way of vicariously experiencing being a psycho killer. Also, it's incredibly romantic.;Christina Ricci;movies
In life and in movies, it's a similar challenge, where you have expectations, and you end up in situations that are not meeting your expectations.;Jeff Bridges;movies
Sex is a doorway to something so powerful and mystical, but movies usually depict it in a completely flat way.;David Lynch;movies
Right now, my job is that I'm like an ambulance chaser. I've got to look for movies with white guys falling out of them.;Chris Rock;movies
Movies have takes. But plays are like life - you don't really get takes.;Chris Rock;movies
Dude, I didn't say Jude Law can't act. I didn't say Jude Law was in bad movies. I just said he's in every movie.;Chris Rock;movies
My movies are okay, but they're not my specials.;Chris Rock;movies
I'm not bragging but my movies have grossed well over a billion dollars.;Steve Guttenberg;movies
I'm obsessed with zombies. I like watching zombie movies and I read zombie books.;Kevin Bacon;movies
Not only do I have to live, right, I have to get some cash for my troubles - it's a scary thing, and people need to start to think about the messages that they send in the movies.;Morgan Freeman;movies
Movies are like magic tricks.;Jeff Bridges;movies
I'd maybe done about 12 movies when I decided that this was what I was going to do.;Jeff Bridges;movies
I'm used to watching old movies of myself.;Jeff Bridges;movies
Movies are very subjective.;Jeff Bridges;movies
Normally, I love to go to the movies and when I see a character portrayed by different actors at different ages, it kind of pops a little bit for me. It brings me out of the movie experience. Now we have the technology to cure that.;Jeff Bridges;movies
I'm very much into the costuming of any character that I portray and it's one of the great things about making movies is it's a collaborative art form so you get all these artists who are looking specifically about for this instance your character's costume and what that might tell about your character.;Jeff Bridges;movies
I think there's a real joy in going to see movies when you discover them yourself.;Jeff Bridges;movies
Nowadays it seems more and more like the 'business' in 'show business' is underlined, and there are campaigns, and it's all part of getting people in to see the movies.;Jeff Bridges;movies
Even in India the Hindi film industry might be the best known but there are movies made in other regional languages in India, be it Tamil or Bengali. Those experiences too are different from the ones in Bombay.;Aishwarya Rai;movies
I remember being on film sets when I was younger, and only men got to do the cool action movies. So I thought, 'Maybe I'll get to produce one day and get to do cool stuff too,' which is what happened when we did 'Charlie's Angels.' Starting my production company was a big turning point for me.;Drew Barrymore;movies
Becoming emancipated at 14, my life wasn't normal. I didn't have to go to school, so I didn't. I was rebellious by nature. I spent my 20s focusing on my company, Flower Films, and producing movies. Now that I'm almost 30, I would like to try other things in lie. I'm crazy about photography, and I want to take an art history class.;Drew Barrymore;movies
I love doing normal things - movies, shopping, going out with friends, writing, reading, taking hot bubble baths - that's a big one for relaxation. I also love to go to art and history museums.;Christina Aguilera;movies
You know, I think the film business is its own worst enemy because it sells movies on DVD footage and 'behind the scenes,' and now it's a real struggle trying to keep storylines and plotlines a secret.;Daniel Craig;movies
Later on they send me to Hollywood. To make movies. It was all new to me. I was only 21 years old.;Elvis Presley;movies
The next thing I knew, I was out of the service and making movies again. My first picture was called, GI Blues. I thought I was still in the army.;Elvis Presley;movies
If there's specific resistance to women making movies, I just choose to ignore that as an obstacle for two reasons: I can't change my gender, and I refuse to stop making movies.;Kathryn Bigelow;movies
Everyone related to me in my circle was from church: church friends, church school, church activities. All my friends weren't allowed to watch MTV or go to PG-13 movies or listen to the radio, so I didn't really know anything different. That's how I was raised.;Katy Perry;movies
My whole life has been movies and religion. That's it. Nothing else.;Martin Scorsese;movies
Very often I've known people who wouldn't say a word to each other, but they'd go to see movies together and experience life that way.;Martin Scorsese;movies
I've seen many, many movies over the years, and there are only a few that suddenly inspire you so much that you want to continue to make films.;Martin Scorsese;movies
I think less is more when it comes to kissing in the movies.;Julia Roberts;movies
I'm doing 'Les Miserables,' the movie. I've done a lot of musicals and a lot of movies, and I know there are not a lot of people in Hollywood who have been down those two paths so I've been like, 'Come on, let's do a movie/musical.';Hugh Jackman;movies
I have done many movies that people hadn't seen. 'The Fountain,' I spent a year on that. 'The Prestige' with Chris Nolan, and 'Australia.' From my perspective it's very satisfying. Some movies people see and other movies they don't. 'Wolverine,' 'X Men,' I know that in some level people know me just for that and it's fine for me.;Hugh Jackman;movies
The best movies are simple.;Shia LaBeouf;movies
Nobody makes movies like Oliver Stone.;Shia LaBeouf;movies
I'm not a strikingly handsome guy, but I'm in movies.;Shia LaBeouf;movies
I was always raised on cowboy films, and then when I could start making choices about the movies I wanted to watch I found myself wanting to watch gangster films which were slightly more sophisticated than the baseline stuff that was in westerns.;Shia LaBeouf;movies
Basically, there's not enough sex in movies, that's it. I'm trying to say it, people. I miss sex in movies because sex is natural, guns are not.;Zoe Saldana;movies
You know those movies where the people in the audience are screaming, 'Don't go in that door!' because you know the killer is there? Well, it is the same thing with this debt. We know how this ends.;Marco Rubio;movies
I sure lost my musical direction in Hollywood. My songs were the same conveyer belt mass production, just like most of my movies were.;Elvis Presley;movies
Those movies sure got me into a rut.;Elvis Presley;movies
Too much TV hurts movies.;Elvis Presley;movies
Funny things happen to you in movies for silly reasons.;Michael Caine;movies
January is the garbage can of movies in America, directly after all the Oscar contenders have been out.;Michael Caine;movies
My wife comes with me on all the movies, but she is not an appendage to a film star or anything like that. She is a completely intertwined partner. She is the other half of me. Also, we're still very much in love with each other. We always have been, we always will be.;Michael Caine;movies
My mother had to send me to the movies with my birth certificate, so that I wouldn't have to pay the extra fifty cents that the adults had to pay.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;movies
I don't know what it was, maybe the movie theaters in my immediate surrounding neighbourhood in Burbank, but I never saw what would be considered A movies.;Tim Burton;movies
I never really got nightmares from movies. In fact, I recall my father saying when I was three years old that I would be scared, but I never was.;Tim Burton;movies
I don't want to criticize any other designers, but I have to say that many of the people involved in this industry - directors and producers - are trying to make their games more like movies. They are longing to make movies rather than making videogames.;Shigeru Miyamoto;movies
Even the worst Bond movies, there's something to love about them.;Daniel Craig;movies
I see a lot of movies. I love films as a spectator, and that's never obscured by the part of me that does the work myself. I just love going to the movies.;Daniel Day-Lewis;movies
Where I come from, it was a heresy to say you wanted to be in movies, leave alone American movies.;Daniel Day-Lewis;movies
My children have never watched any of my films. Charlie knows that daddy makes movies, but he says they are not good enough for him to watch.;Russell Crowe;movies
I'm not an admirer of action movies. I just think, Oh my God, it must be so tiring.;Catherine Deneuve;movies
How do people relate to movies now, when they're on portable devices or streaming them? It's not as much about going to the movies. That experience has changed.;Keanu Reeves;movies
Economically, it's more expensive to make movies. I hope digital movies change that.;Ang Lee;movies
In life, single women are the most vulnerable adults. In movies, they are given imaginary power.;Elizabeth Wurtzel;movies
I still like the run and gun action movies and how truly dangerous it can be to make these films.;Megan Fox;movies
When I was a little boy I used to borrow my father's hat, and make a press card to stick in the hat band. That was the way reporters were always portrayed in the movies.;Charles Kuralt;movies
Frankly, I got into the movies because I like the movies a lot.;Jack Nicholson;movies
I really don't have favorites I'm just a fan of movies, period.;Michael Clarke Duncan;movies
Hollywood is throwing action movies at me.;Liam Neeson;movies
I had done some flimflam movies, but I didn't understand what being an actor meant anymore.;Liam Neeson;movies
Before 'Schindler's List,' I wouldn't have believed movies had a lot of power for social change.;Liam Neeson;movies
A lot of the struggle I had with movies is I really loved moments and tones and feelings in a scene, and I loved creating those, but I never really had great stories to string them together.;Louis C. K.;movies
