When anger rises, think of the consequences.;Confucius;anger
A man who has never made a woman angry is a failure in life.;Christopher Morley;anger
It is impossible for you to be angry and laugh at the same time. Anger and laughter are mutually exclusive and you have the power to choose either.;Wayne Dyer;anger
Anger is a killing thing: it kills the man who angers, for each rage leaves him less than he had been before - it takes something from him.;Louis L'Amour;anger
Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger. You see, one can only be angry with those he respects.;Richard M. Nixon;anger
Get mad, then get over it.;Colin Powell;anger
He who angers you conquers you.;Elizabeth Kenny;anger
Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned, nor hell a fury like a woman scorned.;William Congreve;anger
Beware of him that is slow to anger for when it is long coming, it is the stronger when it comes, and the longer kept. Abused patience turns to fury.;Francis Quarles;anger
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.;Phyllis Diller;anger
There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot.;Plato;anger
Anger and jealousy can no more bear to lose sight of their objects than love.;George Eliot;anger
When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.;Epictetus;anger
How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it.;Marcus Aurelius;anger
Anger, if not restrained, is frequently more hurtful to us than the injury that provokes it.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;anger
A man that studieth revenge keeps his own wounds green.;Francis Bacon;anger
Hatred is an affair of the heart contempt that of the head.;Arthur Schopenhauer;anger
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.;Thomas a Kempis;anger
Every time you get angry, you poison your own system.;Alfred A. Montapert;anger
Anger is a wind which blows out the lamp of the mind.;Robert Green Ingersoll;anger
Speak when you are angry - and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret.;Laurence J. Peter;anger
Anger is a short madness.;Horace;anger
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor.;Francis Bacon;anger
An angry man opens his mouth and shuts his eyes.;Cato;anger
The deferring of anger is the best antidote to anger.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;anger
If a small thing has the power to make you angry, does that not indicate something about your size?;Sydney J. Harris;anger
Never do anything when you are in a temper, for you will do everything wrong.;Baltasar Gracian;anger
Always write angry letters to your enemies. Never mail them.;James Fallows;anger
Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.;James Thurber;anger
One should not lose one's temper unless one is certain of getting more and more angry to the end.;William Butler Yeats;anger
He that would be angry and sin not, must not be angry with anything but sin.;John Ruskin;anger
There is nothing that so much gratifies an ill tongue as when it finds an angry heart.;Thomas Fuller;anger
No man can think clearly when his fists are clenched.;George Jean Nathan;anger
Never go to bed angry, stay up and fight.;William Congreve;anger
Anger is one of the sinews of the soul.;Thomas Fuller;anger
Never contend with a man who has nothing to lose.;Baltasar Gracian;anger
Revenge is often like biting a dog because the dog bit you.;Austin O'Malley;anger
How often it is that the angry man rages denial of what his inner self is telling him.;Frank Herbert;anger
Fair peace becomes men ferocious anger belongs to beasts.;Ovid;anger
Keep cool anger is not an argument.;Daniel Webster;anger
The world needs anger. The world often continues to allow evil because it isn't angry enough.;Bede Jarrett;anger
Somebody hits me, I'm going to hit him back. Even if it does look like he hasn't eaten in a while.;Charles Barkley;anger
A wonderful emotion to get things moving when one is stuck is anger. It was anger more than anything else that had set me off, roused me into productivity and creativity.;Mary Garden;anger
Experts say you should never hit your children in anger. When is a good time? When you're feeling festive?;Roseanne Barr;anger
Discussion is an exchange of knowledge an argument an exchange of ignorance.;Robert Quillen;anger
Expressing anger is a form of public littering.;Willard Gaylin;anger
I know of no more disagreeable situation than to be left feeling generally angry without anybody in particular to be angry at.;Frank Moore Colby;anger
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.;Buddha;anger
Forgiveness is the economy of the heart... forgiveness saves the expense of anger, the cost of hatred, the waste of spirits.;Hannah More;anger
In our daily life, we encounter people who are angry, deceitful, intent only on satisfying their own needs. There is so much anger, distrust, greed, and pettiness that we are losing our capacity to work well together.;Margaret J. Wheatley;anger
Generally speaking, if a human being never shows anger, then I think something's wrong. He's not right in the brain.;Dalai Lama;anger
Anger is the enemy of non-violence and pride is a monster that swallows it up.;Mahatma Gandhi;anger
In times of great stress or adversity, it's always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.;Lee Iacocca;anger
Holding on to anger, resentment and hurt only gives you tense muscles, a headache and a sore jaw from clenching your teeth. Forgiveness gives you back the laughter and the lightness in your life.;Joan Lunden;anger
I know, to banish anger altogether from one's breast is a difficult task. It cannot be achieved through pure personal effort. It can be done only by God's grace.;Mahatma Gandhi;anger
We should meet abuse by forbearance. Human nature is so constituted that if we take absolutely no notice of anger or abuse, the person indulging in it will soon weary of it and stop.;Mahatma Gandhi;anger
Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one.;Benjamin Franklin;anger
Speak the truth, do not yield to anger give, if thou art asked for little by these three steps thou wilt go near the gods.;Confucius;anger
Anger is a manifestation of a deeper issue... and that, for me, is based on insecurity, self-esteem and loneliness.;Naomi Campbell;anger
I think my passion is misinterpreted as anger sometimes. And I don't think people are ready for the message that I'm delivering, and delivering with a sense of violent love.;Charlie Sheen;anger
The components of anxiety, stress, fear, and anger do not exist independently of you in the world. They simply do not exist in the physical world, even though we talk about them as if they do.;Wayne Dyer;anger
My recipe for dealing with anger and frustration: set the kitchen timer for twenty minutes, cry, rant, and rave, and at the sound of the bell, simmer down and go about business as usual.;Phyllis Diller;anger
It is wise to direct your anger towards problems - not people to focus your energies on answers - not excuses.;William Arthur Ward;anger
What I needed most was to love and to be loved, eager to be caught. Happily I wrapped those painful bonds around me and sure enough, I would be lashed with the red-hot pokers or jealousy, by suspicions and fear, by burst of anger and quarrels.;Saint Augustine;anger
There's nothing wrong with anger provided you use it constructively.;Wayne Dyer;anger
Love implies anger. The man who is angered by nothing cares about nothing.;Edward Abbey;anger
I have not lost faith in God. I have moments of anger and protest. Sometimes I've been closer to him for that reason.;Elie Wiesel;anger
Hurt leads to bitterness, bitterness to anger, travel too far that road and the way is lost.;Terry Brooks;anger
The ignorant mind, with its infinite afflictions, passions, and evils, is rooted in the three poisons. Greed, anger, and delusion.;Bodhidharma;anger
Anger cannot be dishonest.;Marcus Aurelius;anger
I don't think that you can fake warmth. You can fake lust, jealousy, anger those are all quite easy. But actual, genuine warmth? I don't think you can fake it.;Keira Knightley;anger
Genuine forgiveness does not deny anger but faces it head-on.;Alice Duer Miller;anger
Anger ventilated often hurries towards forgiveness anger concealed often hardens into revenge.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;anger
Anger: an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;anger
Anger is the most impotent of passions. It effects nothing it goes about, and hurts the one who is possessed by it more than the one against whom it is directed.;Carl Sandburg;anger
My friends, love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic. And we'll change the world.;Jack Layton;anger
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.;Thomas Paine;anger
Experiencing sadness and anger can make you feel more creative, and by being creative, you can get beyond your pain or negativity.;Yoko Ono;anger
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;anger
Anger is like those ruins which smash themselves on what they fall.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;anger
Guilt is anger directed at ourselves - at what we did or did not do. Resentment is anger directed at others - at what they did or did not do.;Peter McWilliams;anger
We're taught to be ashamed of confusion, anger, fear and sadness, and to me they're of equal value to happiness, excitement and inspiration.;Alanis Morissette;anger
I realized that if my thoughts immediately affect my body, I should be careful about what I think. Now if I get angry, I ask myself why I feel that way. If I can find the source of my anger, I can turn that negative energy into something positive.;Yoko Ono;anger
I'm not as angry as I used to be. But I can get in touch with that anger pretty quickly if I feel my space is being invaded or somebody is not treating me with the respect that I think I want.;Samuel L. Jackson;anger
The more anger towards the past you carry in your heart, the less capable you are of loving in the present.;Barbara de Angelis;anger
It isn't enough just to scream at the Occupy Wall Street demonstrations. We need our political system to start reflect this anger back into, 'How do we fix it? How do we get the economy going again?';Colin Powell;anger
Hatred is inveterate anger.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;anger
There's a lot of bitterness, there's a lot of anger out there. We all have to work hard to heal those wounds.;Allen Boyd;anger
The only justice is to follow the sincere intuition of the soul, angry or gentle. Anger is just, and pity is just, but judgement is never just.;David Herbert Lawrence;anger
Hatred is settled anger.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;anger
Obama and his attack dogs have nothing but hate and anger in their hearts and spew it whenever possible.;Donald Trump;anger
You must never be satisfied with losing. You must get angry, terribly angry, about losing. But the mark of the good loser is that he takes his anger out on himself and not his victorious opponents or on his teammates.;Richard M. Nixon;anger
The fear really hits you. That's what you feel first. And then it's the anger and frustration. Part of the problem is how little we understand about the ultimate betrayal of the body when it rebels against itself.;Charles Bronson;anger
Acting in anger and hatred throughout my life, I frequently precipitated what I feared most, the loss of friendships and the need to rely upon the very people I'd abused.;Luke Ford;anger
The one who cannot restrain their anger will wish undone, what their temper and irritation prompted them to do.;Horace;anger
Be modest, humble, simple. Control your anger.;Abraham Cahan;anger
People are always angry at America. They're absolutely certain that America either caused their problems or is deliberately not fixing their problems. But the anger is always directed at America and never at Americans.;P. J. O'Rourke;anger
You've just got to have a sense of respect for the person you have children with. Anger doesn't help anybody. Ultimately you have to say forgiveness is important, and honoring what you had together is important. But it's easy to say and harder to do.;Nicole Kidman;anger
As far as having peace within myself, the one way I can do that is forgiving the people who have done wrong to me. It causes more stress to build up anger. Peace is more productive.;Rodney King;anger
