You know when everyone's watching, your mom and dad, your friends in high school who thought they were better than you. You get your chance to get in the spotlight and shine.;Shaun Alexander;mom
I finished high school, moved to Nashville for college, and set out to break into the music business. Every night when I called home with news of my experiences, my mom and dad would encourage me to keep taking those small steps.;Trisha Yearwood;mom
My mom has a good way of engaging me in a conversation about the choices I make, listening, being objective and open-minded, and respecting those choices so long as they don't put me in danger.;Casey Affleck;mom
To this day, my mom's unsinkable spirit is an inspiration to me. For nearly thirty years, she's worked at the Library of Congress. Everyone knows Sameha simply as 'Sami.' Along with 500 miles of shelved books, her closest friendships are cataloged in that library. They are as much the value of work to my mom as is the work itself.;Hoda Kotb;mom
I can't remember a time when my mom didn't work. She has forever been on the move: a go-getter. When my brother Adel and I had a paper route as kids, my mom would get up before us at the crack of dawn to drop off the Washington Post at different corners.;Hoda Kotb;mom
I have a very close relationship with my mom, and I'm able to talk to her about anything.;Jessica Szohr;mom
Being an only child, I didn't have any other family but my mom and dad really, since the rest of my family lived quite far away from London.;Tom Hardy;mom
My mom put me in a Pampers commercial on TV.;Christian Slater;mom
My mom was always pretty supportive. She saw me do plays and she'd always act out the parts I did. My aunt, who played a big part in my life, was a little bit more reserved, because if they don't see you on TV every week they think you must be starving.;Angela Bassett;mom
There are lots of different ways for women to be a mom in this culture.;Kate Walsh;mom
My mom, she's a breast cancer survivor and because of that I had started getting mammograms once a year, starting at age 30.;Kate Walsh;mom
My mom was at every single game I played as a kid, rain or shine.;Ryne Sandberg;mom
Before becoming a mom, I never knew how good I had it to just spend time at a spa for a few hours. Now, those days are far and between. So when I have an hour, it's all about the mani and pedi.;Tia Mowry;mom
There is nothing like becoming a mom to fill you with fear.;Arianna Huffington;mom
Trying to be Supermom is as futile as trying to be Perfect Mom. Not going to happen.;Arianna Huffington;mom
When I get a new script my mom will read them and just be aghast. I think it's hysterical.;Alia Shawkat;mom
I would forgive my mom, but she's going to have to admit she did some things that were wrong.;Aaron Carter;mom
My mother and my grandmother are pioneers of Mexican cuisine in this country, so I grew up in the kitchen. My mom, Zarela Martinez, was by far my biggest influence and inspiration - and toughest critic.;Aaron Sanchez;mom
My mom bought me a white Strat, but that wasn't what I wanted, so I went to a guitar store in Cleveland and - the guy told me it was a really good deal - made an even swap for a blue Teisco Del Ray. I loved that guitar and used it a bunch.;Dan Auerbach;mom
If I lived alone, Mom'd never sleep because she wouldn't know I was okay.;Scott Baio;mom
I have a 16 year-old son, so I'm now a soccer mom. I stand on the sidelines and I hear the things parents are saying, so I want them to understand what it is their kids are feeling in any sports environment.;Brandi Chastain;mom
My parents and my grandfather on my mom's side would travel the earth. They went to Australia and China, and they went to probably every soccer game I ever played.;Brandi Chastain;mom
I don't know that I have any role models now that are fixed. Definitely my mom - she's the coolest. She's worked really hard her whole life and I just think she's got a great attitude. Moms just know so much it's so silly.;Larisa Oleynik;mom
My mom's one of 13 siblings, and they all got six kids, and till I was 13 everybody was in Compton.;Kendrick Lamar;mom
I love playing moms. It's a lot easier than being a mom, I hear.;Faith Ford;mom
When I was 12 I cried to my mom, because I never got my letter to Hogwarts.;Sara Paxton;mom
My mother smokes me out. We'll get these long periods of me thinking I'm too busy to call her up or e-mail her, and she'll send me something. My mom's a real whiner. I love her to death, but she always sends me these 'woe is me' things. I think she might be Jewish. I'm not sure. She's Baptist-Jewish, which is a double whammy.;Ronnie Dunn;mom
The rule with my mom was that the only way that I could be an actress when I was young was that I continued to go to public school and get straight A's in all my classes.;Sara Paxton;mom
Death can't be so bad if mom went through it. It makes it easier for the child to follow.;Danny Aiello;mom
My mom always said that if the Protestants catch a Catholic in their church, they feed them to the Jews.;Kate O'Brien;mom
I deal with postpartum feelings by reaching out to mom friends. I became very close with some of the women in my prenatal yoga class.;Alyssa Milano;mom
The first few weeks of being a mom were profound, not just emotionally but also, physically. All the changes you instinctually go through are miraculous.;Alyssa Milano;mom
When I was a kid and got in trouble, I'd always say, Mom, I'm in trouble. Well, Mom, I'm in trouble.;Earl Campbell;mom
As a busy working mom I'm always pressed for time, so a quick and easy beauty routine is key!;Angela Kinsey;mom
My mom, the fabulous Bertie Kinsey, is an amazing seamstress. She quilts and sews and is so crafty. We call her the Southern Martha Stewart!;Angela Kinsey;mom
I think it's a tough road if you're a stay-at-home mom, a working mom, if you have a partner, if you don't. It's the best job in the world, and the toughest job in the world all at the same time.;Angela Kinsey;mom
My very sassy, older southern sister is very quick to point out that it's a luxury that my daughter gets to come to work with me. She does, and I have lunch with her every single day. My mom says I have 'high class problems.';Angela Kinsey;mom
Now that I'm a mom, I'm way more laid back. If you come into my house, don't look for a coaster. Forget it. There is not a piece of furniture in my house now that is too precious.;Angela Kinsey;mom
I'm like any working mom.;Kelly Ripa;mom
But to sustain a marriage for 50 years, you have to get real a little bit and find someone who is understanding and who you can grow with. My mom always says, 'Marry the man who loves you a millimeter more.';Ali Larter;mom
I'm talking like 10, 12 years old. Either junior brings Mom and Pop or Mom and Pop bring the kids. I'm talking young here, not a college drinking crowd.;George Thorogood;mom
My mom, she's from Ireland, coached tennis in Nigeria when she was a missionary and turned me on to it when I was young.;Donal Logue;mom
Becoming a mom made me more contentious about expressing my true taste.;Edie Brickell;mom
My mom was a source of strength.She showed me by example that women, regardless of how difficult life may get, can do it all.;Gloria Estefan;mom
My mom was definitely very strict with me.;Gloria Estefan;mom
I dyed my hair blonde when I was 14. My mom was not happy. But I love being blonde.;Rita Ora;mom
My mom's a Catholic, and my dad's a Jew, and they didn't want anything to do with anything.;Isabelle Huppert;mom
Before I was a mom I used to think that parents who worried about their kids watching MTV were just clueless. Now that I'm a mom, I see what the fuss was all about!;Martha Quinn;mom
My mom FedExes a red velvet cake she makes from scratch to me every birthday.;Molly Sims;mom
I remember my mom dressed like Janis Joplin.;Bryan White;mom
It was sort of just a family sport. My mom and dad were pretty keen golfers when I was young and so were my grandparents, and I just sort of tagged along with them.;Karrie Webb;mom
I showed my mom the movie then I told her the movie got bought and that it was gonna be shown in theatres and be on video. Everyone was really psyched about it. Everyone in my little town of hounds started to call me movie star.;Jason Mewes;mom
A Modern Mom to me is not always someone that juggles a career and family. A Modern Mom is a woman who takes care of herself on the inside and the outside.;Regina King;mom
I learned a lot from my Mom. My favorite lesson: remember there is no such thing as a certain way to parent and to remember that you are learning along with your child - it's ok to make mistakes.;Regina King;mom
There are days when I wonder why my mom couldn't be here to see this.;Maya Rudolph;mom
My mom was onstage when she was pregnant with me.;Zosia Mamet;mom
Of course, I would be depressed sometimes, and my Mom would be worried about me because I would just sleep to escape. Cause I was so scared of being a musician or artist, or whatever you want to call it.;Chantal Kreviazuk;mom
I was into opera as a kid - I'd play 'Carmen' and sing and dance. My mom signed me up for a theater group before preschool, and I never looked back.;Nina Arianda;mom
I begged my mom to let me start skating.;Debi Thomas;mom
I would make my mom buy me the toy doctor kit.;Debi Thomas;mom
I was born and raised in the high desert of Nevada in a tiny town called Searchlight. My dad was a hard rock miner. My mom took in wash. I grew up around people of strong values - even if they rarely talked about them.;Harry Reid;mom
I remember my mom saying to me that what your friends do is one thing, but what you do could be on the front page of the paper.;Scott McClellan;mom
I've looked at pictures that my mom has of me, from when I was four years old at the turntable. I'm there, reaching up to play the records. I feel like I was bred to do what I do. I've been into music, and listening to music and critiquing it, my whole life.;Dr. Dre;mom
My mom has this great skiing event in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, every year for a local charity.;Joely Fisher;mom
I suddenly had this really mad desire to have an affair with a woman. I was divorced. I was childless. I figured there's got to be one more way to really tick off my mom.;Carol Leifer;mom
My mom is in her mid-60s and has more energy and is more youthful than any human being I know. It's pretty incredible.;Oliver Hudson;mom
I don't think I would have been able to stick with it and been proud of who I am and be feminine out on the court. I think I would have folded to the peer pressure if I didn't have my mom to encourage me to be me and be proud of how tall I am.;Lisa Leslie;mom
For me, being tall was very positive because I thought my mom was the most beautiful person ever.;Lisa Leslie;mom
My mom didn't ever think I would take to acting because I was a very shy, very reserved kind of child. But obviously, something changed!;Abigail Breslin;mom
I was watching TV at age 9 or 10, and my mom said that I came from the front room and I told her that I want to act. And she said if you want to do this at 18, then you can. It was a very simple story, yet, I do not even remember the conversation that I had with my mother. Until she reminded me of the story many years later.;Derek Luke;mom
I've always wanted to be an actress, ever since I was a little girl. I always played the mom and I played my sister as the daughter. I wanted to be an actress on television and movies instead of just around the house.;Dakota Fanning;mom
My dad named me Dakota and my mom came up with my first name Hannah. So it's Hannah Dakota Fanning.;Dakota Fanning;mom
I didn't really know what I wanted to do, and then I got this call from a casting director in Los Angeles. She remembered me from something years before, and she called my mom wanting me to audition for this thing.;Scott Speedman;mom
My mom would be leaving the house and she'd say, 'Don't you pull out all of the old dresses in the attic and put on a show again!' And the door would close, and that's exactly what I'd do. The show was calling me!;Michael Patrick King;mom
I do believe that there are African Americans who have thick accents. My mom has a thick accent my relatives have thick accents. But sometimes you have to adjust when you go into the world of film, TV, theatre, in order to make it accessible to people.;Viola Davis;mom
My mom once lost track of me at the zoo and when she found me I was lecturing a man about the difference between dromedary and Bactrian camels. I was about 3 1/2.;Patrick Rothfuss;mom
Work ethic has always been stressed in my family. My dad is going to be 80 years old and he still works part time. My mom just retired a couple years ago and she's in her mid- to late 70s.;Jamie Moyer;mom
I was home-schooled, was always very close with my mom and was very straight-laced and square. I was never the rebellious one, and I never threw hissy fits.;Brie Larson;mom
I was 3 when I told my mom that I knew what my dharma was and that I wanted to be an actor.;Brie Larson;mom
For a kid who's lost his mom and all the rage and grief that no one was able to talk out of me, football was a very therapeutic sport. Very.;Jon Hamm;mom
I wanted to marry a girl just like my mom.;Michael Bergin;mom
But the fact is, I'm not work-identified. I'm not a lawyer or a writer. I'm a mom, and I'm a woman, and that's the kind of people I want to see in books in the starring role.;Lisa Scottoline;mom
My father left... but I tell my mom - and I told my mom this when I was a kid - I said, 'You know what, Mom? Good thing he left because you're a strong woman.';J. R. Martinez;mom
When I came out of my mom's womb, I had 'sitcom' stamped on my forehead.;Sean Hayes;mom
I played with dolls until I was 15. My mother encouraged it because my older sister got married when she was 15, so Mom thought that the longer I stayed with dolls, the better.;Linda Evans;mom
I'm probably a little more like my dad. But because of my mom, I never saw being a woman as being an impediment to being able to do something. She had her Ph.D. before I was born.;Mary Cheney;mom
My brother Jim and I spent many wonderful summers working on dairy farms in Wisconsin owned by Mom's cousins, and as members of our local Boy Scout troop.;Peter Agre;mom
When Queer Eye hit, the church told my mom they were praying for me. She said, God loves him too. And I support him 100 percent.;Jai Rodriguez;mom
My mom doesn't get the whole gay thing, but she loves me.;Jai Rodriguez;mom
I had said to some pastor that I was having thoughts, and the church turned on me. They went to my mom and said, So sorry about your son.;Jai Rodriguez;mom
I am a mom as well as a senator!;Patty Murray;mom
I had so many offers after 'True Blood' for things that were someone in the same vein, but nowhere near Alan Ball's vision. Or something that was over-the-top and fantastical. And I've always wanted to play the regular, working-class mom, and I've never really had the chance to do that.;Michelle Forbes;mom
I'd never really babysat. I feel like I'm Blair, or 'Gossip Girl.' A teenager, basically - and now suddenly I'm a mom?;Cecily von Ziegesar;mom
I always wanted to be a mom.;Kate Hudson;mom
When my dad was badly weakened by the flu and my mom wanted to call an ambulance to take him to the emergency room, he wouldn't go unless he could shave first and change into a nice shirt and a pair of slacks.;Rich Lowry;mom
I don't deal with death very well. My brother, John Candy, my dad, my mom, Brandon Tartikoff just a couple of weeks ago. I mean, you lose a lot of people in your life, and that's one thing I am constantly working on - pain management.;James Belushi;mom
Every family is different. I am mom and I am dad and I'm going to do my best. You should be proud, walk through life saying I have the coolest family. I am part of a modern family.;Ricky Martin;mom
I would borrow my mom's red Borghese lipstick and smear it on like a clown!;Brooke Burns;mom
There was a point - when I was a kid - where I said I wanted to be like Luke Skywalker, with blond hair and blue eyes. My mom right there told me to never be ashamed of who I am.;Chaske Spencer;mom
