But while we all pray for peace, we do not always, as free citizens, support the policies that make for peace or reject those which do not. We want our own kind of peace, brought about in our own way.;Lester B. Pearson;peace
Most people go, I wish for world peace. But chaos has a place in balancing out the light and the dark in the world. I don't know if I would wish for world peace.;Brendan Fraser;peace
The wise man... if he would live at peace with others, he will bear and forbear.;Samuel Smiles;peace
Other people do not have to change for us to experience peace of mind.;Gerald Jampolsky;peace
I've always been proud that my name stands for peace.;Paloma Picasso;peace
A decision once taken brings peace to a man's mind and eases his soul.;Mika Waltari;peace
I really am a woman at peace.;Laura Schlessinger;peace
May we be saved from evil thoughts and deed of enemies of world peace who find pleasure in creating havoc and perpetrating all forms of carnage.;Yahya Jammeh;peace
The Peace Corps is a sort of Howard Johnson's on the main drag into maturity.;Paul Theroux;peace
When I was in the Peace Corps I never made a phone call. I was in Central Africa I didn't make a phone call for two years. I was in Uganda for another four years and I didn't make a phone call. So for six years I didn't make a phone call, but I wrote letters, I wrote short stories, I wrote books.;Paul Theroux;peace
If you do your research on hot springs all over the world, they're usually places of peace. People, even in warring nations and so forth, they'll go and live in peace together around the hot springs, which were always considered medicinal. I firmly believe in water therapy.;Larry Hagman;peace
Where I once constantly lost my temper, I found myself arriving at a crisis and experiencing peace.;Josh McDowell;peace
The World Trade Center is a living symbol of man's dedication to world peace... a representation of man's belief in humanity, his need for individual dignity, his beliefs in the cooperation of men, and, through cooperation, his ability to find greatness.;Minoru Yamasaki;peace
If the history of the past fifty years teaches us anything, it is that peace does not follow disarmament - disarmament follows peace.;Bernard Baruch;peace
Any idealist who tries to join the Peace Corps must realize he is not going to change the world overnight.;Sargent Shriver;peace
The Peace Corps is guilty of enthusiasm and a crusading spirit. But we're not apologetic about it.;Sargent Shriver;peace
The Dalai Lama's entire being is about peace and harmony, forgiveness and self-discipline. Those are qualities to be admired. I am really looking forward to meeting His Holiness.;Joe Nichols;peace
The Nobel Peace Prize has become hopelessly politicized. I think it cheapens the prize itself.;John Bolton;peace
Peace is not the absence of conflict but the presence of creative alternatives for responding to conflict - alternatives to passive or aggressive responses, alternatives to violence.;Dorothy Thompson;peace
Success is not assured, but America is resolute: this is the best chance for peace we are likely to see for some years to come - and we are acting to help Israelis and Palestinians seize this chance.;Condoleezza Rice;peace
I just can't seem to write songs about peace and love. Yeah right, how do you get that?;Siobhan Fahey;peace
Our science has become terrible, our research dangerous, our findings deadly. We physicists have to make peace with reality. Reality is not as strong as we are. We will ruin reality.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;peace
All my life I've taken photographs of people who are completely at peace being what they were in the situations I photographed them in.;Jock Sturges;peace
Arafat was a barrier to peace.;Charles Schumer;peace
You can set up whatever negotiations or structure you want, but until the Palestinians are willing to accept the fact, as the majority of Israelis do, that there should be two states between the Jordan and the Mediterranean, we won't have peace.;Charles Schumer;peace
I do not support peace in the Middle East. And I do not support Arafat. He is a stupid, incompetent fool!;Muammar al-Gaddafi;peace
Another essential to a universal and durable peace is social justice.;Arthur Henderson;peace
As a first step there must be an offer to achieve equality of rights in disarmament by abolishing the weapons forbidden to the Central Powers by the Peace Treaties.;Arthur Henderson;peace
He would see civilization in danger of perishing under the oppression of a gigantic paradox: he would see multitudes of people starving in the midst of plenty, and nations preparing for war although pledged to peace.;Arthur Henderson;peace
It is because I believe that it is in the power of such nations to lead the world back into the paths of peace that I propose to devote myself to explaining what, in my opinion, can and should be done to banish the fear of war that hangs so heavily over the world.;Arthur Henderson;peace
The Disarmament Conference has become the focal point of a great struggle between anarchy and world order... between those who think in terms of inevitable armed conflict and those who seek to build a universal and durable peace.;Arthur Henderson;peace
The question is, what are we to do in order to consolidate peace on a universal and durable foundation, and what are the essential elements of such a peace?;Arthur Henderson;peace
The years of the economic depression have been years of political reaction, and that is why the economic crisis has generated a world peace crisis.;Arthur Henderson;peace
Those nations have a very great responsibility at this juncture of the world's affairs, for by throwing their joint weight into the scales of history on the right side, they may tip the balance decisively in favour of peace.;Arthur Henderson;peace
Thus, the struggle for peace includes the struggle for freedom and justice for the masses of all countries.;Arthur Henderson;peace
If one seeks to analyze experiences and reactions to the first postwar years, I hope one may say without being accused of bias that it is easier for the victor than for the vanquished to advocate peace.;Gustav Stresemann;peace
Peace does exist. It exists in your heart and soul.;Sharon Stone;peace
Peace, if it ever exists, will not be based on the fear of war but on the love of peace.;Julien Benda;peace
There is peace more destructive of the manhood of living man than war is destructive of his material body.;Douglas William Jerrold;peace
Sinn Fein has productively taken the example of South Africa and, as we develop the peace process, we continue to use examples from South Africa.;Gerry Adams;peace
God willing, we shall come to a stage where the world looks at the Palestinian question, and Palestinian rights on Palestinian national soil, as well as the questions of the occupied Syrian and Lebanese territories. These are the bases on which peace will be built.;King Hussein I;peace
Military hardliners called me a 'security threat' for promoting peace in South Asia and for supporting a broad-based government in Afghanistan.;Benazir Bhutto;peace
We have a long way to go before we are able to hear the voices of everyone on earth, but I believe that providing voices and building bridges is essential for the World Peace we all wish for.;Joichi Ito;peace
I find peace anywhere I go. It depends on what is within the walls of my own home.;Brooke Burke;peace
I build a kind of wall between myself and t he model so that I can paint in peace behind it. Otherwise, she might say something that confuses and distracts me.;Edvard Munch;peace
My message is all about peace.;Puff Daddy;peace
I pray daily... for peace.;Paul O'Neill;peace
The practice of peace and reconciliation is one of the most vital and artistic of human actions.;Nhat Hanh;peace
Once I accepted Christ I immediately had peace. I still didn't have a place to live, I still didn't have a car, but I had peace.;Sherri Shepherd;peace
Let peace, descending from her native heaven, bid her olives spring amidst the joyful nations and plenty, in league with commerce, scatter blessings from her copious hand!;Daniel Boone;peace
We have peace with God as soon as we believe, but not always with ourselves. The pardon may be past the prince's hand and seal, and yet not put into the prisoner's hand.;William Gurnall;peace
I never will have peace of mind. I'm not constructed that way. Some things in life can be horrible.;Julie Christie;peace
The United States is not a nation to which peace is a necessity.;Grover Cleveland;peace
I was a sports fan, but I also went to peace marches.;Tim Robbins;peace
But if our nation goes over a financial Niagara, we won't have much strength and, eventually, we won't have peace. We are currently borrowing the entire defense budget from foreign investors. Within a few years, we will be spending more on interest payments than on national security. That is not, as our military friends say, a 'robust strategy.';Mitch Daniels;peace
If our nation goes over a financial Niagara, we won't have much strength and, eventually, we won't have peace. We are currently borrowing the entire defense budget from foreign investors. Within a few years, we will be spending more on interest payments than on national security. That is not, as our military friends say, a 'robust strategy.';Mitch Daniels;peace
The Vietnamese people deeply love independence, freedom and peace. But in the face of United States aggression they have risen up, united as one man.;Ho Chi Minh;peace
I accepted the interviews and encounters that had to be held with the media, but I would have preferred to work in peace.;Naguib Mahfouz;peace
Whatever efforts for peace President Gorbachev had in mind, they were pretty substantially undercut very swiftly by Saddam Hussein.;John Major;peace
Reconciliation should be accompanied by justice, otherwise it will not last. While we all hope for peace it shouldn't be peace at any cost but peace based on principle, on justice.;Corazon Aquino;peace
Each one of these treaties is a step for the maintenance of peace, an additional guarantee against war. It is through such machinery that the disputes between nations will be settled and war prevented.;Frank B. Kellogg;peace
Certain it is that a great responsibility rests upon the statesmen of all nations, not only to fulfill the promises for reduction in armaments, but to maintain the confidence of the people of the world in the hope of an enduring peace.;Frank B. Kellogg;peace
Lord, Bless our enemies have mercy upon them, may they turn their course and let us alone, and let us live in peace at our homes in our own native land.;William Pennington;peace
There is nothing more agreeable in life than to make peace with the Establishment - and nothing more corrupting.;A. J. P. Taylor;peace
The only peace that can be made with a dictator is once that must be based on deterrence. For today, the dictator may be your friend, but tomorrow he will need you as an enemy.;Natan Sharansky;peace
When we are unwilling to draw clear moral lines between free societies and fear societies, when we are unwilling to call the former good and the latter evil, we will not be able to advance the cause of peace because peace cannot be disconnected from freedom.;Natan Sharansky;peace
My politics are of a practical kind - the integrity of the country, the supremacy of the Federal government, an honorable peace, or none at all.;Winfield Scott Hancock;peace
The progress of freedom depends more upon the maintenance of peace, the spread of commerce, and the diffusion of education, than upon the labors of cabinets and foreign offices.;Richard Cobden;peace
We can bomb the world to pieces, but we can't bomb it into peace.;Michael Franti;peace
Only to the extent that men desire peace and brotherhood can the world be made better. No peace even though temporarily obtained, will be permanent, whether to individuals or nations, unless it is built upon the solid foundation of eternal principles.;David O. McKay;peace
Peace is a never ending process... It cannot ignore our differences or overlook our common interests. It requires us to work and live together.;Oscar Arias Sanchez;peace
I have had a very difficult time with stage fright it undermines your well-being and peace of mind, and it can also threaten your livelihood.;Renee Fleming;peace
I just always have to cry out a breakup, and then I can make peace with it pretty quickly.;Brittany Murphy;peace
Self-Realization Fellowship seemed like training. It was the training ground for finding a sense of peace in myself. Because that's my job. It's no one else's.;Mariel Hemingway;peace
That is why if Lebanon concludes a peace agreement with Israel and brings that accord to the Parliament our deputies will reject it Hezbollah refuses any conciliation with Israel in principle.;Hassan Nasrallah;peace
We extend our hand towards peace. Our people are committed to peace. We know that peace entails painful compromise for both sides.;Ariel Sharon;peace
Like all Israelis, I yearn for peace. I see the utmost importance in taking all possible steps that will lead to a solution of the conflict with the Palestinians.;Ariel Sharon;peace
For me, peace should provide security to the Jewish people.;Ariel Sharon;peace
Peace should provide security. It should be durable. I'm ready to go far in making painful concessions. But there is one thing I will never make any concessions on and that's the security of the Israeli citizens and the very existence of the state of Israel. The Palestinians are losing time.;Ariel Sharon;peace
I am 73 years old. I've seen everything. I've met the kings, the queens, the presidents, I've been around the world. I have one thing that I would like to do: to try to reach peace.;Ariel Sharon;peace
To the citizens of Israel, I say: we have passed difficult years, faced the most painful experiences and overcame them. The future lies before us. We are required to take difficult and controversial steps, but we must not miss the opportunity to try to achieve what we have wished for, for so many years: security, tranquillity and peace.;Ariel Sharon;peace
If there will be a serious Palestinian prime minister who makes a 100 percent effort to end terrorism, then we can have peace. Each side has to take steps. If terror continues, there will not be an independent Palestinian state. Israel will not accept it, if terror continues.;Ariel Sharon;peace
I don't think I have accomplished what I still have to accomplish. There is one thing that I would like to do, and that's to bring security and peace to the Jewish people.;Ariel Sharon;peace
I know that. I'm having a ball. I'm not slap happy. I'm just filled up with joy and with peace and with all kinds of things that have eluded me for quite a few years. And they're back and they're thriving.;Liza Minnelli;peace
We remain at peace with all nations, and no efforts on my part consistent with the preservation of our rights and the honor of the country shall be spared to maintain a position so consonant to our institutions.;Martin Van Buren;peace
I cannot imagine any writer who would not fight for his peace and quiet.;Wislawa Szymborska;peace
Vegetarianism is a link to perfection and peace.;River Phoenix;peace
I am President of the UN created University for Peace, which has a strong commitment to the relationship between peace, security and the environment. I meet with young people around the world and I always come away enthused and encouraged.;Maurice Strong;peace
One little person, giving all of her time to peace, makes news. Many people, giving some of their time, can make history.;Peace Pilgrim;peace
And I have lived since - as you have - in a period of cold war, during which we have ensured by our achievements in the science and technology of destruction that a third act in this tragedy of war will result in the peace of extinction.;Lester B. Pearson;peace
As for the promotion of peace congresses we have had our meetings and assemblies, but the promotion through them of the determined and effective will to peace displaying itself in action and policy remains to be achieved.;Lester B. Pearson;peace
I cannot think of anything more difficult than to say something which would be worthy of this impressive and, for me, memorable occasion, and of the ideals and purposes which inspired the Nobel Peace Award.;Lester B. Pearson;peace
It would be especially tragic if the people who most cherish ideals of peace, who are most anxious for political cooperation on a wider than national scale, made the mistake of underestimating the pace of economic change in our modern world.;Lester B. Pearson;peace
The choice, however, is as clear now for nations as it was once for the individual: peace or extinction.;Lester B. Pearson;peace
True there has been more talk of peace since 1945 than, I should think, at any other time in history. At least we hear more and read more about it because man's words, for good or ill, can now so easily reach the millions.;Lester B. Pearson;peace
I would like to end world hunger and create world peace, stop corruption, stop drugs getting to kids.;Kelly Preston;peace
Peace without justice is tyranny.;William Allen White;peace
When resources are degraded, we start competing for them, whether it is at the local level in Kenya, where we had tribal clashes over land and water, or at the global level, where we are fighting over water, oil, and minerals. So one way to promote peace is to promote sustainable management and equitable distribution of resources.;Wangari Maathai;peace
I think that this is the first war in history that on the morrow the victors sued for peace and the vanquished called for unconditional surrender.;Abba Eban;peace
