I totally related to Cole Porter's magnetic pull to any piano that was in the room, which he was famous for doing, as was Gershwin. You couldn't drag them away from a piano.;Kevin Kline;famous
Celebrity culture, it's everywhere, isn't it? It's reality TV, Big Brother. I didn't become a footballer to be famous, I became a footballer to be successful. I didn't want to be famous. Now people want to be famous. Why? Why would you want people following you about all day?;Ryan Giggs;famous
Being famous as a writer is like being famous in a village. It's not really any very heady fame.;Peter Carey;famous
I don't want to be famous per se, but I want to write books for as long as I can. And I plan on writing a lot.;Amanda Hocking;famous
It's not that I don't want to become famous or that I'm obsessed by my work as an actress, but it's all about not limiting myself, such as putting myself in a little jail that I can escape from.;Sarah Polley;famous
I heard so many stories from Gaomi's peasants that I had an irrepressible urge to write them down. Today, Gaomi's peasants know that they have become famous around the world through my writings, but I think they are a little puzzled by this.;Mo Yan;famous
I don't care how famous a guitarist is, he ain't learned everything. There's always somewhere to go, something to mash up, but he ain't found it yet. You never learn everything on that guitar neck.;David Edwards;famous
Normally, I name my characters after famous comedians.;Paula Danziger;famous
I don't want to be famous as a movie star and have the whole world love me, I want to be a creative actress.;Juliette Lewis;famous
I'm really not for famous people who design a line for a company, when you know it's not really them creating it but a team of designers, especially when there are so many talented people who've taken the time to go and study fashion.;Bonnie Wright;famous
Those who have known the famous are publicly debriefed of their memories, knowing as their own dusk falls that they will only be remembered for remembering someone else.;Alan Bennett;famous
I always thought it was strange when these artists like Kurt Cobain or whoever would get really famous and say, 'I don't understand why this is happening to me.' There is a mathematical formula to why you got famous. It isn't some magical thing that just started happening.;Chad Kroeger;famous
I think actors are divided into two groups: one that wants to be an actor to become famous and rich, and the other that wants to be an actor because they have to be. I'm more in the second group.;Franka Potente;famous
I think there are a lot more writers who are actors than you know they just don't have roles on famous TV shows that you recognize.;Danny Strong;famous
I have also just finished three weeks on a soap opera in England. The soap opera is a rather famous one called Crossroads. It was first on television 25 years ago, and it has recently been brought back. I play the part of a businessman called David Wheeler.;Jeremy Bulloch;famous
I can deal with it now, but 13 is a tough age to be recognized and famous. It's a tough age, period.;Bill Skarsgard;famous
These days there are a lot of people who just want to be famous. I think that comes from a naive place, because those people generally don't know what it's like.;Catherine Keener;famous
I don't think I'll ever be comfortable with the idea of being famous.;Alison Lohman;famous
Having bodyguards is just part of being famous, I think.;Dolph Lundgren;famous
By virtue of some of the ways the game is played, in terms of message discipline, in terms of access for reporters, and especially in the way that sources and subjects, especially famous subjects, treat the media, almost by default there's more news that's falling into books.;Ron Suskind;famous
I got out of autobiography because my story is, I was famous, it was hard for me, I got into therapy. I had trouble with food, I got a nutritionist. There's no story there.;Courtney Thorne Smith;famous
'Howard the Duck!' That's a really interesting movie. I appreciate my career, because I've had a lot of very interesting ups and downs, and most people... That movie is such a famous flop. In a land of a lot of flops, it's kind of awesome to be in a really famous flop. I mean, it's kind of a poster child for flops.;Lea Thompson;famous
Going to New York to do whatever - show business - it just seemed fun. It seemed fun to go to the big city and meet all kinds of different people and maybe be famous. It was just exciting. So I wasn't scared.;January Jones;famous
At each of these northern posts there were interesting experiences in store for me, as one who had read all the books of northern travel and dreamed for half a lifetime of the north and that was - almost daily meeting with famous men.;Ernest Thompson Seton;famous
Right now I'm the most famous silent movie actress in the world and I want to keep that for me. So I hope there's not going to be any other silent movies.;Berenice Bejo;famous
If somebody tells me I'm famous I say, 'I'm not.' I can't see myself as famous and I don't think I'll ever call myself famous. I definitely don't feel famous.;Shayne Ward;famous
OK, so I'm not famous for the right reasons.;William Hung;famous
I'm the guy that made Joe DiMaggio famous.;Lefty Gomez;famous
It's weird to have people so interested in your personal life. It's a part of the business that grosses me out. I'm always bummed out for people who just happen to be dating a celebrity, and they're also famous, and they can't live their life.;Andy Samberg;famous
So I'm a young boy in the 1940s growing up, seeing Ralph Bunche on a regular basis, seeing Duke Ellington on a regular basis. We know that these people are famous. They're living in the same community as we live in. They go to the same stores and shops.;Ed Smith;famous
When I came to New York, I began to meet the people who became the most famous artists of our time. I was insecure about my own level of ability, I didn't know whether I could compete with these people and, at the same time. I was wondering what is this anyway?;Henry Flynt;famous
People seldom become famous for what they say until after they are famous for what they've done.;Cullen Hightower;famous
And my marriage was perfect when I wasn't famous.;Damon Wayans;famous
I never thought about being famous.;Damon Wayans;famous
I'm famous for being nicer to my fans than anyone on the face of the Earth because I figure a) They pay my salary, and b) It's probably like a big moment in your life to meet somebody so I would say, just come on up.;James Woods;famous
I always regarded people who want fame with a lot of suspicion. Unless you have a product to sell, I don't know why anyone would want to be famous. I can't imagine what need that would fill.;Jessica Cutler;famous
Some people with blogs are never going to get famous, and they've been doing it for, like, over a year. I feel bad for them.;Jessica Cutler;famous
I've always been successful. Now I'm famous and successful.;Chazz Palminteri;famous
Being very famous is not the fun it sounds. It merely means you're being chased by a lot of people and you lose your privacy.;Colin Wilson;famous
I'm famous by default. I came out of the womb, and people wanted to know who I was because of my parents.;Frances Bean Cobain;famous
All I say is that I don't go out with famous men.;Samantha Mumba;famous
I didn't set out to be famous if I'd wanted that, I would have gone on 'Big Brother.';Sam Worthington;famous
I've never been more famous than I was, suddenly, in 1986.;Wendy Cope;famous
I fear that, in the end, the famous debate among materialists, idealists, and dualists amounts to a merely verbal dispute that is more a matter for the linguist than for the speculative philosopher.;Moses Mendelssohn;famous
I don't feel I was ever a 'famous' child actor. I was just a working actor who happened to be a kid. I was never really in a hit show until I was a teenager with West Wing playing First Daughter Zoey Bartlet. In a way, that was my saving grace - not being a star on a hit show. It kept me working and kept me grounded.;Elizabeth Moss;famous
When you become famous, you start getting invites to parties where there are famous athletes and famous rock stars, politicians, people who have tremendous power and affluence. It's not in my DNA, but certainly I have been exposed to it.;Billy Baldwin;famous
I wanted to be a rich, famous rock-and-roll star in that order.;Dee Snider;famous
It's not a matter of becoming a superstar. Fame and money aren't the purpose of all this. No actor's going to say, 'I don't want to be famous.' But the main purpose for doing what I'm doing is the passion in the work.;Christopher Lambert;famous
I think success right now is not about how famous you are or how much you're getting paid, but it's more about if you're steadily working and you're happy with what you're doing.;Sarah Hyland;famous
I grew up being the girl who would always tune in to watch famous people talk about their careers, how they handled scandals and mega fame. I'm trying to pick up tips.;Rebecca Black;famous
The first syndicating I tried was when two partners and I created a production company in 1952. We wanted to syndicate famous Bible stories and sell them for $25 a show.;Casey Kasum;famous
We had an interesting thing at that first dinner. It was prior to the availability of several new hotels in Los Angeles, and we were more or less committed to the old Ambassador Hotel that has the famous Coconut Grove.;Lew Wasserman;famous
I had a very famous trainer tell me once, 'You can usually train a wild animal but never tame a wild animal, ever.' They are always going to be wild, no matter what anybody says.;Jack Hanna;famous
I became an actor, and because I had success as an actor, I became famous. I was acting for quite a while before I got famous television made me famous. I guess that it's television that is responsible for everybody's desire to be famous.;Kelsey Grammer;famous
I'm really in no danger of being perceived as a famous movie actor!;Lyle Lovett;famous
My goal and my career is definitely not to be famous. That's a really horrible goal, just to be famous for the sake of having fame.;Joel McHale;famous
I'm following my dreams and doing what I love as a designer. I did not want to be one of those kids with a famous last name that doesn't do anything. That is very unfulfilling to me and I'm very happy.;Nicky Hilton;famous
I actually don't feel famous.;Anwar Robinson;famous
Most of my life I have played a lot of famous people but most of them were dead so you have a poetic license.;Christopher Plummer;famous
I don't want to be more famous than what I have right now. At least in that sense where people come up to me in the grocery store.;Kathleen Robertson;famous
I thought that somehow your life would be much different when you're famous... and it's not. You just buy more stuff.;Nicole Sullivan;famous
I don't have the life of a famous person. But I do feel like I've been able to connect with a lot of people.;Ann Brashares;famous
I don't know about this thing - being famous. I haven't figured it out yet. It still mystifies me.;Helen Slater;famous
Few if any teenagers can relate to getting up for school and finding famous comics like Pryor and Williams hanging out in your living room after a hard night of partying. But that's Hollywood.;Pauly Shore;famous
If it's not some daring, dangerous affair, it's just not interesting, or so it seems. So, here you have two people - a famous American iconic couple - who actually like each other sexually, in marriage. Imagine.;Shelley Long;famous
My office walls are covered with autographs of famous writers - it's what my children call my 'dead author wall.' I have signatures from Mark Twain, Earnest Hemingway, Jack London, Harriett Beecher Stowe, Pearl Buck, Charles Dickens, Rudyard Kipling, Alfred, Lord Tennyson, to name a few.;Debbie Macomber;famous
King Crimson were the only really famous band I'd been in.;Jamie Muir;famous
When you're famous, you don't get to meet people because they want you to like them when the present themselves to you, and you don't see the real people.;Cass Elliot;famous
Of course, Hollywood is still making some excellent pictures which reflect the great artistry that made Hollywood famous throughout the world, but these films are exceptions, judging from box office returns and press reviews.;Pola Negri;famous
Well, I think a lot of people just want to be famous.;Dan Fogler;famous
Popstars really draws you in. It's fascinating. It's interesting to watch people thrown together in that kind of a situation. Even if the egos weren't involved and they weren't trying to be world famous. It's the Real World, only better.;Scott Patterson;famous
I want to be so famous that drag queens will dress like me in parades when I'm dead.;Laura Kightlinger;famous
It's funny to be discovered by a lot of people who didn't know you before. People always used to say, 'Do you shop at Home Depot?' or 'Does your kid go to such and such school?' They want to know why they know me, even if they don't know my name. I don't think that's a bad thing, by the way I think it's nice to be kind of anonymously famous.;Terry O'Quinn;famous
I was brought up with psychics and tarot cards. My mum was always told I was going to be in a boy band and be famous as a singer.;Lee Ryan;famous
When you reach a certain status in Hollywood, you have to play a lot of games to stay in the limelight. It becomes more about being famous than being an actor.;Jason Lee;famous
I wasn't a kid who moved out from Iowa with aspirations of becoming a famous star - I was intrigued by the idea of filmmaking and by the idea of what it would be like to play a character in a movie.;Jason Lee;famous
I love meeting famous people. I'm even happy just looking at them.;Joey McIntyre;famous
It's every teenager's dream to be in a band, tour the world and be famous.;Joey McIntyre;famous
What Whitney Houston has accomplished will never be accomplished. She's the most famous person on the planet as far as vocaling and her songs. So I'm very happy that I can sit here and say I had a chance to know her. And I'm still dazed that she's gone. But she lives because her music is so powerful.;Narada Michael Walden;famous
It wasn't not being famous any more, or even not being a recording artist. It was having nobody who needed me, no phones ringing, nothing to do. Because I'm still too young to do nothing. I was only 24 when all that happened. Now, at 40, I feel I've got more to give than I ever have.;Gary Barlow;famous
When I was in fourth grade... this wonderful teacher said you didn't have to write a book report, you could just talk about the book, you could do a drawing of the book, you could write a play inspired by the book, and that's what I did. I got to be so famous. I had to go around to every school and perform it. It was just so natural and fun.;Didi Conn;famous
Becoming famous and selling a lot of records doesn't change a thing.;Macy Gray;famous
I'm famous. That's my job.;Jerry Rubin;famous
Fame is something I think happens as a result of trying to do good work. If you're trying to be famous, your work usually suffers.;Justin Theroux;famous
I haven't paid for anything since I became famous.;Melissa de la Cruz;famous
Once you start telling people you're famous, they believe you.;Melissa de la Cruz;famous
The one thing you've got to say about Columbia is that it has courses that are famous. It has alumni who come back and say it was the best thing they ever did.;William Scott;famous
They were all famous and fantastic fellows.;Peter Scott;famous
I love being famous. It validates that I have something to say.;Richard Lewis;famous
I don't really see myself as famous.;MyAnna Buring;famous
When I wasn't famous, I had a lot of friends, almost all of them Italian. The racism only started when I started to play football.;Mario Balotelli;famous
It was I who made Fellini famous, not the other way around.;Anita Ekberg;famous
My buildings are more famous than me.;Jean Nouvel;famous
I mean he's a very famous director... they're not going to put their... and he's very tough, he doesn't like interference at all, so he kept them at bay.;Ronald Harwood;famous
It isn't false modesty when I say this, but although I am supposed to be a famous person it doesn't mean anything to me. I just sit at home and work.;Gyorgy Legeti;famous
Yankee Stadium, and the Yankees are so famous for Mickey Mantle, Joe DiMaggio, Lou Gehrig, all of those guys.;Bert Campaneris;famous
We were marching since we were babies and all we did was make Jane Fonda famous.;Robert Patrick;famous
I'm in that comfortable niche where I'm not that famous and sometimes people do need to put a barrier between them and their followers. When you're real famous you need to do that but I'm not that famous so I don't need that kind of barrier.;Tony Levin;famous
In Australia, there is a very famous show called 'Home and Away.' I was cast on that at 15. The day I started filming, my life changed.;Tammin Sursok;famous
