When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world.;George Washington Carver;life
Without knowing what I am and why I am here, life is impossible.;Leo Tolstoy;life
My focus is to forget the pain of life. Forget the pain, mock the pain, reduce it. And laugh.;Jim Carrey;life
Life is lived on the edge.;Will Smith;life
Life opens up opportunities to you, and you either take them or you stay afraid of taking them.;Jim Carrey;life
Part of the happiness of life consists not in fighting battles, but in avoiding them. A masterly retreat is in itself a victory.;Norman Vincent Peale;life
Never build your emotional life on the weaknesses of others.;George Santayana;life
Justice in the life and conduct of the State is possible only as first it resides in the hearts and souls of the citizens.;Plato;life
A dog will teach you unconditional love. If you can have that in your life, things won't be too bad.;Robert Wagner;life
You are doomed to make choices. This is life's greatest paradox.;Wayne Dyer;life
I wish to preach, not the doctrine of ignoble ease, but the doctrine of the strenuous life.;Theodore Roosevelt;life
You use your money to buy privacy because during most of your life you aren't allowed to be normal.;Johnny Depp;life
I lead no party I follow no leader. I have given the best part of my life to careful study of Islam, its law and polity, its culture, its history and its literature.;Muhammad Iqbal;life
We must declare ourselves, become known allow the world to discover this subterranean life of ours which connects kings and farm boys, artists and clerks. Let them see that the important thing is not the object of love, but the emotion itself.;Gore Vidal;life
Faith means living with uncertainty - feeling your way through life, letting your heart guide you like a lantern in the dark.;Dan Millman;life
You see, in life, lots of people know what to do, but few people actually do what they know. Knowing is not enough! You must take action.;Tony Robbins;life
Life is not an easy matter... You cannot live through it without falling into frustration and cynicism unless you have before you a great idea which raises you above personal misery, above weakness, above all kinds of perfidy and baseness.;Leon Trotsky;life
I have a loyalty that runs in my bloodstream, when I lock into someone or something, you can't get me away from it because I commit that thoroughly. That's in friendship, that's a deal, that's a commitment. Don't give me paper - I can get the same lawyer who drew it up to break it. But if you shake my hand, that's for life.;Jerry Lewis;life
Find ecstasy in life the mere sense of living is joy enough.;Emily Dickinson;life
You hear a lot about God these days: God, the beneficent God, the all-great God, the Almighty God, the most powerful God, the giver of life God, the creator of death. I mean, we're hearing about God all the time, so we better learn how to deal with it. But if we know anything about God, God is arbitrary.;Bob Dylan;life
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.;Norman Cousins;life
Just when I think I have learned the way to live, life changes.;Hugh Prather;life
I remember a specific moment, watching my grandmother hang the clothes on the line, and her saying to me, 'you are going to have to learn to do this,' and me being in that space of awareness and knowing that my life would not be the same as my grandmother's life.;Oprah Winfrey;life
When life knocks you down, try to land on your back. Because if you can look up, you can get up. Let your reason get you back up.;Les Brown;life
A lot of us grow up and we grow out of the literal interpretation that we get when we're children, but we bear the scars all our life. Whether they're scars of beauty or scars of ugliness, it's pretty much in the eye of the beholder.;Stephen King;life
In the last analysis, the individual person is responsible for living his own life and for 'finding himself.' If he persists in shifting his responsibility to somebody else, he fails to find out the meaning of his own existence.;Thomas Merton;life
Every life has a measure of sorrow, and sometimes this is what awakens us.;Steven Tyler;life
It's surprising how many persons go through life without ever recognizing that their feelings toward other people are largely determined by their feelings toward themselves, and if you're not comfortable within yourself, you can't be comfortable with others.;Sydney J. Harris;life
My philosophy is that not only are you responsible for your life, but doing the best at this moment puts you I the best place for the next moment.;Oprah Winfrey;life
People have a moral standard about what they will do and will not do. At the end of the day someone who cheats has a lower moral standard than someone who does not. And they will cheat in other areas of life as well.;Carl Lewis;life
The tragedy of life is in what dies inside a man while he lives - the death of genuine feeling, the death of inspired response, the awareness that makes it possible to feel the pain or the glory of other men in yourself.;Norman Cousins;life
A man who has been the indisputable favorite of his mother keeps for life the feeling of a conqueror.;Sigmund Freud;life
Having Down syndrome is like being born normal. I am just like you and you are just like me. We are all born in different ways, that is the way I can describe it. I have a normal life.;Chris Burke;life
Saving faith is an immediate relation to Christ, accepting, receiving, resting upon Him alone, for justification, sanctification, and eternal life by virtue of God's grace.;Charles Spurgeon;life
Cease trying to work everything out with your minds. It will get you nowhere. Live by intuition and inspiration and let your whole life be Revelation.;Eileen Caddy;life
If you wish to succeed in life, make perseverance your bosom friend, experience your wise counselor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.;Joseph Addison;life
I haven't understood a bar of music in my life, but I have felt it.;Igor Stravinsky;life
This is the highest wisdom that I own freedom and life are earned by those alone who conquer them each day anew.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;life
Not by appointment do we meet delight Or joy they heed not our expectancy But round some corner of the streets of life they of a sudden greet us with a smile.;Gerald Massey;life
The meaning of life is contained in every single expression of life. It is present in the infinity of forms and phenomena that exist in all of creation.;Michael Jackson;life
The highest education is that which does not merely give us information but makes our life in harmony with all existence.;Rabindranath Tagore;life
Millions of young Americans have graduated from college during the Obama presidency, ready to use their gifts and get moving in life. Half of them can't find the work they studied for, or any work at all. So here's the question: Without a change in leadership, why would the next four years be any different from the last four years?;Paul Ryan;life
The game of life is a game of boomerangs. Our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy.;Florence Scovel Shinn;life
If a man neglects education, he walks lame to the end of his life.;Plato;life
All my life I've looked at words as though I were seeing them for the first time.;Ernest Hemingway;life
Love is the greatest refreshment in life.;Pablo Picasso;life
Because we have so much eye candy and mind candy, spending so much time trying to pay the rent, all of this conspires to keep us from thinking too hard or taking action from that. Our time is stolen. So much of our daily life is stolen.;Lydia Lunch;life
I spent my whole life in the private sector, 25 years in the private sector. I understand that when government takes more money out of the hands of people, it makes it more difficult for them to buy things. If they can't buy things, the economy doesn't grow. If the economy doesn't grow, we don't put Americans to work.;Mitt Romney;life
Black Consciousness is an attitude of the mind and a way of life, the most positive call to emanate from the black world for a long time.;Steven Biko;life
I don't believe in an afterlife, so I don't have to spend my whole life fearing hell, or fearing heaven even more. For whatever the tortures of hell, I think the boredom of heaven would be even worse.;Isaac Asimov;life
The safest course is to do nothing against one's conscience. With this secret, we can enjoy life and have no fear from death.;Voltaire;life
With an eye made quiet by the power of harmony, and the deep power of joy, we see into the life of things.;William Wordsworth;life
To have courage for whatever comes in life - everything lies in that.;Saint Teresa of Avila;life
The changes in our life must come from the impossibility to live otherwise than according to the demands of our conscience not from our mental resolution to try a new form of life.;Leo Tolstoy;life
I have dreamed in my life, dreams that have stayed with me ever after, and changed my ideas they have gone through and through me, like wine through water, and altered the color of my mind.;Emily Bronte;life
No one is in control of your happiness but you therefore, you have the power to change anything about yourself or your life that you want to change.;Barbara de Angelis;life
The purpose of human life is to serve, and to show compassion and the will to help others.;Albert Schweitzer;life
I've made some great mistakes in my life, but, you know, they were honest mistakes.;Henry Rollins;life
To gather with God's people in united adoration of the Father is as necessary to the Christian life as prayer.;Martin Luther;life
Telling a teenager the facts of life is like giving a fish a bath.;Arnold H. Glasow;life
The good life is a process, not a state of being. It is a direction not a destination.;Carl Rogers;life
Somebody should tell us, right at the start of our lives, that we are dying. Then we might live life to the limit, every minute of every day. Do it! I say. Whatever you want to do, do it now! There are only so many tomorrows.;Pope Paul VI;life
I don't think I could live without hair, makeup and styling, let alone be the performer I am. I am a glamour girl through and through. I believe in the glamorous life and I live one.;Lady Gaga;life
The greatest humiliation in life, is to work hard on something from which you expect great appreciation, and then fail to get it.;E. W. Howe;life
As we advance in life we learn the limits of our abilities.;Henry Ford;life
Yes, you can lose somebody overnight, yes, your whole life can be turned upside down. Life is short. It can come and go like a feather in the wind.;Shania Twain;life
Tragedy in life normally comes with betrayal and compromise, and trading on your integrity and not having dignity in life. That's really where failure comes.;Tom Cochrane;life
Trust is the glue of life. It's the most essential ingredient in effective communication. It's the foundational principle that holds all relationships.;Stephen Covey;life
If you find someone you love in your life, then hang on to that love.;Princess Diana;life
It is a common saying, and in everybody's mouth, that life is but a sojourn.;Plato;life
There is no force like success, and that is why the individual makes all effort to surround himself throughout life with the evidence of it as of the individual, so should it be of the nation.;Marcus Garvey;life
When you're passionate about something, you want it to be all it can be. But in the endgame of life, I fundamentally believe the key to happiness is letting go of that idea of perfection.;Debra Messing;life
Being taken for granted can be a compliment. It means that you've become a comfortable, trusted element in another person's life.;Joyce Brothers;life
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.;Jean Paul;life
Our heavenly Father understands our disappointment, suffering, pain, fear, and doubt. He is always there to encourage our hearts and help us understand that He's sufficient for all of our needs. When I accepted this as an absolute truth in my life, I found that my worrying stopped.;Charles Stanley;life
I wanted to write about the moment when your addictions no longer hide the truth from you. When your whole life breaks down. That's the moment when you have to somehow choose what your life is going to be about.;Chuck Palahniuk;life
I'm a heroine addict. I need to have sex with women who have saved someone's life.;Mitch Hedberg;life
Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough.;Garrison Keillor;life
I never regret anything. Because every little detail of your life is what made you into who you are in the end.;Drew Barrymore;life
Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;life
You can't live your life blaming your failures on your parents and what they did or didn't do for you. You're dealt the cards that you're dealt. I realised it was a waste of time to be angry at my parents and feel sorry for myself.;Drew Barrymore;life
Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.;Dale Carnegie;life
Early in life I had to choose between honest arrogance and hypocritical humility. I chose the former and have seen no reason to change.;Frank Lloyd Wright;life
What we call the secret of happiness is no more a secret than our willingness to choose life.;Leo Buscaglia;life
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way.;Christopher Morley;life
Smoking kills. If you're killed, you've lost a very important part of your life.;Brooke Shields;life
The highest use of capital is not to make more money, but to make money do more for the betterment of life.;Henry Ford;life
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.;Lao Tzu;love
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.;Oscar Wilde;love
Friends can help each other. A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel. Or, not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is.;Jim Morrison;love
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;love
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.;Bruce Lee;love
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.;Aristotle;love
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;love
Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives.;C. S. Lewis;love
Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says 'I need you because I love you.';Erich Fromm;love
Where there is love there is life.;Mahatma Gandhi;love
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.;Orson Welles;love
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.;Thomas Carlyle;love
