One might think that the money value of an invention constitutes its reward to the man who loves his work. But... I continue to find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.;Thomas A. Edison;money
I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it. If people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it. It's the truth.;Charlie Chaplin;money
The writer must earn money in order to be able to live and to write, but he must by no means live and write for the purpose of making money.;Karl Marx;money
Why is there so much month left at the end of the money?;John Barrymore;money
I'd have stopped writing years ago if it were for the money.;Paulo Coelho;money
There is no class so pitiably wretched as that which possesses money and nothing else.;Andrew Carnegie;money
You are your greatest asset. Put your time, effort and money into training, grooming, and encouraging your greatest asset.;Tom Hopkins;money
The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other peoples' money.;Margaret Thatcher;money
Capital is money, capital is commodities. By virtue of it being value, it has acquired the occult ability to add value to itself. It brings forth living offspring, or, at the least, lays golden eggs.;Karl Marx;money
I think one of the most pervasive evils in this world is greed and acquiring money for money's sake. Once you have six houses and a plane, it's just about a number. It's never been anything I understood.;Kevin Bacon;money
Money can buy you a fine dog, but only love can make him wag his tail.;Kinky Friedman;money
Now, people when I say that look at me and say, 'What are you talking about, Joe? You're telling me we have to go spend money to keep from going bankrupt?'. The answer is yes, that's what I'm telling you.;Joe Biden;money
It is a fact that around the world the elites of every country are making money.;Hillary Clinton;money
Economy does not lie in sparing money, but in spending it wisely.;Thomas Huxley;money
When I graduated from high school, it was during the Depression and we had no money.;Ray Bradbury;money
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs a lot less.;Brendan Behan;money
There's so little money in my bank account, my scenic checks show a ghetto.;Phyllis Diller;money
I spent a lot of money on booze, birds and fast cars. The rest I just squandered.;George Best;money
There is a gigantic difference between earning a great deal of money and being rich.;Marlene Dietrich;money
America believes in education: the average professor earns more money in a year than a professional athlete earns in a whole week.;Evan Esar;money
A woman must have money and a room of her own if she is to write fiction.;Virginia Woolf;money
If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom, and the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money that it values more, it will lose that too.;W. Somerset Maugham;money
You don't appreciate a lot of stuff in school until you get older. Little things like being spanked every day by a middle-aged woman: Stuff you pay good money for in later life.;Emo Philips;money
I have a problem with too much money. I can't reinvest it fast enough, and because I reinvest it, more money comes in. Yes, the rich do get richer.;Robert Kiyosaki;money
Flattery is a kind of bad money, to which our vanity gives us currency.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;money
I do not suppose I shall be remembered for anything. But I don't think about my work in those terms. It is just as vulgar to work for the sake of posterity as to work for the sake of money.;Orson Welles;money
People who identify themselves as conservatives donate money to charity more often than people who identify themselves as liberals. They donate more money and a higher percentage of their incomes.;Thomas Sowell;money
We can't go to people who have lost their job at GM and say, 'Oh, by the way, we are going to pay money to build a road here or inoculate children there,' unless we can demonstrate that it is in America's interest. I happen to think it is.;Hillary Clinton;money
You know, people make a lot of money talking about me, don't they?;Hillary Clinton;money
The sinews of war are infinite money.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;money
Money is like manure, of very little use except it be spread.;Francis Bacon;money
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.;Johnny Cash;money
I have ways of making money that you know nothing of.;John D. Rockefeller;money
Because people have no thoughts to deal in, they deal cards, and try and win one another's money. Idiots!;Arthur Schopenhauer;money
Getting money is not all a man's business: to cultivate kindness is a valuable part of the business of life.;Samuel Johnson;money
Property may be destroyed and money may lose its purchasing power but, character, health, knowledge and good judgement will always be in demand under all conditions.;Roger Babson;money
Love him or hate him, Trump is a man who is certain about what he wants and sets out to get it, no holds barred. Women find his power almost as much of a turn-on as his money.;Donald Trump;money
Criminals are never very amusing. It's because they're failures. Those who make real money aren't counted as criminals. This is a class distinction, not an ethical problem.;Orson Welles;money
The man who has no money is poor, but one who has nothing but money is poorer. He only is rich who can enjoy without owning he is poor who though he has millions is covetous.;Orison Swett Marden;money
I never heard of an old man forgetting where he had buried his money! Old people remember what interests them: the dates fixed for their lawsuits, and the names of their debtors and creditors.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;money
The civility which money will purchase, is rarely extended to those who have none.;Charles Dickens;money
It is easy to be independent when you've got money. But to be independent when you haven't got a thing, that's the Lord's test.;Mahalia Jackson;money
A fascist is one whose lust for money or power is combined with such an intensity of intolerance toward those of other races, parties, classes, religions, cultures, regions or nations as to make him ruthless in his use of deceit or violence to attain his ends.;Henry A. Wallace;money
Architect. One who drafts a plan of your house, and plans a draft of your money.;Ambrose Bierce;money
If you don't want to work you have to work to earn enough money so that you won't have to work.;Ogden Nash;money
Writing is like prostitution. First you do it for love, and then for a few close friends, and then for money.;Moliere;money
I'd asked around 10 or 15 people for suggestions. Finally one lady friend asked the right question, 'Well, what do you love most?' That's how I started painting money.;Andy Warhol;money
That's the trouble with being me. At this point, nobody gives a damn what my problem is. I could literally have a tumor on the side of my head and they'd be like, 'Yeah, big deal. I'd eat a tumor every morning for the kinda money you're pulling down.';Jim Carrey;money
Nothing is so strongly fortified that it cannot be taken by money.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;money
The shortest period of time lies between the minute you put some money away for a rainy day and the unexpected arrival of rain.;Jane Bryant Quinn;money
Right now it's only a notion, but I think I can get the money to make it into a concept, and later turn it into an idea.;Woody Allen;money
I think writing really helps you heal yourself. I think if you write long enough, you will be a healthy person. That is, if you write what you need to write, as opposed to what will make money, or what will make fame.;Alice Walker;money
I don't make deals for the money. I've got enough, much more than I'll ever need. I do it to do it.;Donald Trump;money
When I get a little money I buy books and if any is left I buy food and clothes.;Desiderius Erasmus;money
To be clever enough to get all that money, one must be stupid enough to want it.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;money
A drunkard would not give money to sober people. He said they would only eat it, and buy clothes and send their children to school with it.;Samuel Butler;money
You can't get rid of poverty by giving people money.;P. J. O'Rourke;money
Want of money and the distress of a thief can never be alleged as the cause of his thieving, for many honest people endure greater hardships with fortitude. We must therefore seek the cause elsewhere than in want of money, for that is the miser's passion, not the thief s.;William Blake;money
The seven deadly sins: Want of money, bad health, bad temper, chastity, family ties, knowing that you know things, and believing in the Christian religion.;Samuel Butler;money
To the eyes of a miser a guinea is more beautiful than the sun, and a bag worn with the use of money has more beautiful proportions than a vine filled with grapes.;William Blake;money
Money is kind of a base subject. Like water, food, air and housing, it affects everything yet for some reason the world of academics thinks it's a subject below their social standing.;Robert Kiyosaki;money
Success isn't measured by money or power or social rank. Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.;Mike Ditka;money
The parents have a right to say that no teacher paid by their money shall rob their children of faith in God and send them back to their homes skeptical, or infidels, or agnostics, or atheists.;William Jennings Bryan;money
No man but a blockhead ever wrote except for money.;Samuel Johnson;money
A liberal is a man who is willing to spend somebody else's money.;Carter Glass;money
The worst thing that can happen to a man is to lose his money, the next worst his health, the next worst his reputation.;Samuel Butler;money
Money is the worst currency that ever grew among mankind. This sacks cities, this drives men from their homes, this teaches and corrupts the worthiest minds to turn base deeds.;Sophocles;money
Admittedly, a homosexual can be conditioned to react sexually to a woman, or to an old boot for that matter. In fact, both homo - and heterosexual experimental subjects have been conditioned to react sexually to an old boot, and you can save a lot of money that way.;William S. Burroughs;money
The first time you marry for love, the second for money, and the third for companionship.;Jackie Kennedy;money
False riches, consisting of money, houses and lands, acquired by selfish means at cost to others and thereafter used selfishly, are almost always used for the oppression of other persons.;Joseph Franklin Rutherford;money
Liberals, it has been said, are generous with other peoples' money, except when it comes to questions of national survival when they prefer to be generous with other people's freedom and security.;William F. Buckley, Jr.;money
It will be a great day when our schools have all the money they need, and our air force has to have a bake-sale to buy a bomber.;Robert Fulghum;money
People say that money is not the key to happiness, but I always figured if you have enough money, you can have a key made.;Joan Rivers;money
I know it's going to be the private sector that leads this country out of the current economic times we're in. You can spend your money better than the government can spend your money.;George W. Bush;money
Prices are important not because money is considered paramount but because prices are a fast and effective conveyor of information through a vast society in which fragmented knowledge must be coordinated.;Thomas Sowell;money
The blues is losing someone you love and not having enough money to immerse yourself in drink.;Henry Rollins;money
The safe way to double your money is to fold it over once and put it in your pocket.;Kin Hubbard;money
I hope all of you are going to fill out your census form when it comes in the mail next month. If you don't return the form the area you live in might get less government money and you wouldn't want that to happen, would you.;Andy Rooney;money
In marriage do thou be wise: prefer the person before money, virtue before beauty, the mind before the body then thou hast a wife, a friend, a companion, a second self.;William Penn;money
It's a great thing when you can show that you've been successful and that you've made a lot of money and that you've employed a lot of people.;Donald Trump;money
I think, in a way, I invented the term 'fight club' and that these things have always existed, but they never really had a label. Nobody had a language to apply to them. I created that language in two words and I've been paid a great deal of money for inventing two words and labeling something that has always been around.;Chuck Palahniuk;money
Money, it turned out, was exactly like sex, you thought of nothing else if you didn't have it and thought of other things if you did.;James A. Baldwin;money
Boxing is the only sport you can get your brain shook, your money took and your name in the undertaker book.;Joe Frazier;money
I have a lot of money.;Chuck Palahniuk;money
He who receives money in trust to administer for the benefit of its owner, and uses it either for his own interest or against the wishes of its rightful owner, is a thief.;Jose Marti;money
Brigands demand your money or your life women require both.;Samuel Butler;money
To fulfill a dream, to be allowed to sweat over lonely labor, to be given a chance to create, is the meat and potatoes of life. The money is the gravy.;Bette Davis;money
There are a handful of people whom money won't spoil, and we all count ourselves among them.;Mignon McLaughlin;money
The darkest hour in any man's life is when he sits down to plan how to get money without earning it.;Horace Greeley;money
We can safely abandon the doctrine of the eighties, namely that the rich were not working because they had too little money, the poor because they had much.;John Kenneth Galbraith;money
Our greatest lack is not money for any undertaking, but rather ideas, If the ideas are good, cash will somehow flow to where it is needed.;Robert H. Schuller;money
You never suffer from a money problem, you always suffer from an idea problem.;Robert H. Schuller;money
Money can't buy you happiness but it does bring you a more pleasant form of misery.;Spike Milligan;money
I refuse to feel guilty. I feel guilty about too much in my life but not about money. I went through periods when I had nothing, so somebody in my family has to get stinkin' wealthy.;Jim Carrey;money
I have grown up alone. I've taken care of myself. I worked, earned money and was independent at 18.;Ingrid Bergman;money
You cannot spend money in luxury without doing good to the poor. Nay, you do more good to them by spending it in luxury, than by giving it for by spending it in luxury, you make them exert industry, whereas by giving it, you keep them idle.;Samuel Johnson;money
Money and time are the heaviest burdens of life, and... the unhappiest of all mortals are those who have more of either than they know how to use.;Samuel Johnson;money
Money is the last enemy that shall never be subdued. While there is flesh there is money or the want of money, but money is always on the brain so long as there is a brain in reasonable order.;Samuel Butler;money
Whoever said money can't buy happiness simply didn't know where to go shopping.;Bo Derek;money
