For those who have come here illegally, they might have a transition time to allow them to set their affairs in order. And then go back home and get in line with everybody else. And if they get in line and they apply to become a citizen and get a green card, they will be treated like everybody else.;Mitt Romney;time
At a time when nobody thought we'd ever see a new steel mill built in America, we took a chance and built one in a corn field in Indiana. Today Steel Dynamics is one of the largest steel producers in the United States.;Mitt Romney;time
Time stays, we go.;H. L. Mencken;time
Waste is worse than loss. The time is coming when every person who lays claim to ability will keep the question of waste before him constantly. The scope of thrift is limitless.;Thomas A. Edison;time
Poetry may make us from time to time a little more aware of the deeper, unnamed feelings which form the substratum of our being, to which we rarely penetrate for our lives are mostly a constant evasion of ourselves.;T. S. Eliot;time
Forgiveness is not a feeling - it's a decision we make because we want to do what's right before God. It's a quality decision that won't be easy and it may take time to get through the process, depending on the severity of the offense.;Joyce Meyer;time
Perfection is the child of time.;Joseph Hall;time
I bought some instant water one time but I didn't know what to add to it.;Steven Wright;time
Every time you get angry, you poison your own system.;Alfred A. Montapert;time
The time for action is now. It's never too late to do something.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;time
If we do discover a complete theory, it should be in time understandable in broad principle by everyone. Then we shall all, philosophers, scientists, and just ordinary people be able to take part in the discussion of why we and the universe exist.;Stephen Hawking;time
As recent as the year 2000 we won elections by saying we shouldn't be the policemen of the world, and that we should not be nation building. And its time we got those values back into this country.;Ron Paul;time
To have no time for philosophy is to be a true philosopher.;Blaise Pascal;time
I think women are natural caretakers. They take care of everybody. They take care of their husbands and their kids and their dogs, and don't spend a lot of time just getting back and taking time out.;Reese Witherspoon;time
Oh, God, I struggle with low self-esteem all the time! I think everyone does. I have so much wrong with me, it's unbelievable!;Angelina Jolie;time
I saw a bank that said '24 Hour Banking,' but I don't have that much time.;Steven Wright;time
A man's brain has a more difficult time shifting from thinking to feeling than a women's brain does.;Barbara de Angelis;time
Gay people are the sweetest, kindest, most artistic, warmest and most thoughtful people in the world. And since the beginning of time all they've ever been is kicked.;Little Richard;time
Every great architect is - necessarily - a great poet. He must be a great original interpreter of his time, his day, his age.;Frank Lloyd Wright;time
It takes a long time to bring the past up to the present.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;time
It's life isn't it? You plow ahead and make a hit. And you plow on and someone passes you. Then someone passes them. Time levels.;Katharine Hepburn;time
Acting deals with very delicate emotions. It is not putting up a mask. Each time an actor acts he does not hide he exposes himself.;Rodney Dangerfield;time
The only time to buy these is on a day with no 'y' in it.;Warren Buffett;time
Everyone who achieves success in a great venture, solves each problem as they came to it. They helped themselves. And they were helped through powers known and unknown to them at the time they set out on their voyage. They keep going regardless of the obstacles they met.;W. Clement Stone;time
I cannot be awake for nothing looks to me as it did before, Or else I am awake for the first time, and all before has been a mean sleep.;Walt Whitman;time
Sex: the thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.;John Barrymore;time
There is a time to take counsel of your fears, and there is a time to never listen to any fear.;George S. Patton;time
All the president is, is a glorified public relations man who spends his time flattering, kissing, and kicking people to get them to do what they are supposed to do anyway.;Harry S. Truman;time
I have long known that it is part of God's plan for me to spend a little time with each of the most stupid people on earth.;Bill Bryson;time
When we are sure that we are on the right road there is no need to plan our journey too far ahead. No need to burden ourselves with doubts and fears as to the obstacles that may bar our progress. We cannot take more than one step at a time.;Orison Swett Marden;time
Digital reading will completely take over. It's lightweight and it's fantastic for sharing. Over time it will take over.;Bill Gates;time
Oh, I think there are a lot of people who would be buying and selling online today that go up there and they get the information, but then when it comes time to type in their credit card they think twice because they're not sure about how that might get out and what that might mean for them.;Bill Gates;time
I think the thing we see is that as people are using video games more, they tend to watch passive TV a bit less. And so using the PC for the Internet, playing video games, is starting to cut into the rather unbelievable amount of time people spend watching TV.;Bill Gates;time
An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.;Victor Hugo;time
Do your damnedest in an ostentatious manner all the time.;George S. Patton;time
God lets you be successful because he trusts you that you will do the right thing with it. Now, does he get disappointed often? All the time, because people get there and they forget how they got it.;Steve Harvey;time
Once again, we come to the Holiday Season, a deeply religious time that each of us observes, in his own way, by going to the mall of his choice.;Dave Barry;time
Time will inevitably uncover dishonesty and lies history has no place for them.;Norodom Sihanouk;time
I did my time for the rape. I paid my money to Las Vegas. I paid my dues.;Mike Tyson;time
Time heals griefs and quarrels, for we change and are no longer the same persons. Neither the offender nor the offended are any more themselves.;Blaise Pascal;time
Motherhood is a great honor and privilege, yet it is also synonymous with servanthood. Every day women are called upon to selflessly meet the needs of their families. Whether they are awake at night nursing a baby, spending their time and money on less-than-grateful teenagers, or preparing meals, moms continuously put others before themselves.;Charles Stanley;time
It is those who concentrates on but one thing at a time who advance in this world. The great man or woman is the one who never steps outside his or her specialty or foolishly dissipates his or her individuality.;Og Mandino;time
Time makes more converts than reason.;Thomas Paine;time
The secret of a happy marriage is finding the right person. You know they're right if you love to be with them all the time.;Julia Child;time
I've done everything I wanted to do, even if I have had to pay a very high price - which has been the case most of the time.;Paulo Coelho;time
I believe this with all my heart: The greatest coach of all time in my eyes is my mom. She's instilled in me a toughness and a perseverance and just a never-quit mentality, and I thank her every day for providing me, for what she sacrificed her life for.;Scott Brooks;time
Every time we liberate a woman, we liberate a man.;Margaret Mead;time
People with clear, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter period of time than people without them could ever imagine.;Brian Tracy;time
Life is like an ice-cream cone, you have to lick it one day at a time.;Charles M. Schulz;time
I like to hide behind the characters I play. Despite the public perception, I am a very private person who has a hard time with the fame thing.;Angelina Jolie;time
I think about baseball when I wake up in the morning. I think about it all day and I dream about it at night. The only time I don't think about it is when I'm playing it.;Carl Yastrzemski;time
The last time I saw him he was walking down lover's lane holding his own hand.;Fred Allen;time
Anyone who has lost track of time when using a computer knows the propensity to dream, the urge to make dreams come true and the tendency to miss lunch.;Tim Berners-Lee;time
I like to do weird things in the shower, like drink my coffee, brush my teeth and drink a smoothie. It's good time management.;Michelle Williams;time
As time goes on we get closer to that American Dream of there being a pie cut up and shared. Usually greed and selfishness prevent that and there is always one bad apple in every barrel.;Rick Danko;time
This is the miracle that happens every time to those who really love: the more they give, the more they possess.;Rainer Maria Rilke;time
Our most important task is to transform our consciousness so that violence is no longer an option for us in our personal lives, that understanding that a world of peace is possible only if we relate to each other as peaceful beings, one individual at a time.;Deepak Chopra;time
Nothing else in the world... not all the armies... is so powerful as an idea whose time has come.;Victor Hugo;time
A religious man is a person who holds God and man in one thought at one time, at all times, who suffers harm done to others, whose greatest passion is compassion, whose greatest strength is love and defiance of despair.;Abraham Joshua Heschel;time
Because we have so much eye candy and mind candy, spending so much time trying to pay the rent, all of this conspires to keep us from thinking too hard or taking action from that. Our time is stolen. So much of our daily life is stolen.;Lydia Lunch;time
Everywhere is nowhere. When a person spends all his time in foreign travel, he ends by having many acquaintances, but no friends.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;time
Time itself comes in drops.;William James;time
'The time has come,' the walrus said, 'to talk of many things: of shoes and ships - and sealing wax - of cabbages and kings.';Lewis Carroll;time
I think I'm finally growing up - and about time.;Elizabeth Taylor;time
The loss of a friend is like that of a limb time may heal the anguish of the wound, but the loss cannot be repaired.;Robert Southey;time
You know, when you really connect with the instrument and everything just comes out on an emotional level very naturally through your playing. That's, you know, a great night. And I think the reason I love touring so much is you're chasing that high around all the time, trying to have another good night.;Slash;time
The man who rows the boat seldom has time to rock it.;Bill Copeland;time
To love is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.;Emily Dickinson;time
My two secrets to staying healthy: wash your hands all the time. And, if you can't, use Purell or one of the sanitizers. And the other is hot peppers. I eat a lot of hot peppers. I for some reason started doing that in 1992, and I swear by it.;Hillary Clinton;time
Everyone has a breaking point, turning point, stress point, the game is permeated with it. The fans don't see it because we make it look so efficient. But internally, for a guy to be successful, you have to be like a clock spring, wound but not loose at the same time.;Dave Winfield;time
I'm not interested in trying to work on people's perceptions. I am who I am, and if you don't take the time to learn about that, then your perception is going to be your problem.;Jim Brown;time
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving 110 percent all the time.;Don Zimmer;time
I have made the tough decisions, always with an eye toward the bottom line. Perhaps it's time America was run like a business.;Donald Trump;time
What with making their way and enjoying what they have won, heroes have no time to think. But the sons of heroes - ah, they have all the necessary leisure.;Aldous Huxley;time
Wondrous is the strength of cheerfulness, and its power of endurance - the cheerful man will do more in the same time, will do it better, will preserve it longer, than the sad or sullen.;Thomas Carlyle;time
The time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself.;Doug Coupland;time
I knew that I could vote and that that wasn't a privilege it was my right. Every time I tried I was shot, killed or jailed, beaten or economically deprived.;Stokely Carmichael;time
It is as absurd to say that a man can't love one woman all the time as it is to say that a violinist needs several violins to play the same piece of music.;Honore de Balzac;time
Saying goodbye doesn't mean anything. It's the time we spent together that matters, not how we left it.;Trey Parker;time
Richard Nixon is a no good, lying bastard. He can lie out of both sides of his mouth at the same time, and if he ever caught himself telling the truth, he'd lie just to keep his hand in.;Harry S. Truman;time
No woman in my time will be prime minister or chancellor or foreign secretary - not the top jobs. Anyway, I wouldn't want to be prime minister you have to give yourself 100 percent.;Margaret Thatcher;time
Why do you think the old stories tell of men who set out on great journeys to impress the gods? Because trying to impress people just isn't worth the time and effort.;Henry Rollins;time
Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome.;T. S. Eliot;time
The shock of any trauma, I think changes your life. It's more acute in the beginning and after a little time you settle back to what you were. However it leaves an indelible mark on your psyche.;Alex Lifeson;time
I don't even drink! I can't stand the taste of alcohol. Every New Year's Eve I try one drink and every time it makes me feel sick. So I don't touch booze - I'm always the designated driver.;Kim Kardashian;time
In our time political speech and writing are largely the defense of the indefensible.;George Orwell;time
There is never time in the future in which we will work out our salvation. The challenge is in the moment the time is always now.;James A. Baldwin;time
My top most priority is to deal with India's massive social and economic problems, so that chronic poverty, ignorance and disease can be conquered in a reasonably short period of time.;Manmohan Singh;time
As things are, and as fundamentally they must always be, poetry is not a career, but a mug's game. No honest poet can ever feel quite sure of the permanent value of what he has written: He may have wasted his time and messed up his life for nothing.;T. S. Eliot;time
You can't live your life blaming your failures on your parents and what they did or didn't do for you. You're dealt the cards that you're dealt. I realised it was a waste of time to be angry at my parents and feel sorry for myself.;Drew Barrymore;time
Leadership to me means duty, honor, country. It means character, and it means listening from time to time.;George W. Bush;time
You are your greatest asset. Put your time, effort and money into training, grooming, and encouraging your greatest asset.;Tom Hopkins;time
Some people ask the secret of our long marriage. We take time to go to a restaurant two times a week. A little candlelight, dinner, soft music and dancing. She goes Tuesdays, I go Fridays.;Henny Youngman;time
If you believe in your heart that you are right, you must fight with all your might to do it your way. Only dead fish swim with the stream all the time.;Linda Ellerbee;time
There is one thing stronger than all the armies in the world, and that is an idea whose time as come.;Victor Hugo;time
Greater than the tread of mighty armies is an idea whose time has come.;Victor Hugo;time
Religion is about turning untested belief into unshakable truth through the power of institutions and the passage of time.;Richard Dawkins;time
Yet, taught by time, my heart has learned to glow for other's good, and melt at other's woe.;Homer;time
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.;Douglas Adams;time
