I mean, you have a general tone of it but it's pretty much you get to come in and you're going to flip this car and it's going to blow up and you're going to come out on fire and you go oh, that's cool, and then you get paid a lot of money.;David R. Ellis;car
No, in Lethal Weapon I was a taxi cab driver that Mel jumps in front of the taxi and pulls me out of the car and steals the taxi. Then I did some other indie driving for some of the car sequences.;David R. Ellis;car
So then I started doing a lot of episodic TV, just car chases or helicopter chases or whatever.;David R. Ellis;car
They had some really cool rigged cars and things that were different that they would tow behind the camera car that were actually on these trailers that manipulated side to side and stuff like they were getting hit, and actually put the actor right in the middle of the chase.;David R. Ellis;car
I don't own a car.;Shepard Smith;car
I'm calling from my car, I'm sorry, I'm like running around like crazy.;Melissa Joan Hart;car
I really like listening to music in my car.;Aaron Neville;car
There are races and then there are races. And without a doubt, the Indy 500 is the race that I've always wanted to attend. And now, to be driving the Corvette Pace Car... this is going to be unbelievable.;Guy Fieri;car
It was all that stuff about taking your parents' car when you're 13, sneaking booze into rock shows and ditching school with your friends. I could relate to that as a former teenager, rather than as a present parent.;Donal Logue;car
I think the true test of a pop song, for me, and I've talked to a lot of other writers about this, is you take your demo, you pop it in your car and you drive down Sunset Blvd. to Santa Monica, and that's the Hollywood car test.;Ryan Tedder;car
I absolutely refuse to reveal my age. What am I - a car?;Cyndi Lauper;car
I only know it takes weeks to recover, as if one had been in a car accident.;Patricia Highsmith;car
I would like you all to give me a round of applause as I have not crashed my car in over 15 months.;Matthew Perry;car
Every little kid has always wanted to be a race car driver. This gets some of that out.;David Alan Grier;car
Space isn't remote at all. It's only an hour's drive away if your car could go straight upwards.;Fred Hoyle;car
And I think that if I were a for real celebrity that was recognizable everywhere, I'd just crawl under a rock and you know, have someone run over the rock with a car, or something.;Steve Burns;car
In the United States three new methods of transportation made their appearance at almost the same time - the steamboat, the canal boat, and the rail car.;John Moody;car
Have you heard about the Irishman who reversed into a car boot sale and sold the engine?;Frank Carson;car
I want do some kind of action movie, car chases and explosions.;Devon Sawa;car
I'm like, 'Would you be the person in the room that would boo when Dylan went electric? I know I wouldn't. Or are you the person that left The Beatles after 'She Loves You,' or 'Drive My Car?' You weren't on board for 'Revolution 9' or 'Day In The Life,' were you?';Regina Spektor;car
Well, honey, I had the million dollar houses, I had the car, I had the horse, I had the barn I had everything. Was I set free? I didn't even know what that meant.;Taylor Dayne;car
It was in San Diego and I was onstage and couldn't remember how to play the guitar properly. I was in terrible pain and my nervous system was just going wild, like somebody had just run a car over me.;Andy Partridge;car
The first trip I remember taking was on the train from Virginia up to New York City, watching the summertime countryside rolling past the window. They used white linen tablecloths in the dining car in those days, and real silver. I love trains to this day. Maybe that was the beginning of my fixation with leisurely modes of travel.;Billy Campbell;car
I am very puzzled by the fact that young people are getting infected again. They don't take precautions despite an enormous amount of information. It's like riding a race car at 200 kilometers an hour. Some people like the risk.;Luc Montagnier;car
I listen to KCRW in the car and Pandora radio, which I stream through the stereo from my iPhone. I've been listening to everything from Caribou to Conway Twitty. If I'm going on a longer car ride, I'll download some podcasts.;Sam Trammell;car
ER was one of my favourites. I played a car accident victim who has leukemia. I got to wear a neck brace and nose tubes for the two days I worked.;Dakota Fanning;car
I drive a car that has pleather seats.;Kathy Freston;car
In the history of the world, no one has ever washed a rented car.;Lawrence Summers;car
As I was coming out of the closet, our car was hurtling over an embankment.;Lance Loud;car
Some people say it might be good for your career to die and then come back again. I have died many ways, car crashes, motorcycle crashes, etc. But, I am still alive.;Mark-Paul Gosselaar;car
Dear motorist on the information superhighway. I'm sorry I do not have a car.;Eric San;car
In the end I didn't get a top car any more. I had no toughness left. That was the reality.;Jacky Ickx;car
I was always an observer, even as a child. I could be satisfied to sit in a car for 3 hours and just look at the street go by while my mother went shopping.;Jonathan Winters;car
I mostly drive around in a Fiat 500 TwinAir, and that's a pretty small car!;Richard Hammond;car
Now, personally, I like a car with some sort of character.;Richard Hammond;car
The easiest and simplest thing that any one can do to make their car safer, more gas efficient, whatever - check the tire pressure.;Richard Hammond;car
My first car was a 1976 Toyota Corolla Liftback in red, like the one in 'The Blues Brothers.' I painted a Union Jack on the roof. I was absolutely in love with it until I destroyed it, which broke my heart!;Richard Hammond;car
It's not just the kid who's spent every penny from his job to upgrade his car to tell the world he cares about sports cars, it's also the person driving around in a fuel-conscious hybrid electric car, because it's more a message to the world than an effective means of saving fuel, to be quite honest.;Richard Hammond;car
I've been in a car three or four times when it filled with water and it's not a comfortable feeling.;Richard Hammond;car
You don't have to worry about whether the car is set up right or not, you know it is, and it's down to you. Ultimately, that's what every driver wants.;Bobby Rahal;car
I am going to miss that time when you take that corner better than anybody else could have taken it on that lap or you do that great qualifying lap or you make that great pass or you bring a crippled car home.;Bobby Rahal;car
Ford used to come to work in a big car with two Admiral's flags, on each side of the car. His assistant would be there with his accordion, playing, Hail to the Chief.;Richard Widmark;car
Acting advice is a bit like your parents teaching you how to drive a car. You know they're right, but you still kind of want them to shut up a bit.;Max Irons;car
You need someone to tell you how to do things like hitting your marks, or driving a car so it looks right or getting out of a car so it doesn't take a million years of screen time.;Gary Cole;car
The thing about New York is you can leave your house without a plan and find the day. You can't do that in Los Angeles. You need to get in your car, all this, you can't just drive around like a lunatic. In New York, you can literally walk outside, and wind up anywhere.;Michael Rapaport;car
The New Dealers have all left Washington to make way for the car dealers.;Adlai Stevenson;car
Is it sufficient that you have learned to drive the car, or shall we look and see what is under the hood? Most people go through life without ever knowing.;June Singer;car
I was really into classifieds for awhile. I'm a big negotiator. My father owned a car dealership when I was younger... it's just in my blood.;Jake Johnson;car
We were racing at circuits where there were no crash barriers in front of the pits, and fuel was lying about in churns in the pit lane. A car could easily crash into the pits at any time. It was ridiculous.;Jackie Stewart;car
It wasn't a secret that I was gay. I'd come out to my parents during my junior year of high school, on the day that I also wrecked the family car.;Mary Cheney;car
My health is wonderful. I work out. I'm working. Playing music. I have a beautiful wife, a nice home, a nice car, I got money in the bank. I got three beautiful dogs that love me. Like I said, I'm blessed. I survived.;Steven Adler;car
I'd rather drive the yellow brick road, you wouldn't happen to know of a rental car place around.;Ryan Stiles;car
The red carpet is kind of a surreal experience. There's nothing normal about it, so for me the most important thing is to maintain some normality right until the point you get out of the car.;Samantha Barks;car
I listened to it last night for the first time since we started this project. I went out to my car and put it in and went to an empty parking lot and just listened and read the little pamphlet that came with it. After two or three songs I burst into tears.;Randy Bachman;car
I've been in California for about 15 years now. You're always in your car and insulated. I miss New York so much.;Jimmy Smits;car
I wasn't going to get such a nice car - I was going to get a cute little hybrid or something, keep the trees happy - but then my grandfather died, and it was all: retail therapy!;Chris Colfer;car
As far as luxury goes, about the only thing I do is... I go first class all the way. I live on the road, so when I'm out there, I'm getting the nice hotel suite, I'm getting the luxury car, I'm eating the good food, and I make sure I take care of myself on the road.;Trish Stratus;car
I have very long legs and I hate driving anything unless it's a boat or an ATV in the jungle. I like to sit in the back of a car, where I can look out the window, answer my emails on my iPad, or hold hands with a pretty girl.;Jean Pigozzi;car
If I had done what I was programmed to do, I would now be sitting in a car factory looking at the sizes of wheels, or wondering how to get credit to start a new factory in Russia.;Jean Pigozzi;car
The senior officer who met with reporters in Baghdad said there had been 21 car bombings in the capital in May, and 126 in the past 80 days. All last year, he said, there were only about 25 car bombings in Baghdad.;Rich Lowry;car
I have a Volvo S60R and it's a pretty fast car, the R says it all.;Josie Maran;car
I have a new little stray dog that I've had for about a month now. His name is Mikey Mohawk - he's this little terrier with a natural Mohawk. My friend found him hit by a car on Pico Boulevard.;Krysten Ritter;car
When I was little, I used to work with my dad on the engine of his car. Mostly this was a matter of me handing him wrenches.;Mireille Enos;car
When I was 15, my parents left town for a month. They hid the keys to the car, but I found them. That month, I drove my stepdad's Thunderbird Super Coupe into Manhattan every day, and I would crank Cypress Hill as I flew around the city, racing the taxis.;Danny Masterson;car
The hardest part was when I was in high school not having a job and always being broke. I had to get to auditions without a car. I either took the bus or walked.;Cuba Gooding, Jr.;car
Accidents happen, whether they're car accidents, friendly fire, drug overdoses. Accidents happen, and they're tragic. It's like a bomb that goes off and pieces of shrapnel rip into the flesh of the family. It's the families that need the compassion, because everywhere they walk, every day, someone reminds them of their loss.;James Belushi;car
The fact is that a car used by Gerry Adams and myself during the course of the Mitchell review was bugged by elements within British military intelligence.;Martin McGuinness;car
The percentage you're paying is too high priced While you're living beyond all your means And the man in the suit has just bought a new car From the profit he's made on your dreams.;Steve Winwood;car
Like all soul singers, I grew up singing in church but sometimes I would leave early and sit in the car listening to gospel band, The Blind Boys of Alabama. Hearing their lead singer Clarence made me connect the idea of church and show business and see how I could make a career singing music that stirred the soul.;Daryl Hall;car
As you get older, things conk out. It's a bit like a car. As long as it's something the mechanics can fix, you can chug on for a few more thousand miles.;Len Goodman;car
On the dance floor, as much as you say, 'Ladies, you are the car. He is the driver. You can only go where he takes you,' they still try to be in control.;Len Goodman;car
The same things we've done the past couple of seasons. We've worked on the engine and clutch. We'll try and pick up the performance and consistency of the car and go back out there.;Larry Dixon;car
We're going to test with the same car, but we have a new car ready.;Larry Dixon;car
I don't get rattled about the big things. I get rattled when I have to pick up my laundry, get gas in the car, pick up a script.;Sherry Stringfield;car
Indy car racing is much more aggressive.;Emerson Fittipaldi;car
The racing driver's mind has to have the ability to have amazing anticipation, coordination, and reflex. Because of the speed the car goes.;Emerson Fittipaldi;car
You are going in one second the length of a football field. That means you brain is receiving information from your body what the car is doing physically, bumping, balance, performance.;Emerson Fittipaldi;car
You have to visualize a second or two ahead of your car what line you are taking, what you are going to do, before you get there because it comes too fast.;Emerson Fittipaldi;car
You always hear the phrase, money doesn't buy you happiness. But I always in the back of my mind figured a lot of money will buy you a little bit of happiness. But it's not really true. I got a new car because the old one's lease expired.;Sergey Brin;car
I don't want to rap about my car. How generic is that? Be creative.;Andy Milonakis;car
Now I'm having to live with sales of around 50,000 per album - but I'm pretty content with my place in the general scheme of things, even if it's meant I don't drive a fancy car and can't afford grand vacations.;David Knopfler;car
A paparazzo once jumped out of a car and started running backward with me. I slowed down out of courtesy because she started drifting into the street. I reached out my hand and moved her back so she didn't get hit by a bus.;Sean Astin;car
I love singin' in the car, it just makes me feel good.;Scotty McCreery;car
Yeah, I left Idaho at 17. You know, I graduated high school a year early and just, you know, the typical story, packed up my car and moved out.;Aaron Paul;car
When I'm in the car sometimes it's like, 'Yeah, man, just put on the pop music.' You know what I mean? I don't want to listen to Tom Waits.;Max Greenfield;car
I've already established my (political)machinery. It's like a car. It's fixed already. You just have to get in and drive it.;Manny Pacquiao;car
I remember being at Greenblatt's on Sunset, and some guy just walked straight up to me, and he had some bling on and whatever, and said something about a party down in Malibu and asked if I would jump in his car and go to the party. All I could think was, 'Who are you? I don't know you, and I don't care about how good your car is.';Yvonne Strahovski;car
Should we have background checks, waiting periods? To drive a car you have to pass a test that shows you know how to drive your car safely, you should have to do the same thing with guns.;Michael D. Barnes;car
Growing up in the Midwest, people don't drive Porsches and Ferraris. They drive Fords and Chevys. And so even if you have the opportunity to buy a more expensive car, it doesn't occur to you because it's not what you relate to.;Luke Perry;car
I grew up where my parents would literally shove me in the car rather than have to say hello to a neighbor.;Amy Sherman-Palladino;car
I definitely I prefer to sing in the car. I don't sing in the shower, maybe its because that's the one time I don't need to talk to anyone so I should just shut up, otherwise I'm just, you know, jibber jabber.;Haley Reinhart;car
Whenever I drive under a yellow light, I always kiss my finger and tap it on the roof of the car.;Jared Padalecki;car
These songs are old friends I have entertained myself with when I'm washing the dishes, driving to the store and walking down the aisles. The ones that you sing when you're driving in the car and as a singer you always go back to them.;Al Jarreau;car
I have a 6-year-old, and his thing is to turn on Radio Disney in the car, and I get such an allergic reaction to listening to that music and the context into which it falls. I'm really working on him about that.;Aimee Mann;car
In Paris, one is always reminded of being a foreigner. If you park your car wrong, it is not the fact that it's on the sidewalk that matters, but the fact that you speak with an accent.;Roman Polanski;car
What Paris has done right is to make it awful to get around by car and awfully easy to get around by public transportation or by bike.;Serge Schmemann;car
Later, my father died up in Marysville. So, my mother and I got in the car and came down to Hollywood.;Marc Davis;car
You want to try and bring a character to life in an honest a way as you possibly can. It doesn't matter whether he's a doctor, an actor, a car salesman or a captain of a starship. If you can bring truth and honesty to that character, then your audience will believe you.;Scott Bakula;car
That's when it really came together for me that I was in a Bond film, to have my own spy car!;Rick Yune;car
