I've finally learnt how to say, 'No comment'. To appear in the tabloids is a real learning curve and a steep one at that. You had better learn quick or you get burnt.;Ben Affleck;learning
No Child Left Behind's fourth-grade gains aren't learning gains, they're testing gains. That's why they don't last. The law is a distraction from things that really count.;Jonathan Kozol;learning
The countries who do the best in international comparisons, whether it's Finland or Japan, Denmark or Singapore, do well because they have professional teachers who are respected, and they also have family and community which support learning.;Howard Gardner;learning
If people are made to feel uncomfortable in the kitchen, they won't go in there. That's why I think children learning to cook can be such a wonderful thing.;Giada De Laurentiis;learning
I was a total education geek. I loved school. I loved learning. I loved doing homework. All of my books and notebooks from high school are underlined and highlighted and there are notes all over the margins. And you know, I was a theater kid too. I was all over the place.;Sophia Bush;learning
We're not that much smarter than we used to be, even though we have much more information - and that means the real skill now is learning how to pick out the useful information from all this noise.;Nate Silver;learning
By playing games you can artificially speed up your learning curve to develop the right kind of thought processes.;Nate Silver;learning
I think my biggest focus for myself is learning how to continue to get through the trauma that my father has caused in my life.;Lindsay Lohan;learning
The only thing that mattered was what you were to do in life, and it wasn't about money. It was about teaching, or learning.;Maya Lin;learning
You should be having more fun in high school, exploring things because you want to explore them and learning because you love learning-not worrying about competition.;Maya Lin;learning
For me, art is about learning and about living with people. It's alive.;Miuccia Prada;learning
My learning process is by eye alone it's not at all scientific.;Miuccia Prada;learning
Composing gives me a chance to work in multiple dimensions and helps me pare down my melodies into what is essential. Learning new skills has always energized me and scoring has opened up a world of sonic possibilities.;Liz Phair;learning
One goes through school, college, medical school and one's internship learning little or nothing about goodness but a good deal about success.;Ashley Montagu;learning
Few are there that will leave the secure seclusion of the scholar's life, the peaceful walks of literature and learning, to stand out a target for the criticism of unkind and hostile minds.;Felix Adler;learning
A commitment to human rights cannot be fostered simply through the transmission of knowledge. Action and experience play a crucial role in the learning process.;Daisaku Ikeda;learning
I'm still at the beginning of my career. It's all a little new, and I'm still learning as I go.;Orlando Bloom;learning
My advice to an aspiring actor would be to never stop learning or working for what you want. Nothing comes easy, ever, if you want something, you have to work for it. By working for it I mean work on your craft, learn from people who have something to teach. It's just like anything else, practice makes perfect.;James Lafferty;learning
I have terrible handwriting. I now say it's a learning disability... but a nun who was a very troubled woman hit me over the fingers with a ruler because my writing was so bad.;Andrew Greeley;learning
I had great faith in Irish actors, that they'd be hip to the whole theatre thing, and they are. I had no illusions of coming over here as some kind of big shot. It's been a learning experience for me too.;Christopher Meloni;learning
I'm always learning from experiences because each one is different and there are different players involved in the project at the time with their own way of doing things.;Christopher Meloni;learning
Books have led some to learning and others to madness.;Petrarch;learning
There is no royal road to learning no short cut to the acquirement of any art.;Anthony Trollope;learning
Learning to speak was the most remarkable thing you ever did.;Jeffrey Kluger;learning
The mind of the polyglot is a very particular thing, and scientists are only beginning to look closely at how acquiring a second language influences learning, behavior and the very structure of the brain itself.;Jeffrey Kluger;learning
We're learning how important it is both to preserve sibling relationships if they work and repair them if they're broken. We're also learning a lot about nonliteral siblings - stepsiblings, half-siblings - and the surprising power they can have.;Jeffrey Kluger;learning
Much learning shows how little mortals know much wealth, how little wordings enjoy.;Edward Young;learning
But if we learn to think of it as anticipation, as learning, as growing, if we think of the time we spend waiting for the big things of life as an opportunity instead of a passing of time, what wonderful horizons open out!;Anna Neagle;learning
I was learning, as I did in the Ministry of Defense. I never knew, but I always learned.;Shimon Peres;learning
Without feeling abashed by my ignorance, I confess that I am absolutely unable to say. In the absence of an appearance of learning, my answer has at least one merit, that of perfect sincerity.;Jean Henri Fabre;learning
The spotlight will always be on me, but it's something I'm learning to live with as the years go by.;David Beckham;learning
I was diagnosed with a severe temporal spatial deficit, a learning disability that means I have zero spatial relations skills. It was official: I was a genius trapped in an idiot's body.;Sloane Crosley;learning
I really have a great deal of humility in that department, and a great deal of respect for people who spend their lives learning how to make these amazing preparations.;Ted Allen;learning
I am growing and learning. There's so much more that I want to accomplish and do. I'm gonna do it at whatever pace it happens. I'm not trying to rush anything or slow anything down.;Jordin Sparks;learning
I feel the older I get, the more I'm learning to handle life. Being on this quest for a long time, it's all about finding yourself.;Ringo Starr;learning
I grow old learning something new every day.;Solon;learning
I'm learning to accept the lack of privacy as the real downer in my profession.;Halle Berry;learning
All are agreed, that the increase of learning and good morals are great blessings to society.;Joseph Lancaster;learning
I've had a tough time learning how to act like a congressman. Today I accidentally spent some of my own money.;Joseph P. Kennedy;learning
I have no control over what people think of me but I have 100% control of what I think of myself, and that is so important. And not just about your body, but so many ways of confidence. You're constantly learning how to be confident, aren't you?;Beth Ditto;learning
I can't do the same movies all my life. I'm conscious of that. But it's a trade-off. 'Dear John' allowed me to do movies I've wanted to do. You learn to balance it out. I'm still learning. Only now am I getting to do the kinds of movies that I have wanted to do. So it's a steady climb. You don't jump into a Soderbergh film.;Channing Tatum;learning
To be proud of learning is the greatest ignorance.;Jeremy Taylor;learning
I've always loved music, but I never really played anything. After 'Walk the Line' and learning to play guitar, and having that sense of performing, I think that certainly opened the door for me, for music.;Joaquin Phoenix;learning
I'm pleased to say my knee feels a lot better. It's still not back to normal, and I don't know if it ever will be, but I'm learning to deal with it instead of expecting it to be like it was before.;Shawn Johnson;learning
You never stop learning. If you have a teacher, you never stop being a student.;Elisabeth Rohm;learning
In the beginning when I sat next to Tom Brokaw on the 'Today' show, the stories I was interested in were those having to do with women and children and learning and health. In those days, 25 to 30 years ago, that was called soft news, and not in a nice way.;Jane Pauley;learning
I love nature and enjoy learning new skills.;Leona Lewis;learning
People are more comfortable learning about wine because now they can just Google, you know, 'Soave,' and say, 'Oh, O.K., cool.';Gary Vaynerchuk;learning
I spend a lot of time learning about bird watching.;Nikki Giovanni;learning
There's no learning without trying lots of ideas and failing lots of times.;Jonathan Ive;learning
Strange as it may seem, no amount of learning can cure stupidity, and formal education positively fortifies it.;Stephen Vizinczey;learning
What I'm still grappling with and learning how to do is to be looking and thinking cinematically, having come from television.;J. J. Abrams;learning
Are your kids learning the right lessons about 9/11? Ten years after Osama bin Laden's henchmen murdered thousands of innocents on American soil, too many children have been spoon-fed the thin gruel of progressive political correctness over the stiff antidote of truth.;Michelle Malkin;learning
A little learning is not a dangerous thing to one who does not mistake it for a great deal.;William Allen White;learning
Teaching is the royal road to learning.;Jessamyn West;learning
People desire to separate their worlds into polarities of dark and light, ugly and beautiful, good and evil, right and wrong, inside and outside. Polarities serve us in our learning and growth, but as souls we are all.;Joy Page;learning
Man, after all my grandma put into me learning the piano, that was a hard day, telling her I was telling jokes for a living.;Jamie Foxx;learning
I am a firm believer that God has already ordered the things that have taken place in my life...and I'm just learning to follow the path he's laid before me.;Monica Denise Brown;learning
The experience gathered from books, though often valuable, is but the nature of learning whereas the experience gained from actual life is one of the nature of wisdom.;Samuel Smiles;learning
I'm happy to be helping people that are passionate about empowering parents for student learning.;Jeb Bush;learning
I'm trying to get in the habit of, you know, picking up a book and learning how to write my feelings down, not my feelings but my thoughts, about things, and hopefully I'll moving toward the writing and directing thing soon.;Corey Haim;learning
I like learning new stuff, and continuing to educate myself as best I can.;Dominic Monaghan;learning
I think my type of personality has all music inside of it, so I am full of music, without even knowing it, without even learning it, without even hearing it.;Ziggy Marley;learning
Learning another language is not only learning different words for the same things, but learning another way to think about things.;Flora Lewis;learning
Often as a child you see someone with a learning disability or Down's Syndrome and my mum and dad were always very quick to explain exactly what was going on and to be in their own way inclusive and welcoming.;Christopher Eccleston;learning
And, one thing I definitely enjoyed personally, from a selfish point of view, was exploration and going to places that I had never been to before and learning, you know, meeting the people and getting to know, new sights and sounds, etc.;Duane G. Carey;learning
Learning how to relive again on life's terms sure doesn't do much for your confidence. You have to kind of walk in faith that the next step is going to be just a little bit better than the last step.;Joe Nichols;learning
Learning is a tunnel experience that makes us think more broadly.;Anna Deavere Smith;learning
What matters to me is learning and growing, and getting to do what I love to do. As long as I can do that, I'm happy.;Jeremy Renner;learning
There are many ways to grow football-wise. You go slow or are pushed to go faster, otherwise you get left behind. For me, there would be trouble in stopping learning.;Wayne Rooney;learning
Acting is not about dressing up. Acting is about stripping bare. The whole essence of learning lines is to forget them so you can make them sound like you thought of them that instant.;Glenda Jackson;learning
I eventually became proud of my strikeouts, because each one represented another learning experience.;Willie Stargell;learning
TV is so different from the movies. It takes a lot of stamina because you work such long hours. It is really challenging. You are learning the next day's lines while you are shooting today's scenes. I found courage I never realised I had. I hope to do more.;Sharon Stone;learning
When I was first learning songs, I'd have a favorite song, and I'd take the chords and twist them around. I'd learn the chords and then play them backward. That was my first experimenting with writing a song.;Alicia Keys;learning
I raised five children. They all have different personalities. All of them have different issues, different levels of success. That was a learning experience for me.;T. D. Jakes;learning
I never refused an autograph, never refused to buy someone a drink. Now I'm learning to say I've got other things on, instead of doing it and wondering why.;Paul Gascoigne;learning
By keeping my hand in that, it's the way I keep learning. The main way you learn in medicine is by practicing and working with patients.;Andrew Weil;learning
I feel like I'm still learning a lot. I think there's a tendency for people who are just doing their first couple of films that I see now where they seem to be really resentful of the technical limitations that come along with filmmaking.;Anna Kendrick;learning
For the past eight years, the right has been better at working the refs. Now the left is learning how to play the game.;Eric Alterman;learning
I became CEO at the beginning of the hit on old economy stocks. When something like that occurs in your first six months as a CEO of a more traditional branded firm, it makes for a fast learning curve.;Andrea Jung;learning
Life is about learning when you stop learning, you die.;Tom Clancy;learning
You keep learning all the time.;Vanessa Paradis;learning
My father is a chemist, my mother was a homemaker. My parents instilled in us the feeling that learning was the most exciting thing that could happen to you, and it never ends.;Rita Dove;learning
I finish so many books it's amazing. I'm also doing Rosetta Stone, learning some French.;Kellan Lutz;learning
Before this learning experience, I had assumed that with regard to programs that sought to help people out of poverty, the political world was essentially divided into two camps: conservatives who opposed these for a variety of reasons, and liberals who supported them.;Barney Frank;learning
I was a kid, and I wasn't even sure if I wanted to play the drums, you know? All I wanted to do was skateboard, but I was still learning and taking it in, so it was good.;Travis Barker;learning
I don't think I've ever been moulded but I think I am always learning.;Delta Goodrem;learning
I've bought pretty much every book ever written about the Alamo, and I talk to my friends that I've made over the past 15, 20 years. It's just a constant learning and fascinating thing for me.;Phil Collins;learning
The process of learning requires not only hearing and applying but also forgetting and then remembering again.;John Gray;learning
Hungry people cannot be good at learning or producing anything, except perhaps violence.;Pearl Bailey;learning
Generally, I like making my own mistakes and learning from them because that's what I think life is about.;Taylor Momsen;learning
I think that if you keep your eyes and your ears open and you are receptive to learning, there are skills you can get from any job at all.;Cat Deeley;learning
Learning what you don't want to do is pretty valuable, it may be as valuable as figuring out what it is you do want to do.;Joe Flanigan;learning
The only animals I'm not comfortable with are parrots, but I'm learning as I go. I'm getting better and better at 'em. I really am.;Steve Irwin;learning
Emotional 'literacy' implies an expanded responsibility for schools in helping to socialize children. This daunting task requires two major changes: that teachers go beyond their traditional mission and that people in the community become more involved with schools as both active participants in children's learning and as individual mentors.;Daniel Goleman;learning
I'm passionate about learning. I'm passionate about life.;Tom Cruise;learning
I'm writing a book and working on my one-woman show, Learning To Be Human.;Shirley Knight;learning
The hardest of all is learning to be a well of affection, and not a fountain to show them we love them not when we feel like it, but when they do.;Nan Fairbrother;learning
Education in our times must try to find whatever there is in students that might yearn for completion, and to reconstruct the learning that would enable them autonomously to seek that completion.;Allan Bloom;learning
