Sometimes they are a matter of luck the photographer could not expect or hope for them. Sometimes they are a matter of patience, waiting for an effect to be repeated that he has seen and lost or for one that he anticipates.;Bill Brandt;patience
I think there's not much patience for organized labour, period, public or private sector.;Kathleen Wynne;patience
That's why I never became a director. I never had patience with people.;Ray Harryhausen;patience
Patience is the best medicine.;John Florio;patience
And so, at the age of thirty, I had successively disgraced myself with three fine institutions, each of which had made me free of its full and rich resources, had trained me with skill and patience, and had shown me nothing but forbearance and charity when I failed in trust.;Simon Raven;patience
He preacheth patience that never knew pain.;H. G. Bohn;patience
The only thing of weight that can be said against modern honor is that it is directly opposite to religion. The one bids you bear injuries with patience, the other tells you if you don't resent them, you are not fit to live.;Bernard de Mandeville;patience
I will exercise patience and will provide all facts to the general public.;Yingluck Shinawatra;patience
As I pass it, I feel as if I saw a dear old mother, sweet in her weakness, trembling at the approach of her dissolution, but not appealing to me against the inevitable, rather endeavouring to reassure me by her patience, and pointing to a hopeful future.;Thomas Edward Brown;patience
This is the story of what a Woman's patience can endure, and what a Man's resolution can achieve.;Wilkie Collins;patience
Soon I knew the craft of experimental physics was beyond me - it was the sublime quality of patience - patience in accumulating data, patience with recalcitrant equipment - which I sadly lacked.;Abdus Salam;patience
As a young boy, I read 'Cheaper by the Dozen' and immediately became neurotic about my use of time. It taxed me severely, but only for the next 50 years. But I think it also allowed me to discipline myself to sit in the chair and be a writer, where one of the most needed qualities is patience.;Ridley Pearson;patience
Difficult years lie ahead, patience is required.;Yiannis Stournaras;patience
If you have confidence you have patience. Confidence, that is everything.;Ilie Nastase;patience
So it's been a slow process and it's taken some patience. That's why patients are called patients I think - patience is required.;Bowie Kuhn;patience
I've done an awful lot of stuff that's a monument to public patience.;Tyrone Power;patience
If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under.;Ronald Reagan;patriotism
Nationalism is an infantile disease. It is the measles of mankind.;Albert Einstein;patriotism
Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty.;John F. Kennedy;patriotism
Patriot: the person who can holler the loudest without knowing what he is hollering about.;Mark Twain;patriotism
I look forward to a great future for America - a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose.;John F. Kennedy;patriotism
Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.;Oscar Wilde;patriotism
You're not supposed to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who says it.;Malcolm X;patriotism
Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all others because you were born in it.;George Bernard Shaw;patriotism
It is lamentable, that to be a good patriot one must become the enemy of the rest of mankind.;Voltaire;patriotism
We, the People, recognize that we have responsibilities as well as rights that our destinies are bound together that a freedom which only asks what's in it for me, a freedom without a commitment to others, a freedom without love or charity or duty or patriotism, is unworthy of our founding ideals, and those who died in their defense.;Barack Obama;patriotism
True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else.;Clarence Darrow;patriotism
One of the great attractions of patriotism - it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous.;Aldous Huxley;patriotism
Each nation feels superior to other nations. That breeds patriotism - and wars.;Dale Carnegie;patriotism
Can anything be stupider than that a man has the right to kill me because he lives on the other side of a river and his ruler has a quarrel with mine, though I have not quarrelled with him?;Blaise Pascal;patriotism
The highest patriotism is not a blind acceptance of official policy, but a love of one's country deep enough to call her to a higher plain.;George McGovern;patriotism
Patriotism is easy to understand in America. It means looking out for yourself by looking out for your country.;Calvin Coolidge;patriotism
Our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear - kept us in a continuous stampede of patriotic fervor - with the cry of grave national emergency.;Douglas MacArthur;patriotism
Patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for trivial reasons.;Bertrand Russell;patriotism
Patriotism is usually stronger than class hatred, and always stronger than internationalism.;George Orwell;patriotism
Patriotism is the last refuge of the scoundrel.;Samuel Johnson;patriotism
Dissent is the highest form of patriotism.;Howard Zinn;patriotism
No matter that patriotism is too often the refuge of scoundrels. Dissent, rebellion, and all-around hell-raising remain the true duty of patriots.;Barbara Ehrenreich;patriotism
Patriotism is when love of your own people comes first nationalism, when hate for people other than your own comes first.;Charles de Gaulle;patriotism
A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices that the system works.;Bill Vaughan;patriotism
The greater the state, the more wrong and cruel its patriotism, and the greater is the sum of suffering upon which its power is founded.;Leo Tolstoy;patriotism
I have no country to fight for my country is the earth, and I am a citizen of the world.;Eugene V. Debs;patriotism
A nation is a society united by a delusion about its ancestry and by common hatred of its neighbours.;William Ralph Inge;patriotism
Patriotism is often an arbitrary veneration of real estate above principles.;George Jean Nathan;patriotism
137 years later, Memorial Day remains one of America's most cherished patriotic observances. The spirit of this day has not changed - it remains a day to honor those who died defending our freedom and democracy.;Doc Hastings;patriotism
Patriotism is a kind of religion it is the egg from which wars are hatched.;Guy de Maupassant;patriotism
I am not an Athenian or a Greek, but a citizen of the world.;Diogenes;patriotism
To me, it seems a dreadful indignity to have a soul controlled by geography.;George Santayana;patriotism
We'll try to cooperate fully with the IRS, because, as citizens, we feel a strong patriotic duty not to go to jail.;Dave Barry;patriotism
Liberals become indignant when you question their patriotism, but simultaneously work overtime to give terrorists a cushion for the next attack and laugh at dumb Americans who love their country and hate the enemy.;Ann Coulter;patriotism
I realize that patriotism is not enough. I must have no hatred or bitterness towards anyone.;Edith Cavell;patriotism
Most Italians who came to this country are very patriotic. There was this exciting possibility that if you worked real hard, and you loved something, you could become successful.;Francis Ford Coppola;patriotism
I do think the patriotic thing to do is to critique my country. How else do you make a country better but by pointing out its flaws?;Bill Maher;patriotism
It is the patriotic duty of every man to lie for his country.;Alfred Adler;patriotism
The tree of liberty needs to be watered from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.;Lyn Nofziger;patriotism
Patriotism is an instant reaction that fades away when the war starts.;Mick Jagger;patriotism
The patriot blood of my father was warm in my veins.;Clara Barton;patriotism
The heights of popularity and patriotism are still the beaten road to power and tyranny.;David Hume;patriotism
Unless our conception of patriotism is progressive, it cannot hope to embody the real affection and the real interest of the nation.;Jane Addams;patriotism
It was patriotism, not communism, that inspired me.;Ho Chi Minh;patriotism
It is not easy to see how the more extreme forms of nationalism can long survive when men have seen the Earth in its true perspective as a single small globe against the stars.;Arthur C. Clarke;patriotism
Intellectually I know that America is no better than any other country emotionally I know she is better than every other country.;Sinclair Lewis;patriotism
They are patriotic in time of war because it is to their interest to be so, but in time of peace they follow power and the dollar wherever they may lead.;Henry A. Wallace;patriotism
Patriotism is voluntary. It is a feeling of loyalty and allegiance that is the result of knowledge and belief. A patriot shows their their patriotism through their actions, by their choice.;Jesse Ventura;patriotism
I'm an advocate of the great Dr. Johnson, the English man of letters who said that patriotism was the last refuge of the scoundrel.;George Galloway;patriotism
The proper means of increasing the love we bear our native country is to reside some time in a foreign one.;William Shenstone;patriotism
The most tragic paradox of our time is to be found in the failure of nation-states to recognize the imperatives of internationalism.;Earl Warren;patriotism
We do not consider patriotism desirable if it contradicts civilized behavior.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;patriotism
The love of one's country is a splendid thing. But why should love stop at the border?;Pablo Casals;patriotism
I distinguish, between nationalism and patriotism.;Michael Ignatieff;patriotism
The very idea of true patriotism is lost, and the term has been prostituted to the very worst of purposes. A patriot, sir! Why, patriots spring up like mushrooms!;Robert Walpole;patriotism
I saw courage both in the Vietnam War and in the struggle to stop it. I learned that patriotism includes protest, not just military service.;John F. Kerry;patriotism
Patriotism has served, at different times, as widely different ends as a razor, which ought to be used in keeping your face clean and yet may be used to cut your own throat or that of an innocent person.;Charles Edward Montague;patriotism
Nationalism is a silly cock crowing on his own dunghill.;Richard Aldington;patriotism
Patriotism must be founded on great principals and supported by great virtue.;Henry Bolingbroke;patriotism
Next to the love of God, the love of country is the best preventive of crime.;George Borrow;patriotism
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.;Mark Twain;patriotism
Heroism on command, senseless violence, and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism - how passionately I hate them!;Albert Einstein;patriotism
Guard against the impostures of pretended patriotism.;George Washington;patriotism
You'll never have a quiet world till you knock the patriotism out of the human race.;George Bernard Shaw;patriotism
I define nothing. Not beauty, not patriotism. I take each thing as it is, without prior rules about what it should be.;Bob Dylan;patriotism
What this country needs what every country needs occasionally is a good hard bloody war to revive the vice of patriotism on which its existence as a nation depends.;Ambrose Bierce;patriotism
Patriotism. Combustible rubbish ready to the torch of any one ambitious to illuminate his name.;Ambrose Bierce;patriotism
A man's country is not a certain area of land, of mountains, rivers, and woods, but it is a principle and patriotism is loyalty to that principle.;George William Curtis;patriotism
Americans admire a people who can scratch a desert and produce a garden. The Israelis have shown qualities that Americans identify with: guts, patriotism, idealism, a passion for freedom. I have seen it. I know. I believe that.;Richard M. Nixon;patriotism
You're not supposed to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong no matter who does it or who says it.;Malcom X;patriotism
But this Veterans Day, I believe we should do more than sing the praises of the bravery and patriotism that our veterans have embodied in the past. We should take this opportunity to re-evaluate how we are treating our veterans in the present.;Nick Lampson;patriotism
Patriotism, when it wants to make itself felt in the domain of learning, is a dirty fellow who should be thrown out of doors.;Arthur Schopenhauer;patriotism
Love and business and family and religion and art and patriotism are nothing but shadows of words when a man's starving!;O. Henry;patriotism
Politics is too partisan, and sometimes patriotism is cast aside. Patriotism is honor and love of your country and your brothers and sisters. With politics I get the impression that it's all about what's good for the party and not necessarily what's good for the country.;Ricardo Montalban;patriotism
Look, I think Hispanic community - the values that resonate in our community are fundamentally conservative. They are faith, family and patriotism.;Ted Cruz;patriotism
Unfortunately, after Sept. 11, there was an outburst in America of intense suffering and patriotism, and the Bush administration was very shrewd and effective in painting anyone who disagreed with the policies as unpatriotic or even traitorous.;Jimmy Carter;patriotism
One, if you attack my integrity, I will defend myself. If you attack my patriotism, I will defend myself. If you come after my family, I will counter-attack viciously, I will destroy you.;Scott Ritter;patriotism
During times of war, hatred becomes quite respectable even though it has to masquerade often under the guise of patriotism.;Howard Thurman;patriotism
Patriotism is an ephemeral motive that scarcely ever outlasts the particular threat to society that aroused it.;Denis Diderot;patriotism
Patriotism is best exemplified through auto-critique. When you're willing to stand up within the group and say, 'It is wrong for Black people to be anti-Semitic,' or 'It is wrong for America to discriminate against persons of African descent and made them slaves and based its wealth upon free labor,' it's crucial to say that.;Henry Louis Gates;patriotism
Patriotism is best exemplified through auto-critique.;Henry Louis Gates;patriotism
I believe patriotism comes from the heart. Patriotism is voluntary. It is a feeling of loyalty and allegiance that is the result of knowledge and belief.;Jesse Ventura;patriotism
Patriotism consists not in waving the flag, but in striving that our country shall be righteous as well as strong.;James Bryce;patriotism
