Global trade has advantages. For starters, it allows those of us who live through winter to eat fresh produce year-round. And it provides economic benefits to farmers who grow that food.;David Suzuki;food
In the 21st century our tastes buds, our brain chemistry, our biochemistry, our hormones and our kitchens have been hijacked by the food industry.;Mark Hyman;food
Junk food drags you down.;Miranda Lambert;food
A house is no home unless it contain food and fire for the mind as well as for the body.;Margaret Fuller;food
Used to be, conservatives revered the Average American, that Norman Rockwell oil painting of diner food, humble faith, honest toil, and Capraesque virtue.;James Wolcott;food
Fast food is hugely important in the life of a comedy writer. All we do is order in, and what we're going to eat is hotly debated.;Mindy Kaling;food
I became a fanatic about healthy food in 1944.;Gloria Swanson;food
One way to find food for thought is to use the fork in the road, the bifurcation that marks the place of emergence in which a new line of development begins to branch off.;William Irwin Thompson;food
The food isn't too bad. It's very different from the food that the astronauts ate in the very early days of the space program.;Sally Ride;food
Listen - of course money changes everything, but so does sunlight, and so does food: These are powerful but neutral energy sources, neither inherently good nor evil but shaped only by the way we use them.;Elizabeth Gilbert;food
I guess I feel that I was following my instincts, and at the same time being guided by the best. I became totally intrigued with Louisiana - the people, the food. It is a part of my life. Everything that has happened for me since moving here has just been icing on the cake.;Emeril Lagasse;food
Music is one of those things that is constantly going in my head all the time. It's sort of like the evolution and creation of doing food, or my philosophy about wine. It's always beating in my head, so it keeps the spirit moving.;Emeril Lagasse;food
I came here because the city has a tradition and is a very respected food city.;Emeril Lagasse;food
I've always done food that can work in a set time frame. The message I'm trying to get across is, it doesn't have to take three days to do this. With planning, you can do a lot and really have quality food every day.;Emeril Lagasse;food
If somebody has a chance to put my food in their mouth, that tells the story.;Emeril Lagasse;food
Those other 10 o'clock shows that come on, all you get from them is headaches and nightmares when you go to bed! At least we give you food, know what I mean?;Emeril Lagasse;food
You know, for 300 years it's been kind of the same. There are restaurants in New Orleans that the menu hasn't changed in 125 years, so how is one going to change or evolve the food?;Emeril Lagasse;food
My Food Network shows, 'Emeril Live' and 'Essence of Emeril,' are not in production right now, but I wouldn't say that I'm necessarily leaving Food Network. I have a lot of television still in me. I enjoy teaching people, so it's just a matter of time before I do something new.;Emeril Lagasse;food
Being a food show and being me, I always kicked it up a notch, which means I would always elevate the spice level or the complexity of a particular dish. So, it was always like we're going to kick this up a little bit.;Emeril Lagasse;food
My food is Louisiana, New Orleans-based, well-seasoned, rustic. I think it's pretty unique because of my background being influenced by my mom, Portuguese and French Canadian. There's a lot going on there.;Emeril Lagasse;food
Though I love the luxury of the Waldorf Towers, room service there doesn't do soul food.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;food
Freedom must be gained step by step, slowly. Freedom is a food which must be carefully administered when people are too hungry for it.;Lech Walesa;food
We created a line of pet food called Nutrish that's made to human standards, and 100 percent of the proceeds go to animal rescue. One of our top-tier donors is the ASPCA, and they help us challenge animal shelters all across the country to get more animals placed in homes.;Rachael Ray;food
I'm the person who wouldn't send back my food even if I got steak when I'd ordered fish.;Anna Kendrick;food
Love food and I love to eat.;Salma Hayek;food
Everybody has a weakness. Mine is food.;Salma Hayek;food
A lot of food shows need only to tempt. Some food shows only need to inspire, to empower. And there are a lot of shows that do that.;Alton Brown;food
What I've learned is I want to enjoy my life, and food is a big part of it.;Gwyneth Paltrow;food
Research has shown that even small amounts of processed food alter the chemical balance in our brain and cause negative mood swings along with noticeable dips ill energy.;Marilu Henner;food
I'm a home cook and love to read about food, but I'm not trained as a chef. I'm just really into cooking and passionate about it.;Ted Allen;food
Australia is so cool that it's hard to even know where to start describing it. The beaches are beautiful so is the weather. Not too crowded. Great food, great music, really nice people. It must be a lot like Los Angeles was many years ago.;Mary-Kate Olsen;food
I think people are smart enough to sort it out. They know when they're watching one of these food fight shows where journalists sit around and yell and scream at each other, versus serious issue reporting.;Bob Woodward;food
Working at the Food Bank with my kids is an eye-opener. The face of hunger isn't the bum on the street drinking Sterno it's the working poor. They don't look any different, they don't behave any differently, they're not really any less educated. They are incredibly less privileged, and that's it.;Mario Batali;food
To be interested in food but not in food production is clearly absurd.;Wendell Berry;food
There's not one food that causes diabetes.What causes Type II diabetes is being overweight... I've just come to grips, over the past four or five months, with my diabetes.;Paula Deen;food
I don't want to spend my life not having good food going into my pie hole. That hole was made for pies.;Paula Deen;food
I wake up every morning happy for where I am in life. It's not all about the cooking, but the fact that I can contribute by using my influence to help people all over the country. In the last two years, my partners and I have fed more than 10 million hungry people by bringing meat to food banks.;Paula Deen;food
I will never use a substitute for butter. Margarine is one molecule away from eating plastic. If I'm going to eat that type of food, it's going to be the real deal.;Paula Deen;food
I thought, you know the food and the diet thing is one way to start yourself onto a healthy lifestyle, but if you don't move, if you don't start exercising you're gonna deteriorate.;Warren Cuccurullo;food
Habaneros have a great fruity flavor, but the challenge is that you have to deflect the heat in order to taste the flavor. If you don't, you're dead. They should really have a warning sign on them. Deflect the habanero's heat by pairing it with sweet food.;Bobby Flay;food
I like food, like any other guy, but it is not the main thing in my life. I can do without it.;Lee Child;food
There are realities we all share, regardless of our nationality, language, or individual tastes. As we need food, so do we need emotional nourishment: love, kindness, appreciation, and support from others.;J. Donald Walters;food
Food prices are often kept artificially high. The result is that the Millennium Development Goals set out by the United Nations at the start of the new millennium are not being reached. Fine words have not yet been turned into deeds.;Jonathan Sacks;food
Yom Kippur, the Day of Atonement, is the holy of holies of Jewish time. It is that rarest of phenomena, a Jewish festival without food. Instead it is a day of fasting and prayer, introspection and self-judgment when, collectively and repeatedly, we confess our sins and pray to be written into God's Book of Life.;Jonathan Sacks;food
I'm into mellow dates with really good food.;Lauren Conrad;food
I like to know exactly what's being put into my food.;Lauren Conrad;food
There's so much importance in honoring your everyday hero. It doesn't take money. It doesn't take connections. What matters is that people get involved. Whether your passion is gun control or food or whatever it may be, everybody needs to stop being so self-absorbed.;Debi Mazar;food
My goal is to make Italian food clean and accessible and beautiful and tasty, with simple ingredients that people can find at a local grocery store, because people don't want to go to a gourmet shop in search of items that will sit in their pantry for years after they use just a teaspoon or pinch of them.;Giada De Laurentiis;food
I think you can tell the food is close to my heart, too, because I'm doing what I do best.;Giada De Laurentiis;food
Food was always a big part of my life. My grandfather was one of 14 kids, and his parents had a pasta factory, so as a kid, he and his siblings would sell pasta door to door. After he became a movie producer, he opened up De Laurentiis Food Stores - one in Los Angeles and one in New York.;Giada De Laurentiis;food
Attitudes toward food have completely changed.;Giada De Laurentiis;food
My grandfather gave me inspiration to cook, and love food and flavors. My Aunt Raffie, gave me creativity and the inspiration to create new things. My mother inspires me to find simplicity in food.;Giada De Laurentiis;food
There's nothing like a home-cooked meal - nothing! When people ask me what the best restaurant in L.A. is, I say, 'Uh, my house.' It's more intimate. Food can connect people in a forever sort of way.;Giada De Laurentiis;food
I'm into very colorful food. Obviously lots of flavor, but I think we eat with our eyes first, so it has to look great. The presentation has to be great.;Giada De Laurentiis;food
In Kenya women are the first victims of environmental degradation, because they are the ones who walk for hours looking for water, who fetch firewood, who provide food for their families.;Wangari Maathai;food
Food is a coping mechanism people are afraid of giving it up because then they'll feel confused and lost.;Phil McGraw;food
I love South American food, and I haven't really been down there. I really need a vacation.;Nate Silver;food
The lack of access to proper nutrition is not only fueling obesity, it is leading to food insecurity and hunger among our children.;Tom Vilsack;food
I can spend hours in a grocery store. I get so excited when I see food, I go crazy. I spend hours arranging my baskets so that everything fits in and nothing gets squashed. I'm really anal about it, actually.;Cameron Diaz;food
My mom was on welfare and the occasional food stamp, but I have never participated in any of those governmental programs, even the ones that kind of work like education, scholarships and whatever, and I managed to do just fine.;Adam Carolla;food
I cook a little bit. I make a Hungarian dish called chicken paprikash that's out of this world. I'll give a heads-up to all of your readers that it doesn't have to be between Thai and Mexican every night. Toss some Hungarian in every once in a while. You will not be sorry. Good, solid peasant food.;Adam Carolla;food
People see you onstage and the glamorous side, but they don't see you traveling 600 miles a night, eating truck stop food and spending by yourself staring at walls.;Jason Aldean;food
I hid myself in food.;Gordon Ramsay;food
But I don't begrudge anybody, because I know how hard it is to have that dream and to make it happen, whether or not it's just to put a roof over your head and food on the table.;Carol Burnett;food
I always made my food congenial to my constitution, and my health was always excellent.;Giacomo Casanova;food
I learned very early that our health is always impaired by some excess either of food or abstinence, and I never had any physician except myself.;Giacomo Casanova;food
Never be a food snob. Learn from everyone you meet - the fish guy at your market, the lady at the local diner, farmers, cheese makers. Ask questions, try everything and eat up!;Rachael Ray;food
It's fantastic to strive towards a nice life where you eat nice organic food and your children go to a nice school and you can afford nice clothes and nice perfume and the hypoallergenic make-up. But there's never a day goes by, and I mean this from the bottom of my heart, that I don't think about where I'm from.;Samantha Morton;food
I'm trying to cut down a little on eating, on sodium, keep my blood pressure down, which is tough. Because I love food! I do, but it's unfair how everything that's bad for you tastes so good, and all the good stuff, veggies and green things, doesn't match up.;Ice Cube;food
I am not a great cook, I am not a great artist, but I love art, and I love food, so I am the perfect traveller.;Michael Palin;food
Most small business owners are not particularly sophisticated business people. That's not a criticism they're passionate about cutting hair or cooking food, and that's why they got in the business, not because they have an MBA.;Andrew Mason;food
I think one thing that kids who grow up on farms really have going for them is they have exposure to death and birth in a totally different way. I think it takes away a little bit of the mystery and a little bit of the fear, and I do wish I had that. And I wish I was able to grow my own food.;Rachel McAdams;food
Becoming food savvy is one thing, but it's amazing how fast savvy turns to snooty, and snooty leaves you preparing three-hour meals that break your budget and that the kids won't even eat.;Jeffrey Kluger;food
As the earth spins through space, a view from above the North Pole would encompass most of the wealth of the world - most of its food, productive machines, doctors, engineers and teachers. A view from the opposite pole would encompass most of the world's poor.;Barry Commoner;food
Our children's health and well-being are dependent on our commitment to promoting food access and good eating habits at home, at school and in the community.;Rod Blagojevich;food
The Middle East is ailing. The malady stems from pervasive violence, shortages of food, water and educational opportunities, discrimination against women and - the most virulent cause of all - the absence of freedom.;Shimon Peres;food
If food is poetry, is not poetry also food?;Joyce Carol Oates;food
I was always on the go, and thought I was too busy to develop something like this. I thought at the time that diabetes went along with bad habits, but I was the last one in my family to eat junk food.;Angie Stone;food
Food has always brought me comfort and the bingeing is triggered when I'm in a space that is not positive.;Janet Jackson;food
I kept thinking, 'Somebody has to make a food show that is actually educational and entertaining at the same time... a show that got down to the 'why things happen.' Plus, I hated my job - I didn't think it was very worthwhile.;Alton Brown;food
You don't want flame to hit your food. Flame is bad. Flame does nasty things to food. It makes soot and it makes deposits of various chemicals that are not too good for us. The last thing you really want to see licking at your food while it's on a grill is an actual flame.;Alton Brown;food
I spent a college semester in a small town in Italy - and that is where I truly tasted food for the first time.;Alton Brown;food
You know most of the food that Americans hold so dear - things like hamburgers and hot dogs - were road food, but even before they were road food, they were peasant food.;Alton Brown;food
I think a lot of food shows, especially when we started 'Good Eats' back in the late '90s, they were still really about food. 'Good Eats' isn't about food, it's about entertainment. If, however, we can virally infect you with knowledge or interest, then all the better.;Alton Brown;food
I'm a filmmaker who decided to go to culinary school. All I picked up was the fact if I didn't understand what was going on with every single ingredient, I could be qualifying for, like, the lunch food job at my daughter's school.;Alton Brown;food
I am a filmmaker. That is all I've ever been. You know, Martin Scorsese makes films about the mob. And I make movies about food.;Alton Brown;food
Do not allow watching food to replace making food.;Alton Brown;food
Keep it simple in the kitchen. If you use quality ingredients, you don't need anything fancy to make food delicious: just a knife, a cutting board, and some good nonstick cookware, and you're set.;Curtis Stone;food
I hate menus, I hate choosing food. I just want to be brought. Bring me dinner!;Hugh Laurie;food
Food - I love nuts. I eat them all the time, they're easy to carry around, and I am never hungry all day long.;Mehmet Oz;food
Most food you drop is still perfectly edible. If it was in your eyesight the whole time, you can pick it up and eat it.;Mehmet Oz;food
There are a lot of food Nazis in the U.S., but I believe if you can show people what's really important, they'll judge the rest for themselves.;Mehmet Oz;food
Food is no longer sacred to us: in becoming too efficient we've changed its nature.;Mehmet Oz;food
I think wine is such a big universe that it's kind of like food - it's intimidating to a lot of people, myself included.;Padma Lakshmi;food
People always comment about my clothes. They don't think a fashionable woman can love food and be knowledgeable and actually cook.;Padma Lakshmi;food
Without food, man can live at most but a few weeks without it, all other components of social justice are meaningless.;Norman Borlaug;food
I went in saying I wanted to be the food guy.;Ted Allen;food
Jay Leno is not a guy who likes change. He eats the same food every day.;Ted Allen;food
You know the great irony is that people think you have to have money to enjoy fine food, which is a shame.;Ted Allen;food
