Some old men, continually praise the time of their youth. In fact, you would almost think that there were no fools in their days, but unluckily they themselves are left as an example.;Alexander Pope;men
Inconsistencies in men are generally testimony to their immaturity.;Edwin Louis Cole;men
I do not consider divorce an evil by any means. It is just as much a refuge for women married to brutal men as Canada was to the slaves of brutal masters.;Susan B. Anthony;men
If one were to bring ten of the wisest men in the world together and ask them what was the most stupid thing in existence, they would not be able to discover anything so stupid as astrology.;David Hilbert;men
Strong women only marry weak men.;Bette Davis;men
Men don't and can't live by exchanging articles, but by producing them. They don't live by trade, but by work. Give up that foolish and vain title of Trades Unions and take that of laborers Unions.;John Ruskin;men
Prejudices are so to speak the mechanical instincts of men: through their prejudices they do without any effort many things they would find too difficult to think through to the point of resolving to do them.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;men
No man has any natural authority over his fellow men.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;men
In a free society the state does not administer the affairs of men. It administers justice among men who conduct their own affairs.;Walter Lippmann;men
The most positive men are the most credulous.;Alexander Pope;men
My mother was the most beautiful woman I ever saw. All I am I owe to my mother. I attribute all my success in life to the moral, intellectual and physical education I received from her.;George Washington;mom
The natural state of motherhood is unselfishness. When you become a mother, you are no longer the center of your own universe. You relinquish that position to your children.;Jessica Lange;mom
My mother had a great deal of trouble with me, but I think she enjoyed it.;Mark Twain;mom
Men are what their mothers made them.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;mom
My mother said to me, 'If you are a soldier, you will become a general. If you are a monk, you will become the Pope.' Instead, I was a painter, and became Picasso.;Pablo Picasso;mom
Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own.;Aristotle;mom
The mother-child relationship is paradoxical and, in a sense, tragic. It requires the most intense love on the mother's side, yet this very love must help the child grow away from the mother, and to become fully independent.;Erich Fromm;mom
Only God Himself fully appreciates the influence of a Christian mother in the molding of character in her children.;Billy Graham;mom
That strong mother doesn't tell her cub, Son, stay weak so the wolves can get you. She says, Toughen up, this is reality we are living in.;Lauryn Hill;mom
It is not until you become a mother that your judgment slowly turns to compassion and understanding.;Erma Bombeck;mom
I ask people why they have deer heads on their walls. They always say because it's such a beautiful animal. There you go. I think my mother is attractive, but I have photographs of her.;Ellen DeGeneres;mom
I am sure that if the mothers of various nations could meet, there would be no more wars.;E. M. Forster;mom
When you are a mother, you are never really alone in your thoughts. A mother always has to think twice, once for herself and once for her child.;Sophia Loren;mom
Yes, Mother. I can see you are flawed. You have not hidden it. That is your greatest gift to me.;Alice Walker;mom
Sweater, n.: garment worn by child when its mother is feeling chilly.;Ambrose Bierce;mom
Who in their infinite wisdom decreed that Little League uniforms be white? Certainly not a mother.;Erma Bombeck;mom
The mother's heart is the child's schoolroom.;Henry Ward Beecher;mom
My mother taught me about the power of inspiration and courage, and she did it with a strength and a passion that I wish could be bottled.;Carly Fiorina;mom
My mother taught me to treat a lady respectfully.;Chris Brown;mom
I've been through it all, baby, I'm mother courage.;Elizabeth Taylor;mom
Being a mother is hard and it wasn't a subject I ever studied.;Ruby Wax;mom
It is only in the act of nursing that a woman realizes her motherhood in visible and tangible fashion it is a joy of every moment.;Honore de Balzac;mom
I'm a Mommy's Girl - the strongest influence in my young life was my mom.;Susie Bright;mom
When you have a good mother and no father, God kind of sits in. It's not enough, but it helps.;Dick Gregory;mom
Mothers always find ways to fit in the work - but then when you're working, you feel that you should be spending time with your children and then when you're with your children, you're thinking about working.;Alice Hoffman;mom
How simple a thing it seems to me that to know ourselves as we are, we must know our mothers names.;Alice Walker;mom
Every man must define his identity against his mother. If he does not, he just falls back into her and is swallowed up.;Camille Paglia;mom
My mother used to tell me man gives the award, God gives the reward. I don't need another plaque.;Denzel Washington;mom
Motherhood is priced Of God, at price no man may dare To lessen or misunderstand.;Helen Hunt Jackson;mom
The fastest way to break the cycle of perfectionism and become a fearless mother is to give up the idea of doing it perfectly - indeed to embrace uncertainty and imperfection.;Arianna Huffington;mom
Throughout my life, my mom has been the person that I've always looked up to.;Mike Krzyzewski;mom
When motherhood becomes the fruit of a deep yearning, not the result of ignorance or accident, its children will become the foundation of a new race.;Margaret Sanger;mom
Completeness? Happiness? These words don't come close to describing my emotions. There truly is nothing I can say to capture what motherhood means to me, particularly given my medical history.;Anita Baker;mom
Motherhood has a very humanizing effect. Everything gets reduced to essentials.;Meryl Streep;mom
What do girls do who haven't any mothers to help them through their troubles?;Louisa May Alcott;mom
Only mothers can think of the future - because they give birth to it in their children.;Maxim Gorky;mom
Take motherhood: nobody ever thought of putting it on a moral pedestal until some brash feminists pointed out, about a century ago, that the pay is lousy and the career ladder nonexistent.;Barbara Ehrenreich;mom
I was a brownie for a day. My mom made me stop. She didn't want me to conform.;Sandra Bullock;mom
Mothers are the necessity of invention.;Bill Watterson;mom
Where there is a mother in the home, matters go well.;Amos Bronson Alcott;mom
I was raised by a single mother who made a way for me. She used to scrub floors as a domestic worker, put a cleaning rag in her pocketbook and ride the subways in Brooklyn so I would have food on the table. But she taught me as I walked her to the subway that life is about not where you start, but where you're going. That's family values.;Al Sharpton;mom
My mom always said that there would be haters. Not everyone can love ya.;Joel Madden;mom
I may be the only mother in America who knows exactly what their child is up to all the time.;Barbara Bush;mom
The Vatican is against surrogate mothers. Good thing they didn't have that rule when Jesus was born.;Elayne Boosler;mom
Just as a mother finds pleasure in taking her little child on her lap, there to feed and caress him, in like manner our loving God shows His fondness for His beloved souls who have given themselves entirely to Him and have placed all their hope in His goodness.;Alphonsus Liguori;mom
It's the moms of this nation - single, married, widowed - who really hold this country together. We're the mothers, we're the wives, we're the grandmothers, we're the big sisters, we're the little sisters, we're the daughters. You know it's true, don't you? You're the ones who always have to do a little more.;Ann Romney;mom
If there were no schools to take the children away from home part of the time, the insane asylums would be filled with mothers.;E. W. Howe;mom
I sing seriously to my mom on the phone. To put her to sleep, I have to sing 'Maria' from West Side Story. When I hear her snoring, I hang up.;Adam Sandler;mom
My mother was a personal friend of God's. They had ongoing conversations.;Della Reese;mom
I am no mother, and I won't be one.;Brigitte Bardot;mom
Of all the roles I've played, none has been as fulfilling as being a mother.;Annette Funicello;mom
Mothers don't let your daughters grow up to be models unless you're present.;Janice Dickinson;mom
I owe much to mother. She had an expert's understanding, but also approached art emotionally.;David Rockefeller;mom
A woman must combine the role of mother, wife and politician.;Emma Bonino;mom
I wish my mother had left me something about how she felt growing up. I wish my grandmother had done the same. I wanted my girls to know me.;Carol Burnett;mom
My mother taught me that we all have the power to achieve our dreams. What I lacked was the courage.;Clay Aiken;mom
I basically became a cheerleader because I had a very strict mom. That was my way of being a bad girl.;Sandra Bullock;mom
There are only two things a child will share willingly communicable diseases and its mother's age.;Benjamin Spock;mom
Motherhood is the strangest thing, it can be like being one's own Trojan horse.;Rebecca West;mom
Mommy smoked but she didn't want us to. She saw smoke coming out of the barn one time, so we got whipped.;Loretta Lynn;mom
I loved raising my kids. I loved the process, the dirt of it, the tears of it, the frustration of it, Christmas, Easter, birthdays, growth charts, pediatrician appointments. I loved all of it.;Jane Elliot;mom
I think while all mothers deal with feelings of guilt, working mothers are plagued by guilt on steroids!;Arianna Huffington;mom
What is free time? I'm a single mother. My free moments are filled with loving my little girl.;Roma Downey;mom
I am truly my mother's son.;David Geffen;mom
My sisters and mom raised me to respect women and open doors for them.;Milo Ventimiglia;mom
My mother gets all mad at me if I stay in a hotel. I'm 31-years-old, and I don't want to sleep on a sleeping bag down in the basement. It's humiliating.;Ben Affleck;mom
I wanted to escape so badly. But of course I knew I couldn't just give up and leave school. It was only when I heard my mom's voice that I came out of my hiding place.;Zhang Ziyi;mom
Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like.;Arnold Bennett;mom
Everyone checks out my mom. My mom's hot.;Ashley Scott;mom
I want to be a cool mom.;Tori Spelling;mom
Why do grandparents and grandchildren get along so well? The mother.;Claudette Colbert;mom
I want to be more successful as a mother than I am in show business.;Celine Dion;mom
My mother worked in factories, worked as a domestic, worked in a restaurant, always had a second job.;Ed Bradley;mom
I guess I was a mom so late in life, my daughter was the greatest thing since sliced bread.;Candice Bergen;mom
Always it gave me a pang that my children had no lawful claim to a name.;Harriet Ann Jacobs;mom
I think my mother is my biggest influence. There are so many things I hate about her but at the same time I'm thankful for her. All I know is that when I'm a parent I want to be just like my mom. I can talk to my mom more than any of my friends could talk to their parents.;Nikki Reed;mom
I'm so happy and thankful I made it a point be a stay-at-home mom.;Candace Cameron Bure;mom
I'd lose my mind if I heard my kid call the nanny Mommy.;Toni Braxton;mom
My mother told me on several different occasions that she was livin' her dream vicariously through me. She once said that I was getting' to do all the things that she would have wanted to have done.;Buck Owens;mom
My parents, especially my mother, were no influence on me whatsoever.;Andy Partridge;mom
Motherhood is at its best when the tender chords of sympathy have been touched.;Paul Harris;mom
Morality and its victim, the mother - what a terrible picture! Is there indeed anything more terrible, more criminal, than our glorified sacred function of motherhood?;Emma Goldman;mom
The man in our society is the breadwinner the woman has enough to do as the homemaker, wife and mother.;Dorothy Fields;mom
I stand fearlessly for small dogs, the American Flag, motherhood and the Bible. That's why people love me.;Art Linkletter;mom
My mother thinks I could have even run a larger company.;Christie Hefner;mom
My mom taught us the Serenity Prayer at a young age.;Toby Keith;mom
What motivated me? My mother. My mother was an immigrant woman, a peasant woman, struggled all her life, worked in the garment center.;Al Lewis;mom
The woman is uniformly sacrificed to the wife and mother.;Elizabeth Cady Stanton;mom
I'm sure that my mom would have been happy with any path I chose.;Joely Fisher;mom
