Life... is not simply a series of exciting new ventures. The future is not always a whole new ball game. There tends to be unfinished business. One trails all sorts of things around with one, things that simply won't be got rid of.;Anita Brookner;future
Live life to the fullest, for the future is scarce.;Nick Carter;future
The Republican argument that raising the debt ceiling encourages additional future spending is logically irresponsible. The debt ceiling has to be raised to authorize spending already approved by Congress. Despite that fallacy, the GOP has been able to score political points with its argument.;Eliot Spitzer;future
The earth we abuse and the living things we kill will, in the end, take their revenge for in exploiting their presence we are diminishing our future.;Marya Mannes;future
The science of politics is the one science that is deposited by the streams of history, like the grains of gold in the sand of a river and the knowledge of the past, the record of truths revealed by experience, is eminently practical, as an instrument of action and a power that goes to making the future.;Lord Acton;future
Really, each era has its own false nostalgia. We all put a picket fence up around something. For my generation it was the '50s, and for other generations it will be something else. Change is scary for everyone, as is complexity, contradiction, and an uncertain future.;Gary Ross;future
I'd love to do more action stuff, in the future.;Ashley Tisdale;future
It is difficult to live in the present, ridiculous to live in the future and impossible to live in the past. Nothing is as far away as one minute ago.;Jim Bishop;future
My kids are the future of the Mayweather family and of the Mayweather brand. I feel our family is stronger if we stay together.;Floyd Mayweather, Jr.;future
You have reckoned that history ought to judge the past and to instruct the contemporary world as to the future. The present attempt does not yield to that high office. It will merely tell how it really was.;Leopold Von Ranke;future
The flesh endures the storms of the present alone the mind, those of the past and future as well as the present. Gluttony is a lust of the mind.;Thomas Hobbes;future
I think Gingrich has embarrassed the party over time. Whether he'll do it again in the future, I don't know. But Gov. Romney never has.;Chris Christie;future
Since we can't know what knowledge will be most needed in the future, it is senseless to try to teach it in advance. Instead, we should try to turn out people who love learning so much and learn so well that they will be able to learn whatever needs to be learned.;John Holt;future
We are all afraid for our confidence, for the future, for the world. That is the nature of the human imagination. Yet every man, every civilization, has gone forward because of its engagement with what it has set itself to do.;Jacob Bronowski;future
I feel like I write songs for the future or something. Not in an arrogant way, but I feel like maybe my songs were, like, before their time or something.;Ellie Goulding;future
I never remember having a plan. All I could think about was how I was going to afford to get into college or where I was going to stay because I hated being at home. I didn't really have time to think about anything in the future. I didn't think about a career or anything. I went to uni, got a couple of jobs, so I sort of funded it myself.;Ellie Goulding;future
I never have plans for the future as you never know how things will turn out.;Nigella Lawson;future
But I think it's more that when you're young, you're invincible, you're immortal - or at least you think you are. The possibilities are limitless, you're inventing the future. Then you get older and suddenly you have a history. It's fixed. You can't change anything. I find that a bit disturbing, to be honest.;Damien Hirst;future
Comedy was the key to everything. I grew up fast and controlled my future by bringing it on faster than it naturally unfolded. I cheated myself out of a childhood but then got a running headstart into adulthood that no one else could keep up with.;Margaret Cho;future
It's been a difficult thing because some great opportunities have come and I've just been holding my breath and praying... I'm basically gambling hoping something will come along this season and if not, I don't know what the future holds.;Charisma Carpenter;future
Just, you never know what the next day is going to bring. That goes for football, goes for off the field, and I gave up a long time ago trying to predict the future and trying to deal with things I couldn't deal with.;Brett Favre;future
I stopped thinking about it after trying to figure out what are the lessons learned, and there are so many. After I had basically sorted that out, I figured it's time to really look at the future and not at the past.;Kalpana Chawla;future
I stopped predicting the future a long time ago.;Fred Durst;future
If we are to better the future we must disturb the present.;Catherine Booth;future
I don't have that much forward planning about what I want to do next, or in the future.;Heath Ledger;future
I knew I could not cope with the future unless I was able to rediscover the past.;Gene Tierney;future
If other people want to talk about my future I can't control that.;Steven Gerrard;future
Life is an operation which is done in a forward direction. One lives toward the future, because to live consists inexorably in doing, in each individual life making itself.;Jose Ortega y Gasset;future
Men don't come up to you to just talk. We come up to you with a plan. We're looking across the room at you, and we don't care about your hopes and dreams. We don't care about what your future holds. We saw something we wanted.;Steve Harvey;future
The future depends entirely on what each of us does every day a movement is only people moving.;Gloria Steinem;future
In an ecology of love, people can relate in trust and face the future without fear. They do not need to play it safe. They can take uncertainty in their stride.;Jonathan Sacks;future
While everyone else is thinking about economics and politics, executive salaries and the future of the euro, do the opposite, even if it's hard. Invest in the spirit.;Jonathan Sacks;future
A perfect storm is in the making: financial uncertainty, economic downturn, government cuts, rising unemployment and a future that looks less clear the more we try to fathom it.;Jonathan Sacks;future
While we can remember the past, we cannot write the future. Only our children, the future of our community, can do that.;Jonathan Sacks;future
Instead of seeing these children for the blessings that they are, we are measuring them only by the standard of whether they will be future deficits or assets for our nation's competitive needs.;Jonathan Kozol;future
Not many people give you a vision of what the future will bring.;will.i.am;future
If you really want change, you really want it to be inclusive, where everyone's included, otherwise you're just going to have more of the same in the future.;will.i.am;future
You can get your money and you put it in the bank, or you can put it in the youth. You can put it in our future.;will.i.am;future
The Freudian theory is one of the most important foundation stones for an edifice to be built by future generations, the dwelling of a freer and wiser humanity.;Thomas Mann;future
The past is really almost as much a work of the imagination as the future.;Jessamyn West;future
My commitment to the security and future of Israel is based upon basic morality as well as enlightened self-interest. Our role in supporting Israel honors our own heritage.;Gerald R. Ford;future
I plant a lot of trees. I am a great believer in planting things for future generations. I loathe the now culture where you just live for today.;Penelope Keith;future
The future of Conservatism lies in our beliefs and values, not by throwing them away. We need to shed associations that bind us to past failures, but hold faith with those things that make us Conservatives.;Iain Duncan Smith;future
When you try to predict future E.R.A.'s with past E.R.A.'s, you're making a mistake.;Nate Silver;future
When a scientist is ahead of his times, it is often through misunderstanding of current, rather than intuition of future truth. In science there is never any error so gross that it won't one day, from some perspective, appear prophetic.;Jean Rostand;future
There are certain moments when we might wish the future were built by men of the past.;Jean Rostand;future
What else does anxiety about the future bring you but sorrow upon sorrow?;Thomas a Kempis;future
Here once again education is crucial, it enables children to be become more aware of their rights and to exercise them in a respectful manner which helps them shape their own future.;Carol Bellamy;future
We are, perhaps, uniquely among the earth's creatures, the worrying animal. We worry away our lives, fearing the future, discontent with the present, unable to take in the idea of dying, unable to sit still.;Lewis Thomas;future
Doctors, dressed up in one professional costume or another, have been in busy practice since the earliest records of every culture on earth. It is hard to think of a more dependable or enduring occupation, harder still to imagine any future events leading to its extinction.;Lewis Thomas;future
At this early stage in our evolution, now through our infancy and into our childhood and then, with luck, our growing up, what our species needs most of all, right now, is simply a future.;Lewis Thomas;future
The future is too interesting and dangerous to be entrusted to any predictable, reliable agency. We need all the fallibility we can get. Most of all, we need to preserve the absolute unpredictability and total improbability of our connected minds. That way we can keep open all the options, as we have in the past.;Lewis Thomas;future
When I was a kid, I thought movie stars were women and men who were in these great films that we still look at now. But I don't think there are too many films coming out these days that we're going to look at in the future and say, 'This is one of the great ones.';Lindsay Lohan;future
The debt-ceiling vote isn't about what will be done in the future it is about the integrity of America's commitment to support the bonds we issue. Elected officials have an obligation to maintain that integrity, regardless of whether they voted for the programs that required the borrowing in the first place.;John Sununu;future
We can do things the cheap way, the simple way, for the short-term and without regard for the future. Or, we can make the extra effort, do the hard work, absorb the criticism and make decisions that will cause a better future.;Mike Rounds;future
Every great work of art has two faces, one toward its own time and one toward the future, toward eternity.;Lester Bangs;future
Children are our future we must take care of them with maximum effort.;Naomi Campbell;future
I could definitely see myself making a serious movie or a drama in the future.;Adam Carolla;future
I don't know what the future holds. Anything is possible.;Liz Phair;future
What unites Oklahomans today is what has always united us: Our unshakable faith. Our love of family and compassion for others. The unlimited promise of a hopeful future.;Brad Henry;future
To communicate the truths of history is an act of hope for the future.;Daisaku Ikeda;future
A healthy vision of the future is not possible without an accurate knowledge of the past.;Daisaku Ikeda;future
No one is going to try to fill my mother's shoes, what she did was fantastic. It's about making your own future and your own destiny and Kate will do a very good job of that.;Prince William;future
Kids are meeting in coffee shops and basements figuring out what's unsustainable in their communities. That's the future.;Ian Somerhalder;future
Fear of the future is worse than one's present fortune.;Quintilian;future
Reactionary: a man walking backwards with his face to the future.;Aneurin Bevan;future
We are a people in a quandary about the present. We are a people in search of our future. We are a people in search of a national community.;Barbara Jordan;future
We are a party of innovation. We do not reject our traditions, but we are willing to adapt to changing circumstances, when change we must. We are willing to suffer the discomfort of change in order to achieve a better future.;Barbara Jordan;future
We must not become the new puritans and reject our society. We must address and master the future together. It can be done if we restore the belief that we share a sense of national community, that we share a common national endeavor. It can be done.;Barbara Jordan;future
I am only 33, I've got a lot to do. This is the first half of my career. I'm looking forward to the future and I'm proud about the past.;Ice Cube;future
I don't think anybody anywhere can talk about the future of their people or of an organization without talking about education. Whoever controls the education of our children controls our future.;Wilma Mankiller;future
What we're discussing privately and publicly, is a budget which is a blueprint for the future which creates jobs, which educates our children, which provides healthcare for all Americans, which takes our deficit down, which gives a tax cut for 95% of the American people.;Nancy Pelosi;future
Blowing up buses will not induce the Israelis to move forward, and neither will the killing of Palestinians or the demolition of their homes and their future. All this needs to stop. And we pledge that Jordan will do its utmost to help achieve it.;King Abdullah II;future
The incentive that you give to your youth is going to be the make-or-break future of the country.;King Abdullah II;future
Think about it: Reducing crime and poverty and ensuring that we have an educated, stable work force has a direct effect on you and me and the future of our country.;Jane Fonda;future
Our youth deserve the opportunity to complete their high school and college education, free of early parenthood. Their future children deserve the opportunity to grow up in financially and emotionally stable homes. Our communities benefit from healthy, productive, well-prepared young people.;Jane Fonda;future
It's about time we make the well-being of our young people more important than ideology and politics. As a country, we benefit from investing in their future by investing in teen pregnancy prevention.;Jane Fonda;future
I'm not certain, but I have a little gypsy blood in me. And my mother always told me that her grandma could give someone the evil eye, and I'd better not cross her because she had some of that blood in her. Mother always believed that she could predict the future, and she had dreams that came true.;Sam Raimi;future
Ensuring quality higher education is one of the most important things we can do for future generations.;Ron Lewis;future
The most important thing about global warming is this. Whether humans are responsible for the bulk of climate change is going to be left to the scientists, but it's all of our responsibility to leave this planet in better shape for the future generations than we found it.;Mike Huckabee;future
To live only for some future goal is shallow. It's the sides of the mountain that sustain life, not the top.;Robert M. Pirsig;future
Habitual texters may not only cheat their existing relationships, they can also limit their ability to form future ones since they don't get to practice the art of interpreting nonverbal visual cues.;Jeffrey Kluger;future
The future... seems to me no unified dream but a mince pie, long in the baking, never quite done.;Edward Young;future
There's no point in making predictions. It's not worth speculating because nothing is set in stone and things change all the time in football. Today there are opportunities that no one knows if they will come round again in the future.;Cristiano Ronaldo;future
What should be the future of Israel? Is the land the most important choice, and for that reason to keep the whole of the land at any cost, or to have a partition and build the Jewish state on part of the land? And the other part?;Shimon Peres;future
The Super Bowl is a game. Life is for real. What I went through helped me get to where I am today. I won't forget. I can't forget. Because a man who forgets his past sometimes loses his soul and forgets where to go in the future.;Junior Seau;future
The future author is one who discovers that language, the exploration and manipulation of the resources of language, will serve him in winning through to his way.;Thornton Wilder;future
The people in charge, globally, are maniacs. They are maniacs, and unless we do something about it these people are going to deprive us of a future.;Thom Yorke;future
If we want to secure the best jobs in the future, we must make America the best place in the world to do business.;Jim DeMint;future
Today is a celebration of hope for the Iraqi people. The Iraqi people can now take control of their government and their future by creating a society that protects the rights endowed to us by our creator - life, liberty and freedom.;Jim DeMint;future
Man spends his life in reasoning on the past, in complaining of the present, in fearing future.;Antoine Rivarol;future
We live trapped, between the churned-up and examined past and a future that waits for our work.;Anna Freud;future
The future of Indo-Pak cricket will depend on how the peace process goes.;Imran Khan;future
The future is going to be boring. The suburbanisation of the planet will continue, and the suburbanisation of the soul will follow soon after.;J. G. Ballard;future
I came to live in Shepperton in 1960. I thought: the future isn't in the metropolitan areas of London. I want to go out to the new suburbs, near the film studios. This was the England I wanted to write about, because this was the new world that was emerging.;J. G. Ballard;future
That is now my mission: to provide a European vision of growth, employment, prosperity - in one word, our future.;Francois Hollande;future
Between France and Senegal there's a history. There's a language that we both speak. There's a culture that we share and to which both of our peoples have contributed. But beyond our history, beyond our language, beyond the links that have united us for so long, what unites us today is the future.;Francois Hollande;future
We need the help of other member countries and leaders who, like us, want to see a change in Europe's direction. That's also my logic when I tell voters that electing me president will not only shape France's future, but also initiate change across all of Europe.;Francois Hollande;future
There are hurdles, there are handicaps, hardships you have to face in life, but you hope for a great future.;Anil Kapoor;future
