Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it.;Kevyn Aucoin;life
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.;Mark Twain;life
You can have everything in life you want, if you will just help other people get what they want.;Zig Ziglar;life
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.;Khalil Gibran;life
My life has been one great big joke, a dance that's walked a song that's spoke, I laugh so hard I almost choke when I think about myself.;Maya Angelou;life
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.;Steve Jobs;life
There is only one thing in life worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.;Oscar Wilde;life
Through humor, you can soften some of the worst blows that life delivers. And once you find laughter, no matter how painful your situation might be, you can survive it.;Bill Cosby;life
The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you. If you do that, you're in control of your life. If you don't, life controls you.;Tony Robbins;life
All my life, my heart has yearned for a thing I cannot name.;Andre Breton;life
If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough.;Meister Eckhart;life
There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.;Oscar Wilde;life
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves.;Victor Hugo;life
What a wee little part of a person's life are his acts and his words! His real life is led in his head, and is known to none but himself.;Mark Twain;life
Those who educate children well are more to be honored than they who produce them for these only gave them life, those the art of living well.;Aristotle;life
Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.;Ashley Smith;life
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts: therefore, guard accordingly, and take care that you entertain no notions unsuitable to virtue and reasonable nature.;Marcus Aurelius;life
In our daily life, we encounter people who are angry, deceitful, intent only on satisfying their own needs. There is so much anger, distrust, greed, and pettiness that we are losing our capacity to work well together.;Margaret J. Wheatley;life
To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;life
Our life of poverty is as necessary as the work itself. Only in heaven will we see how much we owe to the poor for helping us to love God better because of them.;Mother Teresa;life
Make it a habit to tell people thank you. To express your appreciation, sincerely and without the expectation of anything in return. Truly appreciate those around you, and you'll soon find many others around you. Truly appreciate life, and you'll find that you have more of it.;Ralph Marston;life
Each person must live their life as a model for others.;Rosa Parks;life
I believe that being successful means having a balance of success stories across the many areas of your life. You can't truly be considered successful in your business life if your home life is in shambles.;Zig Ziglar;life
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.;Socrates;life
There are four questions of value in life... What is sacred? Of what is the spirit made? What is worth living for, and what is worth dying for? The answer to each is the same. Only love.;Johnny Depp;life
Money isn't the most important thing in life, but it's reasonably close to oxygen on the 'gotta have it' scale.;Zig Ziglar;life
I'm the one that has to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life, the way I want to.;Jimi Hendrix;life
I decided, very early on, just to accept life unconditionally I never expected it to do anything special for me, yet I seemed to accomplish far more than I had ever hoped. Most of the time it just happened to me without my ever seeking it.;Audrey Hepburn;life
Life is a gamble. You can get hurt, but people die in plane crashes, lose their arms and legs in car accidents people die every day. Same with fighters: some die, some get hurt, some go on. You just don't let yourself believe it will happen to you.;Muhammad Ali;life
I don't believe in guilt, I believe in living on impulse as long as you never intentionally hurt another person, and don't judge people in your life. I think you should live completely free.;Angelina Jolie;life
You change your life by changing your heart.;Max Lucado;life
Probably the happiest period in life most frequently is in middle age, when the eager passions of youth are cooled, and the infirmities of age not yet begun as we see that the shadows, which are at morning and evening so large, almost entirely disappear at midday.;Eleanor Roosevelt;life
I never thought of losing, but now that it' s happened, the only thing is to do it right. That's my obligation to all the people who believe in me. We all have to take defeats in life.;Muhammad Ali;life
Life stands before me like an eternal spring with new and brilliant clothes.;Carl Friedrich Gauss;life
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.;George Bernard Shaw;life
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune to keep him is a blessing.;Baltasar Gracian;life
The care of human life and happiness, and not their destruction, is the first and only object of good government.;Thomas Jefferson;life
The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering.;Bruce Lee;life
My rule of life prescribed as an absolutely sacred rite smoking cigars and also the drinking of alcohol before, after and if need be during all meals and in the intervals between them.;Winston Churchill;life
Even when a person has all of life's comforts - good food, good shelter, a companion - he or she can still become unhappy when encountering a tragic situation.;Dalai Lama;life
March on. Do not tarry. To go forward is to move toward perfection. March on, and fear not the thorns, or the sharp stones on life's path.;Khalil Gibran;life
You can never really live anyone else's life, not even your child's. The influence you exert is through your own life, and what you've become yourself.;Eleanor Roosevelt;life
The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.;Pablo Picasso;life
The important thing is that men should have a purpose in life. It should be something useful, something good.;Dalai Lama;life
As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round.;Ben Hogan;life
Every man's life ends the same way. It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another.;Ernest Hemingway;life
If you ask me what I came into this life to do, I will tell you: I came to live out loud.;Emile Zola;life
Part of the secret of a success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside.;Mark Twain;life
There's no tragedy in life like the death of a child. Things never get back to the way they were.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;life
Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts.;Jim Morrison;life
Before success comes in any man's life, he's sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit. That's exactly what the majority of men do.;Napoleon Hill;life
You can change your world by changing your words... Remember, death and life are in the power of the tongue.;Joel Osteen;life
Have the courage to say no. Have the courage to face the truth. Do the right thing because it is right. These are the magic keys to living your life with integrity.;W. Clement Stone;life
Life is as tedious as twice-told tale, vexing the dull ear of a drowsy man.;William Shakespeare;life
A sense of humor... is needed armor. Joy in one's heart and some laughter on one's lips is a sign that the person down deep has a pretty good grasp of life.;Hugh Sidey;life
The God who gave us life, gave us liberty at the same time.;Thomas Jefferson;life
Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.;Theodore Roosevelt;life
There is no end to education. It is not that you read a book, pass an examination, and finish with education. The whole of life, from the moment you are born to the moment you die, is a process of learning.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;life
Nothing is perfect. Life is messy. Relationships are complex. Outcomes are uncertain. People are irrational.;Hugh Mackay;life
A nation which has forgotten the quality of courage which in the past has been brought to public life is not as likely to insist upon or regard that quality in its chosen leaders today - and in fact we have forgotten.;John F. Kennedy;life
Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained.;Marie Curie;life
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.;Nelson Mandela;life
Literature adds to reality, it does not simply describe it. It enriches the necessary competencies that daily life requires and provides and in this respect, it irrigates the deserts that our lives have already become.;C. S. Lewis;life
If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life.;Marcus Garvey;life
In the course of my life, I have often had to eat my words, and I must confess that I have always found it a wholesome diet.;Winston Churchill;life
Once I knew only darkness and stillness... my life was without past or future... but a little word from the fingers of another fell into my hand that clutched at emptiness, and my heart leaped to the rapture of living.;Helen Keller;life
I am convinced that material things can contribute a lot to making one's life pleasant, but, basically, if you do not have very good friends and relatives who matter to you, life will be really empty and sad and material things cease to be important.;David Rockefeller;life
Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.;Winston Churchill;life
Football is like life - it requires perseverance, self-denial, hard work, sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority.;Vince Lombardi;life
For time and the world do not stand still. Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or the present are certain to miss the future.;John F. Kennedy;life
Life is either a great adventure or nothing.;Helen Keller;life
Stop acting as if life is a rehearsal. Live this day as if it were your last. The past is over and gone. The future is not guaranteed.;Wayne Dyer;life
Once in his life, every man is entitled to fall madly in love with a gorgeous redhead.;Lucille Ball;life
Time is the coin of your life. It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent. Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you.;Carl Sandburg;life
In war as in life, it is often necessary when some cherished scheme has failed, to take up the best alternative open, and if so, it is folly not to work for it with all your might.;Winston Churchill;life
Books constitute capital. A library book lasts as long as a house, for hundreds of years. It is not, then, an article of mere consumption but fairly of capital, and often in the case of professional men, setting out in life, it is their only capital.;Thomas Jefferson;life
The Christian life is not a constant high. I have my moments of deep discouragement. I have to go to God in prayer with tears in my eyes, and say, 'O God, forgive me,' or 'Help me.';Billy Graham;life
The ultimate value of life depends upon awareness and the power of contemplation rather than upon mere survival.;Aristotle;life
I guess I have always been deeply terrified to really be someone's wife since I know from life one cannot love another, ever, really.;Marilyn Monroe;life
Life is never fair, and perhaps it is a good thing for most of us that it is not.;Oscar Wilde;life
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.;Eleanor Roosevelt;life
Without pain, there would be no suffering, without suffering we would never learn from our mistakes. To make it right, pain and suffering is the key to all windows, without it, there is no way of life.;Angelina Jolie;life
If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life.;Oscar Wilde;life
Constant development is the law of life, and a man who always tries to maintain his dogmas in order to appear consistent drives himself into a false position.;Mahatma Gandhi;life
Life is hard it's harder if you're stupid.;John Wayne;life
Let everyone try and find that as a result of daily prayer he adds something new to his life, something with which nothing can be compared.;Mahatma Gandhi;life
No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new.;Steve Jobs;life
It takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new. But there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful. There is more security in the adventurous and exciting, for in movement there is life, and in change there is power.;Alan Cohen;life
Truth is a deep kindness that teaches us to be content in our everyday life and share with the people the same happiness.;Khalil Gibran;life
Holding on to anger, resentment and hurt only gives you tense muscles, a headache and a sore jaw from clenching your teeth. Forgiveness gives you back the laughter and the lightness in your life.;Joan Lunden;life
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it. This is a kind of death.;Anais Nin;life
Life is a series of experiences, each one of which makes us bigger, even though sometimes it is hard to realize this. For the world was built to develop character, and we must learn that the setbacks and grieves which we endure help us in our marching onward.;Henry Ford;life
There is a very fine line between loving life and being greedy for it.;Maya Angelou;life
Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music.;Ronald Reagan;life
When we do the best that we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life, or in the life of another.;Helen Keller;life
At fifteen life had taught me undeniably that surrender, in its place, was as honorable as resistance, especially if one had no choice.;Maya Angelou;life
One of the things I learned the hard way was that it doesn't pay to get discouraged. Keeping busy and making optimism a way of life can restore your faith in yourself.;Lucille Ball;life
As you simplify your life, the laws of the universe will be simpler solitude will not be solitude, poverty will not be poverty, nor weakness weakness.;Henry David Thoreau;life
Life loves to be taken by the lapel and told: 'I'm with you kid. Let's go.';Maya Angelou;life
