The excursion is the same when you go looking for your sorrow as when you go looking for your joy.;Eudora Welty;sad
Every human walks around with a certain kind of sadness. They may not wear it on their sleeves, but it's there if you look deep.;Taraji P. Henson;sad
One should either be sad or joyful. Contentment is a warm sty for eaters and sleepers.;Eugene O'Neill;sad
First, accept sadness. Realize that without losing, winning isn't so great.;Alyssa Milano;sad
Sadness is also a kind of defence.;Ivo Andric;sad
Red is the ultimate cure for sadness.;Bill Blass;sad
Everything's complicated, even those things that seem flat in their bleakness or sadness.;Nick Hornby;sad
You have to let it all hang out, let go of the ideas that were more comfortable and embrace some of the sadness in your life.;Madeleine Peyroux;sad
The good times of today, are the sad thoughts of tomorrow.;Bob Marley;sad
For me, singing sad songs often has a way of healing a situation. It gets the hurt out in the open into the light, out of the darkness.;Reba McEntire;sad
I am convinced that material things can contribute a lot to making one's life pleasant, but, basically, if you do not have very good friends and relatives who matter to you, life will be really empty and sad and material things cease to be important.;David Rockefeller;sad
I had rather have a fool to make me merry than experience to make me sad and to travel for it too!;William Shakespeare;sad
I hold the world but as the world, Gratiano A stage where every man must play a part, And mine is a sad one.;William Shakespeare;sad
Usually when people are sad, they don't do anything. They just cry over their condition. But when they get angry, they bring about a change.;James Russell Lowell;sad
It is a very sad thing that nowadays there is so little useless information.;Oscar Wilde;sad
It is sad not to love, but it is much sadder not to be able to love.;Miguel de Unamuno;sad
Every word, facial expression, gesture, or action on the part of a parent gives the child some message about self-worth. It is sad that so many parents don't realize what messages they are sending.;Virginia Satir;sad
Hear me, my chiefs! I am tired. My heart is sick and sad. From where the sun now stands, I will fight no more forever.;Chief Joseph;sad
A comfortable old age is the reward of a well-spent youth. Instead of its bringing sad and melancholy prospects of decay, it would give us hopes of eternal youth in a better world.;Maurice Chevalier;sad
Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts.;Paramahansa Yogananda;sad
I didn't really want to live, so anything that was an investment in time made me angry... but also I just felt sad. When the hopelessness is hurting you, it's the fixtures and fittings that finish you off.;Angelina Jolie;sad
You can never control who you fall in love with, even when you're in the most sad, confused time of your life. You don't fall in love with people because they're fun. It just happens.;Kirsten Dunst;sad
He is a hard man who is only just, and a sad one who is only wise.;Voltaire;sad
He who is not just is severe, he who is not wise is sad.;Voltaire;sad
The sad truth is that most evil is done by people who never make up their minds to be good or evil.;Hannah Arendt;sad
The closing of a door can bring blessed privacy and comfort - the opening, terror. Conversely, the closing of a door can be a sad and final thing - the opening a wonderfully joyous moment.;Andy Rooney;sad
There must be something solemn, serious, and tender about any attitude which we denominate religious. If glad, it must not grin or snicker if sad, it must not scream or curse.;William James;sad
Wondrous is the strength of cheerfulness, and its power of endurance - the cheerful man will do more in the same time, will do it better, will preserve it longer, than the sad or sullen.;Thomas Carlyle;sad
So many gods, so many creeds, so many paths that wind and wind while just the art of being kind is all the sad world needs.;Ella Wheeler Wilcox;sad
I enjoyed in every way my 12 years of playing Archie, and I wasn't personally sad about finishing a long job.;Carroll O'Connor;sad
I don't have many sad days.;Billy Graham;sad
The display of grief makes more demands than grief itself. How few men are sad in their own company.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;sad
And in real life endings aren't always neat, whether they're happy endings, or whether they're sad endings.;Stephen King;sad
For I have learned to look on nature, not as in the hour of thoughtless youth, but hearing oftentimes the still, sad music of humanity.;William Wordsworth;sad
It's time to say goodbye, but I think goodbyes are sad and I'd much rather say hello. Hello to a new adventure.;Ernie Harwell;sad
Few women, I fear, have had such reason as I have to think the long sad years of youth were worth living for the sake of middle age.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;sad
Beauty makes idiots sad and wise men merry.;George Jean Nathan;sad
Christmas makes everything twice as sad.;Doug Coupland;sad
I am an optimist, unrepentant and militant. After all, in order not to be a fool an optimist must know how sad a place the world can be. It is only the pessimist who finds this out anew every day.;Peter Ustinov;sad
Sad people dislike the happy, and the happy the sad the quick thinking the sedate, and the careless the busy and industrious.;Horace;sad
It is sad to grow old but nice to ripen.;Brigitte Bardot;sad
Proud people breed sad sorrows for themselves.;Emily Bronte;sad
If we don't make earnest moves toward real solutions, then each day we move one day closer to revolution and anarchy in this country. This is the sad, and yet potentially joyous, state of America.;Louis Farrakhan;sad
There's no excuse to be bored. Sad, yes. Angry, yes. Depressed, yes. Crazy, yes. But there's no excuse for boredom, ever.;Viggo Mortensen;sad
Man is born passionate of body, but with an innate though secret tendency to the love of Good in his main-spring of Mind. But God help us all! It is at present a sad jar of atoms.;Lord Byron;sad
I would not know how I am supposed to feel about many stories if not for the fact that the TV news personalities make sad faces for sad stories and happy faces for happy stories.;Dave Barry;sad
The sad duty of politics is to establish justice in a sinful world.;Reinhold Niebuhr;sad
That is sad until one recalls how many bad books the world may yet be spared because of the busyness of writers.;Gore Vidal;sad
I love my past, I love my present. I am not ashamed of what I have had, and I am not sad because I no longer have it.;Sidonie Gabrielle Colette;sad
War is very sad and small life is pathetically fragile at times.;Henry Rollins;sad
It's nice to be with someone, but I don't think you need to be in a relationship to feel complete. That would be really sad.;Kristin Davis;sad
It is a sad thing when men have neither the wit to speak well nor the judgment to hold their tongues.;Jean de la Bruyere;sad
They say geniuses mostly have great mothers. They mostly have sad fates.;David Herbert Lawrence;sad
There are more than 300,000 families in the Gulf region that lost their homes and are waiting for peace of mind. The hurricane exposed the sad reality of poverty in America. We saw, in all its horrific detail, the vulnerabilities of living in inadequate housing and the heartbreak of losing one's home.;Harry Connick, Jr.;sad
I'm sad to report that in the past few years, ever since uncertainty became our insistent 21st century companion, leadership has taken a great leap backwards to the familiar territory of command and control.;Margaret J. Wheatley;sad
What is sad for women of my generation is that they weren't supposed to work if they had families. What were they going to do when the children are grown - watch the raindrops coming down the window pane?;Jackie Kennedy;sad
Falling in love is awesome, but I'm never drawn to happy songs per se, so whenever you sit down to write a heartbreak song and you're happily in love, it's like, 'OK, now I have to go back to a sad place to get something good.';Miranda Lambert;sad
If you don't know about pain and trouble, you're in sad shape. They make you appreciate life.;Evel Knievel;sad
How sad it is that we give up on people who are just like us.;Fred Rogers;sad
Art is the most beautiful deception of all. And although people try to incorporate the everyday events of life in it, we must hope that it will remain a deception lest it become a utilitarian thing, sad as a factory.;Claude Debussy;sad
Of these years nought remains in memory but the sad feeling that we have advanced and only grown older.;Max Muller;sad
They say such nice things about people at their funerals that it makes me sad that I'm going to miss mine by just a few days.;Garrison Keillor;sad
Poverty makes you sad as well as wise.;Bertolt Brecht;sad
The sad souls of those who lived without blame and without praise.;Dante Alighieri;sad
It is a sad fact about our culture that a poet can earn much more money writing or talking about his art than he can by practicing it.;W. H. Auden;sad
The Indian Summer of life should be a little sunny and a little sad, like the season, and infinite in wealth and depth of tone, but never hustled.;Henry Adams;sad
Sometimes I wonder if suicides aren't in fact sad guardians of the meaning of life.;Vaclav Havel;sad
But it's a journey and the sad thing is you only learn from experience, so as much as someone can tell you things, you have to go out there and make your own mistakes in order to learn.;Emma Watson;sad
Among the many reasons assignable for the sad decay of true Christianity, perhaps the neglecting to assemble ourselves together, in religious societies, may not be one of the least.;George Whitefield;sad
Better by far you should forget and smile than that you should remember and be sad.;Christina G. Rossetti;sad
Better by far you should forget and smile that you should remember and be sad.;Christina Rossetti;sad
When I was a child people simply looked about them and were moderately happy today they peer beyond the seven seas, bury themselves waist deep in tidings, and by and large what they see and hear makes them unutterably sad.;E. B. White;sad
It's sad, something coming to an end. It cracks you open, in a way - cracks you open to feeling.;Jennifer Aniston;sad
A sad fact of life lately at the Museum of Modern Art is that when it comes to group shows of contemporary painting from the collection, the bar has been set pretty low.;Jerry Saltz;sad
When I did the film Generations, in which the character died, I felt like a guest for the first time. That made me very sad.;William Shatner;sad
All pictures are unnatural. All pictures are sad because they're about dead people. Paintings you don't think of in a special time or with a specific event. With photos I always think I'm looking at something dead.;David Bailey;sad
It's sad, actually, because my anxiety keeps me from enjoying things as much as I should at this age.;Amanda Seyfried;sad
I have a piece of great and sad news to tell you: I am dead.;Jean Cocteau;sad
Country fans need to support country music by buying albums and concert tickets for traditional artists or the music will just fade away. And that would be really sad.;George Jones;sad
What makes old age so sad is not that our joys but our hopes cease.;Jean Paul;sad
Everybody has a right to like or dislike anything or anyone. From a flower to a flavor to a book or a composition but it is very sad that in our country we actually fight over such things in an unseemly manner.;Ravi Shankar;sad
I think people appreciate a songwriter who shows different sides. The whole angst thing is cool, but if that's all you've got, it's just boring. Everything I write, whether it's happy or sad, has a sense of humor to it.;Katy Perry;sad
Our religion is itself profoundly sad - a religion of universal anguish, and one which, because of its very catholicity, grants full liberty to the individual and asks no better than to be celebrated in each man's own language - so long as he knows anguish and is a painter.;Charles Baudelaire;sad
The president we have today is a typical Washington politician that's prone to hyperbole and decisiveness and false outrage. And I think it's very sad - very sad to watch.;Marco Rubio;sad
As virtuous men pass mildly away, and whisper to their souls to go, whilst some of their sad friends do say, the breath goes now, and some say no.;John Donne;sad
I think you have to know how you feel when you're sad and it's healthy to mourn if a relationship ends.;Leighton Meester;sad
I am very sad for men and women trapped in any relationship where there is cruelty, dominance, inequity. I long for the liberation of all people.;Jasmine Guy;sad
NASA has been one of the most successful public investments in motivating students to do well and achieve all they can achieve. It's sad that we are turning the programme in a direction where it will reduce the amount of motivation and stimulation it provides to young people.;Neil Armstrong;sad
Well the country songs themselves are three-chord stories, ballads which are mostly sad. If you are already feeling sorry for yourself when you listen to them they will take you to an even sadder place.;Willie Nelson;sad
I was very sad to hear of the death of Ronnie Barker, who was such a warm, friendly and encouraging presence to have when I started in television. He was also a great comic actor to learn from.;John Cleese;sad
The sad thing is most people have to check with someone before they do the things that make them happy. We're all passing through the least we can do is be happy, and the only way to do that is by being selfish.;Gene Simmons;sad
I love jazz music and sad music. I'm a sentimental guy. I'm a romantic guy.;Fred Durst;sad
It's a sad fact about our culture that a poet can earn much more money writing or talking about his art than he can by practicing it.;W. H. Auden;sad
It is a sad commentary of our times when our young must seek advice and counsel from 'Dear Abby' instead of going to Mom and Dad.;Abigail Van Buren;sad
A lot of country music is sad.;Willie Nelson;sad
Women often postpone their lives, thinking that if they're not with a partner then it doesn't really count. They're still searching for their prince, in a way. And as much as we don't discuss that, because it's too embarrassing and too sad, I think it really does exist.;Jane Campion;sad
The sad truth is that the civil rights movement cannot be reborn until we identify the causes of black suffering, some of them self-inflicted. Why can't black leaders organize rallies around responsible sexuality, birth within marriage, parents reading to their children and students staying in school and doing homework?;Henry Louis Gates;sad
I'll always be sad that my marriage ended.;Shania Twain;sad
His death was the first time that Ed Wynn ever made anyone sad.;Red Skelton;sad
