I didn't know my dad for a long time. My dad was on drugs and my dad was at the VA Hospital, my dad was off in his own world selling drugs or using them or there would be crack heads in the house or whatever it would be.;Shia LaBeouf;dad
My parents were working class folks. My dad was a bartender for most of his life, my mom was a maid and a cashier and a stock clerk at WalMart. We were not people of financial means in terms of significant financial means. I always told them, 'I didn't always have what I wanted. I always had what I needed.' My parents always provided that.;Marco Rubio;dad
My dad was a bartender. My mom was a cashier, a maid and a stock clerk at K-Mart. They never made it big. They were never rich. And yet they were successful. Because just a few decades removed from hopelessness, they made possible for us all the things that had been impossible for them.;Marco Rubio;dad
Without my dad, I wouldn't be here.;Maria Sharapova;dad
My dad played fiddle as well.;Robert Plant;dad
I want to be a young dad. By 25 or 26 I want to see myself, like, married or start looking for a family.;Justin Bieber;dad
When I was younger, I had a perm, and it was really big. My mom was a hairdresser, so even my dad had a perm! I looked like a poodle, but it was cool at the time.;Heidi Klum;dad
My friends say, 'Man you're going to have kids sleeping on pillowcases with your face on it! You're going to be on toothbrushes and magnets and stuff.' I guess now that I'm a dad, I'm thrilled about that.;Hugh Jackman;dad
My kids are not that interested in my movie career, by the way. My son, in particular, never talks about it. He just wants me as his dad.;Hugh Jackman;dad
I've never heard my dad say a bad word about anybody. He always keeps his emotions in check and is a true gentleman. I was taught that losing it was indulgent, a selfish act.;Hugh Jackman;dad
Now my dad is with me, traveling with me and a big part of this whole thing is I like to mix it up a little bit, you know. Who gets to take their father on a private jet across the country and stay in first class hotels? So we're enjoying it, but I'd stop if it's not possible.;Shia LaBeouf;dad
My dad used to say, 'Just because you dress up in a coat and tie, it doesn't influence your intelligence.';Tiger Woods;dad
My Dad used to tell us: 'En este pais, ustedes van a poder lograr todas las cosas que nosotros no pudimos' 'In this country, you will be able to accomplish all the things we never could.';Marco Rubio;dad
My dad, he is such a soft man. Even if he has these opinions about my boyfriends, he will be the sweetest guy. He will make you feel like you're fascinating and awesome, even if he doesn't like you that much.;Amanda Seyfried;dad
I'm not a religious person. My mom was of Jewish blood and my dad was Protestant.;Daniel Radcliffe;dad
My dad believes in God, I think. I'm not sure if my mom does. I don't.;Daniel Radcliffe;dad
My dad's got a brilliant eye for scripts 'cos he's a literary agent. He and my agent read a load of scripts and filter them.;Daniel Radcliffe;dad
Joanna points her camera at a section of society unused to having cameras pointed at it. But I don't know about categorizing them in terms of class I'm a bit wary of that. My dad is the son of a shipbuilder.;Tom Hiddleston;dad
It's an ongoing joy being a dad.;Liam Neeson;dad
My dad would give me $10, which is a lot of money when you're 9, to sing at church, on tables at restaurants, at family functions, just about anywhere.;Katy Perry;dad
I forgive my mom for being a psycho and my dad for being a loser.;Nikki Sixx;dad
It is a sad commentary of our times when our young must seek advice and counsel from 'Dear Abby' instead of going to Mom and Dad.;Abigail Van Buren;dad
There are absolutely no problems between me, my dad and my sister. Obviously I grew up with just my mum, but my relationship with my dad is just fine.;Norah Jones;dad
I try to be a hard boiled sometimes. My kids see right through it. I'm acting. It's always, 'When I say you'll be back at 11, that means 11, not 11.15. Do you hear me!?' Then, 'Yeah, Dad.';Liam Neeson;dad
My grandfather and my uncle both died from colorectal cancer, my dad almost died from it and I have the gene for it.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;dad
A father and two sons run Adelphia. It's a cable company. And they took from that company a billion dollars. A billion. Three people - three people took a billion dollars. What were they gonna do, start their own space program? 'Let's send the monkey to Mars, Dad!';Lewis Black;dad
One of the scary things is that, when you're a kid, you look at your dad as the man who has no fear. When you're an adult, you realize your father had fear, and that you have it, too.;David Duchovny;dad
I'm just a pretty regular dad.;Ang Lee;dad
I think my dad is a lot cooler than other dads. He still acts like he's still 17.;Miley Cyrus;dad
My dad says I could sing before I could talk, if that's possible. I was always humming and things like that.;Miley Cyrus;dad
I once said to my father, when I was a boy, 'Dad we need a third political party.' He said to me, 'I'll settle for a second.';Ralph Nader;dad
My Dad was my biggest supporter. He never put pressure on me.;Bobby Orr;dad
My dad always used to tell me that if they challenge you to an after-school fight, tell them you won't wait-you can kick their ass right now.;Cameron Diaz;dad
I'm a dad, and I no longer see a way for my kids to even inherit the money that I'm making, let alone go out there, have an idea, and create it in their own lifetime.;Glenn Beck;dad
I like all the angels around because they protect me and my daughter. I mean, her Dad's an angel.;Courtney Love;dad
My dad never blew anything up, but he probably had friends who did. He and my mom have always preached that the pen is mightier than a Molotov cocktail.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;dad
Overcoming my dad telling me that I could never amount to anything is what has made me the megalomaniac that you see today.;Bono;dad
Going to the theater is such a joyous experience. My dad would take my sister and me to plays when we were very young, like six or seven years old.;Julia Roberts;dad
My dad's a beautiful man, but like a lot of Mexican men, or men in general, a lot of men have a problem with the balance of masculinity and femininity - intuition and compassion and tenderness - and get overboard with the macho thing. It took him a while to become more, I would say, conscious, evolved.;Carlos Santana;dad
My Dad is my hero.;Harry Connick, Jr.;dad
I can definitely say the older I've got the better I've become at being a dad and a husband.;Rod Stewart;dad
My dad always said, 'Champ, the measure of a man is not how often he is knocked down, but how quickly he gets up.';Joe Biden;dad
I was a mixture of being incredibly old for my age and incredibly backwards. I was born quite old, but then I stopped growing. I lived with my mum and dad till I was 30.;Helena Bonham Carter;dad
I'm turning into a stricter dad.;David Duchovny;dad
I have four shelves covered with journals that I've written. Dad and I are writing songs together. I've probably written 100 songs.;Miley Cyrus;dad
I probably have an earlier curfew than anyone. My mom wants to keep me really safe and my dad's not overly protective, but he's a dad no matter what.;Miley Cyrus;dad
I don't really know any other musicians like me. I grew up backstage with my dad who played in a post-war dance band, so I always feel at home at a venue.;Pete Townshend;dad
I love my dad and we have a very good relationship now.;Norah Jones;dad
I'm the whitest guy you will ever meet. The first time I saw an African-American, my dad had to tell me to stop staring.;Glenn Beck;dad
When I was little, we had a Golden Book that had all these Disney characters in one portrait on the first page. My dad used to read from it every night. We'd play this game of find Pluto or find Donald Duck. He'd read us stories and do all the voices. Those are great memories.;Danica McKellar;dad
Most children - I know I did when I was a kid - fantasize another set of parents. Or fantasize no parents. They don't tell their real parents about that - you don't want to tell Mom and Dad. Kids lead a very private life. And I was a typical child, I think. I was a liar.;Maurice Sendak;dad
Most children - I know I did when I was a kid - fantasize another set of parents. Or fantasize no parents. They don't tell their real parents about that - you don't want to tell Mom and Dad.;Maurice Sendak;dad
My Dad is my hero. He's 85 now and he is in great health. He is handsome and strong. He has an incredible moral and ethical backbone. I couldn't have been luckier with my parents.;Harry Connick, Jr.;dad
My dad was the district attorney of New Orleans for about 30 years. And when he opened his campaign headquarters back in the early '70s, when I was 5 years old, my mother wanted me to play the national anthem. And they got an upright piano on the back of a flatbed truck and I played it.;Harry Connick, Jr.;dad
My dad and mom believed that you do what you have to do in private and don't make a big deal out of it. Just try to help people as much as you can.;Harry Connick, Jr.;dad
Well, my dad was the district attorney of New Orleans for about 30 years.;Harry Connick, Jr.;dad
What I do now is all my dad's fault, because he bought me a guitar as a boy, for no apparent reason.;Rod Stewart;dad
My dad bought me a guitar and people would ask me to play.;Rod Stewart;dad
I shouldn't have got married. My dad told me. I was 35 and I got married. He said, 'You're too young to be married'. 'What? I'm 35'. Said, 'You're far too young. You haven't lived yet'. He was right, bless him, thanks, Dad.;Rod Stewart;dad
My dad is a Deadhead, my mom's a Jewish-American princess from Jersey.;Adam Lambert;dad
My mom was a waitress, and my dad was a plumber who worked for the City of San Clemente fixing mains breaks, so not too glamorous.;Shaun White;dad
My dad, he's the rocker.;Shaun White;dad
My dad got me a huge board when I was little. He loves to surf. He suited me up and sent me out on this huge wave. I went under, and when I came out and the board hit me in the face. So I said, I never wanted to do this again. I stayed away until I was 13.;Shaun White;dad
We all started snowboarding in the beginning as a family just to be closer together, go on trips. It was our soccer, but instead of Dad yelling at me from the sideline he is there riding with me and hitting the jumps even before I am hitting them.;Shaun White;dad
From 1965 to 1967, my dad, Jack Gilligan, served in Congress and helped pass landmark laws like the Voting Rights Act.;Kathleen Sebelius;dad
My dad always tell me to make decisions from love and not from fear.;Rashida Jones;dad
My dad takes care of me as a manager and as a dad. That's his job, you know, to take care of me. He has my best interests at heart.;Jessica Simpson;dad
I can talk to my dad like he's my manager, and put 'Dad' on the back burner. We've been doing it since I was 13.;Jessica Simpson;dad
My dad's a doctor, and when I was 8, I went to one of his medical conferences where they were demonstrating laser surgery on a chicken. I was so mad that a chicken had to die, I never ate meat again.;Natalie Portman;dad
When I was in nursery school, the teachers asked me, y'know, 'What does your dad do for a living?' So I said 'He helps women get pregnant!' They called my mom and they were like, 'What exactly does your husband do?';Natalie Portman;dad
You always hear people saying, 'I hope I'm not turning into my dad', but I'd be honoured if I became half as decent a bloke as he is.;Johnny Vegas;dad
I came back from university thinking I knew all about politics and racism, not knowing my dad had been one of the youngest-serving Labour councillors in the town and had refused to work in South Africa years ago because of the situation there. And he's never mentioned it - you just find out. That's a real man to me. A sleeping lion.;Johnny Vegas;dad
I wanted to be a mechanic. When I was 14 I wanted to quit school and go work on my car. But my dad said Son, you shouldn't do that. You should stay in school until your education is finished, and when you're done, don't make your hobby your job.;Eric Bana;dad
My dad taught me from my youngest childhood memories through these connections with Aboriginal and tribal people that you must always protect people's sacred status, regardless of the pest.;Steve Irwin;dad
I haven't been baptised. My dad's not in the church and is not a religious person. My mum is more spiritual - she does Thai-chi and goes to Stonehenge and things like that. I'm proud to be pagan. Finland is not really a religious country. I'm still looking for my god.;Ville Valo;dad
My dad was a Methodist minister.;George McGovern;dad
The problem with me, as far as getting married and having a family, is that my comedy is so important to me. So I don't know if I'll ever be as good a dad as my dad.;Adam Sandler;dad
But my dad also was a remarkable man, a good person, a principled individual, a man of integrity.;Sidney Poitier;dad
My dad was a militant atheist, or is a militant atheist. My mum was sort of bought up in a religious family because she was a Protestant from Ireland but wasn't especially religious.;Tony Blair;dad
My dad had a commercial film company, so he had a videotape player before anyone. So he got Mel Brooks movies or Citizen Kane or some classic old movies. And every summer the revival house in Evanston would show the great films from the '50s and '60s and '70s.;John Cusack;dad
I go off and make movies I come home, and I'm a dad and I hang with my girls.;Clive Owen;dad
They have had such a crazy life living with me as their dad. Not crazy but different from their friends.;Sebastian Bach;dad
Yeah, my dad bought me a guitar when I was like 10, and I didn't really want it then.;Miranda Lambert;dad
I've dated all kinds of guys and didn't know who I'd end up with. But I kind of assumed it would be someone more like my dad than not.;Miranda Lambert;dad
My dad's whole family is in Madras and I was born in America so we didn't have that big Indian community. I don't really have anything interesting to say about it. When I talk about it people are like, 'meh, let's talk about something else.';Mindy Kaling;dad
I have to remind my dad, 'Journalists - no matter how many cigars they smoke with you - are not your friends, so don't talk to them.';Cameron Diaz;dad
I like to believe that I've got a lot of guardian warriors sittin' on my shoulder including my dad.;Patrick Swayze;dad
I used to say, 'Man, I think I'd be a really good dad. I'll be a great provider. I'm funny I'll go on trips with them - I'll do all sorts of stuff.' But the momming? I'm not made for that. I have a really good mom I know what she put into it.;Elizabeth Gilbert;dad
My dad's probably one of the kindest people in the world. When I was younger that's not how I was- I was a little spoiled brat.;Leonardo DiCaprio;dad
I spent a lot of time on farms when I was young. My uncle and my dad owned a big farm.;Emeril Lagasse;dad
I have this complex. I don't like too much exposure. I don't know why it is. Maybe it's bred in me, because my dad always told me to be humble and don't think you're too good.;Mark Viduka;dad
And of course I've got kids of my own now, and they love me being in the Harry Potter films. I'm now part of a phenomenon. You become incredibly cool to your kids, and you get a young fan base. So you became the cool dad at school. You're suddenly hip.;Gary Oldman;dad
'Nil By Mouth' was a bit autobiographical, but as I always pointed out at the time, that's not my dad.;Gary Oldman;dad
I couldn't walk down any street in Britain without being laughed at. It was a nightmare. My children were devastated because their dad was a figure of ridicule.;David Icke;dad
I sort of always had an inkling towards some kind of an art form. I grew up in a very small town, and I just figure-skated. My dad played hockey and I was surrounded by sports, but it wasn't quite doing it for me. I wasn't totally fulfilled, and I did a lot of skating.;Rachel McAdams;dad
Also for me it was different because I play a lot of villains and in this one I play a dad and I play a good guy, basically. He's the Secretary of the Treasury. I never had a job like that.;Christopher Walken;dad
I didn't come from a trailer park. I grew up middle class and my dad had money and my mom made my lunch. I got a car when I was sixteen. I'm proud of that.;Kid Rock;dad
In addition, there is one title I cherish a great deal more than Congressman and that is the title of... Dad.;J. C. Watts;dad
My dad was the biggest influence on my life because he was never boring.;Christian Bale;dad
