It's funny, in a way the actor is a writer. It's not like the two things are so separate as to be like apples and oranges. The writer and the actor are one.;Sam Shepard;funny
Stealing, you'll go far in life. Actually, there is something funny about getting away with it.;Mike Judge;funny
Movies don't look hard, but figuring it out, getting the shape of it, getting everybody's character right and having it be funny, make sense and be romantic, it's creating a puzzle. Yes, having been a writer for so long, I have an awareness of when things are going awry, but it doesn't mean I know how to fix them.;Nancy Meyers;funny
I can do comedy, so people want me to do that, but the other side of comedy is depression. Deep, deep depression is the flip side of comedy. Casting agents don't realize it but in order to be funny you have to have that other side.;Parker Posey;funny
What's funny is my husband doesn't have any tattoos at all, so he must be the very conservative one.;Ashley Scott;funny
I watched a lot of silent directors who were absolutely great like John Ford and Fritz Lang, Tod Browning, and also some very modern directors like The Coen Brothers. The directors take the freedom within their own movies to be melodramatic or funny when they chose to be. They do whatever they want and they don't care about the genre.;Michel Hazanavicius;funny
What I fell in love with as a child was 'My Fair Lady,' 'Funny Face,' 'American in Paris,' and 'Singin' in the Rain.' Just perfect movies to me and I was dancing. I started ballet when I was three. And I fell in love with those movies and fell in love with Audrey Hepburn and Leslie Caron.;Dianna Agron;funny
My job is mostly to entertain and be funny.;Rosie O'Donnell;funny
Sometimes you have to take the focus off of you and put it on someone else and it's funny what you can accomplish and how much strength you really have.;Hoda Kotb;funny
I don't think I was funny until college. I lived with some Harvard MD/PhD students - they were so smart, and what I contributed to the house was, I was the funny one.;Wendy Liebman;funny
When I was younger I wanted to be a big movie star who'd get to be funny on talk shows and then I wanted to retire and write science fiction.;Scott Thompson;funny
When you are not treated seriously, you develop comically. Its sense of oneself is so fractured and fragile that it's like the picked-on kid who has to become funny.;Scott Thompson;funny
I got pregnant at 40 by surprise. It's funny, because when we found out we were pregnant, I said, 'Okay, let's experience that.' You just have to just go with it because it's rare.;Julianna Margulies;funny
Billy is a funny, cheeky, lovely boy and I love being with him. Parenthood is terrifying though. I can barely walk past a building without panicking that it's going to collapse on his head.;Rufus Sewell;funny
The funny thing is the songs that people think are about me probably aren't. And the songs that are probably are the ones they wouldn't think... so that's where it kind of is funny.;LeAnn Rimes;funny
Funny, I don't feel any more powerful today than yesterday.;Jerry B. Jenkins;funny
The Islam of the 18th, 19th and first half of the 20th century was a poor thing. Nobody bothered about it. Islam was that funny sort of pure system of beliefs that depressed people in the Middle East held as their religion.;John Keegan;funny
Most of my ideas just come out funny.;Tim Heidecker;funny
Sometimes laughing isn't the best judge of what's funny, 'cause I think there's a lot of things that are really funny that don't make you laugh, that don't make you physically, audibly make a noise, but is something that is much more powerful than that.;Tim Heidecker;funny
There is nothing funny about a well-adjusted, intelligent person making the right choices.;Tim Heidecker;funny
I'm always in situations where you can't be funny, and yet I want to do it anyway.;Tim Heidecker;funny
It's a funny thing about me. I don't have any interest in food most of the time now, although when I was a kid I was always hungry.;Alan Ladd;funny
I wasn't even 20 at the time, but it taught me something about drugs. They can take a good man, a warm, funny, loving family man, and turn him into a loser and worse.;Michael Bergin;funny
I believe, in a funny way, the job of the novelist is to be out there on the fringes and speaking for an experience that has not really been spoken for.;Donna Tartt;funny
Funny, how moms can tell you what to do no matter how old or big you are.;Gabrielle Reece;funny
I didn't grow up identifying with beauty. I grew up thinking I could be smart and funny - those are the things I got feedback on.;Lauren Graham;funny
Inappropriateness is funny to me. Rudeness is hilarious.;Zach Galifianakis;funny
I think if they put a laugh track on 'Intervention,' it would be funny.;Zach Galifianakis;funny
We all know how funny Morrissey is. Actually, you know what? I say that sarcastically. His songs are some of the funniest songs I've ever heard in my life. I mean, really. I mean, not that the 'Girlfriend in a Coma' is, like, really funny.;Zach Galifianakis;funny
When I was in high school I used to sit by myself in the cafeteria - not necessarily by choice - but I thought it was funny to talk to people that weren't there.;Zach Galifianakis;funny
Laughter is involuntary. If it's funny you laugh.;Tom Lehrer;funny
What's funny about that is when I was writing Twilight just for myself and not thinking of it as a book, I was not thinking about publishing, and yet at the same time I was casting it in my head. Because when I read books, I see them very visually.;Stephenie Meyer;funny
I auditioned for a solo in church and got it. I was about seven and I sang a song called, 'Jesus, I Heard You Had a Big House' and I remember people standing up at the end and me thinking, 'Oh, I think I'm going to like this.' That's how it all began. Sounds funny to say you got your start in church, but I did.;Kristin Chenoweth;funny
It's so different when you change your hair color, you're treated so differently. It's a very funny experience. It's fun - I love changing up my hair.;Kate Bosworth;funny
I'm a big fan of certain new acts. I love any genre of music, and I think it's really great to see that there are new artists coming through. It's kinda funny to think that I'm like the old man on campus now. But I'm really happy for groups like One Direction. I think they're really good guys.;Joe Jonas;funny
When I turned about 12 or 13, I realised that being funny wasn't about remembering jokes. It was about creating them.;Paul Merton;funny
They're great girls. They're very funny, they're very smart, they're fun to be with. They're very lively, as I think people can tell. And you know, they're very confident girls.;Laura Bush;funny
And regardless of the fact that in this country, certainly in the arts, we treat comedy as a second-class citizen, I've never thought of it that way. I've always thought it to be important. The last time I looked, the Greeks were holding up two masks. I've always thought of it not only as having equal value, but as the craft of it, being funny.;Jeff Daniels;funny
It's funny, but we were living on this small island off the coast of Charleston, South Carolina when I was 9.;Josh Lucas;funny
I have no agenda except to be funny. Neither I or the writers profess to offer any worldly wisdom.;Julia Louis-Dreyfus;funny
In my experience, it's not just that serious books get a hearing on comedy shows. But serious books get a serious hearing, as well as a funny one, on comedy shows.;Michael Mandelbaum;funny
It's a bit like school camp, shooting a film. Everyone's on heat. It's a strange energy. It's full of adrenalin. I funnel my excess energy in funny little ways. I do a lot of dancing in my trailer. I love music.;Alice Englert;funny
Here's the funny thing about the response I've been aware of to my dating famous people: It's been very negative. I'm either not good-looking enough, not a good enough actor or not successful enough for these people.;Dax Shepard;funny
I like the hot-cold, the sugar-salt, being able to play over-the-top and dramatic things - in the same film. Just as in my life, I can be very funny and at other times almost extinguished.;Jean Dujardin;funny
I'm an off-road racecar driver. And I think every woman in my life has told me that's not a sensible hobby. But when I was growing, even more than I wanted to be funny, I wanted to be a racecar driver. That's all I thought about. I worked for a race team when I was 15 and I traveled with them.;Dax Shepard;funny
Kyle Baker's work is really funny, but it's also got a very clear vision.;Bill Sienkiewicz;funny
It's funny: I've been very successful and done a lot of films, and I don't really have an agent - I don't really pursue jobs, I let people come to me.;Rick Baker;funny
If you look at the game and everything, it's not quite like looking at an animated film, because that's total character. This, this is really movement, but it's got funny little things if you look for the humor. They're actually getting to the character.;Don Bluth;funny
It's a funny thing because you look at the careers of other filmmakers, and you see them sort of slow down, and you realize, maybe this becomes harder to do as you get older. That's sort of a cautionary thing. I hope it doesn't happen to me.;Joel Coen;funny
There's a darkness under 'The Hangover' because ultimately there's a missing person and it's not really that funny. There's a sort of darkness under it that I love, and still people are laughing as hard if not harder than they did in 'Old School.';Todd Phillips;funny
I think people like comedies and I think concept driven comedies seem to be working when it's a clear concept and you deliver funny stuff.;Todd Phillips;funny
Now that I'm more mature, in a funny way, I can even appreciate that I've bad to become more aware of my body. Since I've chosen acting as my career, I have to keep my weight down anyway-I've been used to it for years, so it's no problem. And there's nothing I can't do.;Dana Hill;funny
Comedy is so subjective. You could be in a room with 400 people laughing at a joke and you could just not think it's funny. You're just sitting there like, 'Am I in the twilight zone? Why is everyone laughing?' It's such a personal thing. People have such a personal visceral response to comedy.;Todd Phillips;funny
I would do it today because the thing that appealed to me was not necessarily the mechanics of the robot, but it was his personality and how funny and charming he was.;John Badham;funny
You know, if I started worrying about what the critics think, I'd never make another comedy. You couldn't pick a less funny group than critics - you couldn't find a more bitter group of people!;Todd Phillips;funny
When I was a kid I had this funny blonde hair and everyone called me 'Chick' because I looked like Tweety Bird.;Nicky Hilton;funny
I think that 'Hangover II' is as funny as 'The Hangover I,' honest to God, but I think that it's a little bit darker, and the stakes are a little bit higher.;Todd Phillips;funny
I don't think know if anything's going to translate anywhere. You're making a movie, you hope it's going to be funny, you can't think about how it's going to go over.;Ben Stiller;funny
If you can find the line between sympathetic and creepy, you have reached a very funny area.;Jason Segel;funny
I don't think the public is dying to see me necessarily be funny all the time.;Ben Stiller;funny
I love New York. I was sad, depressed and incredibly moved by our fellow countrymen and what they've done. I wanted to give people a chance to see something funny, have a distraction.;Ben Stiller;funny
Jim Carrey, a comic genius, has a harder time overcoming the public's desire for him to be funny simply because he's so good at it.;Ben Stiller;funny
If you take a bunch of superstars and put them in a room where they don't have their assistants and entourage, it's funny to see what happens.;Daryl Hall;funny
Because death and illness are the most horrible things in life, of course that's where the most absurdly funny things are going to happen.;Julia Sweeney;funny
I think one of the basic tasks in life - one of the nice things we can do for each other - is to take things that are horrible and scary and make them acceptable and less frightening and, if possible, funny. It feels great to succeed at that.;Julia Sweeney;funny
I appreciate humor so much, but I'm actually not a funny girl.;Emmanuelle Chriqui;funny
During the Great Depression, when people laughed their worries disappeared. Audiences loved these funny men. I decided to become one.;Jerry Stiller;funny
I remember interviewing someone I actually felt bad for, and therefore didn't want to take an ironic stance against him. It actually turned out to be a really funny piece.;Rob Corddry;funny
I don't think my judgment is that good. I don't know what is funny.;Jerry Stiller;funny
It's funny, the hardest thing to do is to make something look like it's fast, loose and improvised, and get somebody to laugh.;Abel Ferrara;funny
Sometimes we have to actually say, I think you're really funny, but none of your jokes are going to make it on the air. So just answer my questions. Seriously.;Rob Corddry;funny
I'm not a comedian. I'm an actor who just happens to be funny on occasion.;Anthony Anderson;funny
The prospects for a coherent, hilarious and consistent American comedy seem to lessen every year, as the poor waterlogged, gassy corpse called 'Evan Almighty' proved when it floated ashore recently. So there's a temptation to think too highly of Robin Williams's uneven but occasionally funny 'License to Wed.';Stephen Hunter;funny
'Lucky' is for laughs, and there's really nothing funny that I'm doing on 'Dexter.' I think more than anything, both comment on the fact that anybody is capable of anything. Just because they are the shy guy in the corner doesn't mean that they are a harmless little bunny.;Colin Hanks;funny
There have been times when I felt suicidal and I would stop my head from going in that direction of negativity because I thought there'd be something I'd miss that was funny in the future. If there's a chance I'm going to laugh tomorrow then want to live to experience that.;Dave Navarro;funny
And remember, it's also very funny, because side by side with grief lies joy.;Fran Drescher;funny
I liked getting the best villain award. I thought that was funny.;Stephen Dorff;funny
The music industry is really funny, when you have a hit record, everyone knows who are you, everyone wants to do duets with you, then if you have a miss, people suffer from amnesia.;Seal;funny
This is funny because I just had a job over the summer for VH1, a project I did called Strange Frequency where I got to play a Goth rock band singer.;Charisma Carpenter;funny
I mean, I'm married first of all to one of, if not the most wonderful women in the world. She is everything - funny, attractive, hard-working, she has integrity, she loves me to bits.;Seal;funny
A film that I love is 'Raising Arizona' and that's funny but it's quite indie and weird and odd and quirky. I'd love to do something like that. Who knows?;Stephen Moyer;funny
And of course Marc Cherry heightens it and makes it hilarious. But there's so many universal themes in the show, and he made it so funny. We knew he was onto something if he could keep it up and, thankfully, he did.;James Denton;funny
It's so funny when you're actually directing because things start popping that you don't expect to pop, and something that you think is going to pop, maybe doesn't quite have the impetus that you thought it might.;Stephen Moyer;funny
Well, I'm not afraid to say something if I think it's funny, even if it's harsh or racist.;Sarah Silverman;funny
The promos with all of the beautiful women probably attracted some men, but the mystery story line is pretty cool. It's got that dark edge, and people will watch anything funny.;James Denton;funny
But I think you can make fun of anything as long as it's funny enough.;Sarah Silverman;funny
It's funny, because '1600 Penn' was the first time I really started to read the reviews, because I am an executive producer and I wanted to see what people were enjoying and not enjoying as a means to an end, right?;Josh Gad;funny
I mean, I talk about being Jewish a lot. It's funny because I do think of myself as Jewish ethnically, but I'm not religious at all. I have no religion.;Sarah Silverman;funny
It's funny because 'The Book of Mormon' is 'The Book of Mormon' now. When I was doing it at the very beginning, and I was a part of it for four years and always believed in it, I never really knew if it was going to be more than a convention for 'South Park' fans.;Josh Gad;funny
I know people will think it's funny because I've done glamour modelling in the past, but I felt embarrassed about my body and just wanted to cover it up.;Jennifer Ellison;funny
I got the wake-up call that no one is policing our oceans. I wondered, how can I do anything? What really can I do to make things better? There are some perks to being a celebrity. My job is to be funny once in a while, but it's my responsibility to make good use of it.;Angela Kinsey;funny
My parents, grandparents, aunts and uncles were all funny, and I felt that energy, that delivery, that timing, that sarcasm. All that stuff seeped into my brain.;Jeff Ross;funny
Wikipedia is just an incredible thing. It is fact-encirclingly huge, and it is idiosyncratic, careful, messy, funny, shocking and full of simmering controversies - and it is free, and it is fast.;Nicholson Baker;funny
I don't write literary fiction - I write books that are entertaining, but are also, I hope, well-constructed and thoughtful and funny and have things to say about men and women and families and children and life in America today.;Jennifer Weiner;funny
Do you want me to apologize after every joke? If it doesn't offend somebody it's probably not a joke. It's probably an observation that's not funny. It's gotta offend somebody somewhere.;Jeff Ross;funny
Billy Tauzin is one of the most interesting people in Washington. He is smart, funny, and interesting.;Tucker Carlson;funny
I've actually tried to roast somebody that I don't like, and it doesn't go well. Either they're a bad sport or I'm not as funny as I could be.;Jeff Ross;funny
My parents are both very funny but they're also relatively soft-spoken, normal human beings while I'm just a lunatic. I don't know where this loud, ballsy, hammy ridiculousness came from. I'm just glad I followed my goals and my parents did too. It's not like we even had a plan when I dragged my mom to Los Angeles.;Emma Stone;funny
It's funny, though, because when I first started going to races after we met, I was extremely nervous. It's like being backstage and hoping you don't trip over something or break an amp or accidentally speak into a live microphone, so I was really hesitant.;Ashley Judd;funny
