My dad works in child protection and he's spent many, many years in that line of work.;Chris Hemsworth;dad
At one point my dad called me and said, 'You have always been a great salesman. I think it's time you come home and sell swimming pools.';Courteney Cox;dad
You know, my mother's beautiful, my dad was a really handsome man, and there was a lot of talk about looks when I was growing up.;Courteney Cox;dad
I mean, my dad's a television producer, and I knew I could get a job as an assistant or a reader with one of his friends, but it wasn't exactly what I wanted to do.;J. J. Abrams;dad
My dad had this philosophy that if you tell children they're beautiful and wonderful then they believe it, and they will be. So I never thought I was unattractive. But I was never one of the girls at school who had lots of boyfriends.;Emily Mortimer;dad
It's a complex relationship when your dad happened to be president and you are president and then you have all the amateur psychology that goes on when people try to speculate about motivations.;Jeb Bush;dad
My guess is my brother would call his mom and his dad pretty regularly, a lot more than I probably did.;Jeb Bush;dad
I'm lucky because my dad taught me to be frugal and save. And that's important because I want to know that I don't have to take an acting job for two or three years if I don't want to and that I'll still be able to make my house and car payments and buy food for my dogs.;Ashley Greene;dad
My mom and dad just loved the fact that I fooled around. They just embraced it. They'd always kind of enjoy it, and they liked it when I made them laugh.;Dominic Monaghan;dad
Often as a child you see someone with a learning disability or Down's Syndrome and my mum and dad were always very quick to explain exactly what was going on and to be in their own way inclusive and welcoming.;Christopher Eccleston;dad
When I started writing, I did have some idealised notion of my dad as a writer. But I have less and less of a literary rivalry with him as I've gone on. I certainly don't feel I need his approval, although maybe that's because I'm confident that I've got it.;Paul Theroux;dad
It was, you know, probably 80 degrees out in L.A., and my dad took me outside and there was snow. At the time, I thought, 'Every kid doesn't have snow in their backyard on Christmas?';Tori Spelling;dad
I'd like to play Matt Damon's daddy. He's a wonderful actor, I really admire him, and I'd like to play his dad one day.;Larry Hagman;dad
The one thing that kept our family together was the music. The only thing that our family would share emotionally was to have our dad cry over something the kids did with music.;Dennis Wilson;dad
I am the granddaughter of a Welsh coal miner who was determined that his kids get out of the mines. My dad got his first job when he was six years old, in a little village in Wales called Nantyffyllon, cleaning bottles at the Colliers Arms.;Ann Romney;dad
It's just really making sure I am doing the best job I can do as a dad. I do think that is my No. 1 job.;Tony Dungy;dad
My dad read the Bible ten times, and I want to do it in my lifetime. But it's definitely tough getting through.;Pamela Anderson;dad
My Dad was from Liverpool, and he picked it up in the army. He'd often come out with this stuff.;Mike Myers;dad
My dad loved to laugh. He was very funny and very silly.;Mike Myers;dad
My dad sold encyclopedias and my mom worked in a factory office.;Mike Myers;dad
My mother always taught me, even my dad, just never let other people's opinions of you shape your opinion of yourself. And I never have and I never will.;Ruben Studdard;dad
I loved climbing because of the freedom, and having time and space. I remember coming off Everest for the last time, thinking of Dad and wishing that he could have seen what I saw. He would have loved it.;Bear Grylls;dad
Becoming a dad means you have to be a role model for your son and be someone he can look up to.;Wayne Rooney;dad
I was lucky to have my dad in my life. As crazy as things got, I always had him to put his hand on my shoulder.;Sharon Stone;dad
Within our culture, every school has a swimming pool. We lived on the coast. People swam in the surf. It's a very sporty nation and at that particular time anyone who had an artistic bent was very much an outsider. So if you liked reading or ideas or playing the piano then your dad viewed you as a sissy, basically.;Geoffrey Rush;dad
My dad always taught me to never be satisfied, to want more and know that what is done is done.;Thierry Henry;dad
So much of my aesthetic was formed by my dad.;Ron Perlman;dad
My dad wanted to name me after Rainier Maria Rilke, the poet.;Rainn Wilson;dad
My dad was always such a frustrated artist. He always worked very hard to support his family, doing a bunch of ridiculous jobs. He wanted to be a painter, but then he also wrote science-fiction novels in his spare time.;Rainn Wilson;dad
The founder of the Mona Foundation actually knew my dad for years, and the more I learned about it, the more I realized I really found the perfect charity. It sponsors schools and educational initiatives all over the planet.;Rainn Wilson;dad
I had bohemian parents in Seattle in the last '60s living in a houseboat. My dad wrote science fiction novels and painted big murals and oil paintings.;Rainn Wilson;dad
As a father now, I wouldn't do what my dad did, because it left me feeling emotionally unstable as a kid. But he didn't do the things he did out of selfishness or malice.;Anthony Kiedis;dad
I know my dad is a big Internet freak, and he's been known to be a Wikileaker.;Anthony Kiedis;dad
In a school where everyone is famous or rich or whatever, you have a culture, 'What does your dad do?' 'What does your mom do?';Cynthia Nixon;dad
I think 'Family Guy' and 'American Dad' have definitely staked out their own style and territory, and now the accusations are coming that 'The Simpsons' is taking jokes from 'Family Guy.' And I can tell you, that ain't the case.;Matt Groening;dad
I grew up in the world of bad television, on my dad's sets and then as a young schmuck on dating shows and so on.;George Clooney;dad
My mum always told me I was precious, while my dad always told me I was worthless. I think that's a good grounding for a balanced life.;Alan Cumming;dad
I used to have a silk dressing gown an uncle bought in Japan and when I came downstairs in it, my dad used to call me Davinia. There was never embarrassment about that kind of thing. My sister used to dress me up a lot. She thought I was a little doll.;David Walliams;dad
I think it's easiest to teach by example. My dad didn't tell us to work hard we just saw how hard he worked. I know I have shortcomings - like a short fuse - but I've learned you can't come home from a long day of work and snap at the kids.;Chris O'Donnell;dad
I had lost relationships with my dad, my brother and sister and I was just like, you know what, this is definitely the time to just get it together and so that's what I did.;Nicole Richie;dad
You know, I'm just - I'm really happy for my dad.;Nicole Richie;dad
I had the opportunity to go to law school, and my dad, who was an accountant, couldn't believe I wanted to walk away from that and start cooking.;Curtis Stone;dad
Now that I'm a dad, I'm practicing what I call 'one- handed cooking,' because I've got something more important in my other arm. I'm whipping up lots of frittatas and omelets.;Curtis Stone;dad
My dad has been married to his wife for 15 years and wherever he goes there better be a seat for her. I like real couples that tell you how to get through on Wednesdays when you're just at the end of your rope - the ones who really know how to make it through. We have to stop looking at Hollywood couples because you're going to get disappointed.;Sherri Shepherd;dad
My sisters have been baptized and my dad is a deacon at his church now. Sadly my mother passed away but what I can say is that the Jehovah Witnesses took very good care of her up until she died.;Sherri Shepherd;dad
My dad worked two jobs and moved us to the suburbs, and just being a black person, I went through a lot of racism and being called names and being bullied every single day. And it was hard. I didn't have any friends.;Sherri Shepherd;dad
I listened to the radio, so I was influenced by everyone from Michael Jackson to Milli Vanilli. But thankfully my dad had a collection of Cat Stevens albums while my mom was listening to jazz.;Jason Mraz;dad
My dad has sometimes felt that I grew up a little lacking in sufficient eccentricity - in the sense that I'm willing to live as an adult in a house with walls that are parallel to each other, that sort of thing.;Jaron Lanier;dad
I was into all kinds of music as a teen - country music, because my dad was in a band that played country, and whatever my sister and brother were into.;Martina McBride;dad
My dad was a huge country music fan, but he also had a band and he sang. So he'd listen to a lot of music and the songs that he'd learn for the band were more from the male artists. So my earliest country memories were Waylon Jennings, Conway Twitty, George Jones, Johnny Paycheck even.;Martina McBride;dad
I never saw my dad cry. My son saw me cry. My dad never told me he loved me, and consequently I told Scott I loved him every other minute. The point is, I'll make less mistakes than my dad, my sons hopefully will make less mistakes than me, and their sons will make less mistakes than their dads.;James Caan;dad
Me and my dad are friends. We're cool. I'll never be disappointed again, because I don't expect anything anymore from him. I just let him exist, and that's how we get along.;Drake;dad
My dad's family were pretty working class, actually.;Dan Stevens;dad
My dad tells me that he took us to a pantomime when I was very, very small - panto being a sort of English phenomenon. There's traditionally a part of the show where they'll invite kids up on the stage to interact with the show. I was too young to remember this, but my dad says that I was running up onstage before they even asked us.;Dan Stevens;dad
My dad liked a lot of Motown, but I didn't listen to it until my teenage years.;John Legend;dad
I love my mom and dad.;Taylor Momsen;dad
The only time I ever look good dancing is if I'm next to my dad at a wedding.;Cat Deeley;dad
Mental illness can happen to anybody. You can be a dustman, a politician, a Tesco worker... anyone. It could be your dad, your brother or your aunt.;Frank Bruno;dad
There's a lot of research behind the scenes that you don't get to see, but I have an instinct that my dad nurtured from when I was born. I was very lucky then.;Steve Irwin;dad
I didn't have any role models really. My best friend was a dog. My mum and dad saved a dog from the gutter and that dog was my brother before Jesse was born. Sami was his name and he was my role model.;Ville Valo;dad
My dad used to draw these great cartoon figures. His dream was being a cartoonist, but he never achieved it, and it kind of broke my heart. I think part of my interest in art had to do with his yearning for something he could never have.;Kathryn Bigelow;dad
My grandfather had two boys, my uncle had three boys, my dad had me and my two brothers, each of my brothers have had two boys. Then something happened with the chromosomal experiment and suddenly I've got three girls.;Greg Kinnear;dad
My dad had this rock hard body and would work 12- to 13-hour days. The guys he worked with were scrap-iron guys. Nobody on that road crew had read a book in 10 years, but there was something about the way they lived I really admired.;Richard Russo;dad
A company that pays attention to the family unit is a successful company. We don't isolate the family. We don't make rides that say, 'Hey mom, dad, you go sit on the bench.';Michael Eisner;dad
My dad was rubbish at all other aspects of his financial life, but he's pretty good at paying the rent.;Robert Carlyle;dad
I've always taken my love of children from my father. He was a children magnet. Suddenly, having my first child hit home what my dad went through.;Robert Carlyle;dad
My memories are of my dad taking me to football on Saturday mornings, and my mum taking me swimming. Those are the things I remember from my childhood, not sitting around the table debating capitalism and the profit squeeze.;David Miliband;dad
My dad was a ham, too. He could sell those women anything. Of all his sons, I was the only one he could trust to sell as well as he could. I was proud of that.;Paul Lynde;dad
Politicians... talk in generalities and lies, and I think they've caused all our grief. They're so awful, they're really funny. I hate thinking this because my dad loved politics.;Paul Lynde;dad
My mom's a social worker, and my dad works in non-profit organisations.;Seth Rogen;dad
After graduating from flares and platforms in the early 1970s, I started drama school wearing a pair of khaki dungarees with one of my Dad's Army shirts, accessorised by a cat's basket doubling as a handbag. Very Lady Gaga.;Jenny Eclair;dad
I've just got crap hair. Although I inherited a lot of stuff from my dad, including giant knees, I didn't get his good, thick hair. I got my mother's thin, wispy, non-event hair instead.;Jenny Eclair;dad
I was into the Mets because my Dad worked at IBM where he got free Mets tickets, so I was into the Mets... then I got to 'Saturday Night Live' where my boss has unbelievable N.Y. Yankees tickets, so he invites us to the games. I'm going to all the games, so I might as well root for the team I'm gonna go sit with.;Jimmy Fallon;dad
I always wanted to be a stay-at-home dad making art, making movies.;Robert Rodriguez;dad
In high school I dated a white woman. She would come to visit me on the rez. And her dad, who was very racist, didn't like that at all. And he told her one time, 'You shouldn't go on the rez if you're white because Indians have a lot of anger in their heart.';Sherman Alexie;dad
When I was a kid, my step dad started this business and would go out and get lost cows and stuff. He was part-time truck driver, farmer and cowboy. He taught me how to ride from an early age.;Tim McGraw;dad
I haven't really decided to be an actor yet! I started doing plays when I was about 15 or 16. I only did it because my dad saw a bunch of pretty girls in a restaurant and he asked them where they came from and they said drama group. He said, 'Son, that is where you need to go.';Robert Pattinson;dad
My dad says he likes to bask in my glow.;Robert Pattinson;dad
I grew up with baseball I played in Little League and went to games with my dad. But I, as I grew up, became more of a basketball fanatic than a baseball one.;Jonah Hill;dad
My mom was a professional. My dad and mom met each other in a movie called 'New Faces of 1937.' My mom went under the name Thelma Leeds, and she did a few movies, and she was really a great singer, and when she married my dad and started to have a family, she sang at parties.;Albert Brooks;dad
I love being a dad, it keeps me fit and inspired and children are so funny. They always supply you with acting material!;Wesley Snipes;dad
My first outdoor cooking memories are full of erratic British summers, Dad swearing at a barbecue that he couldn't put together, and eventually eating charred sausages, feeling brilliant.;Jamie Oliver;dad
I want any excuse to come home. My dad is not a spring chicken any more. If anyone says, 'Go buy a postage stamp in London,' I'll go and do it.;Emily Mortimer;dad
We all have experiences in our lives that change us, and we all learn from people, like my dad, but at the end of the day, it's only us. And we're only responsible to make ourselves happy.;Tom Brady;dad
I was born in 1968, just eighteen months after my sister Chrisse and just one year after Dad passed the bar exam.;Carre Otis;dad
My dad was an editor and a writer, and that's actually what I aspired to be.;Anne M. Mulcahy;dad
Baseball is the president tossing out the first ball of the season. And a scrubby schoolboy playing catch with his dad on a Mississippi farm.;Ernie Harwell;dad
I have great faith that Heaven's there and I'll see my brothers and my mom and dad when I get there.;Ernie Harwell;dad
When I was 7, my dad asked his friend to teach me. I played my first tournament competition when I was 8. I remember I shot around 125.;Yani Tseng;dad
If a dad does his job, we don't need prisons, we don't need jails. That's what I saw growing up.;Mike Singletary;dad
I've become a less brave traveller since I became a dad, but in the past I was more foolhardy than brave.;David Mitchell;dad
My dad was working abroad, in Iraq, and he was a doctor. We used to go and visit him, in Baghdad, off and on. For the first ten years of my life, we used to go backwards and forwards to Baghdad, so that was quite amazing. I spent a lot of time traveling around the Middle East.;Andy Serkis;dad
I stayed in Baghdad every summer until I was 14. My dad's sister is still there, but many of my relatives have managed to get out. People forget that there are still people there who are not radicalized in any particular direction, trying to live normal lives in a very difficult situation.;Andy Serkis;dad
My mom and dad got divorced when I was very young, and growing up in a family where the head of the household wasn't a man made a big difference.;Dave Mustaine;dad
I was always the new kid in school, I'm the kid from a broken family, I'm the kid who had no dad showing up at the father-son stuff, I'm the kid that was using food stamps at the grocery store.;Dave Mustaine;dad
My dad had a personal style which was very attractive. It was quite reserved and quite elegant, and it was infectious.;Bill Nighy;dad
Every kid needs to say, 'I want what my mom and dad have.';Josh McDowell;dad
In my case, I was born to parents who were very young, and I don't think they were entirely ready to have a child. My dad was going to college and working two or three jobs at the same time, and my mum was working and going to school.;Gillian Anderson;dad
My dad was an absentee dad, so it was always important to me that I was part of my daughter's life, and she deserved two parents, which is part of the rationale behind us staying married for 30 years.;Samuel L. Jackson;dad
