Guilt for being rich, and guilt thinking that perhaps love and peace isn't enough and you have to go and get shot or something.;John Lennon;peace
The soldier above all others prays for peace, for it is the soldier who must suffer and bear the deepest wounds and scars of war.;Douglas MacArthur;peace
To be prepared for war is one of the most effective means of preserving peace.;George Washington;peace
If civilization is to survive, we must cultivate the science of human relationships - the ability of all peoples, of all kinds, to live together, in the same world at peace.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;peace
I prefer peace. But if trouble must come, let it come in my time, so that my children can live in peace.;Thomas Paine;peace
One can not reflect in streaming water. Only those who know internal peace can give it to others.;Lao Tzu;peace
There are many things that are essential to arriving at true peace of mind, and one of the most important is faith, which cannot be acquired without prayer.;John Wooden;peace
Parents are not interested in justice, they're interested in peace and quiet.;Bill Cosby;peace
We call that person who has lost his father, an orphan and a widower that man who has lost his wife. But that man who has known the immense unhappiness of losing a friend, by what name do we call him? Here every language is silent and holds its peace in impotence.;Joseph Roux;peace
Never be in a hurry do everything quietly and in a calm spirit. Do not lose your inner peace for anything whatsoever, even if your whole world seems upset.;Saint Francis de Sales;peace
Whatever we are waiting for - peace of mind, contentment, grace, the inner awareness of simple abundance - it will surely come to us, but only when we are ready to receive it with an open and grateful heart.;Sarah Ban Breathnach;peace
I am at peace with God. My conflict is with Man.;Charlie Chaplin;peace
I am just absolutely convinced that the best formula for giving us peace and preserving the American way of life is freedom, limited government, and minding our own business overseas.;Ron Paul;peace
Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined.;Johnny Carson;peace
Compassion is sometimes the fatal capacity for feeling what it is like to live inside somebody else's skin. It is the knowledge that there can never really be any peace and joy for me until there is peace and joy finally for you too.;Frederick Buechner;peace
If there is to be any peace it will come through being, not having.;Henry Miller;peace
Courageous people do not fear forgiving, for the sake of peace.;Nelson Mandela;peace
Let love flow so that it cleanses the world. Then man can live in peace, instead of the state of turmoil he has created through his past ways of life, with all those material interests and earthly ambitions.;Sai Baba;peace
Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love.;Francis of Assisi;peace
Wars are, of course, as a rule to be avoided but they are far better than certain kinds of peace.;Theodore Roosevelt;peace
There will be no lasting peace either in the heart of individuals or in social customs until death is outlawed.;Albert Camus;peace
If there is not the war, you don't get the great general if there is not a great occasion, you don't get a great statesman if Lincoln had lived in a time of peace, no one would have known his name.;Theodore Roosevelt;peace
You can have peace. Or you can have freedom. Don't ever count on having both at once.;Robert A. Heinlein;peace
While you are proclaiming peace with your lips, be careful to have it even more fully in your heart.;Francis of Assisi;peace
Give a child love, laughter and peace, not AIDS.;Nelson Mandela;peace
A musician must make music, an artist must paint, a poet must write, if he is to be ultimately at peace with himself.;Abraham Maslow;peace
Intervention only works when the people concerned seem to be keen for peace.;Nelson Mandela;peace
There are many people who feel that it is useless and futile to continue talking about peace and non-violence against a government whose only reply is savage attacks on an unarmed and defenceless people.;Nelson Mandela;peace
He is happiest, be he king or peasant, who finds peace in his home.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;peace
Germany has reduced savagery to a science, and this great war for the victorious peace of justice must go on until the German cancer is cut clean out of the world body.;Theodore Roosevelt;peace
Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.;Melody Beattie;peace
Dear Lord we beg but one boon more: Peace in the hearts of all men living, peace in the whole world this Thanksgiving.;Joseph Auslander;peace
Peace if possible, truth at all costs.;Martin Luther;peace
In peace, sons bury their fathers. In war, fathers bury their sons.;Herodotus;peace
We are not at peace with others because we are not at peace with ourselves, and we are not at peace with ourselves because we are not at peace with God.;Thomas Merton;peace
Success in its highest and noblest form calls for peace of mind and enjoyment and happiness which come only to the man who has found the work that he likes best.;Napoleon Hill;peace
Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.;John Wooden;peace
The meaning of peace is the absence of opposition to socialism.;Karl Marx;peace
There was a time in my life when I thought I had everything - millions of dollars, mansions, cars, nice clothes, beautiful women, and every other materialistic thing you can imagine. Now I struggle for peace.;Richard Pryor;peace
I took a speed-reading course and read War and Peace in twenty minutes. It involves Russia.;Woody Allen;peace
The life of inner peace, being harmonious and without stress, is the easiest type of existence.;Norman Vincent Peale;peace
The Bush Administration's failure to be consistently involved in helping Israel achieve peace with the Palestinians has been both wrong for our friendship with Israel, as well as badly damaging to our standing in the Arab world.;Barack Obama;peace
You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.;Malcolm X;peace
The happiness and peace attained by those satisfied by the nectar of spiritual tranquillity is not attained by greedy persons restlessly moving here and there.;Chanakya;peace
I simply can't build my hopes on a foundation of confusion, misery and death... I think... peace and tranquillity will return again.;Anne Frank;peace
Peace demands the most heroic labor and the most difficult sacrifice. It demands greater heroism than war. It demands greater fidelity to the truth and a much more perfect purity of conscience.;Thomas Merton;peace
Peace is not a relationship of nations. It is a condition of mind brought about by a serenity of soul. Peace is not merely the absence of war. It is also a state of mind. Lasting peace can come only to peaceful people.;Jawaharlal Nehru;peace
My decision to end my marriage was such a risk to lose ratings and lose my fan base. I had to take that risk for my inner peace and to be happy with myself.;Kim Kardashian;peace
We must all make peace so that we can all live in peace.;Jean-Bertrand Aristide;peace
If I am elected President of these United States, I will work with all my energy and soul to restore that America, to lift our eyes to a better future. That future is our destiny. That future is out there. It is waiting for us. Our children deserve it, our nation depends upon it, the peace and freedom of the world require it.;Mitt Romney;peace
Money cannot buy peace of mind. It cannot heal ruptured relationships, or build meaning into a life that has none.;Richard M. DeVos;peace
Our souls may lose their peace and even disturb other people's, if we are always criticizing trivial actions - which often are not real defects at all, but we construe them wrongly through our ignorance of their motives.;Saint Teresa of Avila;peace
Peace is more important than all justice and peace was not made for the sake of justice, but justice for the sake of peace.;Martin Luther;peace
First keep peace with yourself, then you can also bring peace to others.;Thomas a Kempis;peace
On all the peaks lies peace.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;peace
Piety is not a goal but a means to attain through the purest peace of mind the highest culture.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;peace
When I am able to resist the temptation to judge others, I can see them as teachers of forgiveness in my life, reminding me that I can only have peace of mind when I forgive rather than judge.;Gerald Jampolsky;peace
It is understanding that gives us an ability to have peace. When we understand the other fellow's viewpoint, and he understands ours, then we can sit down and work out our differences.;Harry S. Truman;peace
Islam teaches tolerance, not hatred universal brotherhood, not enmity peace, and not violence.;Pervez Musharraf;peace
I like to believe that people in the long run are going to do more to promote peace than our governments. Indeed, I think that people want peace so much that one of these days governments had better get out of the way and let them have it.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;peace
Dedicate yourself to the good you deserve and desire for yourself. Give yourself peace of mind. You deserve to be happy. You deserve delight.;Hannah Arendt;peace
There is no such thing as inner peace. There is only nervousness or death. Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behavior.;Fran Lebowitz;peace
The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.;Norman Schwarzkopf;peace
Some men know that a light touch of the tongue, running from a woman's toes to her ears, lingering in the softest way possible in various places in between, given often enough and sincerely enough, would add immeasurably to world peace.;Marianne Williamson;peace
There can never be peace between nations until there is first known that true peace which is within the souls of men.;Black Elk;peace
Be good, keep your feet dry, your eyes open, your heart at peace and your soul in the joy of Christ.;Thomas Merton;peace
There are no contests in the Art of Peace. A true warrior is invincible because he or she contests with nothing. Defeat means to defeat the mind of contention that we harbor within.;Morihei Ueshiba;peace
War should be the only study of a prince. He should consider peace only as a breathing-time, which gives him leisure to contrive, and furnishes as ability to execute, military plans.;Niccolo Machiavelli;peace
Inner peace can be reached only when we practice forgiveness. Forgiveness is letting go of the past, and is therefore the means for correcting our misperceptions.;Gerald Jampolsky;peace
Our most important task is to transform our consciousness so that violence is no longer an option for us in our personal lives, that understanding that a world of peace is possible only if we relate to each other as peaceful beings, one individual at a time.;Deepak Chopra;peace
A crust eaten in peace is better than a banquet partaken in anxiety.;Aesop;peace
I never come back home with the same moral character I went out with something or other becomes unsettled where I had achieved internal peace some one or other of the things I had put to flight reappears on the scene.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;peace
The basic problem with my love relationships with women is that my standards are so high - and they apply equally to both of us. I seek full-blast mutual intensity, fully fledged mutual acceptance, full-blown mutual flourishing, and fully felt peace and joy with each other. This requires a level of physical attraction, personal adoration, and moral admiration that is hard to find.;Cornel West;peace
Peace is the virtue of civilization. War is its crime.;Victor Hugo;peace
If virtue promises happiness, prosperity and peace, then progress in virtue is progress in each of these for to whatever point the perfection of anything brings us, progress is always an approach toward it.;Epictetus;peace
There really can be no peace without justice. There can be no justice without truth. And there can be no truth, unless someone rises up to tell you the truth.;Louis Farrakhan;peace
Until he extends his circle of compassion to include all living things, man will not himself find peace.;Albert Schweitzer;peace
We look forward to the time when the Power of Love will replace the Love of Power. Then will our world know the blessings of peace.;William E. Gladstone;peace
Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;peace
I am poor and naked, but I am the chief of the nation. We do not want riches but we do want to train our children right. Riches would do us no good. We could not take them with us to the other world. We do not want riches. We want peace and love.;Red Cloud;peace
We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;peace
If you want peace, you don't talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies.;Desmond Tutu;peace
America is a Nation with a mission - and that mission comes from our most basic beliefs. We have no desire to dominate, no ambitions of empire. Our aim is a democratic peace - a peace founded upon the dignity and rights of every man and woman.;George W. Bush;peace
Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants. We know more about war that we know about peace, more about killing that we know about living.;Omar N. Bradley;peace
Character... is a habit, the daily choice of right over wrong it is a moral quality which grows to maturity in peace and is not suddenly developed on the outbreak of war.;Charles Wilson;peace
Egypt has been a partner of the United States over the last 30 years, has been instrumental in keeping the peace in the Middle East between Egypt and Israel, which is a critical accomplishment that has meant so much to so many people.;Hillary Clinton;peace
The need for peace in Northern Ireland goes well beyond political stability. It now speaks to regional Europe and even global stability.;Hillary Clinton;peace
We will stand up for our friends in the world. And one of the most important friends is the State of Israel. My administration will be steadfast in support Israel against terrorism and violence, and in seeking the peace for which all Israelis pray.;George W. Bush;peace
If in our daily life we can smile, if we can be peaceful and happy, not only we, but everyone will profit from it. This is the most basic kind of peace work.;Nhat Hanh;peace
Love has its place, as does hate. Peace has its place, as does war. Mercy has its place, as do cruelty and revenge.;Meir Kahane;peace
An election is coming. Universal peace is declared, and the foxes have a sincere interest in prolonging the lives of the poultry.;George Eliot;peace
You can't make war in the Middle East without Egypt and you can't make peace without Syria.;Henry A. Kissinger;peace
You may either win your peace or buy it: win it, by resistance to evil buy it, by compromise with evil.;John Ruskin;peace
War may sometimes be a necessary evil. But no matter how necessary, it is always an evil, never a good. We will not learn how to live together in peace by killing each other's children.;Jimmy Carter;peace
Fill you mind with the meaningless stimuli of a world preoccupied with meaningless things, and it will not be easy to feel peace in your heart.;Marianne Williamson;peace
Establishing lasting peace is the work of education all politics can do is keep us out of war.;Maria Montessori;peace
In a World where people are surrounded by darkness, ignorance and fear, it is a sign of hope to be celebrating Islam's message of peace and light, and the last great Messenger, born and chosen to deliver them to all mankind.;Cat Stevens;peace
An unjust peace is better than a just war.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;peace
The purpose of all wars, is peace.;Saint Augustine;peace
