Feminism is doomed to failure because it is based on an attempt to repeal and restructure human nature.;Phyllis Schlafly;failure
The only reason my work seems to be eclectic up to a certain period is because I was a failure as an actor.;Hugh Grant;failure
Foreign aid is neither a failure nor a panacea. It is, instead, an important tool of American policy that can serve the interests of the United States and the world if wisely administered.;Lee H. Hamilton;failure
I have never described the time I was in Doctor Who as anything except a kind of ecstatic success, but all the rest has been rather a muddle and a disappointment. Compared to Doctor Who, it has been an outrageous failure really - it's so boring.;Tom Baker;failure
I'd like to see much more understanding of emotional issues around hurt, abandonment, disappointment, longing, failure and shame, where they stem from and how they drive people and policies brought into public discourse.;Susie Orbach;failure
I met Ashley two weeks before I married him. It was a joke-the most ridiculous thing I've ever done. Once I was married, I didn't want to be a failure, so I stuck it out for six months, which was about six months too long.;Shannen Doherty;failure
Their lives have been largely defined by failure and you would think the prospect of marriage, which is supposed to be bountiful and hopeful, it's just really another kind of tangential thing in his life.;Thomas Haden Church;failure
But all actors go through the process, it's hit and miss, you have achievement and failure.;Thomas Haden Church;failure
Some of the reasons John McCain lost in 2008 were his lackluster campaign, his refusal to showcase Obama's extreme liberalism and, thus, his failure to demonstrate why he would make a better president than Obama.;David Limbaugh;failure
So I try not to have any actual expectations for myself for any level of success or failure.;Gavin DeGraw;failure
A Failure in this Duty did once involve our Nation in all the Horrors of Rebellion and Civil War.;Charles Inglis;failure
Students rarely disappoint teachers who assure them in advance that they are doomed to failure.;Sidney Hook;failure
Success is a public affair. Failure is a private funeral.;Rosalind Russell;failure
Washington, D.C. is what is broken, not the immigration policies. We have good laws. We have people suffer every day because of government's failure to enforce the law and be respectful to the process we have. We have a pathway to citizenship already in place.;Russell Pearce;failure
The one phrase you can use is that success has a thousand fathers, and failure is an orphan.;Alan Price;failure
One of the biggest problems with the modern feminist movement is its failure to bring men along with us.;Tammy Bruce;failure
You can't be afraid of failure and you can't be afraid of success, because either one gets in the way of your work.;Dave Van Ronk;failure
So the poet, who wants to be something that he cannot be, and is a failure in plain life, makes up fictitious versions of his predicament that are interesting even to other persons because nobody is a perfect automobile salesman.;Allen Tate;failure
We have actually experienced in recent months a dramatic demonstration of an unprecedented intelligence failure, perhaps the most significant intelligence failure in the history of the United States.;Zbigniew Brzezinski;failure
I think that failure by your own standards is certainly a form of success.;Bonnie Hunt;failure
Before this government came to power, many failing schools were simply allowed to drift on in a pattern of continuing failure. The government is determined to break that pattern and is successfully doing so.;Estelle Morris;failure
I saw why people died and how they died. I saw gunshot wounds and liver failure. It was a good learning experience, so I came regularly on weekends and holidays.;Michael Baden;failure
The pressures are intense, because the rewards for success and the penalty for failure are more and more.;Alan Hansen;failure
My failure, during the first five or six years of my art training, to get set in the right direction, and the disappointment which it caused me, drove me the more persistently into writing as an alternative.;Laurence Housman;failure
I've had great success and I've had catastrophic failure. It's really how you handle the rough stuff that defines you, I think.;Peter Berg;failure
Failure to properly control our borders costs citizens in many ways: schools become overcrowded, medical resources are stretched too thin, other government services are overtaxed, and taxes increase further.;Zach Wamp;failure
Failure and things of this sort - you can take it one of two ways. You can either let that hurt you and really affect the way that you live your life in the future, or you can use that as an opportunity for growth.;Matt Emmons;failure
What we have most to fear is failure of the heart.;Sonia Johnson;failure
Nothing succeeds, they say, like success. And certainly nothing fails like failure.;Margaret Drabble;failure
War, except in self-defense, is a failure of moral imagination.;Bill Moyers;failure
I think there's something quite interesting about the almost tragic quality of a lot of overwrought prose, because it has a much more self-conscious awareness of its own failure to touch the real.;China Mieville;failure
I don't know many people, if any, who have had some straight line toward success. I mean, they start here, they work hard, they've got what it takes, and they just go straight to the top over some number of years. Most people get a little failure.;Sam Donaldson;failure
Pharmaceutical companies are enjoying unprecedented profits and access with this Administration. Yet the Republicans' prescription drug plan for seniors has been a colossal failure, and over 43 million Americans wake up every morning without health insurance.;Jim Clyburn;failure
The reason was the failure of both Japan and China to understand each other and the inability of America and the European powers to sympathize, without prejudice, with the peoples of East Asia.;Hideki Tojo;failure
There's no such thing as failure - just waiting for success.;John Osborne;failure
The carrying out of the Potsdam Agreement has, however, been obstructed by the failure of the Allied Control Council to take the necessary steps to enable the German economy to function as an economic unit.;James F. Byrnes;failure
Our system provides for a winner to take office on January 20th, and he is expected to take command of the ship of state. Failure to do so, characterized by hesitation and indecision, will harm the national interest.;Richard V. Allen;failure
We go there with confidence, but we know there is a very fine line between success and failure in this game.;Alan Shearer;failure
The moral turpitude of the boys of today appears to center in their failure to concentrate on any particular objective long enough to obtain their maximum results.;Major Taylor;failure
War is failure of diplomacy.;John Dingell;failure
If we do not get No Child Left Behind right for Limited English Proficient students, the law will be a failure for most schools in the 15th Congressional District, and for many across the nation.;Ruben Hinojosa;failure
Failure is what we're all running from, we're always running toward success with failure at our back.;Natalie Goldberg;failure
I feel that 'The Great Failure' is really a book written out of great love and a willingness to face all of who a human being is.;Natalie Goldberg;failure
The rise of China as a new power is another great challenge for the US. Our failure to properly handle Germany and Japan earlier in the 20th century cost us and the world dearly. We must not make this same mistake with China.;Steve Forbes;failure
Our failure to properly deal with Germany and Japan early cost the world dearly later on. We dare not make the same mistake with China.;Steve Forbes;failure
I was brought up to believe that there is no such thing as failure as long as I'm trying my best. So I've had a 'blood, guts and glory' approach through my whole life.;Ali Larter;failure
Well, I think first of all there was a failure to have real, clear information at our disposal. There was a real lack of situational awareness. We didn't have the capabilities on the ground to give us real-time, accurate assessments of the physical condition of the city.;Michael Chertoff;failure
My big philosophy is: Try and work with good people, because the process is your life. That's going to be really, really hard. I'm glad I learned the lesson, 'Failure is OK.';Dana Fox;failure
I wish I had been more prepared, both for success and for failure, when I was younger.;Molly Ringwald;failure
You can be discouraged by failure, or you can learn from it. So go ahead and make mistakes, make all you can. Because, remember that's where you'll find success - on the far side of failure.;Thomas John Watson, Sr.;failure
But if you look at WorldCom, which is the biggest failure to date, they grew dramatically, they were buying companies that were bigger than they were and they were doing it off inflated stock.;Don Nickles;failure
There comes a point in your moviegoing life where you look at the screen and then you look at the world and you ask, 'What is going on?' You want the movies to show you the chaos and mess and risk and failure that are normal for a lot of us. Generally, the movies hide all of that.;Wesley Morris;failure
Jobs for every American is doomed to failure because of modern automation and production. We ought to recognize it and create an income-maintenance system so every single American has the dignity and the wherewithal for shelter, basic food, and medical care. I'm talking about welfare for all. Without it, you're going to have warfare for all.;Jerry Brown;failure
To begin to think with purpose, is to enter the ranks of those strong ones who only recognize failure as one of the pathways to attainment.;James Lane Allen;failure
I think somehow you need to get to a certain point in your life where the notion of failure is absurd.;Jeff Tweedy;failure
Don't come home a failure.;Ty Cobb;failure
The greatest failure is that although we have created institutions, we have not created a civil society.;Paddy Ashdown;failure
I've become a professional failure - in order to pay the mortgage I have to remain unemployed. Luckily, a disaster always seems to befall me at exactly the right moment.;Toby Young;failure
America thinks of itself as a meritocracy, so people have more respect for success and more contempt for failure.;Toby Young;failure
In Britain, by contrast, we still think that class plays a part in determining a person's life chances, so we're less inclined to celebrate success and less inclined to condemn failure. The upshot is that it's much easier to be a failure in Britain than it is in America.;Toby Young;failure
Critics? Don't talk to me of critics! You think some jackanapes journalist, his soul eaten away by the maggots of jealousy and failure, has anything worthwhile to say of art? I don't.;Jonathan Raban;failure
Success is always less funny than failure.;Jon Ronson;failure
Most employees want to be involved in a successful business and most employees are happy for people running successful businesses to be paid a reasonable wage and a market rate for it, provided they understand the reason. What they hate most of all is pay for failure.;Stuart Rose;failure
His advice to me is basically to just love what you do and don't let the fear of failure stop you.;Oliver Hudson;failure
The hippy movement was a failure.;Joe Strummer;failure
Acting allows me the freedom to let go, to be in the moment, to be spontaneous. I no longer have the fear of losing, of failure.;Cathy Rigby;failure
There was a failure to recognize the deep problems in AI for instance, those captured in Blocks World. The people building physical robots learned nothing.;Marvin Minsky;failure
Twenty million more have Chronic Kidney Disease, where patients experience a gradual deterioration of kidney function, the end result of which is kidney failure.;Xavier Becerra;failure
I've always embraced failure as a noble pursuit. It allows you to be anti whatever anyone wants you to be, and to break all the rules.;Malcolm Mclaren;failure
Art school had taught me it was far better to be a flamboyant failure than any kind of benign success.;Malcolm Mclaren;failure
What matters is this: Being fearless of failure arms you to break the rules. In doing so, you may change the culture and just possibly, for a moment, change life itself.;Malcolm Mclaren;failure
Everyone should be commended for allowing people to make disasters, to make failures - you've just got to be sure that it's a magnificent failure and that, by creating a magnificent failure, you plant the seed.;Malcolm Mclaren;failure
It is Basic Management 101 that if you reward failure you are going to get more failure, and if you want success you should reward success. But if you look at the way this administration has approached national security, they have kind of got that principle backwards.;Chris Van Hollen;failure
The failure of the United Nations - My failure is maybe, in retrospective, that I was not enough aggressive with the members of the Security Council.;Boutros Boutros-Ghali;failure
I - and I still consider myself, I'm sorry to tell you, a Marxist and a Communist, but I couldn't help noticing how all the best Marxist analyses are always analyses of a failure.;Slavoj Zizek;failure
Is the proposed operation likely to succeed? What might the consequences of failure? Is it in the realm of practicability in terms of material and supplies?;Chester W. Nimitz;failure
My work ethic came from my parents and my fear of failure. I came from a small, predominantly black school and I didn't want to let them down.;Jerry Rice;failure
I think he Oswald felt he was a failure and for the United States and for President Kennedy and all of us. He knew he was a failure at everything he tried, frustrated, with a very sad life, but he was a Marxist.;John Sherman Cooper;failure
If you're a doctor or a lawyer or teacher, if you only get three things right out of 10, you're considered a failure.;Jamie Moyer;failure
A film's success or failure is strictly on the director's shoulders.;Robin Tunney;failure
Other countries, such as Israel, successfully employ behavior detection techniques at their airports, but the bloated, ineffective bureaucracy of TSA has produced another security failure for U.S. transportation systems.;John Mica;failure
Failure is nature's plan to prepare you for great responsibilities.;Napolean Hill;failure
This attempt to isolate cell constituents might have been a failure if they had been destroyed by the relative brutality of the technique employed. But this did not happen.;Albert Claude;failure
Having in my life been bitten by the jaws of both victory and defeat, I must rush to add that success is to failure as butter pecan ice cream is to death.;Rupert Holmes;failure
But thankfully, my first album, 'Wide Screen,' was sort of a critics' darling - everyone raved about it, but no one bought it. They only manufactured 10,000 copies I wasn't even in the running for failure!;Rupert Holmes;failure
It must not be forgotten in fairness to the National Government that apartheid is not just a policy of oppression but an attempt - in my opinion an attempt doomed to failure - to find an alternative to a policy of racial integration which is fair to both white and black.;Harry Oppenheimer;failure
Catastrophes are often stimulated by the failure to feel the emergence of a domain, and so what cannot be felt in the imagination is experienced as embodied sensation in the catastrophe.;William Irwin Thompson;failure
America's most dangerous diseases have developed an immunity to politics. We suffer not from a failure of political organization or power, but a failure of love.;Cal Thomas;failure
Failure's not a bad thing. It builds character. It makes you stronger.;Billy Dee Williams;failure
A love of nature is a consolation against failure.;Berthe Morisot;failure
With improvisation, I just do it. It might be a total failure but then you just throw the dice again.;Christian Marclay;failure
It has always felt like a failure that Bjorn and I couldn't keep our family together. You never get it back, but to this day I don't regret splitting up. The reason behind our separation is one of those things I definitely don't want to go into!;Agnetha Faltskog;failure
I made a very conscious effort to finish 'The Cypress House' before 'So Cold the River' launched, because I thought that would help build a buffer between my writing and any impact that came from either the success or the failure of that first book.;Michael Koryta;failure
The failure of women to have reached positions of leadership has been due in large part to social and professional discrimination.;Rosalyn S. Yalow;failure
The failure of Socialism since 1945 is that whilst encouraging us all, the creators of wealth, to produce less through strikes, it has caused us all to demand a higher level of our own product.;Brian Harris;failure
By virtually any measure, the record of the Republican Majority is an appalling failure.;Sheila Jackson Lee;failure
Directly after the show people might have responded better to it, but who really knows. It did what it did and while it seems like a failure to most but it was a success for me and has given me so many opportunities.;Justin Guarini;failure
Everybody keeps saying that India's a poor country. Yes, we have poverty. But I blame the government of India, the political establishment, for their failure to educate and therefore their failure to control the poverty.;Vijay Mallya;failure
Failure is good. It's fertilizer. Everything I've learned about coaching, I've learned from making mistakes.;Rick Pitino;failure
