Day, n. A period of twenty-four hours, mostly misspent.;Ambrose Bierce;time
The time I kill is killing me.;Mason Cooley;time
Time moves in one direction, memory in another.;William Gibson;time
Know how to live the time that is given you.;Dario Fo;time
Finding some quiet time in your life, I think, is hugely important.;Mariel Hemingway;time
Hide nothing, for time, which sees all and hears all, exposes all.;Sophocles;time
Much may be done in those little shreds and patches of time which every day produces, and which most men throw away.;Charles Caleb Colton;time
By the time we've made it, we've had it.;Malcolm Forbes;time
You must have been warned against letting the golden hours slip by but some of them are golden only because we let them slip by.;James M. Barrie;time
Time is the longest distance between two places.;Tennessee Williams;time
Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them.;Dion Boucicault;time
Wisdom is the power to put our time and our knowledge to the proper use.;Thomas J. Watson;time
Time brings all things to pass.;Aeschylus;time
But time growing old teaches all things.;Aeschylus;time
So during those first moments of the day, which are yours and yours alone, you can circumvent these boundaries and concentrate fully on spiritual matters. And this gives you the opportunity to plan the time management of the entire day.;Menachem Mendel Schneerson;time
Work is hard. Distractions are plentiful. And time is short.;Adam Hochschild;time
Time, whose tooth gnaws away everything else, is powerless against truth.;Thomas Huxley;time
I want to go ahead of Father Time with a scythe of my own.;H. G. Wells;time
Lose not yourself in a far off time, seize the moment that is thine.;Friedrich Schiller;time
Old age and the passage of time teach all things.;Sophocles;time
Time has a way of demonstrating that the most stubborn are the most intelligent.;Yevgeny Yevtushenko;time
The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be.;Paul Valery;time
Both young children and old people have a lot of time on their hands. That's probably why they get along so well.;Jonathan Carroll;time
Time does not change us. It just unfolds us.;Max Frisch;time
People who cannot find time for recreation are obliged sooner or later to find time for illness.;John Wanamaker;time
Time makes heroes but dissolves celebrities.;Daniel J. Boorstin;time
My time is now.;John Turner;time
Lost wealth may be replaced by industry, lost knowledge by study, lost health by temperance or medicine, but lost time is gone forever.;Samuel Smiles;time
I confess, I do not believe in time.;Vladimir Nabokov;time
Well-timed silence is the most commanding expression.;Mark Helprin;time
And when is there time to remember, to sift, to weigh, to estimate, to total?;Tillie Olsen;time
Time is the wisest counselor of all.;Pericles;time
Time is the father of truth, its mother is our mind.;Giordano Bruno;time
Time goes, you say? Ah, no! alas, time stays, we go.;Henry Austin Dobson;time
I took some time out for life.;James L. Brooks;time
Time is the school in which we learn, time is the fire in which we burn.;Delmore Schwartz;time
When in doubt, take more time.;John Zimmerman;time
Time is a beautiful thing. It's like when you meet an old lover on the street six years later and they don't look so ugly anymore.;Sarah McLachlan;time
The best way to fill time is to waste it.;Marguerite Duras;time
The clock talked loud. I threw it away, it scared me what it talked.;Tillie Olsen;time
There's time enough, but none to spare.;Charles W. Chesnutt;time
Time was God's first creation.;Walter Lang;time
O sweet, delusive Noon, Which the morning climbs to find, O moment sped too soon, And morning left behind.;Helen Hunt Jackson;time
The present is a point just passed.;David Russell;time
Time is a dressmaker specializing in alterations.;Faith Baldwin;time
In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.;Albert Schweitzer;time
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.;Thomas A. Edison;time
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.;Steve Jobs;time
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar.;Robert Brault;time
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.;Charles Darwin;time
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.;Abraham Lincoln;time
We must reject the idea that every time a law's broken, society is guilty rather than the lawbreaker. It is time to restore the American precept that each individual is accountable for his actions.;Ronald Reagan;time
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.;Barack Obama;time
The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.;Thomas Jefferson;time
Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy.;Aristotle;time
Christmas is not a time nor a season, but a state of mind. To cherish peace and goodwill, to be plenteous in mercy, is to have the real spirit of Christmas.;Calvin Coolidge;time
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now.;Denis Waitley;time
When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time.;Maya Angelou;time
Time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is eternity.;Henry Van Dyke;time
All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players: they have their exits and their entrances and one man in his time plays many parts, his acts being seven ages.;William Shakespeare;time
The time is always right to do what is right.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;time
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.;Mark Twain;time
We shall not cease from exploration, and the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time.;T. S. Eliot;time
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.;Mark Twain;time
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.;Confucius;time
Children begin by loving their parents after a time they judge them rarely, if ever, do they forgive them.;Oscar Wilde;time
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored.;Earl Nightingale;time
Experience hath shewn, that even under the best forms of government those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it into tyranny.;Thomas Jefferson;time
The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once.;Albert Einstein;time
It is wonderful how much time good people spend fighting the devil. If they would only expend the same amount of energy loving their fellow men, the devil would die in his own tracks of ennui.;Helen Keller;time
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.;Bruce Lee;time
That old law about 'an eye for an eye' leaves everybody blind. The time is always right to do the right thing.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;time
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.;Oscar Wilde;time
Never cut a tree down in the wintertime. Never make a negative decision in the low time. Never make your most important decisions when you are in your worst moods. Wait. Be patient. The storm will pass. The spring will come.;Robert H. Schuller;time
You build on failure. You use it as a stepping stone. Close the door on the past. You don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it. You don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space.;Johnny Cash;time
I think and think for months and years. Ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right.;Albert Einstein;time
We must use time creatively.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;time
There comes a time when the mind takes a higher plane of knowledge but can never prove how it got there.;Albert Einstein;time
Time is what prevents everything from happening at once.;Albert Einstein;time
In a time of universal deceit - telling the truth is a revolutionary act.;George Orwell;time
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.;Henry Ford;time
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.;Mark Twain;time
If you have an important point to make, don't try to be subtle or clever. Use a pile driver. Hit the point once. Then come back and hit it again. Then hit it a third time - a tremendous whack.;Winston Churchill;time
There is no better than adversity. Every defeat, every heartbreak, every loss, contains its own seed, its own lesson on how to improve your performance the next time.;Malcolm X;time
If patience is worth anything, it must endure to the end of time. And a living faith will last in the midst of the blackest storm.;Mahatma Gandhi;time
My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth.;Abraham Lincoln;time
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing.;Thomas Jefferson;time
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.;John Lennon;time
If we listened to our intellect, we'd never have a love affair. We'd never have a friendship. We'd never go into business, because we'd be cynical. Well, that's nonsense. You've got to jump off cliffs all the time and build your wings on the way down.;Ray Bradbury;time
Life is like dancing. If we have a big floor, many people will dance. Some will get angry when the rhythm changes. But life is changing all the time.;Miguel Angel Ruiz;time
Some people see things that are and ask, Why? Some people dream of things that never were and ask, Why not? Some people have to go to work and don't have time for all that.;George Carlin;time
An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools.;Ernest Hemingway;time
Future. That period of time in which our affairs prosper, our friends are true and our happiness is assured.;Ambrose Bierce;time
The very existence of flame-throwers proves that some time, somewhere, someone said to themselves, You know, I want to set those people over there on fire, but I'm just not close enough to get the job done.;George Carlin;time
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;time
It is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength.;Maya Angelou;time
All things are subject to interpretation whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth.;Friedrich Nietzsche;time
I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles but today it means getting along with people.;Mahatma Gandhi;time
The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby.;Natalie Wood;time
