Democracy is the form of government that gives every man the right to be his own oppressor.;James Russell Lowell;government
A pure democracy is a society consisting of a small number of citizens, who assemble and administer the government in person.;James Madison;government
There are no adequate substitutes for father, mother, and children bound together in a loving commitment to nurture and protect. No government, no matter how well-intentioned, can take the place of the family in the scheme of things.;Gerald R. Ford;government
Our founders got it right when they wrote in the Declaration of Independence that our rights come from nature and nature's God, not from government.;Paul Ryan;government
Left-wing politicians take away your liberty in the name of children and of fighting poverty, while right-wing politicians do it in the name of family values and fighting drugs. Either way, government gets bigger and you become less free.;Harry Browne;government
Well, first of all, I think that a lot of the voters who are voting for the tea party candidates have really good impulses. That is, they believe that for years and years and years, the people with wealth and power or government power have done well and ordinary people have not. That's true.;William J. Clinton;government
No government ought to be without censors and where the press is free, no one ever will. Chance is the pseudonym of God when he did not want to sign.;Anatole France;government
Folks, the most insidious part of this whole health care scheme is that all of these vast medical expenditures will become nothing more than government budget items. We individuals will no longer exist. The relationship between a government and citizen will change forever.;Rush Limbaugh;government
And gradually they're beginning to recognize the fact that there's nothing more secure than a democratic, accountable, and participatory form of government. But it's sunk in only theoretically, it has not yet sunk in completely in practical terms.;Wole Soyinka;government
No government fights fascism to destroy it. When the bourgeoisie sees that power is slipping out of its hands, it brings up fascism to hold onto their privileges.;Buenaventura Durruti;government
There are no necessary evils in government. Its evils exist only in its abuses.;Andrew Jackson;government
If Liberia has failed, then, it is no evidence of the failure of the Negro in government. It is merely evidence of the failure of slavery.;Carter G. Woodson;government
For most Americans, Friday afternoons are filled with positive anticipation of the weekend. In Washington, it's where government officials dump stories they want to bury. Good news gets dropped on Monday so bureaucrats can talk about it all week.;John Sununu;government
The rights of persons, and the rights of property, are the objects, for the protection of which Government was instituted.;James Madison;government
Sure there are dishonest men in local government. But there are dishonest men in national government too.;Richard M. Nixon;government
Obama is trying to paint us as a caricature, as if we're some bizarre individualists who are hardcore libertarians. It's a false dichotomy and intellectually lazy. Of course we believe in government. We think government should do what it does really well, but that it has limits.;Paul Ryan;government
The people's government, made for the people, made by the people, and answerable to the people.;Daniel Webster;government
It would be foolish to suggest that government is a good custodian of aesthetic goals. But, there is no alternative to the state.;John Kenneth Galbraith;government
We believe, as our founders did, that 'the pursuit of happiness' depends upon individual liberty and individual liberty requires limited government.;Paul Ryan;government
Barack Obama's enemies are the people who make this country work. Barack Obama's enemies are those who succeed. Those are the people whose income he wants to redistribute. Those are the people whose income he wants to take, using the power and the force of the federal government to do it.;Rush Limbaugh;government
Religion flourishes in greater purity, without than with the aid of Government.;James Madison;government
So Indian policy has become institutionalized and the result has been that American people have become more dependent on government and that the American people have become more dependent on corporations.;Russell Means;government
Disbelief in magic can force a poor soul into believing in government and business.;Tom Robbins;government
Republicans and Democrats have used accounting gimmicks and competing government analyses to deceive the public into believing that 2 + 2 = 6. If our leaders cannot agree on the numbers, if 'facts' are fictional, how can they possibly have a substantive debate on solutions?;J. C. Watts;government
The Government of the absolute majority instead of the Government of the people is but the Government of the strongest interests and when not efficiently checked, it is the most tyrannical and oppressive that can be devised.;John C. Calhoun;government
And I keep saying, whether you like the president or not, everybody has to pull together and help the president because, as the president goes, so goes the country, as the country goes, so goes your job, your ability to feed your family, your government.;Michael Bloomberg;government
Convinced as I am and as I am from my government that the world needs a new moral architecture over all I believe that this should be the first topic to debate in our world of today, ethics, moral.;Hugo Chavez;government
A government for the people must depend for its success on the intelligence, the morality, the justice, and the interest of the people themselves.;Grover Cleveland;government
Indiscriminate firing by police on people is absolute barbarism. Instead of solving their problems, the government is trying to suppress the people by force.;Sheikh Hasina;government
Everything government touches turns to crap.;Ringo Starr;government
Our goal is to shrink government to the size where we can drown it in a bathtub.;Grover Norquist;government
I cannot consent that my mortal body shall be laid in a repository prepared for an Emperor or a King my republican feelings and principles forbid it the simplicity of our system of government forbids it.;Andrew Jackson;government
Honesty, integrity, and accountability, the values, which should be the hallmark of this government, have instead been thrown under the bus by an arrogant majority, casualties in a misguided campaign to shield from accountability those who abuse this House.;Louise Slaughter;government
Many people consider the things government does for them to be social progress but they regard the things government does for others as socialism.;Earl Warren;government
We should reject big government and look inside ourselves for all the things that built this country into what it was.;Glenn Beck;government
Maybe we can show government how to operate better as a result of better architecture. Eventually, I think Chicago will be the most beautiful great city left in the world.;Frank Lloyd Wright;government
It is just as important that business keep out of government as that government keep out of business.;Herbert Hoover;government
We need transparency in government spending. We need to put each government expenditure online so every Floridian can see where their tax money is being spent.;Marco Rubio;government
The control of information is something the elite always does, particularly in a despotic form of government. Information, knowledge, is power. If you can control information, you can control people.;Tom Clancy;government
People forget... that we structured it so that the government, or the people, would be repaid with a really good rate of return. And as it turns out, that aspect of TARP, that's what happened.;George W. Bush;government
As Americans, we don't see the role of government as guaranteeing outcomes, but allowing free men and women to flourish based on their own vision, their hard work and their personal responsibility.;Rick Perry;government
Political tyranny is nothing compared to the social tyranny and a reformer who defies society is a more courageous man than a politician who defies Government.;B. R. Ambedkar;government
The government is tottering. We must deal it the death blow an any cost. To delay action is the same as death.;Vladimir Lenin;government
I don't believe we need the government's help as much as some think we do. That belief sets me apart from the Democrats, since their way of dealing with everything is to tax and spend.;Jesse Ventura;government
The income tax is a twentieth-century socialist experiment that has failed. Before the income tax was imposed on us just 80 years ago, government had no claim to our income. Only sales, excise, and tariff taxes were allowed.;Alan Keyes;government
That's the definition of 'success' for the modern Democrat Party. As many people dependent on government as possible is the objective.;Rush Limbaugh;government
Since taking office, President Obama has signed into law spending increases of nearly 25 percent for domestic government agencies - an 84 percent increase when you include the failed stimulus. All of this new government spending was sold as 'investment.';Paul Ryan;government
Every country has the government it deserves.;Joseph de Maistre;government
Most Americans aren't the sort of citizens the Founding Fathers expected they are contented serfs. Far from being active critics of government, they assume that its might makes it right.;Joseph Sobran;government
Remember that government doesn't earn one single dollar it spends. In order for you to get money from the government, that money must first be taken from somebody else.;Jesse Ventura;government
There is a higher law than the law of government. That's the law of conscience.;Stokely Carmichael;government
You could afford your house without the government if it weren't for the government.;Rush Limbaugh;government
Liberal Democrats are inexorably opposed to tax cuts, because tax cuts give people more power, and take away from the role of government.;Rush Limbaugh;government
I want anyone who believes in life, liberty, pursuit of happiness to succeed. And I want any force, any person, any element of an overarching Big Government that would stop your success, I want that organization, that element or that person to fail. I want you to succeed.;Rush Limbaugh;government
Government stimulates the democrat party.;Rush Limbaugh;government
We are witnessing an enormous shift of collective consciousness throughout the world. We are at the precipice of great transformation within our culture and government.;Zachary Quinto;government
This is a government takeover of our healthcare system. It is the government basically running the entire healthcare system, turning large insurers into de facto public utilities, depriving people of choice, depriving people of options, raising people's prices, raising taxes when we need new jobs.;Paul Ryan;government
The liberals think government exists to fix what's wrong with America. They find fault with our Constitution, our economic model and our core values. We disagree with the premise of their argument. We believe there's nothing wrong with America that an extra dose of freedom won't cure.;Rick Perry;government
Every Indian outbreak that I have ever known has resulted from broken promises and broken treaties by the government.;Buffalo Bill;government
Freedom of expression - in particular, freedom of the press - guarantees popular participation in the decisions and actions of government, and popular participation is the essence of our democracy.;Corazon Aquino;government
The Federal Government should be the last resort, not the first. Ask if a potential program is truly a federal responsibility or whether it can better be handled privately, by voluntary organizations, or by local or state governments.;Donald Rumsfeld;government
If Bush, as I believe, has reliable information on the fact that Saddam Hussein is making weapons of mass destruction, I cannot not support the policies of his government.;Steven Spielberg;government
I think there are certain folks in Missouri that don't trust government. And they haven't trusted government for a long time.;Claire McCaskill;government
I mean, just because you're a musician doesn't mean all your ideas are about music. So every once in a while I get an idea about plumbing, I get an idea about city government, and they come the way they come.;Jerry Garcia;government
The most cogent reason for restricting the interference of government is the great evil of adding unnecessarily to its power.;John Stuart Mill;government
It is not an arrogant government that chooses priorities, it's an irresponsible government that fails to choose.;Tony Blair;government
You know, I have found a new way to get high and stay spaced out for hours on end, and the government can't stop me... It's called senility.;Robert Anton Wilson;government
But then it hasn't really been a focus of our government to make us an educated people.;Maynard James Keenan;government
Under the doctrine of separation of powers, the manner in which the president personally exercises his assigned executive powers is not subject to questioning by another branch of government.;Richard M. Nixon;government
I am concerned about the whole man. I am concerned about what the people, using their government as an instrument and a tool, can do toward building the whole man, which will mean a better society and a better world.;Lyndon B. Johnson;government
The lesson should be constantly enforced that though the people support the Government, Government should not support the people.;Grover Cleveland;government
Increased government spending can provide a temporary stimulus to demand and output but in the longer run higher levels of government spending crowd out private investment or require higher taxes that weaken growth by reducing incentives to save, invest, innovate, and work.;Martin Feldstein;government
I think if you look at people, whether in business or government, who haven't had any moral compass, who've just changed to say whatever they thought the popular thing was, in the end they're losers.;Michael Bloomberg;government
Many people around the President have sizeable egos before entering government, some with good reason. Their new positions will do little to moderate their egos.;Donald Rumsfeld;government
I happen to agree with many of the liberal emphasis on compassion, justice and equality. I just disagree that it's the government's role to provide everything.;Rick Warren;government
You know what the fastest growing religion in America is? Statism. The growing reliance on government.;Marco Rubio;government
Democracy is when the people keep a government in check.;Aung San Suu Kyi;government
Our government is founded upon the intelligence of the people. I for one do not despair of the republic. I have great confidence in the virtue of the great majority of the people, and I cannot fear the result.;Andrew Jackson;government
In the inner city, there's a mentality that the government owes you something. My breakthrough came when I stopped feeling sorry for myself and took responsibility for every part of my life. No more pity parties. I've gotta love me more than anybody else loves me.;Mary J. Blige;government
We believe that the government has an important role to create the conditions that promote entrepreneurship, upward mobility, and individual responsibility.;Paul Ryan;government
The belief that recipients of government aid are better off the more we spend on them is remarkably persistent. No matter how many times this central tenet of liberalism gets debunked, like Brett Favre, it just keeps coming back.;Paul Ryan;government
Activist government overreach and ongoing economic stagnation have shown us why Washington should not try to displace what is best left to civil society.;Paul Ryan;government
Experience teaches us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the government's purposes are beneficent.;Louis D. Brandeis;government
Peace as a goal is an ideal which will not be contested by any government or nation, not even the most belligerent.;Aung San Suu Kyi;government
I've got the greatest job in the world. There's no other job in government where cause and effect is so tightly coupled where you can make a difference every day in so many different ways and in so many different people's lives. It's a great challenge.;Michael Bloomberg;government
Every wise, just, and mild government, by rendering the condition of its subjects easy and secure, will always abound most in people, as well as in commodities and riches.;David Hume;government
Democracy is not so much a form of government as a set of principles.;Woodrow Wilson;government
I didn't do improv in college, I never performed, I didn't do theater either. I was in student government, I was a history major.;Demetri Martin;government
In the late 1990s, some of the worst terrorist atrocities in the world were what the Turkish government itself called state terror, namely massive atrocities, 80 percent of the arms coming from the United States, millions of refugees, tens of thousands of people killed, hideous repression, that's international terror, and we can go on and on.;Noam Chomsky;government
Government workers often get a bad rap, but it's rare for them to receive much appreciation when government works.;Matthew Lesko;government
The government's view is that the best time to announce bad news, news that it doesn't want the public to dwell on is late on a Friday, when it will wind up in the Saturday papers, which if you were readers, then the week day editions. A holiday weekend is even better.;Bob Schieffer;government
I believe we need to attract a new generation of the best and brightest to public service and I believe that government can be a source of inspiration, not degradation.;Andrew Cuomo;government
In a very weak economy, when you say 'cut government spending,' what you mean is you're laying off school teachers and you're de-funding various programs that put money into the economy. This means you have more unemployed people that then draw unemployment benefits and don't pay taxes.;Fareed Zakaria;government
So the American government lied to the Native Americans for many, many years, and then President Clinton lied about a relationship, and everyone was surprised! A little naive, I feel!;Eddie Izzard;government
I don't imagine Heads of Government would ever be able to say I'm not an economist therefore I can't take decisions on matters of the economy I'm not a soldier I can't take decisions on matters of defence I'm not an educationist so I can't take decisions about education.;Thabo Mbeki;government
We are all representatives of the American people. We all do town hall meetings. We all talk to our constituents. And I've got to tell you, the American people are engaged. And if you think they want a government takeover of health care, I would respectfully submit you're not listening to them.;Paul Ryan;government
We need to reclaim our American system of limited government, low taxes, reasonable regulations, and sound money, which has blessed us with unprecedented prosperity. And it has done more to help the poor than any other economic system ever designed.;Paul Ryan;government
Conventional wisdom on government's role in inequality often has it backwards. Tax reforms have resulted in a more progressive federal income tax government transfer payments have become less progressive.;Paul Ryan;government
President Obama's reckless defense cuts that are hanging over our cloud, hanging over the horizon could put almost 44,000 jobs at stake right here in Pennsylvania. we are not going to let that happen. You know why? Because No. 1, national defense is the first priority of the federal government.;Paul Ryan;government
