It is not likely that posterity will fall in love with us, but not impossible that it may respect or sympathize so a man would rather leave behind him the portrait of his spirit than a portrait of his face.;Robert Louis Stevenson;respect
To be completely woman you need a master, and in him a compass for your life. You need a man you can look up to and respect. If you dethrone him it's no wonder that you are discontented, and discontented women are not loved for long.;Marlene Dietrich;respect
In all our deeds, the proper value and respect for time determines success or failure.;Malcolm X;respect
Consult your friend on all things, especially on those which respect yourself. His counsel may then be useful where your own self-love might impair your judgment.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;respect
That's what people respect, the fact that I wasn't a chump that laid on his back and gave up.;Mike Tyson;respect
We abuse land because we regard it as a commodity belonging to us. When we see land as a community to which we belong, we may begin to use it with love and respect.;Aldo Leopold;respect
The advertisements in a newspaper are more full knowledge in respect to what is going on in a state or community than the editorial columns are.;Henry Ward Beecher;respect
With my wife I don't get no respect. I made a toast on her birthday to 'the best woman a man ever had.' The waiter joined me.;Rodney Dangerfield;respect
I write for those women who do not speak, for those who do not have a voice because they were so terrified, because we are taught to respect fear more than ourselves. We've been taught that silence would save us, but it won't.;Audre Lorde;respect
There can be no failure to a man who has not lost his courage, his character, his self respect, or his self-confidence. He is still a King.;Orison Swett Marden;respect
We learned about gratitude and humility - that so many people had a hand in our success, from the teachers who inspired us to the janitors who kept our school clean... and we were taught to value everyone's contribution and treat everyone with respect.;Michelle Obama;respect
Conservatism discards Prescription, shrinks from Principle, disavows Progress having rejected all respect for antiquity, it offers no redress for the present, and makes no preparation for the future.;Benjamin Disraeli;respect
I hate victims who respect their executioners.;Jean-Paul Sartre;respect
I'm kind of a good girl - and I'm not. I'm a good girl because I really believe in love, integrity, and respect. I'm a bad girl because I like to tease. I know that I have sex appeal in my deck of cards. But I like to get people thinking. That's what the stories in my music do.;Katy Perry;respect
Unless India stands up to the world, no one will respect us. In this world, fear has no place. Only strength respects strength.;Abdul Kalam;respect
There is no need to worry about mere size. We do not necessarily respect a fat man more than a thin man. Sir Isaac Newton was very much smaller than a hippopotamus, but we do not on that account value him less.;Bertrand Russell;respect
Respect the burden.;Napoleon Bonaparte;respect
Every individual has a place to fill in the world and is important in some respect whether he chooses to be so or not.;Nathaniel Hawthorne;respect
Thieves respect property. They merely wish the property to become their property that they may more perfectly respect it.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;respect
Against my will, in the course of my travels, the belief that everything worth knowing was known at Cambridge gradually wore off. In this respect my travels were very useful to me.;Bertrand Russell;respect
Find your self-respect now. Don't dumb yourselves down. Think of yourself as capable and worthy of finding a guy who is going to respect you, too. It's so important, I mean, and the confidence you get from feeling smart and tackling something like mathematics, which is a challenge, right? Math is hard.;Danica McKellar;respect
The federal government has sponsored research that has produced a tomato that is perfect in every respect, except that you can't eat it. We should make every effort to make sure this disease, often referred to as 'progress', doesn't spread.;Andy Rooney;respect
Leadership is diving for a loose ball, getting the crowd involved, getting other players involved. It's being able to take it as well as dish it out. That's the only way you're going to get respect from the players.;Larry Bird;respect
By respect for life we become religious in a way that is elementary, profound and alive.;Albert Schweitzer;respect
Our aversion to lying is commonly a secret ambition to make what we say considerable, and have every word received with a religious respect.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;respect
I respect the fact that many denominations have different points of view with respect to gay marriage and they can hold that in the sanctity in the place of their religion and not bless them or solemnize them.;Colin Powell;respect
I, for one, respect those who believe with all their hearts and conscience that there are no circumstances under which any abortion should ever be available.;Hillary Clinton;respect
I do respect people's faith, but I don't respect their manipulation of that faith in order to create fear and control.;Javier Bardem;respect
We must welcome the future, remembering that soon it will be the past and we must respect the past, remembering that it was once all that was humanly possible.;George Santayana;respect
We submit to the majority because we have to. But we are not compelled to call our attitude of subjection a posture of respect.;Ambrose Bierce;respect
Don't ever know who you may meet, or just because a person may not be dressed up all fancy, don't mean they're not an important person. You just don't ever know who you're gonna meet in life. So that's why I look at everybody as equal. Can't just judge. I treat everybody with respect. Every man.;Floyd Mayweather, Jr.;respect
Our high respect for a well read person is praise enough for literature.;T. S. Eliot;respect
When you have a godly husband, a godly wife, children who respect their parents and who are loved by their parents, who provide for those children their physical and spiritual and material needs, lovingly, you have the ideal unit.;Jerry Falwell;respect
Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.;Anton Chekhov;respect
Women are tenacious, and all of them should be tenacious of respect without esteem they cannot exist esteem is the first demand that they make of love.;Honore de Balzac;respect
In Republics, the great danger is, that the majority may not sufficiently respect the rights of the minority.;James Madison;respect
I'm not as angry as I used to be. But I can get in touch with that anger pretty quickly if I feel my space is being invaded or somebody is not treating me with the respect that I think I want.;Samuel L. Jackson;respect
Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage. I'm afraid it did.;Bette Davis;respect
I have a great love and respect for religion, great love and respect for atheism. What I hate is agnosticism, people who do not choose.;Orson Welles;respect
True humility is intelligent self respect which keeps us from thinking too highly or too meanly of ourselves. It makes us modest by reminding us how far we have come short of what we can be.;Ralph W. Sockman;respect
To be sensual, I think, is to respect and rejoice in the force of life, of life itself, and to be present in all that one does, from the effort of loving to the making of bread.;James A. Baldwin;respect
I need privacy. I would think that because what I do makes a lot of people happy that I might deserve a little bit of respect in return. Instead, the papers try to drag me off my pedestal.;Jim Carrey;respect
I have more respect for a man who lets me know where he stands, even if he's wrong. Than the one who comes up like an angel and is nothing but a devil.;Malcolm X;respect
You don't have to love them. You just have to respect their rights.;Edward Koch;respect
If we desire respect for the law, we must first make the law respectable.;Louis D. Brandeis;respect
There is no tragedy in missing a putt, no matter how short. All have erred in this respect.;Walter Hagen;respect
Lying has a kind of respect and reverence with it. We pay a person the compliment of acknowledging his superiority whenever we lie to him.;Samuel Butler;respect
The Arab League tells us to go in and take out Qaddafi. We've spent billions of dollars already with respect to the Arab League. Billions of dollars, because they told us to do it. Why aren't they paying for it? They don't like Qaddafi, Qaddafi's been a terrible thorn in their side.;Donald Trump;respect
There is a secret pride in every human heart that revolts at tyranny. You may order and drive an individual, but you cannot make him respect you.;William Hazlitt;respect
Respect is one of the greatest expressions of love.;Miguel Angel Ruiz;respect
I was silent as a child, and silenced as a young woman I am taking my lumps and bumps for being a big mouth, now, but usually from those whose opinion I don't respect.;Sandra Cisneros;respect
It is a full time job being honest one moment at a time, remembering to love, to honor, to respect. It is a practice, a discipline, worthy of every moment.;Jasmine Guy;respect
A student never forgets an encouraging private word, when it is given with sincere respect and admiration.;William Lyon Phelps;respect
Treat everyone with respect and kindness. Period. No exceptions.;Kiana Tom;respect
In the long term we can hope that religion will change the nature of man and reduce conflict. But history is not encouraging in this respect. The bloodiest wars in history have been religious wars.;Richard M. Nixon;respect
You've just got to have a sense of respect for the person you have children with. Anger doesn't help anybody. Ultimately you have to say forgiveness is important, and honoring what you had together is important. But it's easy to say and harder to do.;Nicole Kidman;respect
I guess at the end of the day, all women like to be appreciated and treated with respect and kindness.;Sofia Vergara;respect
Respect... is appreciation of the separateness of the other person, of the ways in which he or she is unique.;Annie Gottlieb;respect
Often people display a curious respect for a man drunk, rather like the respect of simple races for the insane... There is something awe-inspiring in one who has lost all inhibitions.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;respect
The sea speaks a language polite people never repeat. It is a colossal scavenger slang and has no respect.;Carl Sandburg;respect
Arsenal have won that advantage, nobody gave it to them. By playing fantastic football and by winning matches and by winning trophies, they won that respect that the opponent has for them.;Jose Mourinho;respect
Mankind is like dogs, not gods - as long as you don't get mad they'll bite you - but stay mad and you'll never be bitten. Dogs don't respect humility and sorrow.;Jack Kerouac;respect
The people I respect most behave as if they were immortal and as if society was eternal.;E. M. Forster;respect
Treating your adversary with respect is striking soft in battle.;Samuel Johnson;respect
Respect for right conduct is felt by every body.;Jane Austen;respect
Walk a mile in my shoes is good advice. Our children will learn to respect others if they are used to imagining themselves in another's place.;Neil Kurshan;respect
I tell myself that God gave my children many gifts - spirit, beauty, intelligence, the capacity to make friends and to inspire respect. There was only one gift he held back - length of life.;Rose Kennedy;respect
Never respect men merely for their riches, but rather for their philanthropy we do not value the sun for its height, but for its use.;Gamaliel Bailey;respect
May the God of your choice bless and keep you. I respect Him as long as He does not circumcise me anymore.;Kinky Friedman;respect
I love making new friends and I respect people for a lot of different reasons.;Taylor Swift;respect
If you have some respect for people as they are, you can be more effective in helping them to become better than they are.;John W. Gardner;respect
To be loved at first sight, a man should have at the same time something to respect and something to pity in his face.;Stendhal;respect
Someday I want to be rich. Some people get so rich they lose all respect for humanity. That's how rich I want to be.;Rita Rudner;respect
I'm an atheist, but I'm very relaxed about it. I don't preach my atheism, but I have a huge amount of respect for people like Richard Dawkins who do.;Daniel Radcliffe;respect
It is hard to feel individually responsible with respect to the invisible processes of a huge and distant government.;John W. Gardner;respect
It is justice and respect that I want the world to dust off and put - without delay, and with tenderness - back on the head of the Palestinian child. It will be imperfect justice and respect because the injustice and disrespect have been so severe. But I believe we are right to try.;Alice Walker;respect
People respect nonfiction but they read novels.;E. O. Wilson;respect
I thought perhaps it should be recognized that religious people, including fundamentalists, are quite intelligent, many of them are highly educated, and they should be treated with complete respect.;E. O. Wilson;respect
First and foremost, I'm a feminist. And basically that stems from a strong belief that all people and creatures deserve equal opportunity, rights and respect.;Kathy Najimy;respect
We must respect the past, and mistrust the present, if we wish to provide for the safety of the future.;Joseph Joubert;respect
Of course, everybody makes mistakes, and we've all been young and stupid. But people need to have a sense of respect, particularly in this business, because hundreds of people are ready to take your place at any time. Maybe some people should think about that.;Sophia Bush;respect
Great authors are admirable in this respect: in every generation they make for disagreement. Through them we become aware of our differences.;Andre Gide;respect
Respect the masterpiece. It is true reverence to man. There is no quality so great, none so much needed now.;Frank Lloyd Wright;respect
Poetry is the universal language which the heart holds with nature and itself. He who has a contempt for poetry, cannot have much respect for himself, or for anything else.;William Hazlitt;respect
Discipline is based on pride, on meticulous attention to details, and on mutual respect and confidence. Discipline must be a habit so ingrained that it is stronger than the excitement of the goal or the fear of failure.;Gary Ryan Blair;respect
No matter how popular you are as a stand-up - you can go out and fill a 10,000-seat arena and be smart and funny - it's delicate to host an awards show and know where your place is and know that it's not about you, that it's about the people who are nominated, and respect that, but at the same time have your moment to show them who you are.;Ellen DeGeneres;respect
I like to be bought flowers and taken out for dinner. I like a man to be a gentleman. I don't like to be treated as if I am brainless. I like to be respected and to give respect.;Sharon Stone;respect
I don't believe war is a way to solve problems. I think it's wrong. I don't have respect for the people that made the decisions to go on with war. I don't have that much respect for Bush. He's about war, I'm not about war - a lot of people aren't about war.;Avril Lavigne;respect
More than in any other performing arts the lack of respect for acting seems to spring from the fact that every layman considers himself a valid critic.;Simone Weil;respect
Don't tell your kids you had an easy birth or they won't respect you. For years I used to wake up my daughter and say, 'Melissa you ripped me to shreds. Now go back to sleep.'.;Joan Rivers;respect
I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education.;Wilson Mizner;respect
Wherever I look, I see signs of the commandment to honor one's parents and nowhere of a commandment that calls for the respect of a child.;Alice Miller;respect
My whole thing is to agree to disagree and to have respect because nothing can really be changed and you wouldn't want to ruin their happiness - even if that happiness is ignorance.;Katy Perry;respect
Everyone in society should be a role model, not only for their own self-respect, but for respect from others.;Barry Bonds;respect
I deserve respect for the things I did not do.;Dan Quayle;respect
'Harry Potter' gave me back self respect. Harry gave me a job to do that I loved more than anything else.;J. K. Rowling;respect
I do get recognized, but I must say Edinburgh is a fantastic city to live if you're well-known. There is an innate respect for privacy in Edinburgh people, and I also think they're used to seeing me walking around, so I don't think I'm a very big deal.;J. K. Rowling;respect
We must not permit our respect for the dead or our sympathy for the living to lead us into an act of injustice to the balance of the living.;Davy Crockett;respect
I think every religious person should have a deep sense of respect for other people's religious documents and religious symbols just as we were deeply opposed to the Taliban destroying the two historic buddhas which they blew up. So I think we ought to all oppose burning the Koran.;Newt Gingrich;respect
