The stones themselves are thick with history, and those cats that dash through the alleyways must surely be the ghosts of the famous dead in feline disguise.;Erica Jong;famous
Well I would say that we're regular people first of all and we're normal and it's obvious by some of the things that have happened just because our name is famous we're not immune to tragedy.;Brett Favre;famous
A library, to modify the famous metaphor of Socrates, should be the delivery room for the birth of ideas - a place where history comes to life.;Norman Cousins;famous
It's quite a famous story that takes place on Christmas Eve, and the Germans, French, and Scottish are trying to make peace one night and they bury their dead and they play football. I play a German opera singer, in German, which I never have so I am really excited about that.;Diane Kruger;famous
I'm not a very good impersonator, my friends maybe, but not famous people.;Diane Kruger;famous
It wasn't glamorous in my day. In the regions, reporters were seen as such low life that they didn't merit their name in the Radio Times. Now people are interested in being famous. I never gave it a thought.;Kate Adie;famous
I never dreamt of being a musician for my livelihood. I certainly never would have wanted to be in the business that I'm in, meaning the fame and the glory, the glitter, the rock star, the famous part.;Eddie Van Halen;famous
I'm as famous as I want to be.;Tracey Ullman;famous
Computers are famous for being able to do complicated things starting from simple programs.;Seth Lloyd;famous
The Bronx is famous for two things. Hip-hop, and 26 world championships.;Kurtis Blow;famous
I wanted to be famous. I wanted people to talk about me.;Haile Gebrselassie;famous
I know I have this level of celebrity, of fame, international, national, whatever you want to call it, but it's a pretty surreal thing to think sometimes that you're in the middle of another famous person's life and you think to yourself, 'How the hell did I get famous? What is this some weird club that we're in?';Kevin Costner;famous
Fact is, famous people say fame stinks because they love it so - like a secret restaurant or holiday island they don't want the hoi polloi to get their grubby paws on.;Julie Burchill;famous
Yeah, I like to be the maker of the art. And I like and want the money. But I don't really dig being famous.;Liz Phair;famous
Be very clear as to what your dream is. Nowadays it is fairly certain that 90 percent of all actors really just want to be rich and famous as the solution to all that ails.;Dirk Benedict;famous
I'm famous today. People like me today. Might not like me tomorrow. You can't count on it.;Dave Chappelle;famous
I'm glad that my parents missed one thing that was really unbelievable. They saw me hit this great success. It was a blast and we had a lot of laughs. And it was just an amazing time. They passed away. And then after I got, you know, famous, all these haters came out of nowhere.;Dane Cook;famous
As a famous person you think how you're gonna end it, get away and have a normal life.;Gwen Stefani;famous
If I wasn't even famous or had any success, I would still wake up and put tons of make-up on, and put on a cool outfit. That's always been who I've been my whole life, so that's never gonna change. I love fashion. I love getting dressed up. I love Halloween, too.;Gwen Stefani;famous
There is less pressure as a character actor. It generally means that you will be acting for all of your life, which is my intention. It is not my intention to just be a rich and famous person, that would be pretty boring.;Tim Roth;famous
I felt so painfully isolated that I vowed I would get revenge on the world by becoming a famous cartoonist.;Robert Crumb;famous
I really don't know anything else because my brothers were famous when I was two years old. So I know nothing else, no other life.;Janet Jackson;famous
If somebody for some reason, for music or for movie, becomes famous, it's because they have something, something special.;Roberto Cavalli;famous
The press attack people to sell more papers without thinking, but when you get famous you have to put up with this kind of stuff.;Roberto Cavalli;famous
There are people who appear in the magazines and I don't know who they are. I've never seen anything they've done and their careers are over already. They're famous for maybe 10 minutes. Real careers, I think, take a long time to unfold.;Matt Damon;famous
I've only ever wanted to be a singer I never wanted to be famous.;Katherine Jenkins;famous
Because I think in order to get famous you have to be known for something. Like 'You're the romantic comedy girl' or 'You're the Oscar-winning whatever girl.';Rachel Weisz;famous
Our top story tonight: Famous TV dolphin flipper was arrested today on prostitution ring charges. He allegedly was seen transporting two 16 year olds across state line for immoral porpoises.;Colin Mochrie;famous
I never wanted to be a celebrity I never wanted to be famous. And in my daily life, I work really hard to not trade on it in any way.;Sarah Jessica Parker;famous
I mean I was famous for nothing.;Rick Springfield;famous
I didn't want kids to think that to be happy, they had to be famous or rich or live in the big city.;Dan Savage;famous
Becoming famous is a strange thing in your own right.;Carnie Wilson;famous
When you see a fantastic colour or cut in a magazine, perched up on some famous so-and-so's head, it's tempting to ask your stylist for the same, but do not be fooled. The hair in those fancy photos can be very high maintenance.;Beth Ditto;famous
I don't feel famous and I didn't want my autobiography to be like a Paris Hilton story.;Beth Ditto;famous
I always loved working as an actress, but I didn't understand why I couldn't just opt out of being famous. And then I realized you can, and I think I did. And eventually, I came to understand that you can do that and also keep working.;Debra Winger;famous
I would like to prove that on TV, everyday lives can be as compelling as the life-styles of the rich and famous. Especially lives that we catch at extraordinary moments.;Jane Pauley;famous
I would be a huge hypocrite if I didn't tell you that at one time in my life I thought the way that you made music was you got on a major label and you got famous.;Neko Case;famous
We need to teach our kids, because there is such a celebrity culture at the moment, that however rich you are, however famous you are, however glamorous you are, everyone has to live by the same rules.;Nick Clegg;famous
I don't have many famous friends, really, except Simon Cowell.;Leona Lewis;famous
Usually when I see someone famous, for some reason, I think I know them.;Leona Lewis;famous
My goal was just to work regularly. I didn't ever expect to be rich or famous. I wanted to be a working character actor.;Harrison Ford;famous
I got the famous Oprah hug!;Taylor Lautner;famous
There are hundreds of Frank Lloyd Wright buildings around the United States and in other countries, too. Wright lived into his 90s, and one of his most famous buildings, the Guggenheim Museum in New York, was completed just before his death. Wright buildings look like Wright buildings - that is their paradox.;Jane Smiley;famous
I became famous so quickly and so young - it was daunting. I was immature and I used to say some really stupid things in interviews. I never smiled on stage so I looked really serious, but it was because I hated my teeth and was incredibly nervous.;Gary Numan;famous
There's the famous thing that the A&ampR man from the record company is supposed to do: He's supposed to come into the studio and listen to the songs you've been recording and then say, 'Guys, I don't hear any singles.' And then everybody falls into a terrible depression because you have to write one.;Jarvis Cocker;famous
I think basically becoming famous has taken the place of going to Heaven in modern society, hasn't it? That's the place where your dreams will come true. It's an act of faith now they think that's going to sort things out.;Jarvis Cocker;famous
As a shy kid growing up in Sheffield, I fantasized about how it would be great to be famous so I wouldn't actually have to talk to people and feel awkward. And of course, as we all know from fairy stories, when you achieve that ambition, you find out you don't want it.;Jarvis Cocker;famous
Pulp existed for 12 years before we got famous. Now, you could say that was just lack of imagination, but it's some kind of quality isn't it? Tenacity. You could also say it was sloth.;Jarvis Cocker;famous
I had no desire to be famous I just wanted to make the greatest music ever made. I didn't want anyone to know who I was.;Robert Smith;famous
I don't want to be famous. I want to be secure. I don't want the world. I just want a piece of it. I want people to remember Eric Davis.;Eric Davis;famous
You do not want to get married at 22! Especially if you're famous, because girls are going to be throwing themselves at you.;Usain Bolt;famous
When you look at Michael Jackson, there's nobody who loves him in that family, nobody. If they did, they'd tell him he didn't have to do all that in order to be famous. All he has to do is keep doing his music and be himself. Michael's been a little touched for about 20 years, but somebody needs to pull him aside and tell him they love him.;Jamie Foxx;famous
When I was growing up, I thought I'd be a lot happier if I was famous and successful and if I had money.;Russell Brand;famous
I don't know if this is the kind of retrospective analysis that people are fond of applying to their work or actions, but it feels like I knew I was going to be famous and I knew that an element of that would be traumatic, so that if I could make myself something big and otherworldly, it would be a kind of defence.;Russell Brand;famous
Being a famous actress may give you a sense of being important, but believe me, it's just an illusion.;Juliette Binoche;famous
It's never been my purpose to become an American icon, or more famous or richer.;Juliette Binoche;famous
I didn't get hugely famous really quick. It was a slow, gradual process, so I was able to sort of grow into myself and figure out who I was and what I wanted without the glaring spotlight on me telling me who I was.;Sarah McLachlan;famous
Major success feels a bit like a coronation. Like I'd become a king. I was one of the most famous people in the world, loved and hated in equal measure. I couldn't see anything bad with it. It made me a happy person.;Larry Hagman;famous
I'm the man that made wrestling famous.;Hulk Hogan;famous
I've had to deal, a lot, with my own sense of intimidation at meeting famous people - especially actors, but really any famous people.;Charlie Kaufman;famous
It is more interesting to be compared to someone famous, because it lets you gauge what perceptions people have about your appearance.;Arthur Smith;famous
Nobody wants to end up super rich and famous - but divorced. I'm always clear on that and try to stay on the right side of the line.;Bear Grylls;famous
When famous people come up to you it's a bit weird, but it's an honour, really, when they recognise you and want to chat to you for a bit.;Wayne Rooney;famous
I was very famous as a young man and I celebrated both the good and bad times with drinking.;Glenn Hughes;famous
But I didn't ask to have somebody nose around in my private life. I didn't even ask to be famous. All I asked was to be able to earn a living making people laugh.;Carol Burnett;famous
You can become famous but you can't become unfamous. You can become infamous but not unfamous.;Dave Chappelle;famous
Being famous is great, it's not like bad or horrible or anything.;Dave Chappelle;famous
I love being famous - it's phenomenal.;Dave Chappelle;famous
Being famous is not something that would make me feel successful - unless one was striving for mediocrity.;William Hurt;famous
There are a lot of good things about being famous but there are a few not so good things too.;Sharon Stone;famous
I hope this doesn't sound pompous but I don't think of myself as famous, whatever fame I've got has come through what I've done and associations of things I've done.;Peter Cushing;famous
You meet people in Hollywood that are famous, and you're not sure what they got famous for.;Rainn Wilson;famous
In a school where everyone is famous or rich or whatever, you have a culture, 'What does your dad do?' 'What does your mom do?';Cynthia Nixon;famous
I think in the end, when you're famous, people like to narrow you down to a few personality traits. I think I've just become this ambitious, say-whatever's-on-her-mind, intimidating person. And that's part of my personality, but it's certainly not anywhere near the whole thing.;Madonna Ciccone;famous
A lot of times on tour it's about, 'OK, where am I today? Wow, I'm in Costa Rica. What is their famous dish?' And it's about trying the food, and really experiencing it.;Fergie;famous
I'm famous for splurging at fast-food places. I'm currently obsessed with Taco Bell's bean and cheese burritos with extra green sauce and extra cheese. Gluttony!;Fergie;famous
You can be famous for a lot of things. You can be a Nobel-prize winner. You can be the fattest guy in the world.;Evel Knievel;famous
I know somebody from university who's called Phil Collins and I think there's something terribly unfortunate about sharing a name With somebody who either is famous or becomes famous.;David Walliams;famous
I've noticed that once you leave London you do kind of become a bit more famous. People in London are a bit too cool for school. It's not so unusual to see someone from London in the street. But outside of London people are a bit more excited to see you and come out and support you.;David Walliams;famous
I don't have famous neighbours and if I did, I'd avoid them. I don't live the jet-set.;Vanessa Paradis;famous
People don't get through to the essence of you right away - it's always the famous 'girl' or the famous 'girlfriend'. I'd rather be known for myself.;Vanessa Paradis;famous
What is a movie star? It is an illusion. It was everything I ever wanted to be, but it became a kind of shell, non? It was what made me famous and got me women. But it wasn't real.;Jean Claude Van Damme;famous
You know, one of the biggest thrills I have is when famous people recognize me from Taxi.;Marilu Henner;famous
Anytime you cast a movie and you need someone famous in the lead part, you're a prisoner of whoever happens to be famous in the six-month window in which you're trying to get a film financed.;Alexander Payne;famous
When you're rich and famous you are the dominant force in a relationship, even if you try hard not to be. I've talked of sacrificing everything for Fleetwood Mac, but I realize now that it is simply the only thing I've ever wanted to do.;Stevie Nicks;famous
I just think Rosa Parks was overrated. Last time I checked, she got famous for breaking the law.;Stephen Colbert;famous
It wasn't being an alcoholic - it was going wild. It happened when I got famous. It was like having my teens in my early thirties: blotting out your life, not having to think about anything.;Julie Walters;famous
I remember Michael saying, 'Rich and famous? It's much better to be just rich'. I didn't quite get it to begin with. But he's right. You lose anonymity. I say to my family that you've no idea until you lose it how precious anonymity is.;Julie Walters;famous
I want to thank all the women who have worn my clothes, the famous and the unknown, who have been so faithful to me and given me so much joy.;Yves Saint Laurent;famous
It was deeply important for me to understand where Mandela came from. Because we know where he was going, and that's a famous story, but who was he? Where did he come from? What was his upbringing?;Idris Elba;famous
I had a sense of who I was before I got famous.;Joe Rogan;famous
I really feel like it's a travesty to make a child famous. I really do.;Joe Rogan;famous
Being famous hasn't changed my perception of myself - I've just grown up.;Cat Deeley;famous
I have never wanted to be famous, as such - fame is a by-product.;Steve Coogan;famous
Actually, bizarrely, in America, I get more appreciation from the odd, unusual stuff I've done, almost because I'm not, if you like, famous in America as I am in England.;Steve Coogan;famous
You've got certain guys that just want to be famous and then you've got the real musicians that just love playing music.;Zakk Wylde;famous
Save your rejections so that later when you are famous you can show them to people and laugh.;Meg Cabot;famous
HBO is really famous for hiring good people and staying out of their way until they ask for help, or need it. And that reputation is earned.;Richard Russo;famous
Ever since grammar school, I knew I wanted to be famous - I always wanted to be a singer.;Jennifer Hudson;famous
