The minute anyone's getting anxious I say, You must eat and you must sleep. They're the two vital elements for a healthy life.;Francesca Annis;health
Success doesn't mean that you are healthy, success doesn't mean that you're happy, success doesn't mean that you're rested. Success really doesn't mean that you look good, or feel good, or are good.;Victoria Principal;health
Arguments are healthy. They clear the air.;John Deacon;health
I became a fanatic about healthy food in 1944.;Gloria Swanson;health
I eat really healthy, and if I'm tired, I take a nap.;Casper Van Dien;health
Liberty is to the collective body, what health is to every individual body. Without health no pleasure can be tasted by man without liberty, no happiness can be enjoyed by society.;Henry St. John;health
The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in the morning feeling just plain terrible.;Jean Kerr;health
I stand before you a totally healthy person.;Melissa Etheridge;health
I'm still healthy as can be.;Darrell Royal;health
I've made a promise to myself to be a 100% healthy person if nothing else.;Picabo Street;health
I sit on my duff, smoke cigarettes and watch TV. I'm not exactly a poster girl for healthy living.;Lexa Doig;health
What the public expects and what is healthy for an individual are two very different things.;Esther Williams;health
You know, true love really matters, friends really matter, family really matters. Being responsible and disciplined and healthy really matters.;Courtney Thorne Smith;health
I had my moments when I got very frightened that I would not recover.;Fran Drescher;health
Healthy people live with their world.;Anne Wilson Schaef;health
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.;Buddha;health
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him.;Buddha;health
Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non-being is the greatest joy.;Lao Tzu;health
The devil has put a penalty on all things we enjoy in life. Either we suffer in health or we suffer in soul or we get fat.;Albert Einstein;health
Our greatest happiness does not depend on the condition of life in which chance has placed us, but is always the result of a good conscience, good health, occupation, and freedom in all just pursuits.;Thomas Jefferson;health
Without health life is not life it is only a state of langour and suffering - an image of death.;Buddha;health
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint.;Mark Twain;health
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.;Jim Rohn;health
It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;health
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver.;Mahatma Gandhi;health
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.;Mark Twain;health
When wealth is lost, nothing is lost when health is lost, something is lost when character is lost, all is lost.;Billy Graham;health
Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading. I will rather say more necessary because health is worth more than learning.;Thomas Jefferson;health
I heard a definition once: Happiness is health and a short memory! I wish I'd invented it, because it is very true.;Audrey Hepburn;health
Those who enjoy their own emotionally bad health and who habitually fill their own minds with the rank poisons of suspicion, jealousy and hatred, as a rule take umbrage at those who refuse to do likewise, and they find a perverted relief in trying to denigrate them.;Johannes Brahms;health
Faith and prayer are the vitamins of the soul man cannot live in health without them.;Mahalia Jackson;health
It was the labor movement that helped secure so much of what we take for granted today. The 40-hour work week, the minimum wage, family leave, health insurance, Social Security, Medicare, retirement plans. The cornerstones of the middle-class security all bear the union label.;Barack Obama;health
Use your health, even to the point of wearing it out. That is what it is for. Spend all you have before you die do not outlive yourself.;George Bernard Shaw;health
The health of the eye seems to demand a horizon. We are never tired, so long as we can see far enough.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;health
The first wealth is health.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;health
Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory.;Albert Schweitzer;health
Older people shouldn't eat health food, they need all the preservatives they can get.;Robert Orben;health
He who has health, has hope and he who has hope, has everything.;Thomas Carlyle;health
Did you ever see the customers in health - food stores? They are pale, skinny people who look half - dead. In a steak house, you see robust, ruddy people. They're dying, of course, but they look terrific.;Bill Cosby;health
Not necessity, not desire - no, the love of power is the demon of men. Let them have everything - health, food, a place to live, entertainment - they are and remain unhappy and low-spirited: for the demon waits and waits and will be satisfied.;Friedrich Nietzsche;health
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health.;Henry David Thoreau;health
After a century of striving, after a year of debate, after a historic vote, health care reform is no longer an unmet promise. It is the law of the land.;Barack Obama;health
Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined.;Johnny Carson;health
I am confident that nobody... will accuse me of selfishness if I ask to spend time, while I am still in good health, with my family, my friends and also with myself.;Nelson Mandela;health
Attention to health is life's greatest hindrance.;Plato;health
The truth is, in order to get things like universal health care and a revamped education system, then someone is going to have to give up a piece of their pie so that someone else can have more.;Michelle Obama;health
And so our goal on health care is, if we can get, instead of health care costs going up 6 percent a year, it's going up at the level of inflation, maybe just slightly above inflation, we've made huge progress. And by the way, that is the single most important thing we could do in terms of reducing our deficit. That's why we did it.;Barack Obama;health
In the richest country in the history of the world, this Obama economy has crushed the middle class. Family income has fallen by $4,000, but health insurance premiums are higher, food prices are higher, utility bills are higher, and gasoline prices have doubled. Today more Americans wake up in poverty than ever before.;Mitt Romney;health
If you are young and you drink a great deal it will spoil your health, slow your mind, make you fat - in other words, turn you into an adult.;P. J. O'Rourke;health
Obama's health care plan will be written by a committee whose head, John Conyers, says he doesn't understand it. It'll be passed by Congress that has not read it, signed by a president who smokes, funded by a Treasury chief who didn't pay his taxes, overseen by a Surgeon General who is obese, and financed by a country that's nearly broke. What could possibly go wrong?;Rush Limbaugh;health
But if you - if what - the reports are true, what they're saying is, is that as a consequence of us getting 30 million additional people health care, at the margins that's going to increase our costs, we knew that.;Barack Obama;health
Women in particular need to keep an eye on their physical and mental health, because if we're scurrying to and from appointments and errands, we don't have a lot of time to take care of ourselves. We need to do a better job of putting ourselves higher on our own 'to do' list.;Michelle Obama;health
The best activities for your health are pumping and humping.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;health
I pray God may preserve your health and life many years.;Junipero Serra;health
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted.;Denis Waitley;health
If we could give every individual the right amount of nourishment and exercise, not too little and not too much, we would have found the safest way to health.;Hippocrates;health
Addiction should never be treated as a crime. It has to be treated as a health problem. We do not send alcoholics to jail in this country. Over 500,000 people are in our jails who are nonviolent drug users.;Ralph Nader;health
True friendship is like sound health the value of it is seldom known until it is lost.;Charles Caleb Colton;health
Perfect freedom is as necessary to the health and vigor of commerce as it is to the health and vigor of citizenship.;Patrick Henry;health
Talk is by far the most accessible of pleasures. It costs nothing in money, it is all profit, it completes our education, founds and fosters our friendships, and can be enjoyed at any age and in almost any state of health.;Robert Louis Stevenson;health
It is better to lose health like a spendthrift than to waste it like a miser.;Robert Louis Stevenson;health
We can be thankful to a friend for a few acres, or a little money and yet for the freedom and command of the whole earth, and for the great benefits of our being, our life, health, and reason, we look upon ourselves as under no obligation.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;health
Overnight stardom can be harmful to your mental health. Yeah. It has ruined a lot of people.;Clint Eastwood;health
On one of the most personal matters of our lives, our health care, President Obama would turn decision making over to government bureaucrats. He forced through Obama-care and I will repeal it.;Mitt Romney;health
Opportunity expands when there is excellence and choice in education, when taxes are lowered, when every citizen has affordable, portable health insurance and when constitutional freedoms are preserved.;Mitt Romney;health
It's no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;health
If you're working out in front of a mirror and watching your muscles grow, your ego has reached a point where it is now eating itself. That's why I believe there should be a psychiatrist at every health club, so that when they see you doing this, they will take you away for a little chat.;Lewis Black;health
You cannot have maternal health without reproductive health. And reproductive health includes contraception and family planning and access to legal, safe abortion.;Hillary Clinton;health
All mankind... being all equal and independent, no one ought to harm another in his life, health, liberty or possessions.;John Locke;health
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing.;Redd Foxx;health
Capital is reckless of the health or length of life of the laborer, unless under compulsion from society.;Karl Marx;health
I've had extraordinary good luck with my health, other than a broken elbow.;Hillary Clinton;health
A man is not rightly conditioned until he is a happy, healthy, and prosperous being and happiness, health, and prosperity are the result of a harmonious adjustment of the inner with the outer of the man with his surroundings.;James Allen;health
The greatest of follies is to sacrifice health for any other kind of happiness.;Arthur Schopenhauer;health
Health is not valued till sickness comes.;Thomas Fuller;health
Health is the soul that animates all the enjoyments of life, which fade and are tasteless without it.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;health
One lesson that every nation can learn from China is to focus more on creating village-level enterprises, quality health services and educational facilities.;Abdul Kalam;health
Good health and good sense are two of life's greatest blessings.;Publilius Syrus;health
Property may be destroyed and money may lose its purchasing power but, character, health, knowledge and good judgement will always be in demand under all conditions.;Roger Babson;health
The true index of a man's character is the health of his wife.;Cyril Connolly;health
In a disordered mind, as in a disordered body, soundness of health is impossible.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;health
The chief condition on which, life, health and vigor depend on, is action. It is by action that an organism develops its faculties, increases its energy, and attains the fulfillment of its destiny.;Colin Powell;health
For whatever reason, maybe it's because of my story, but people associate Livestrong with exercise and physical fitness, health and lifestyle choices like that.;Lance Armstrong;health
If you can be well without health, you may be happy without virtue.;Edmund Burke;health
Man does not live by soap alone and hygiene, or even health, is not much good unless you can take a healthy view of it or, better still, feel a healthy indifference to it.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;health
All the evidence that we have indicates that it is reasonable to assume in practically every human being, and certainly in almost every newborn baby, that there is an active will toward health, an impulse towards growth, or towards the actualization.;Abraham Maslow;health
The health of the people is really the foundation upon which all their happiness and all their powers as a state depend.;Benjamin Disraeli;health
The seven deadly sins: Want of money, bad health, bad temper, chastity, family ties, knowing that you know things, and believing in the Christian religion.;Samuel Butler;health
I support health care for people. I want people well taken care of. But I also want health care that we can afford as a country. I have people and friends closing down their businesses because of Obamacare.;Donald Trump;health
To be stupid, selfish, and have good health are three requirements for happiness, though if stupidity is lacking, all is lost.;Gustave Flaubert;health
The worst thing that can happen to a man is to lose his money, the next worst his health, the next worst his reputation.;Samuel Butler;health
Look up, laugh loud, talk big, keep the color in your cheek and the fire in your eye, adorn your person, maintain your health, your beauty and your animal spirits.;William Hazlitt;health
Good humor is the health of the soul, sadness is its poison.;Lord Chesterfield;health
Fame and power are the objects of all men. Even their partial fruition is gained by very few and that, too, at the expense of social pleasure, health, conscience, life.;Benjamin Disraeli;health
If we get our self-esteem from superficial places, from our popularity, appearance, business success, financial situation, health, any of these, we will be disappointed, because no one can guarantee that we'll have them tomorrow.;Kathy Ireland;health
Happiness is good health and a bad memory.;Ingrid Bergman;health
I did not become a vegetarian for my health, I did it for the health of the chickens.;Isaac Bashevis Singer;health
But the real secret to lifelong good health is actually the opposite: Let your body take care of you.;Deepak Chopra;health
As long as man continues to be the ruthless destroyer of lower living beings he will never know health or peace. For as long as men massacre animals, they will kill each other.;Pythagoras;health
