I know that some endeavor to throw the mantle of romance over the subject and treat woman like some ideal existence, not liable to the ills of life. Let those deal in fancy who have nothing better to deal in we have to do with sober, sad realities, with stubborn facts.;Ernestine Rose;sad
It can make you sad to look at pictures from your youth. So there's a trick to it. The trick is not to look at the later pictures.;Jerry Stiller;sad
You want people to feel something when you tell a story, whether they feel happy or whether they feel sad.;Harry Dean Stanton;sad
It would be sad if we lost our instinct and our courage to love and protect.;Emeli Sande;sad
But probably my favorite music, believe it or not, is sad music.;Walton Goggins;sad
I had to choose, I'd be so sad. They are flip sides of the same coin. I love both comedy and drama.;Dianne Wiest;sad
I recently turned down a film that I didn't want my kids to see. Priorities shift. Sometimes I'm sad about that, but not enough to do anything about it.;Dianne Wiest;sad
I have been to several wars to draw. I went to Vietnam. And made drawings in Vietnam during that period of the war there, and found that to be a very very sad situation.;Gerald Scarfe;sad
So war is an extremely sad business, because the majority of people don't want to be in it.;Gerald Scarfe;sad
It's sad - it's sad for us old enough to remember when directors ruled, and films were substantially better than they are today. But it's hard to argue with those kinds of grosses.;Mark Rydell;sad
I was always depressed growing up. There wasn't a reason for it, I just was. I was sad and morose. I cried a lot, I wrote a lot, and I read a lot and that was how I dealt with it.;Amanda Hocking;sad
I often say the last role I played that really touched me and where I was able to access what I really am was Bonnie, which is kind of sad when you think how early in my career that was.;Faye Dunaway;sad
Sad old blokes, I'm told, now dream of me with a whip in hand.;Anne Robinson;sad
One of the sad things about contemporary journalism is that it actually matters very little. The world now is almost inured to the power of journalism. The best journalism would manage to outrage people. And people are less and less inclined to outrage.;David Simon;sad
My childhood, I would say, was a bit sad.;Columba Bush;sad
My childhood, I would say, was a bit sad. Society resents that.;Columba Bush;sad
The delta blues is a low-down, dirty shame blues. It's a sad, big wide sound, something to make you think about people who are dead or the women who left you.;David Edwards;sad
Music videos are notoriously long, not fun, grueling. You are known there as a dancer and it's kind of sad because dancers, in a lot of ways, are under-appreciated and kind of under-respected when it come to that so they don't necessarily treat you in a nice way when you do a music video.;Jenna Dewan;sad
Then, of course, there are those sad occasions when a poet or a writer has not grown, and one has to let them go because they're just not making headway. But we have a very clear personal relationship with the authors.;James Laughlin;sad
I'm convinced I got signed because of who I am. And it makes me sad.;Jeff Buckley;sad
Well, I did Marlene 15 years ago and that's in the style. It's somehow similar and not similar because Marlene was much more aggressive, funny and sad.;Maximilian Schell;sad
The books are funny and sad, and that's what people respond to.;Paula Danziger;sad
I think when I'm in love, I really am very good with calling, little faxes, and visiting and I really put a lot of effort into it. I'm really not the one that's not available because of work and I'm very sad when I actually leave.;Franka Potente;sad
You see so many artists who are so talented end up living sad, empty lives. This industry takes so much out of you that without the accountability and leaving God in the center, you can be left so empty and void.;Stacie Orrico;sad
I've been getting into Nick Drake lately, the folk singer. Sad, gorgeous stuff.;Anthony Doerr;sad
If you win all the time, you lose the drama in life. To make the happy moments happy, you need the sad moments too.;Doug Davidson;sad
It's not a struggle, but sometimes when you're gone for a month or two, you start to miss your friends. I love acting so much that it fills that gap of being sad about not being able to see my friends.;Willow Shields;sad
I used to sit near Marilyn Monroe in the Actor's Studio. She'd get dressed up because that was her identity. Sad. Those cameras wouldn't leave her alone. She didn't know where to hide.;Doris Roberts;sad
I like 'Bewitched' off the first album because it's one of the happiest songs I've ever written and, as any writer will tell you, happy songs are a million times more difficult to write than sad songs.;Malcolm Wilson;sad
Nothing is more sad than the death of an illusion.;Arthur Koestler;sad
The sad truth is that excellence makes people nervous.;Shana Alexander;sad
Nolan has the strangest affect on people. You know, I think there's something very sad and little boy about him, but at the same time the way he goes about everything is so awkward and obnoxious. He can never say the right thing, you know? And I think if he just didn't try so hard and calmed down, people might actually like him a bit more!;Gabriel Mann;sad
In LA, I mean, here's this place full of desperate and sad people who take their only pleasure from destroying others for the purposes of their own self-aggrandizement.;Heather Donahue;sad
A lot of our entertainment throws into detail the stagnation and illness of how we live today-it's sad and it's sick... and it's profitable.;Heather Donahue;sad
Scientology is probably one of the most misunderstood things, and it's sad that it's so misunderstood.;Stanley Clarke;sad
I probably have the worst wardrobe. It's the most ill-fitting with the worst patterns and colors and the most nipple rubbage. There's bad chafing, and it's always tight in all the wrong places. What's sad is that I'm kinda getting used to it.;Josh Hopkins;sad
I think that the Information Age is great, but there's a downside to it obviously as well, and it's that false information can be perpetuated so quickly. And it's sad that so many people will believe it.;Josh Hopkins;sad
I would never have become music director of the Chicago Symphony, which would have been an extremely sad loss.;Georg Solti;sad
I was sad Jon Ronson, who wrote in the Guardian and has made a TV show for Channel 4, took against me.;Jonathan King;sad
It's sad that women characters have lost so much ground in popular movies. Didn't 'Thelma and Louise' prove that women want to see women doing things on film? Thelma and Louise were in a classic car they were being chased by cops they shot up a truck - and women loved it.;Robin Quivers;sad
I think that the majority of messages are validating messages to confirm the survival of conscious. And many times that validation message is negative or sad.;John Edward;sad
I mean, I was just one of the ones who got exposed, and because of the position I was in, where I was in my life, it went mainstream. A lot of people got out of it after my situation, not because I went to prison but because it was sad for them to see me go through something that was so pointless, that could have been avoided.;Michael Vick;sad
One of the reasons I wanted to teach deaf children was because it made me very sad that they spoke so clumsily and that they moved with less grace that I knew was possible of deaf people.;Stephanie Beacham;sad
I am not a sad clown. I am not a sad clown.;Nathan Lane;sad
I think it's sad to me that I had to make a decision to not play the game that I feel like I'm best at and that I love. But if it was just about the game itself, I'd be there in a heartbeat. But that's not how the real world works.;Tiffeny Milbrett;sad
I have nothing against younger women and older men on screen. What is sad is that so many women over 40 who have so much to give aren't being considered to play opposite men their own age or younger.;Rene Russo;sad
I found out about reviews early on. They're mostly written by sad men on bad afternoons. That's probably why I'm less angry than some writers, who are so narcissistic they consider every line of every review, even a thoughtful one, as major treason.;Barry Hannah;sad
The word of God is full of sad and grave counsel, full of the knowledge of God, of examples of virtues, and of correction of vices, of the end of this life, and of the life to come.;John Jewel;sad
I'm terribly sad about Farrah's passing. She was incredibly brave, and God will be welcoming her with open arms.;Cheryl Ladd;sad
If I could be more vague I'd write more about people in my life, but I hate hurting feelings or making people feel uncomfortable. I've done that before. Unless they're sad songs. Those get finished fast, but the mean ones often end up at the back of the bottom drawer and it's probably for the best.;Caitlin Rose;sad
It's the sad thing about entertainment, it's not always about who is the best.;Jake Roberts;sad
I was so sad from losing two of my dogs and my mother. I had this vision of all these animals sitting behind bars. They had no control and were scared. That's why I got into fostering and adopting animals out.;Linda Blair;sad
And the sad truth is that nobody wants me to write comedy. The Exorcist not only ended that career, it expunged all memory of its existence.;William Peter Blatty;sad
I think it's a terrible thing to write and not enjoy it. It's a sad thing. But of course a lot of people do work because they need to eat. And we all need to eat, but that's not the only reason to work. You couldn't have paid me not to write.;Anne Perry;sad
When I was leaving I kind of felt a little bit sad, because I made some friends down in skid row.;Pras Michel;sad
You have to keep hobbies in L.A. Otherwise, it's sad.;Lake Bell;sad
I always knew that St. Jude was an amazing organization but meeting the kids and seeing how the hospital works first hand was truly beautiful. It doesn't feel like a regular hospital all dreary and sad. It's a colorful, beautiful, comfortable, fun place to live and the energy is wonderful.;Ariana Grande;sad
It always makes me sad when I think of how I saw Wagner wasting his vitality, not only by singing their parts to some of his artists, but acting out the smallest details, and of how few they were who were responsive to his wishes.;Anton Seidl;sad
Film-makers are always going to be interested in making movies that plug into society around them. That's what a vibrant, artistically alert community should be doing. After all, it would be sad if we only made films about alien robots.;Mark Boal;sad
I just did an interview where I was asked whether I drink beer or whisky, and I was sad to reveal that I'm pounding spring water.;Brad Delson;sad
The pro athlete is a sad tale. He signs a big contract and thinks he's set for life. I didn't think I was set for life, and I don't now. As athletes, we are important, celebrities, in demand and rich. Then we are out of the game and we are not important, not celebrities, not in demand and not rich.;Fran Tarkenton;sad
I wanted to be a dancer my whole life. And when I gave it up to act, I always had a really sad part of myself that missed it and missed performing and missed being physical in that way.;Lyndsy Fonseca;sad
Since it's based on my parents, it's more emotionally close to me than some of my more surreal plays. And then I like the balance of the comic and the sad. It should play as funny, but you should care about the characters and feel sad for them.;Christopher Durang;sad
I only really watch sport. That's where you see real joy. I don't like watching much else on TV, because it's generally either twisted or sad.;Roger Milla;sad
I've had moments where I realize my body isn't going to withstand many more seasons, but I am very satisfied with my career and I am trying not to look at retirement as a sad thing.;Cat Osterman;sad
I had a vocal coach. It's a sad thing, but I had to hire someone so that I could get my Australian accent back.;Anthony LaPaglia;sad
Why do we capital-N Nerds love Mars so much? Because it's beautiful, it's tough, it's buried in our mythic, childhood memories. It's covered with human triumphs but also with sad stories of failure.;Greg Bear;sad
Bob summed it up best when he was on his knees at the end of the night saying, 'Don't trust in Guided By Voices.' You were there was the show awful or something? I know it was sloppy, but they're not really that tight anyway, but was it embarrassing, was it sad?;Kim Deal;sad
I don't wanta do any Blues or any sad songs.;Bob Livingston;sad
The sad thing is, when it comes to diet, is that even when well-intentioned Feds try to do right by us, they fail. Either they're outvoted by puppets of agribusiness, or they are puppets of agribusiness.;Mark Bittman;sad
It's astonishing what some women will put up with just to have a warm body. Some of the brightest women I know are just obsessed with that search. It's very sad.;Judith Rossner;sad
Two or three notes of music can instantly make you feel sad or tense or afraid or angry. To do that in words is much more difficult.;Anthony Daniels;sad
'Eyes Wide Open' took shape from two real life events straight from my own past. One was the sad suicide of my young nephew, a troubled kid, who was found at the bottom of a landmark cliff in central California. The second was a chance encounter forty years ago with none other than, ahem, Charles Manson!;Andrew Gross;sad
It is a sad commentary that today we face a choice between having schools that are a monument to our past - or schools that will be the lifeblood of our future. But since that is our choice, let us resolve to choose wisely.;Ted Kulongoski;sad
It's really sad for me that in the United States the Latino community is losing its culture and language, especially among kids born here - a lot of them can't even speak our language.;Romeo Santos;sad
Save for thee and thy lessons, man in society would everywhere sink into a sad compound of the fiend and the wild beast and this fallen world would be as certainly a moral as a natural wilderness.;Hugh Miller;sad
I love the script and I just thought it was a great role. Like I say, it's like this - the script is like this sad, funny, desperate love song to the lost American man.;Oliver Platt;sad
I think it's sad that movies and television have caused the theatre to fade as a popular art form. I hope to get young people into the theatre and expose them to Shakespeare.;Kelly McGillis;sad
I must have something to engross my thoughts, some object in life which will fill this vacuum, and prevent this sad wearing away of the heart.;Elizabeth Blackwell;sad
It always made me sad that there were kids who didn't have homes.;Lauren Holly;sad
'A Bug's Life' is a really funny movie and the characters have such different personalities. The movie is happy and then gets really sad and I'm like, W'hoa, I'm feeling this way and this movie is about bugs!';Booboo Stewart;sad
The flesh, alas, is sad, and I have read all the books.;Stephane Mallarme;sad
The world would be a very sad place if readers could only love one story.;Sylvia Day;sad
Mainly, I thought of Barney as a kid. You can always look into the faces of kids and see what they're thinking, if they're happy or sad. That's what I tried to do with Barney.;Don Knotts;sad
One of the sad commentaries on the way women are viewed in our society is that we have to fit one category. I have never felt that I had to be in one category.;Faye Wattleton;sad
Once I was checking to hotel and a couple saw my ring with Blues on it. They said, 'You play blues. That music is so sad.' I gave them tickets to the show, and they came up afterwards and said, 'You didn't play one sad song.';Buddy Guy;sad
Even when I begin with a situation that's basically funny or sad, I like to keep poking around in it. I like to get into the middle of a relationship, to explore the subtle places.;Paul Mazursky;sad
Gorillas are in danger of being wiped out by the Ebola virus. I feel like we have limited time to get to know them and understand them and they're going to disappear - that's terrifically sad. Wouldn't it be great if we could stop that?;Sara Gruen;sad
We all had lots of stories of our sad experiences - they mourned the death of my wife with me - but we were hopeful that the children would return.;Otto Frank;sad
We all remember where we were and we all remember what we were doing. I had a brother in New York, an uncle, lots of friends in New York. It made me angry, it made me sad what could I do.;Timothy Bottoms;sad
I like to express certain things that happen in my life, the joy of spring, the birds singing and young babies coming into the world. You know, the whole thing as well as the part I'm not happy with, the sad part.;Roy Haynes;sad
When this sad war is over we will all return to our homes, and feel that we can ask no higher honor than the proud consciousness that we belonged to the Army of the Potomac.;George B. McClellan;sad
I hooked up with director Jacques Audiard for this film called 'Rust &amp Bone' with Marion Cotillard. I loved that experience so much I'm truly sad that it's over!;Matthias Schoenaerts;sad
I have felt terribly from the beginning when I saw the problems and recognized that they would be ongoing. We were hired to put back the contours of the greens as closely as possible to George Thomas's designs and were real proud of what we did. It's a sad situation now.;Ben Crenshaw;sad
Many things have been said about what happened, but I don't know either. Maybe someday. One thing I'm sure of is that all the things that have happened to me, good and bad, happy and sad, have made me what I am today.;Pete Best;sad
A Church which has lost its memory is in a sad state of senility.;Henry Chadwick;sad
The poem is sad because it wants to be yours, and cannot be.;John Ashbery;sad
It's both funny and sad which seem to me to be the two basic ingredients of good comedy.;Tony Hancock;sad
We try to... we are, I suppose to a certain extent all affected and erm, that is both funny and sad I think.;Tony Hancock;sad
