Even when my parents were together, they both had to travel and work, and it wasn't like they had nine-to-five jobs. In that way, it wasn't a normal family life.;Georgia Jagger;travel
A major league pitching coach is a really difficult job. It takes a big commitment in terms of time, travel and workload.;David Cone;travel
When you're an artist, there's always a moment in your life when you think you're not inspired and instead of doing things and instead of travel and instead of falling in love, you're just depressed, so you don't move, so you don't change. So you're not inspired.;Melanie Laurent;travel
I love to travel. I'm a curious person.;Hilary Swank;travel
The desire to become a journalist came really because I very much like living abroad, and like to travel, and wanted to be paid for it.;John Pomfret;travel
I mean, the first 'Back to the Future' is kind of a perfect script, I think, in terms of handling time travel the best. It depends on your definition. To me, that means it effectively uses it in the story.;Rian Johnson;travel
Unlike some of the time-travel movies I love, like 'Primer' or '12 Monkeys,' 'Looper' is not about time travel. It's about this situation that time travel creates and the people dealing with that situation. So narratively, the big challenge was to have time travel get out of the way.;Rian Johnson;travel
That's my dream job, to be able to mail songs out to people who want to hear them. Paste my face on them and not travel all over the world trying to sell them.;Kristin Hersh;travel
The subject matter of the stories on the surface... there seem to be a number of stories about travel.;Kenneth Koch;travel
The growth of Stewart Airport creates new jobs for area residents, brings new business and new travelers to the region, and brings new convenient travel options to those of us living in the Hudson Valley.;Sue Kelly;travel
I like to travel. I love touring, I love playing.;Lita Ford;travel
Tennis is all about mental toughness, and you have to keep your head in the game. I make time to relax away from competition pressures, travel and intense training schedules to make sure I'm looking after myself. Taking time out with family and friends helps to maintain the work-life balance everyone needs.;Samantha Stosur;travel
I travel. I do a lot of traveling around the world.;Chris Tucker;travel
Sure we're in limos. We're stars. How else is a star supposed to travel?;Deion Sanders;travel
There is no scientific reason to think that we, even with space travel, are going to survive as a species for ever, certainly not by biting off the hand that feeds us, which is exactly what we are doing.;Lynn Margulis;travel
We all know we have a problem, a broad problem. Ninety-eight percent of the fuel that is used by our vehicles, our autos and trucks for personal and commercial purposes, for highway and air travel operates on oil. The world has the same problem.;John Olver;travel
I've worked with a band, and it's nice to have someone to travel around with, but I didn't like it as well on stage.;Randy Newman;travel
You know it's only 50 miles from Grand River to Canton, but it took me 67 years to travel that distance.;Don Shula;travel
Yeah. I've been pretty fortunate to travel I guess, all around the place.;Ben E. King;travel
I'm interested to go other places, I've been the boy in the bubble since we've been shooting, I need to go travel a little bit, see where the action is, other than going to see family, of course.;George Eads;travel
I remember the first time I felt that I was sharing the stage with someone spectacular was dancing with Beyonce. It was the dancers, the band, Beyonce and me in front of thousands of people. That was sick. It was pretty amazing that I got to travel the world with someone like her.;Harry Shum, Jr.;travel
I'm a big fan of doing 'Triple D.' But I don't want to do it forever, don't get me wrong! Travel away from my family, are you crazy? But do you know what it does for these mom-and-pop restaurant joints? It changes their lives forever. I mean, their businesses will never be the same.;Guy Fieri;travel
This is my first opportunity to visit this part of North Africa, so I am going to be able to go back home and talk about this beautiful country and encourage Americans to travel here.;Donald Evans;travel
An unexpected benefit of my career in biochemistry has been travel.;Paul D. Boyer;travel
Golf is growing, and there are more good young players, but you don't see them going abroad. It's so expensive to travel.;Retief Goosen;travel
You have all these people in the city and everything has become centralized. If you live outside the city and you need a birth certificate or some official paper from the government, you have to travel to the city.;Edwidge Danticat;travel
My goal when I started out was to get to the point where I could tour a lot and make a living, which means getting paid enough to hire my own band, travel and end up with a bit of money, but I'm still nowhere near that point. Because I didn't have a band and fan base when I started, I did everything backward.;Teddy Thompson;travel
I think travel is probably the downside of playing professional golf, but you've got to do it.;Karrie Webb;travel
Then, after the war it was impossible to travel, after so many years of Hitler and Stalin.;Gyorgy Ligeti;travel
My goal is to ensure the Northern Border is safe, secure and allows for the free flow of travel and commerce.;Rick Larsen;travel
I got the travel bug when I was quite young. My parents took me and my sisters out of school and we travelled all over Europe. It was an eye-opening experience and, although I love Norway, I also enjoy visiting new countries. I don't get homesick.;Magnus Carlsen;travel
Writing allows me the time to travel and see the world, which is what I always wanted to do. I'd really like to have been Sir Richard Francis Burton, but it's the wrong century.;Alan Dean Foster;travel
The first trip I remember taking was on the train from Virginia up to New York City, watching the summertime countryside rolling past the window. They used white linen tablecloths in the dining car in those days, and real silver. I love trains to this day. Maybe that was the beginning of my fixation with leisurely modes of travel.;Billy Campbell;travel
I love the simplicity, the ingredients, the culture, the history and the seasonality of Italian cuisine. In Italy people do not travel. They cook the way grandma did, using fresh ingredients and what is available in season.;Anne Burrell;travel
I wanted to travel with my dad to be close to him again. Having babies and raising my own family took so much of my time, I didn't have a chance to be with him very often.;Nancy Sinatra;travel
Young people know how important it is for dads to be involved in their lives. As I travel the country and talk with students, some of them tell me that their lives would be totally different if their father was around.;Arne Duncan;travel
Some guys travel with expensive Louis Vuitton luggage but it gets all scratched up under the plane. I'd rather not spend too much money on something that's just going to get messed up.;James Harden;travel
So it allows me to travel, I'll be doing that and running these great rivers and doing what I've done in the past without much purpose other than for the experience.;Richard Dean Anderson;travel
Although my book is banned I am still allowed to go to China and travel. There is no longer the kind of control that Mao used to have-there have been deep fundamental changes in society.;Jung Chang;travel
I didn't have a regular school experience and wanted a more abstract way of learning. I started exploring in lots of different creative ways. It gave me the opportunity to travel and play music, so it was good for me.;Brie Larson;travel
If the graves of the thousands of victims who have fallen in the terrible wars of the two races had been placed in line the philanthropist might travel from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and from the Lakes to the Gulf, and be constantly in sight of green mounds.;Nelson A. Miles;travel
I like reading, free diving and hiking. But my favorite thing to do is travel anywhere in Greece. I love everything about that place.;Max Irons;travel
Americans in particular are myopic. They're not traveling as much. When you were a college student, the next thing you would do on graduation was to take a year off and travel. That's what I did. I went to Indonesia.;Julie Taymor;travel
We are not coaching on a daily basis because we often travel with our charity and commercial interests.;Nadia Comaneci;travel
Young people don't want to be second to anyone. Everyone wants to be an overnight star. Look how many years I had to wait, how many roads I had to travel, how many songs I had to sing. And now I'm just beginning, never ending.;Compay Segundo;travel
As a child I sometimes used to travel to the West Bank to visit my family, so I know what the checkpoints felt like. I knew what it was like to live under occupation.;Queen Rania of Jordan;travel
My sisters and I were fortunate to travel through Asia and Europe at very young ages. We confronted extraordinary beauty in Athens and unspeakable poverty in India.;Mary Chapin Carpenter;travel
Being in Blur has allowed me to travel and hear the music that's being made all over the world.;Damon Albarn;travel
My ideal travel companions are my surfboard, wetsuit, and guitar.;Alexander Ludwig;travel
My favorite travel pastime is writing music, either with my guitar or on my computer.;Alexander Ludwig;travel
The travel and tourism industry is the lifeblood of many states around the country - including Florida, California, New York and Nevada, to name a few.;Mark Foley;travel
Domestic travel and tourism-related spending has reached $1 trillion a year.;Mark Foley;travel
Until the June 1967 war I was completely caught up in the life of a young professor of English. Beginning in 1968, I started to think, write, and travel as someone who felt himself to be directly involved in the renaissance of Palestinian life and politics.;Edward Said;travel
There's only one drummer. We all travel to his beat. Well, I couldn't sing his song. Because for me, it wasn't a truthful statement. Well, Linda sang it, and it was a monster for her.;Barry McGuire;travel
The world has become more complex as technology and easy travel mixes cultures without homogenizing them.;Norman Spinrad;travel
I'm terrified of bugs and I travel with sprays, lotions, potions the lot. I have to check the room before I go to sleep and if I come across a bug and fail to remove it I have to sleep in a separate room as I'm paranoid that I'll be taken advantage of as I sleep.;Freema Agyeman;travel
I get to travel around the world and meet all of these amazing people, and they're singing my songs! And to me, that's crazy.;Kina Grannis;travel
Lovers of air travel find it exhilarating to hang poised between the illusion of immortality and the fact of death.;Alexander Chase;travel
At American Airlines, we have built a business around the love of travel that has lasted three quarters of a century. And I'm pretty sure we're just getting started.;Gerard Arpey;travel
All the rappers my age are getting Audemars and Rolexes. I want to find my own thing. That's why I travel the world - for me, that's my B-side, why we go places. I have a Hublot on from time to time but I want a home base watch - something that's elegant but has got a little pizzazz to it.;Wale;travel
I love to travel, but hate to arrive.;Hernando Cortez;travel
I hope to have more time to think, to look at the sky, dealing with less crisis management, to learn another language, to travel.;Juliet Stevenson;travel
Book tours and research provide a lot of travel - too much, I sometimes think, but we do take vacations.;Bernard Cornwell;travel
The roughest part of that lifestyle is the travel and early mornings.;Josie Maran;travel
I'm having a great time. I get to travel and see the world. And yeah, I'll have a family, because I don't want to miss out on that amazing experience, but it's not defining who I am.;Krysten Ritter;travel
I can't wait to start something up myself that is actually about giving unsigned bands the exposure they deserve, especially when they travel so far to play the smallest gig they've ever played in their lives.;Dan Hawkins;travel
Travel provided many interesting experiences, but perhaps the most useful lesson I learned was that I really had no proficiency for learning the thousands of characters of the written Chinese language.;Eric Allin Cornell;travel
If you travel around America you see different sections of highways donated by this or that person, and that's a slow beginning of what may end up being a situation common in the Third World: some sections of highways in wealthy areas are beautifully maintained and other parts are just dirt-strewn potholes.;Robert D. Kaplan;travel
Along with that ongoing process Sinn Fein took a decision to establish a peace commission which had the responsibility to travel around the country to receive submissions from the general public, also our opponents.;Martin McGuinness;travel
I travel in so many different ways I travel high, I rough it... it all depends on who I travel with.;Diane von Furstenberg;travel
Yes, I travel in unusual circles. George Osborne and his wife Frances are my cousins.;Daryl Hall;travel
I made 22 million in 14 years... with taxes, and travel and everything else, it gets blown out the window... which is why I still need to work.;Boomer Esiason;travel
But as far as being an American and loving this country and getting a chance to travel across it every day and meeting people on the road and folks in the military, I love this country on so many different levels.;Dierks Bentley;travel
As a general rule, I don't plan to travel with my Oscars, but we may have to make an exception.;Paul Haggis;travel
I based in Brazil, Sao Paulo, but I come very often to the states, and I travel all over the world.;Emerson Fittipaldi;travel
I like to be at home because I just travel so much. I have four dogs, golden retrievers.;Denise Richards;travel
I don't mind where I work, it's really nice to be able to travel around and taste the flavours of different countries.;Toni Collette;travel
I aimlessly travel, meaning I have no agenda other than to get small in the world, be quiet and observe people.;Walton Goggins;travel
I don't like to leave anything unfinished on my desk before I travel.;Vijay Mallya;travel
Within 10 years it will be impossible to travel to the North Pole by dog team. There will be too much open water.;Will Steger;travel
I wanted to travel from the beginning. As a kid, I used to dream about airplanes, before I ever flew in one.;Mary Ellen Mark;travel
I read everything: fiction, history, science, mathematics, biography, travel.;Martin Lewis Perl;travel
I travel Europe every couple of weeks. I just came back from London, Holland and Denmark. Every nation on this planet has its issues with race, and I am not sure if everyone has figured out how to deal with it.;Montel Williams;travel
I like the opportunity to travel the world and work in close company with other people.;Marc Garneau;travel
I never travel without my sketch book.;Ian Wright;travel
Modeling, for me, was not fulfilling. I didn't see the point - although I was able to travel a great deal. I lived in Italy, Germany, and Spain, but I wasn't devoted to it.;Tom Welling;travel
Every hotel room, every apartment we rent, I am sage-ing. And I have crystals that I travel with. It just makes me feel better.;Jenna Dewan;travel
I'm happy because I won't have to train again, or travel or sit in team hotels.;Romario;travel
I lived at home and I cycled every morning to the railway station to travel by train to Johannesburg followed by a walk to the University, carrying sandwiches for my lunch and returning in the evening the same way.;Sydney Brenner;travel
Air travel survived decades of terrorism, including attacks which resulted in the deaths of everyone on the plane. It survived 9/11. It'll survive the next successful attack. The only real worry is that we'll scare ourselves into making air travel so onerous that we won't fly anymore.;Bruce Schneier;travel
It's a unique situation as well because England is a small country, so it makes it easy for the fans to travel. If we play down in London, they get buses and we'll get three or four thousand fans come down. They'll all sit in the same area and show their support for the team.;Claudio Reyna;travel
I like to think that if it hadn't gone as well as it has, if I wasn't able to make a living off of playing music, I would still be playing the music. But, of course, I wouldn't likely have had the opportunity to travel, and a lot of the places have inspired songs.;Bruce Cockburn;travel
Strange, is it not? That of the myriads who Before us pass'd the door of Darkness through, Not one returns to tell us of the Road Which to discover we must travel too.;Edward Fitzgerald;travel
When you travel, remember that a foreign country is not designed to make you comfortable. It is designed to make its own people comfortable.;Clifton Paul Fadiman;travel
I actually bought a travel guitar, and that guitar is really cool. You can actually fold the guitar, and you can plug headphones into it, but it's acoustic, or semi-acoustic.;Daniel Ek;travel
Singing is my passion and I always wanted to travel the country.;Thia Megia;travel
The most useful form of time travel would be to go back a year or two and rectify the mistakes we made.;Matt Lucas;travel
Well, I took a sabbatical. I walked away from shooting movies because I couldn't handle the travel. I'm a single parent. I had young kids, and I found that keeping in touch with them from hotel rooms and airports wasn't working for me. So I stopped.;Rick Moranis;travel
Travel definitely affects me as a writer.;Anthony Doerr;travel
