What saddens me is the corruption of youth and beauty, and the loss of soul, which is only replaced by money.;Lisa Bonet;money
Human beings are much bigger than just making money.;Muhammad Yunus;money
People really feel that, when they go to the gas pump now, that the oil cartel is holding them by the legs and tipping them upside down and shaking money out of their pockets.;Ed Markey;money
Our public school system is our country's biggest and most inefficient monopoly, yet it keeps demanding more and more money.;Phyllis Schlafly;money
Let us face it: in the world today, money and economic strength remain more powerful arguments than the number of people you represent.;Guy Verhofstadt;money
I'm not overly alarmist about it, but I do think there are some worrying signs, like the growing accumulation of wealth by a very small proportion of the population, plus elections in the US are much more dominated by money than anywhere else calling itself a democracy.;Peter Singer;money
I choose films for their artistic value. I don't need a mansion or a Jaguar. When I leave this Earth, I won't take any money with me. All I will leave behind will be my art.;Brad Renfro;money
We have a new generation of very rich people who want to do more with their money than buy a lot of expensive toys. They want to live meaningful lives.;Peter Singer;money
There is a basic lesson on financial crises that governments tend to wait too long, underestimate the risks, want to do too little. And it ultimately gets away from them, and they end up spending more money, causing much more damage to the economy.;Timothy Geithner;money
The United States is the only power in history that became great by giving and not by taking. I think the crisis was when the United States had more money than ideas. Money doesn't produce money. Ideas produce money.;Shimon Peres;money
I don't believe that I personally have been changed by the money. The bad thing is people assume you've changed because now you have money.;Shaquille O'Neal;money
I'm not sure about the selling part, but I've always found that the things I've worn on tour have moved over to what people wear every day. Sometimes the things I wore in the beginning before I had money were things I put together.;Steven Tyler;money
Money changes all the iron rules into rubber bands.;Ryszard Kapuscinski;money
In all honesty, at that time, I never saw myself as an author... I was just a Mom in a state of panic, trying to enter a short story contest to win the prize money in order to keep the lights on in my home.;Leslie Banks;money
I've seen so many people in this business that made a fortune. They get old and broke and can't make any money. I tell you something... no one's going to play a benefit for Jimmy Dean.;Jimmy Dean;money
I do not understand how it is that financial institutions could think that they could take taxpayer money and then turn around and act like it's business as usual. I don't understand how they can't see that the world has changed in a fundamental way, that it is not business as usual when you take taxpayer dollars.;Elizabeth Warren;money
People ask how can a Jewish kid from the Bronx do preppy clothes? Does it have to do with class and money? It has to do with dreams.;Ralph Lauren;money
Wouldn't it be great if you could only get AIDS by giving money to television preachers?;Elayne Boosler;money
The guy keeps making speeches about redistribution and maybe we ought to do something to businesses that don't invest, their holding too much money. We haven't heard that kind of talk except from pure socialists. Everybody's afraid of the government and there's no need soft peddling it, it's the truth. It is the truth.;Steve Wynn;money
There is no correlation between happiness and amounts of money.;Kesha;money
I give lectures for money, but all the money goes to charity. So, I make no money from it.;Bob Woodward;money
The truth was you can't continue to spend the kind of money our spending on all these entitlement programs. I think we need more people in public life who are willing to say, no, we can't afford certain things. No, we can't do certain things.;Chris Christie;money
Marriage, like money, is still with us and, like money, progressively devalued.;Robert Graves;money
Some people feel that what we're doing makes no sense, that it's just a waste of money. But it's working.;Calvin Klein;money
If we're going to spend a lot of money to deal with the problem of 200 million guns in the country owned by 65 million gun owners, we ought to have a system which will work and catch criminals.;John Dingell;money
People don't have time to wait for somebody to paint their portraits anymore. The money is in photography.;Robert Mapplethorpe;money
If we had 3 million exhibitionists and only one voyeur, nobody could make any money.;Albert Brooks;money
If we define an American fascist as one who in case of conflict puts money and power ahead of human beings, then there are undoubtedly several million fascists in the United States.;Henry A. Wallace;money
Any fool can make enough money to survive. It's another thing to keep yourself consistently entertained. It's a lot of work, and a lot of fun, to make a life.;Robert Fulghum;money
When you try to find funding for a VVA function, it doesn't seem like it's any trouble at all. People come out of the woodwork with their money to help out because we went over and fought a war.;R. Lee Ermey;money
Everybody likes a kidder, but nobody lends him money.;Arthur Miller;money
You know, if you look back in the 1930s, the money went to infrastructure. The bridges, the municipal buildings, the roads, those were all built with stimulus money spent on infrastructure. This stimulus bill has fundamentally gone, started out with a $500 rebate check, remember. That went to buy flat-screen TVs made in China.;Michael Bloomberg;money
If Warren Buffett made his money from ordinary income rather than capital gains, his tax rate would be a lot higher than his secretary's. In fact a very small percentage of people in this country pay a big chunk of the taxes.;Michael Bloomberg;money
The problem for those who assert biblical authority in support of traditional definitions of marriage is that one could, with equal validity, assert that the lending of money or certain kinds of haircuts are forbidden by God, or that slavery and the subjugation of women are authorized by the Lord.;Jon Meacham;money
To be honest, I've always had far too much freedom. I had a job when I was 10. I started living on my own when I was 17 or 18. I've earned my own money I've traveled the world. What would I rebel against?;Emma Watson;money
Let's be honest, I have enough money to never have to work again.;Emma Watson;money
You aren't wealthy until you have something money can't buy.;Garth Brooks;money
I'd never had money growing up, and it's never been that important to me, except maybe to take our kids on a nice vacation or something like that.;Harlan Coben;money
There is a great difference between Christianity and religion at the south. If a man goes to the communion table, and pays money into the treasury of the church, no matter if it be the price of blood, he is called religious.;Harriet Ann Jacobs;money
A country like Belgium, or socialist countries in central Europe spend more money on art education than the United States, which is a really puzzling thought.;Mikhail Baryshnikov;money
Animals, they are one of the most beautiful gifts we have and, you know, if there are people that have compassion, there are very few people that put their money into animal rescue organizations. And if there is someone that has that passion, animals need all the help they can get.;Alyssa Milano;money
If anyone tells you it's impossible to be fabulous and smart and make a ton of money using math, well, they can just get in line behind you - and kiss your math.;Danica McKellar;money
Money for me today does not really matter.;Jackie Chan;money
I tend to make low-budget movies but, yeah, I make more money than I ever thought I would make.;Laura Linney;money
When I was young I didn't care about education, just money and box office.;Jackie Chan;money
Money isn't important, but you have to have enough, so you don't have to think about it. Thinking about money is a drag.;Jarvis Cocker;money
You need to do the work to bring the money in, but not compromise standards.;Heston Blumenthal;money
I had no idea that I would ever get involved with something like lending money to poor people, given the circumstances in which I was working in Bangladesh.;Muhammad Yunus;money
I don't come from money.;Christina Ricci;money
I went to the bank and proposed that they lend money to the poor people. The bankers almost fell over.;Muhammad Yunus;money
It begins and ends with money. It's absurd in this day and age when we need so much money for education, health, for people, that a $100 million dollars can be spent on a film. It's obscene.;Kathleen Turner;money
I could easily exist on less money, but I like the way I live now.;Christina Ricci;money
But, having a perfume and license, in general, is a financial necessity. A designer must, to reap back the money spent on prototypes and all that sort of thing.;Vivienne Westwood;money
I don't feel comfortable defending my clothes. But if you've got the money to afford them, then buy something from me. Just don't buy too much.;Vivienne Westwood;money
I'll come to any benefit if I see SCLC get all the money.;Mahalia Jackson;money
Money is everywhere but so is poetry. What we lack are the poets.;Federico Fellini;money
The GAO just released a report that said 22 percent of federal programs fail to meet their objectives. The truth is we don't know how taxpayer money is spent in Washington, D.C., which is why I think we ought to put every agency budget up on the Internet for everyone to see.;Carly Fiorina;money
We need more transparency and accountability in government so that people know how their money is being spent. That means putting budgets online, putting legislation online.;Carly Fiorina;money
Well I think money has been going into political campaigns for a very long time.;Carly Fiorina;money
If you have a line of business - I know this as a CEO - or if you have a teenager - I know this as a parent - who have a spending problem, what do you do? You quit giving them money.;Carly Fiorina;money
Nobody wants to read about the honest lawyer down the street who does real estate loans and wills. If you want to sell books, you have to write about the interesting lawyers - the guys who steal all the money and take off. That's the fun stuff.;John Grisham;money
It would be nice if the poor were to get even half of the money that is spent in studying them.;Bill Vaughan;money
The thing that fascinates me is that the way I came to film and television is extinct. Then there were gatekeepers, it was prohibitively expensive to make a film, to be a director you had to be an entrepreneur to raise money.;Tom Hooper;money
I mean, being a child was being a child, was being a creature without power, without pocket money, without escape routes of any kind. So I didn't want to be a child.;Maurice Sendak;money
Never ever discount the idea of marriage. Sure, someone might tell you that marriage is just a piece of paper. Well, so is money, and what's more life-affirming than cold, hard cash?;Dennis Miller;money
Qaddafi is hated because he is the leader of a small country that is rich, but he uses his money to finance liberation struggles.;Louis Farrakhan;money
Just put down 9/11... I think, on most things I'm liberal, except on defending ourselves and keeping half the money. Those things I'm kind of conservative on.;Dennis Miller;money
Big money is ruining the political system.;Arlen Specter;money
I mean, anything that money can be made off will never be a problem to make, no matter what it is.;John Malkovich;money
Unlike my grandfather or my brother, I've actually been able to make some money at a racetrack.;John Malkovich;money
And we've got to ask ourselves some very serious questions as to whether or not certain religious leaders, in terms of raising money - I hate to bring this up - are pushing hot buttons.;Tony Campolo;money
In troubled times the last thing you want to do is to stick your money into a film. It's such a gamble.;Robert Carlyle;money
Getting the government to put money into social programs run by religious institutions is a practice that started during the Clinton years, when Bill Clinton advocated the AmeriCorps program.;Tony Campolo;money
Money won is twice as sweet as money earned.;Paul Newman;money
Money is always on its way somewhere. What you do with it while it is in your keeping and the direction you send it in say much about you. Your treatment of and respect for money, how you make it, and how you spend it, reflect your character.;Gary Ryan Blair;money
Hip-hop don't have no fresh energy, none at all. It's money driven, everybody tryin' to make that cheque, nobody putting art in their albums any more.;Andre Benjamin;money
Advertising: the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.;Stephen Leacock;money
If I had been on 'Bowling for Dollars,' I'd wind up owing them money.;Ricki Lake;money
Because primarily of the power of the Internet, people of modest means can band together and amass vast sums of money that can change the world for some public good if they all agree.;William J. Clinton;money
People may take a job for more money, but they often leave it for more recognition.;Bob Nelson;money
I was very fortunate that I saved my money and I still do.;Rod Stewart;money
The only thing money gives you is the freedom of not worrying about money.;Johnny Carson;money
There is nothing so habit-forming as money.;Don Marquis;money
We pay for the mistakes of our ancestors, and it seems only fair that they should leave us the money to pay with.;Don Marquis;money
We had access to too much money, too much equipment, and little by little, we went insane.;Francis Ford Coppola;money
If I feel strongly, I say it. I know I can do more good by being vocal than by staying quiet. I'd have a whole lot more money if I lied, but I wouldn't enjoy spending it.;Martina Navratilova;money
As long as I can make lots of money in other businesses, I'll continue to subsidize my own work.;Francis Ford Coppola;money
At the end of the day, money is just a proxy for votes. That is what makes politics so vulnerable to social media.;Sean Parker;money
Time will take your money, but money won't buy time.;James Taylor;money
I was never sloppy with other people's money. Only my own. Because I figure, well, you can be.;Francis Ford Coppola;money
To avoid ignorance and bullying, I've had to hide the fact that I'm a troll. You have no idea how much time and money I've spent on electrolysis and hair dye and reconstructive surgery so I can look like this.;Jon Cryer;money
I'm very unstable there's no stability in a musician's life at all. You live on a bus or on the road hand to mouth and you don't know where your money's coming from.;James Taylor;money
Photography is more about money now but then so are most things.;David Bailey;money
In New York, everyone's desperate for success, desperate for money and desperate to be accepted, but in London they're more laid back about things like that.;David Bailey;money
The inequalities are greater now than in '92. Some states have equalized per-pupil spending but they set the 'equal level' very low, so that wealthy districts simply raise extra money privately.;Jonathan Kozol;money
Neither money nor position can atone to me for low birth.;Anthony Trollope;money
London changes because of money. It's real estate. If they can build some offices or expensive apartments they will, it's money that changes everything in a city.;David Bailey;money
What is there that money will not do?;Anthony Trollope;money
You cannot drive a system that's going to be aiming at preventing illness if everyone is not in it. The whole gaming of health insurance and health care in America is based on that fundamental principle: insure people who aren't sick and you don't have to pay more money on them.;Mehmet Oz;money
