We now accept the fact that learning is a lifelong process of keeping abreast of change. And the most pressing task is to teach people how to learn.;Peter Drucker;change
The simplest questions are the most profound. Where were you born? Where is your home? Where are you going? What are you doing? Think about these once in a while and watch your answers change.;Richard Bach;change
Early in life I had to choose between honest arrogance and hypocritical humility. I chose the former and have seen no reason to change.;Frank Lloyd Wright;change
The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.;Soren Kierkegaard;change
What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself.;Abraham Maslow;change
Time heals griefs and quarrels, for we change and are no longer the same persons. Neither the offender nor the offended are any more themselves.;Blaise Pascal;change
Favor comes because for a brief moment in the great space of human change and progress some general human purpose finds in him a satisfactory embodiment.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;change
If I want to knock a story off the front page, I just change my hairstyle.;Hillary Clinton;change
Only God who made us can touch us and change us and save us from ourselves.;Billy Graham;change
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.;Peter Drucker;change
The challenges of change are always hard. It is important that we begin to unpack those challenges that confront this nation and realize that we each have a role that requires us to change and become more responsible for shaping our own future.;Hillary Clinton;change
Sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.;Keri Russell;change
My friends, love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic. And we'll change the world.;Jack Layton;change
Try to realize it's all within yourself no one else can make you change, and to see you're only very small and life flows on within you and without you.;George Harrison;change
I think it's naive to pray for world peace if we're not going to change the form in which we live.;Godfrey Reggio;change
Science fiction is any idea that occurs in the head and doesn't exist yet, but soon will, and will change everything for everybody, and nothing will ever be the same again. As soon as you have an idea that changes some small part of the world you are writing science fiction. It is always the art of the possible, never the impossible.;Ray Bradbury;change
It is absolutely impossible to transcend the laws of nature. What can change in historically different circumstances is only the form in which these laws expose themselves.;Karl Marx;change
No one can persuade another to change. Each of us guards a gate of change that can only be opened from the inside. We cannot open the gate of another, either by argument or emotional appeal.;Marilyn Ferguson;change
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.;Leonardo da Vinci;change
Countries such as the U.S. and Britain have taken it upon themselves to decide for us in the developing world, even to interfere in our domestic affairs and to bring about what they call regime change.;Robert Mugabe;change
People are always looking for the single magic bullet that will totally change everything. There is no single magic bullet.;Temple Grandin;change
Each child is an adventure into a better life - an opportunity to change the old pattern and make it new.;Hubert H. Humphrey;change
It is change, continuing change, inevitable change, that is the dominant factor in society today. No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be.;Isaac Asimov;change
Why does a woman work ten years to change a man's habits and then complain that he's not the man she married?;Barbra Streisand;change
We are not victims of aging, sickness and death. These are part of scenery, not the seer, who is immune to any form of change. This seer is the spirit, the expression of eternal being.;Deepak Chopra;change
A change in the weather is sufficient to recreate the world and ourselves.;Marcel Proust;change
We must all obey the great law of change. It is the most powerful law of nature.;Edmund Burke;change
Revolution, n. In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.;Ambrose Bierce;change
In too many instances, the march to globalization has also meant the marginalization of women and girls. And that must change.;Hillary Clinton;change
Often times when you face such an overwhelming challenge as global climate change, it can be somewhat daunting - it's kind of like trying to lose weight, which I know something about.;Hillary Clinton;change
I'm one of those people who thinks that changing one's hair is the only part of the body that you can change at will.;Hillary Clinton;change
I think music is the greatest art form that exists, and I think people listen to music for different reasons, and it serves different purposes. Some of it is background music, and some of it is things that might affect a person's day, if not their life, or change an attitude. The best songs are the ones that make you feel something.;Eddie Vedder;change
Dynamism is a function of change.;Hillary Clinton;change
On some campuses, change is effected through nonviolent or even violent means.;Hillary Clinton;change
Vision without action is merely a dream. Action without vision just passes the time. Vision with action can change the world.;Joel A. Barker;change
I am an optimist because I want to change things for the better and I know that blood has to be spilled and disharmony and cruelty are necessary to do that.;Henry Rollins;change
It's good for everyone to understand that they are to love their enemies, simply because your enemies show you things about yourself you need to change. So in actuality enemies are friends in reverse.;Gary Busey;change
All conservatism is based upon the idea that if you leave things alone you leave them as they are. But you do not. If you leave a thing alone you leave it to a torrent of change.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;change
Company cultures are like country cultures. Never try to change one. Try, instead, to work with what you've got.;Peter Drucker;change
Policies are many, Principles are few, Policies will change, Principles never do.;John C. Maxwell;change
I don't believe in the after life, although I am bringing a change of underwear.;Woody Allen;change
Isn't life a series of images that change as they repeat themselves?;Andy Warhol;change
Forget about the consequences of failure. Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success.;Denis Waitley;change
Man needs, for his happiness, not only the enjoyment of this or that, but hope and enterprise and change.;Bertrand Russell;change
As a rock star, I have two instincts, I want to have fun, and I want to change the world. I have a chance to do both.;Bono;change
It is evident that skepticism, while it makes no actual change in man, always makes him feel better.;Ambrose Bierce;change
If we go on the way we have, the fault is our greed and if we are not willing to change, we will disappear from the face of the globe, to be replaced by the insect.;Jacques Yves Cousteau;change
The 'self-image' is the key to human personality and human behavior. Change the self image and you change the personality and the behavior.;Maxwell Maltz;change
You are educated. Your certification is in your degree. You may think of it as the ticket to the good life. Let me ask you to think of an alternative. Think of it as your ticket to change the world.;Tom Brokaw;change
I don't know that love changes. People change. Circumstances change.;Nicholas Sparks;change
A heart well prepared for adversity in bad times hopes, and in good times fears for a change in fortune.;Horace;change
The only difference between me and others is that they think they can change something with cute little poems, nice cards or embracing trees and being nice to little lapdogs.;Henry Rollins;change
Since change is constant, you wonder if people crave death because it's the only way they can get anything really finished.;Chuck Palahniuk;change
Goals allow you to control the direction of change in your favor.;Brian Tracy;change
If you want to know the taste of a pear, you must change the pear by eating it yourself. If you want to know the theory and methods of revolution, you must take part in revolution. All genuine knowledge originates in direct experience.;Mao Zedong;change
I think women should start to embrace their age. What's the alternative to getting older? You die. I can't change the day I was born. But I can take care of my skin, my body, my mind, and try to live my life and be happy.;Olivia Munn;change
A State without the means of some change is without the means of its conservation.;Edmund Burke;change
Those issues are biblical issues: to care for the sick, to feed the hungry, to stand up for the oppressed. I contend that if the evangelical community became more biblical, everything would change.;Tony Campolo;change
Happy he who learns to bear what he cannot change.;Friedrich Schiller;change
If you don't change your beliefs, your life will be like this forever. Is that good news?;W. Somerset Maugham;change
A great attitude does much more than turn on the lights in our worlds it seems to magically connect us to all sorts of serendipitous opportunities that were somehow absent before the change.;Earl Nightingale;change
That last day does not bring extinction to us, but change of place.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;change
It becomes more necessary to see the truth as it is if you realize that the only vehicle for change are these people who have lost their personality.;Steven Biko;change
Taste may change, but inclination never.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;change
Heat of blood makes young people change their inclinations often, and habit makes old ones keep to theirs a great while.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;change
Characters do not change. Opinions alter, but characters are only developed.;Benjamin Disraeli;change
We say keep your change, we'll keep our God, our guns, our constitution.;Sarah Palin;change
If you want to be certain, you should never get married. You should never change jobs. In fact, you might as well just stay home. Because I don't know anybody who is certain. That need to be certain is just procrastination.;Mark Burnett;change
Men do change, and change comes like a little wind that ruffles the curtains at dawn, and it comes like the stealthy perfume of wildflowers hidden in the grass.;John Steinbeck;change
The great secret that all old people share is that you really haven't changed in seventy or eighty years. Your body changes, but you don't change at all. And that, of course, causes great confusion.;Doris Lessing;change
A sense of blessedness comes from a change of heart, not from more blessings.;Mason Cooley;change
That sort of half sigh, which, accompanied by two or three slight nods of the head, is pity's small change in general society.;Charles Dickens;change
The future is not Big Government. Self-serving politicians. Powerful bureaucrats. This has been tried, tested throughout history. The result has always been disaster. President Obama, your agenda is not new. It's not change, and it's not hope.;Rush Limbaugh;change
Integrity is not a conditional word. It doesn't blow in the wind or change with the weather. It is your inner image of yourself, and if you look in there and see a man who won't cheat, then you know he never will.;John D. MacDonald;change
My play Safe Sex was picked apart because critics thought it was untrue. It was a play in which no one had AIDS, but the characters talked about how it was going to change their lives.;Harvey Fierstein;change
Civilization exists by geological consent, subject to change without notice.;Will Durant;change
What looks absolutely fabulous in rehearsal can fall flat in front of an audience. The audience dictates what you do or don't change.;Harvey Fierstein;change
All the principles of heaven and earth are living inside you. Life itself is truth, and this will never change. Everything in heaven and earth breathes. Breath is the thread that ties creation together.;Morihei Ueshiba;change
A conception not reducible to the small change of daily experience is like a currency not exchangeable for articles of consumption it is not a symbol, but a fraud.;George Santayana;change
The Roman Catholic Church isn't going to change its theologies.;Robert H. Schuller;change
People can cry much easier than they can change.;James A. Baldwin;change
Both tears and sweat are salty, but they render a different result. Tears will get you sympathy sweat will get you change.;Jesse Jackson;change
I can be almost terminally grief-stricken because things are so dire, but at the same time, there's a real lightheartedness about just the recoverability of life, of how things change, how they're not the same, ever again.;Alice Walker;change
No art can be noble which is incapable of expressing thought, and no art is capable of expressing thought which does not change.;John Ruskin;change
There's no reason to change what you are, but if you're not being you, then you need to acknowledge that.;Marilyn Manson;change
Excuses change nothing, but make everyone feel better.;Mason Cooley;change
Any change is resisted because bureaucrats have a vested interest in the chaos in which they exist.;Richard M. Nixon;change
Know what's weird? Day by day, nothing seems to change. But pretty soon, everything's different.;Bill Watterson;change
Growing up going to Christian school and the concept that you're born a sinner and you don't really have a choice to change who you are has been hammered into my head and created the entire reason why I made art and made a band and made records called 'Antichrist Superstar.';Marilyn Manson;change
In the long term we can hope that religion will change the nature of man and reduce conflict. But history is not encouraging in this respect. The bloodiest wars in history have been religious wars.;Richard M. Nixon;change
To live is to change, and to be perfect is to have changed often.;John Henry Newman;change
In Britain, like most of the developed world, stem-cell research is regarded as a great opportunity. America will be left behind if it doesn't change policy.;Stephen Hawking;change
I haven't got the slightest idea how to change people, but still I keep a long list of prospective candidates just in case I should ever figure it out.;David Sedaris;change
As life runs on, the road grows strange with faces new - and near the end. The milestones into headstones change, Neath every one a friend.;James Russell Lowell;change
One of the many things nobody ever tells you about middle age is that it's such a nice change from being young.;William Feather;change
Satire doesn't effect change.;P. J. O'Rourke;change
There are plenty of problems in the world, and doubtless climate change - or whatever the currently voguish phrase for it all is - certainly is one of them. But it's low on my list.;P. J. O'Rourke;change
All change is bad. But sometimes it has to be done.;P. J. O'Rourke;change
Such is the state of life, that none are happy but by the anticipation of change: the change itself is nothing when we have made it, the next wish is to change again.;Samuel Johnson;change
