With women, I've got a long bamboo pole with a leather loop on the end. I slip the loop around their necks so they can't get away or come too close. Like catching snakes.;Marlon Brando;women
I hope that women everywhere will wear this jewelry and feel the passion and love that is, to me, the real spirit of True Harmony.;Carol Alt;women
Just as everybody has the vote including women, I think children should, because as a child is conscious of itself then it has to me an existence and has a stake in what happens.;Gertrude Stein;women
I think women are really good at making friends and not good at networking. Men are good at networking and not necessarily making friends. That's a gross generalization, but I think it holds in many ways.;Madeleine Albright;women
I have said this many times, that there seems to be enough room in the world for mediocre men, but not for mediocre women, and we really have to work very, very hard.;Madeleine Albright;women
I separated from the Southern Baptists when they adopted the discriminatory attitude towards women, because I believe what Paul taught in Galatians that there is no distinction in God's eyes between men and women, slaves and masters, Jews and non-Jews - everybody is created equally in the eyes of God.;Jimmy Carter;women
I go out with white women. This makes a lot of people unhappy, mostly black women.;Dennis Rodman;women
It is women who bear the race in bloody agony. Suffering is a kind of horror. Blood is a kind of horror. Women are born with horror in their very bloodstream. It is a biological thing.;Bela Lugosi;women
To be outspoken, or different at all, is a problem for women.;Megan Fox;women
When the British came to Ibo land, for instance, at the beginning of the 20th century, and defeated the men in pitched battles in different places, and set up their administrations, the men surrendered. And it was the women who led the first revolt.;Chinua Achebe;women
The history of progress is written in the blood of men and women who have dared to espouse an unpopular cause, as, for instance, the black man's right to his body, or woman's right to her soul.;Emma Goldman;women
People love talking about when they were young and heard Honky Tonk Women for the first time. It's quite a heavy load to carry on your shoulders, the memories of so many people.;Mick Jagger;women
I have crushes on women all the time. I don't have intimate relationships with them, but I find women beautiful.;Adam Lambert;women
Women are the real reason we get up every day. I'm talking about real men. If there were no women, I would not even have to bathe, because why would I care? These are guys I'm hanging with. I wake up for a woman every day of my life to make it happen for her.;Steve Harvey;women
When you see what some women marry, you realize how they must hate to work for a living.;Helen Rowland;women
It was easy to persecute me without people feeling ashamed. It was easy to vilify me and project me as a woman who was not following the tradition of a 'good African woman' and as a highly educated elitist who was trying to show innocent African women ways of doing things that were not acceptable to African men.;Wangari Maathai;women
I don't know how it is for women or for other guys, but when I was young and in my 20s, I had a fear of marriage.;Jeff Bridges;women
Whether you're throwing up or breaking up, you want your girlfriend right there! I don't trust women who don't go to their girlfriends.;Drew Barrymore;women
I love women. I'm trying to do beautiful things with them. I'm not trying to insult them. My life is not about that.;Calvin Klein;women
Women's Wear Daily can do more than any other publication to establish a designer.;Calvin Klein;women
I don't mind a dirty girl. But what I find tragic is when we, as women, become not the subject of our own story but someone else's object.;Tori Amos;women
Men cannot count, they do not know that two and two make four if women do not tell them so.;Gertrude Stein;women
The lover of life makes the whole world into his family, just as the lover of the fair sex creates his from all the lovely women he has found, from those that could be found, and those who are impossible to find.;Charles Baudelaire;women
And so, whether they came here on the Mayflower, on a slave ship, or on an airplane from Havana, we are all descendants of the men and women who built here the nation that saved the world.;Marco Rubio;women
Women have to be active listeners and interrupters - but when you interrupt, you have to know what you are talking about.;Madeleine Albright;women
No, men and women of the Irish race, we shall not fight for England. We shall fight for the destruction of the British Empire and the construction of an Irish republic.;James Larkin;women
My decision to register women confirms what is already obvious throughout our society-that women are now providing all types of skills in every profession. The military should be no exception.;Jimmy Carter;women
Please know that I am aware of the hazards. I want to do it because I want to do it. Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail, their failure must be a challenge to others.;Amelia Earhart;women
If we took away women's right to vote, we'd never have to worry about another Democrat president.;Ann Coulter;women
I think all women in Hollywood are known as sex symbols. That's what our purpose is in this business. You're merchandised, you're a product. You're sold and it's based on sex. But that's okay. I think women should be empowered by that, not degraded.;Megan Fox;women
I think that women who know who they are are beautiful.;Demi Lovato;women
I'm trying to build a strong business. I want to create new stars, new shows and new products for my audience and create a legacy that outlives me. There are so many other ways I want to reach women besides doing a talk show.;Tyra Banks;women
As it turns out, social scientists have established only one fact about single women's mental health: employment improves it.;Susan Faludi;women
I'm not a competitive person, and I think women like me because they don't think I'm competitive, just nice.;Barbara Bush;women
Suddenly women's lib had made me feel my life had been wasted.;Barbara Bush;women
Men, as well as women, are much oftener led by their hearts than by their understandings.;Lord Chesterfield;women
Gaming in general is a male thing. It isn't that gaming is designed to exclude women. Everybody who's tried to design a game to interest a large female audience has failed. And I think that has to do with the different thinking processes of men and women.;Gary Gygax;women
At present, our country needs women's idealism and determination, perhaps more in politics than anywhere else.;Shirley Chisholm;women
If there's specific resistance to women making movies, I just choose to ignore that as an obstacle for two reasons: I can't change my gender, and I refuse to stop making movies.;Kathryn Bigelow;women
Women do not have as great a need for poetry because their own essence is poetry.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;women
A sexual revolution begins with the emancipation of women, who are the chief victims of patriarchy, and also with the ending of homosexual oppression.;Kate Millett;women
And as a character, what I found very inspiring about playing Dharma, especially at that time, is that the women on television were more neurotic than they were free. And I thought, this is a rare bird and this is unique on television and I think it's really refreshing.;Jenna Elfman;women
Women's natural role is to be a pillar of the family.;Grace Kelly;women
I don't think women are better than men, I think men are a lot worse than women.;Louis C. K.;women
Women complain about PMS, but I think of it as the only time of the month when I can be myself.;Roseanne Barr;women
What I've learned is you treat women right.;Tyler Perry;women
A Bachelor of Arts is one who makes love to a lot of women, and yet has the art to remain a bachelor.;Helen Rowland;women
In my ballets, woman is first. Men are consorts. God made men to sing the praises of women. They are not equal to men: They are better.;George Balanchine;women
I noticed in the past, a lot of guys who like strong women, they really freak out if you're not strong 24/7. Or they complain about you being strong, then the moment you're not strong, they're like, 'Oh, no, no, no.';Salma Hayek;women
My advice to the women of America is to raise more hell and fewer dahlias.;William Allen White;women
I am very sad for men and women trapped in any relationship where there is cruelty, dominance, inequity. I long for the liberation of all people.;Jasmine Guy;women
It is strange that modesty is the rule for women when what they most value in men is boldness.;Ninon de L'Enclos;women
If we value what we've inherited for free - from other women - surely it's right morally and ethically for us to wake up and say, 'I'm a feminist. ';Annie Lennox;women
When I meet large women who walk with confidence and are articulate and really have an understanding of how they walk in this world, I love them so deeply for being able to overcome such unbelievable odds.;Camryn Manheim;women
I think all of us as women have this super-human quality. We create life, we give life, we are the sources of life for our children - we're all pretty bionic.;Christina Aguilera;women
I definitely love women. They are more attractive to the naked eye.;Christina Aguilera;women
Women love working together. That's my experience anyway.;Shirley MacLaine;women
All German women are beautiful.;Heidi Klum;women
My favorite play in drama school was 'The Bacchae.' It's about a king who literally gets eaten alive by all the women in the play in a kind of orgy - it's related to the word 'bacchanal' - and I loved that idea of animalistic chaos and following our own desires.;Hugh Jackman;women
Obamacare has got everyone on edge. I mean, small business - men and women or big business are sitting out there saying we have no idea what this is going to cost, but we know it's going to cost us and cost us a lot.;Rick Perry;women
The violence betwen women is unbelievable. Women try to make each other crawl so that their knees are bleeding.;Tori Amos;women
My father has a pragmatic mind. He marched with Dr. King in the '60s, and he's very much for women's rights.;Tori Amos;women
There is a phenomenal amount of pressure on women in this industry: they are considered vintage by the time they hit their mid-30s.;Tori Amos;women
There are older men with younger women but you don't see a lot of older women with younger men. There are some women who have been able to do it but not often.;Tori Amos;women
Italian men do appreciate beautiful women. They're not afraid of the beauty, which is nice.;Eva Herzigova;women
I always believed that women have rights and that there are some women that are intelligent enough to claim those rights. There are some others that are stupid enough not to.;Shakira;women
There are three roads to ruin women, gambling and technicians. The most pleasant is with women, the quickest is with gambling, but the surest is with technicians.;Georges Pompidou;women
Women stand for the objective world for a man. They stand for the thing that you're not and that's what you always reach for in a song.;Leonard Cohen;women
Many differences are rooted in biology and reinforced through culture, so it's important to acknowledge that. Because if you say men and women are the same and if male behaviour is the norm, and women are always expected to act like men, we will never be as good at being men as men are.;Dee Dee Myers;women
Men who love their mothers treat women wonderfully. And they have enormous respect for women.;Ellen Barkin;women
Men think about women. Women think about what men think about them.;Peter Ustinov;women
If this world is going to be a better place for our grandchildren and great-grandchildren, it will be women who make it so.;Isabel Allende;women
More countries have understood that women's equality is a prerequisite for development.;Kofi Annan;women
The problem is, women have stopped setting the bar high.;Steve Harvey;women
How can smart women be so stupid about men sometimes? Lack of knowledge. It's what men have kept secret for so long.;Steve Harvey;women
Most women's magazines simply try to mold women into bigger and better consumers.;Gloria Steinem;women
I did a women's movie, and I'm not a woman. I did a gay movie, and I'm not gay. I learned as I went along.;Ang Lee;women
Avon is a unique place to work we've got family-friendly policies. We have more senior women in high-level management than any other company 46 percent of our officers are women.;Andrea Jung;women
The freedom that women were supposed to have found in the Sixties largely boiled down to easy contraception and abortion things to make life easier for men, in fact.;Julie Burchill;women
Black women sharing close ties with each other, politically or emotionally, are not the enemies of Black men.;Audre Lorde;women
Middle-aged women have greater stability, they are more loyal, and their capacity for steady work is greater than that of younger women.;Kate Smith;women
This is pure speculation, but for a period of time, a lot of getting into a party was through fundraising and volunteer work, and Republican women had more time to do that than democratic women, who were out there getting jobs.;Madeleine Albright;women
I didn't know my mother had it. I think a lot of women don't know their mothers had it that's the sad thing about depression. You know, you don't function anymore. You shut down. You feel like you are in a void.;Marie Osmond;women
But I do not believe that the world would be entirely different if there were more women leaders. Maybe if everybody in leadership was a woman, you might not get into the conflicts in the first place. But if you watch the women who have made it to the top, they haven't exactly been non-aggressive - including me.;Madeleine Albright;women
Men always fall for frigid women because they put on the best show.;Fanny Brice;women
Women can't do everything at the same time, we need to understand milestones in our lives comes in segments.;Madeleine Albright;women
Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail their failure must be but a challenge to others.;Amelia Earhart;women
The fact that the church is convinced of not having the right to confer priestly ordination on women is now considered by some as irreconcilable with the European Constitution.;Joseph Ratzinger;women
That's the nature of women, not to love when we love them, and to love when we love them not.;Miguel de Cervantes;women
The runway symbolizes something in society that's very intimidating to women.;Tyra Banks;women
Some women can't say the word lesbian... even when their mouth is full of one.;Kate Clinton;women
A study in the Washington Post says that women have better verbal skills than men. I just want to say to the authors of that study: 'Duh.';Conan O'Brien;women
Women have been taught that, for us, the earth is flat, and that if we venture out, we will fall off the edge. Some of us have ventured out nevertheless, and so far we have not fallen off. It is my faith, my feminist faith, that we will not.;Andrea Dworkin;women
The only genuine elite is the elite of those men and women who gave their lives to justice and charity.;Sargent Shriver;women
The road to success is filled with women pushing their husbands along.;Thomas R. Dewar;women
On the political front, of course it's a zero-sum game. If it's all white males holding positions, you bring 10 women in, then it's, 'Women are coming!' Get 10 blacks and it's, 'Blacks are coming!' 'Hispanics are coming!' Zero-sum game. The seatmates might change but the chairs don't move. In the economy, the number of chairs can actually increase.;Jesse Jackson;women
Women are treated as unjustly in poetry as in life. The feminine ones are not idealistic, and the idealistic not feminine.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;women
I am a writer who happens to love women. I am not a lesbian who happens to write.;Jeanette Winterson;women
All women are misfits. We do not fit into this world without amputations.;Marge Piercy;women
