To know God better is only to realize how impossible it is that we should ever know him at all. I know not which is more childish to deny him, or define him.;Samuel Butler;god
God as now generally conceived of is only the last witch.;Samuel Butler;god
He has spent his life best who has enjoyed it most. God will take care that we do not enjoy it any more than is good for us.;Samuel Butler;god
Man finds it hard to get what he wants, because he does not want the best God finds it hard to give, because He would give the best, and man will not take it.;George MacDonald;god
The course of this conflict is not known, yet its outcome is certain. Freedom and fear, justice and cruelty, have always been at war, and we know that God is not neutral between them.;George W. Bush;god
Your best friend and worst enemy are both in this room right now. It's not your neighbor right or left - and it's not God or the devil - it's you.;Edwin Louis Cole;god
The romantic love we feel toward the opposite sex is probably one extra help from God to bring you together, but that's it. All the rest of it, the true love, is the test.;Joan Chen;god
A science which does not bring us nearer to God is worthless.;Simone Weil;god
I wished to God the doctor had handed me a pamphlet that said, 'Hey, sorry about the autism, but here's a step-by-step list on what to do next.' But doctors don't do that. They say 'sorry' and move you along.;Jenny McCarthy;god
God exists, if only in the form of a meme with high survival value, or infective power, in the environment provided by human culture.;Richard Dawkins;god
I like people and I like them to like me, but I wear my heart where God put it, on the inside.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;god
God's voice is still and quiet and easily buried under an avalanche of clamour.;Charles Stanley;god
One person who has mastered life is better than a thousand persons who have mastered only the contents of books, but no one can get anything out of life without God.;Meister Eckhart;god
Me shooting 40% at the foul line is just God's way to say nobody's perfect.;Shaquille O'Neal;god
God is not upset that Gandhi was not a Christian, because God is not a Christian! All of God's children and their different faiths help us to realize the immensity of God.;Desmond Tutu;god
God never ends anything on a negative God always ends on a positive.;Edwin Louis Cole;god
God is like the sun. When the sun shines, it shines for everyone. God is for everyone.;Ziggy Marley;god
A God without dominion, providence, and final causes, is nothing else but fate and nature.;Alexander Pope;god
I don't believe in God but I'm very interested in her.;Arthur C. Clarke;god
I always distrust people who know so much about what God wants them to do to their fellows.;Susan B. Anthony;god
There is greatness in the fear of God, contentment in faith of God, and honour in humility.;Abu Bakr;god
It is not all bad, this getting old, ripening. After the fruit has got its growth it should juice up and mellow. God forbid I should live long enough to ferment and rot and fall to the ground in a squash.;Josh Billings;god
God gave us faculties for our use each of them will receive its proper reward. Then do not let us try to charm them to sleep, but permit them to do their work until divinely called to something higher.;Saint Teresa of Avila;god
Where lipstick is concerned, the important thing is not color, but to accept God's final word on where your lips end.;Jerry Seinfeld;god
God, to me, it seems, is a verb not a noun, proper or improper.;R. Buckminster Fuller;god
Faith is not believing that God can. It is knowing that God will.;Ben Stein;god
All are but parts of one stupendous whole, Whose body Nature is, and God the soul.;Alexander Pope;god
Nature and nature's laws lay hid in the night. God said, Let Newton be! and all was light!;Alexander Pope;god
It were better to have no opinion of God at all than such a one as is unworthy of him for the one is only belief - the other contempt.;Plutarch;god
I've always believed in God. I also think that's the sort of thing that either comes as part of the equipment, the capacity to believe, or at some point in your life, when you're in a position where you actually need help from a power greater than yourself, you simply make an agreement.;Stephen King;god
God, I can push the grass apart and lay my finger on Thy heart.;Edna St. Vincent Millay;god
Poetry is something to make us wiser and better, by continually revealing those types of beauty and truth, which God has set in all men's souls.;James Russell Lowell;god
God made me fast. And when I run, I feel His pleasure.;Eric Liddell;god
One day I promised God that if he would give me my voice back I would never smoke again. I got three octaves back after quitting.;Mariah Carey;god
If you don't do your part, don't blame God.;Billy Sunday;god
I thank God I was raised Catholic, so sex will always be dirty.;John Waters;god
Sex is God's joke on human beings.;Bette Davis;god
It is the creative potential itself in human beings that is the image of God.;Mary Daly;god
To have God speak to the heart is a majestic experience, an experience that people may miss if they monopolize the conversation and never pause to hear God's responses.;Charles Stanley;god
God created man in His own image, says the Bible philosophers reverse the process: they create God in theirs.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;god
It does not require great learning to be a Christian and be convinced of the truth of the Bible. It requires only an honest heart and a willingness to obey God.;Albert Barnes;god
Jesus does not give recipes that show the way to God as other teachers of religion do. He is himself the way.;Karl Barth;god
Blessed are they who have the gift of making friends, for it is one of God's best gifts. It involves many things, but above all, the power of going out of one's self, and appreciating whatever is noble and loving in another.;Thomas Hughes;god
Golf... is the infallible test. The man who can go into a patch of rough alone, with the knowledge that only God is watching him, and play his ball where it lies, is the man who will serve you faithfully and well.;P. G. Wodehouse;god
I can't understand people calling themselves religious and being hateful. If a preacher is preaching hate, to fear God that's not religion, that's not helping humanity, that's organizing an army to defeat somebody.;Mojo Nixon;god
I have long known that it is part of God's plan for me to spend a little time with each of the most stupid people on earth.;Bill Bryson;god
One kills a man, one is an assassin one kills millions, one is a conqueror one kills everybody, one is a god.;Jean Rostand;god
The religious idea of God cannot do full duty for the metaphysical infinity.;Alan Watts;god
The sound of 'gentle stillness' after all the thunder and wind have passed will the ultimate Word from God.;Jim Elliot;god
Whatever I will become will be what God has chosen for me.;Elvis Presley;god
Pregnancy is a kind of miracle. Especially so in that it proves that a man and woman can conspire to force God to create a new soul.;Robert Anton Wilson;god
I used to think like Moses. That knocked me down for a couple years and put me in prison. Then I start thinking like Job. Job waited and became the wealthiest and richest man ever 'cause he believed in God.;James Brown;god
I tell myself that God gave my children many gifts - spirit, beauty, intelligence, the capacity to make friends and to inspire respect. There was only one gift he held back - length of life.;Rose Kennedy;god
The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an ice-cream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free.;Ray Manzarek;god
An honest man's the noblest work of God.;Alexander Pope;god
An honest God is the noblest work of man.;Robert Green Ingersoll;god
Out of chaos God made a world, and out of high passions comes a people.;Lord Byron;god
Everything we do should be a result of our gratitude for what God has done for us.;Lauryn Hill;god
Every player should be accorded the privilege of at least one season with the Chicago Cubs. That's baseball as it should be played - in God's own sunshine. And that's really living.;Alvin Dark;god
I had a million questions to ask God: but when I met Him, they all fled my mind and it didn't seem to matter.;Christopher Morley;god
All of us are guinea pigs in the laboratory of God. Humanity is just a work in progress.;Tennessee Williams;god
May the God of your choice bless and keep you. I respect Him as long as He does not circumcise me anymore.;Kinky Friedman;god
Some of us can be examples about going ahead and growing, and some of us, unfortunately, don't make it there, and end up being examples because they had to die. I hit rock bottom, but thank God my bottom wasn't death.;Stevie Ray Vaughan;god
We were born to die and we die to live. As seedlings of God, we barely blossom on earth we fully flower in heaven.;Russell M. Nelson;god
God's finger touched him, and he slept.;Alfred Lord Tennyson;god
God gives the nuts, but he does not crack them.;Franz Kafka;god
If God only used perfect people, nothing would get done. God will use anybody if you're available.;Rick Warren;god
Everyone who understands the nature of God rightly necessarily knows that God is to be believed and hoped in, that he is to be loved and called upon, and to be heard in all things.;William Ames;god
In the Lord's Prayer, the first petition is for daily bread. No one can worship God or love his neighbor on an empty stomach.;Woodrow Wilson;god
The confidence in another man's virtue is no light evidence of a man's own, and God willingly favors such a confidence.;Michel de Montaigne;god
It is better to go skiing and think of God, than go to church and think of sport.;Fridtjof Nansen;god
Grieve not, then, if your sons seem to desert you, but rejoice, rather, seeing the will of God done gladly.;Jim Elliot;god
The God who existed before any religion counts on you to make the oneness of the human family known and celebrated.;Desmond Tutu;god
And I've come to the place where I believe that there's no way to solve these problems, these issues - there's nothing that we can do that will solve the problems that we have and keep the peace, unless we solve it through God, unless we solve it in being our highest self. And that's a pretty tall order.;Glenn Beck;god
Blessed are the people whose leaders can look destiny in the eye without flinching but also without attempting to play God.;Henry A. Kissinger;god
Hope is like peace. It is not a gift from God. It is a gift only we can give one another.;Elie Wiesel;god
Your faithfulness makes you trustworthy to God.;Edwin Louis Cole;god
Put your mind on the gospel. And remember - there's one God for all.;Mahalia Jackson;god
My gut feelings and my faith tell me that until God shuts a door, no human can shut it.;Olusegun Obasanjo;god
There is only one thing that a man really wants to do, all his life and that is, to find his way to his God, his Morning Star, salute his fellow man, and enjoy the woman who has come the long way with him.;David Herbert Lawrence;god
My mother used to tell me man gives the award, God gives the reward. I don't need another plaque.;Denzel Washington;god
Few nations have been so poor as to have but one god. Gods were made so easily, and the raw material cost so little, that generally the god market was fairly glutted and heaven crammed with these phantoms.;Robert Green Ingersoll;god
As to those who hoard gold and silver and spend it not in God's path, give them, then, the tidings of a painful agony: on a day when these things shall be heated in hell-fire, and their foreheads, and their sides, and their backs shall be branded therewith.;Kin Hubbard;god
No man is excluded from calling upon God, the gate of salvation is set open unto all men: neither is there any other thing which keepeth us back from entering in, save only our own unbelief.;John Calvin;god
God's dice always have a lucky roll.;Sophocles;god
Man is born passionate of body, but with an innate though secret tendency to the love of Good in his main-spring of Mind. But God help us all! It is at present a sad jar of atoms.;Lord Byron;god
I believe the Bible is the word of God from cover to cover.;Billy Sunday;god
Men judge us by the success of our efforts. God looks at the efforts themselves.;Charlotte Bronte;god
Look at the Afghans, during the time of the Soviet invasion. They were among the poorest Muslims in the world, yet they were sustained by their faith in God, and God alone.;Abu Bakar Bashir;god
He was a wise man who originated the idea of God.;Euripides;god
They went into my closets looking for skeletons, but thank God, all they found were shoes, beautiful shoes.;Imelda Marcos;god
Just as a mother finds pleasure in taking her little child on her lap, there to feed and caress him, in like manner our loving God shows His fondness for His beloved souls who have given themselves entirely to Him and have placed all their hope in His goodness.;Alphonsus Liguori;god
In my country of South Africa, we struggled for years against the evil system of apartheid that divided human beings, children of the same God, by racial classification and then denied many of them fundamental human rights.;Desmond Tutu;god
I pray to be a good servant to God, a father, a husband, a son, a friend, a brother, an uncle, a good neighbor, a good leader to those who look up to me, a good follower to those who are serving God and doing the right thing.;Mark Wahlberg;god
It is no use to grumble and complain It's just as cheap and easy to rejoice When God sorts out the weather and sends rain - Why, rain's my choice.;James Whitcomb Riley;god
I drank the silence of God from a spring in the woods.;Georg Trakl;god
Theology made no provision for evolution. The biblical authors had missed the most important revelation of all! Could it be that they were not really privy to the thoughts of God?;E. O. Wilson;god
A man is truly free, even here in this embodied state, if he knows that God is the true agent and he by himself is powerless to do anything.;Ramakrishna;god
God is not a dead equation!;Muhammad Iqbal;god
