As a kid I wanted to write science fiction, and I was never without a book. Later I really got into being a scientist and never thought I'd be writing novels.;Daniel H. Wilson;science
Science has not been successful by making up explanations of things that fit with the current social fabric.;Kary Mullis;science
Science rests on reason and experiment, and can meet an opponent with calmness but a belief is always sensitive.;James Anthony Froude;science
The man of science is nothing if not a poet gone wrong.;George Meredith;science
A successful society is characterized by a rising living standard for its population, increasing investment in factories and basic infrastructure, and the generation of additional surplus, which is invested in generating new discoveries in science and technology.;Robert Trout;science
As a child, I read science fiction, but from the very beginnings of my reading for pleasure, I read a lot of non-fictional history, particularly historical biography.;Norman Spinrad;science
I don't dare postulate about science, but I know that it takes both emotion and intellect in order for art to happen.;Lukas Foss;science
Today's recording techniques would have been regarded as science fiction forty years ago.;Tony Visconti;science
A person that much interested in science is going to neglect his social life somewhat, but not completely, because that isn't healthy either. So one has to work it out according to one's own inclinations, how one wants to proportion these things.;Clyde Tombaugh;science
Unfortunately, a lot of the concepts in the Bible are based on ancient mythology that doesn't fit the findings of science.;Clyde Tombaugh;science
I went to college at the University of Kansas, where I got a degree in political science.;Sara Paretsky;science
The virtues of science are skepticism and independence of thought.;Walter Gilbert;science
The conscious purpose of science is control of Nature its unconscious effect is disruption and chaos.;William Irwin Thompson;science
So my degree was in political science, which I think was - the closest I could come to marketing is politics.;Steve Case;science
In order for America to remain a global leader in innovation and opportunity, we must give our children a solid foundation in math and science.;Kenny Marchant;science
In the last fifty years science has advanced more than in the 2,000 previous years and given mankind greater powers over the forces of nature than the ancients ascribed to their gods.;John Boyd Orr;science
As I have tried to show, science, in producing the airplane and the wireless, has created a new international political environment to which governments must adjust their foreign policies.;John Boyd Orr;science
I was born in 1950 and watched science fiction and horror movies on TV and was always really fascinated by them.;Rick Baker;science
I do not think we are ever going to be able to, for a long time, get the kind of quality of school personnel that we need in our schools, especially in the areas of science and math. One of the answers to that problem is to use more educational technology.;Major Owens;science
Science has everything to say about what is possible. Science has nothing to say about what is permissible.;Charles Krauthammer;science
First, I think the science of monetary economics has clearly gotten better.;Martin Feldstein;science
And finally, no matter how good the science gets, there are problems that inevitably depend on judgement, on art, on a feel for financial markets.;Martin Feldstein;science
I love science fiction.;Pam Grier;science
I've tried to be a straight scientist doing the science and reporting it as best I can.;James Hansen;science
You have no time to do the science if you're talking to the media.;James Hansen;science
What has become clear from the science is that we cannot burn all of the fossil fuels without creating a very different planet.;James Hansen;science
As a microbiologist, I am particularly concerned with Mr. Bush's blatant disregard for science.;Louise Slaughter;science
At a time when science plays such a powerful role in the life of society, when the destiny of the whole of mankind may hinge on the results of scientific research, it is incumbent on all scientists to be fully conscious of that role, and conduct themselves accordingly.;Joseph Rotblat;science
But the first the general public learned about the discovery was the news of the destruction of Hiroshima by the atom bomb. A splendid achievement of science and technology had turned malign. Science became identified with death and destruction.;Joseph Rotblat;science
From my earliest days I had a passion for science.;Joseph Rotblat;science
I did not imagine that the second half of my life would be spent on efforts to avert a mortal danger to humanity created by science.;Joseph Rotblat;science
I saw science as being in harmony with humanity.;Joseph Rotblat;science
Indeed, the whole human species is endangered, by nuclear weapons or by other means of wholesale destruction which further advances in science are likely to produce.;Joseph Rotblat;science
Truth is I don't think God on a daily basis. I think politics, science.;Peter Mullan;science
When I'm not writing, I read loads of fiction, but I've been writing quite constantly lately so I've been reading a lot of nonfiction - philosophy, religion, science, history, social or cultural studies.;Irvine Welsh;science
Science is defined in various ways, but today it is generally restricted to something which is experimental, which is repeatable, which can be predicted, and which is falsifiable.;Walter Lang;science
The science is clear that there is an increase in the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere. What is not clear from the science is how much of that increase is caused by human activity and what also is not clear is what impact those increases have on the climatic cycle.;Jim Sensenbrenner;science
In science, read by preference the newest works. In literature, read the oldest. The classics are always modern.;Amy Lowell;science
Oh, I'm nerdy about science fiction and fantasy and graphic novels and reading, and I'm nerdy about board games. My favorite board game is a board game I'm working on right now. It's a game of Napoleonic era naval warfare, and it's going to be fun.;Billy Campbell;science
This is a global fight to get the right people in the right place and we're talking about people with PhDs in engineering, computer science, mathematics.;Jerry Moran;science
Certainly going back to Sherlock Holmes we have a tradition of forensic science featured in detective stories.;Jeffery Deaver;science
Weapons of mass destruction aren't pulled out of a black hat like a white rabbit at a magic show. They're produced in factories. There's science and technology involved. They're not produced in a hole in the ground or in a basement.;Scott Ritter;science
The world is my country, science is my religion.;Christiaan Huygens;science
Science is not about control. It is about cultivating a perpetual condition of wonder in the face of something that forever grows one step richer and subtler than our latest theory about it. It is about reverence, not mastery.;Richard Powers;science
I think that if the novel's task is to describe where we find ourselves and how we live now, the novelist must take a good, hard look at the most central facts of contemporary life - technology and science.;Richard Powers;science
I really like science because it seems to be that place where you get the big picture, everything connects.;Richard Powers;science
I was a science fiction junkie for a long time.;William Hurt;science
Unfortunately, Climate Science has become Political Science. It is tragic that some perhaps well-meaning but politically motivated scientists who should know better have whipped up a global frenzy about a phenomena which is statistically questionable at best.;Robert H. Austin;science
When I started in the business, there was a thing called adult fantasy, but nobody quite knew what it was, and most publishers didn't have an adult fantasy list. They had science fiction lists, which they stuck a little bit of fantasy into.;Terri Windling;science
I grew up a Red Sox fan. I grew up going to Fenway Park and the Museum of Fine Arts and the Science Museum and Symphony Hall and going to the Common, walking around. My whole family at different times lived and worked in Boston.;James Spader;science
Science fiction readers probably have the gene for novelty, and seem to enjoy a cascade of invention as much as a writer enjoys providing one.;Walter Jon Williams;science
Even if you only want to write science fiction, you should also read mysteries, poetry, mainstream literature, history, biography, philosophy, and science.;Walter Jon Williams;science
We asked ourselves and the world to base decisions on good science, and I really believe the United States can be the leader in delivering that message to our international trading partners.;Mike Johanns;science
The goal is to normalize trade relations based on sound science and consumer protection.;Mike Johanns;science
Science is the international language, so when we are able to convince countries that good decision-making for human health and animal health is based upon science, that's a real success story for us.;Mike Johanns;science
In beef trade issues, we base our decisions upon science.;Mike Johanns;science
When I was born in 1970 with a rare genetic disorder called spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita (SED), medical science wasn't what it is today and my mum and dad were treated terribly by the medical profession.;Warwick Davis;science
Beyond that, I seem to be compelled to write science fiction, rather than fantasy or mysteries or some other genre more likely to climb onto bestseller lists even though I enjoy reading a wide variety of literature, both fiction and nonfiction.;Joan D. Vinge;science
However, I wasn't very good at the sciences, or didn't have a lot of help in the sciences or something but certainly didn't set science for my A level. And when I came to take my A levels I didn't get a good enough result to go to University.;Jeremy Irons;science
I would argue that the issue of God and the issue of science have the same roots.;Dinesh D'Souza;science
The time was not yet ripe for the growth of mathematical science among us, and any development that might have taken place in that direction was rudely stopped by the civil war.;Simon Newcomb;science
One hardly knows where, in the history of science, to look for an important movement that had its effective start in so pure and simple an accident as that which led to the building of the great Washington telescope, and went on to the discovery of the satellites of Mars.;Simon Newcomb;science
It was generally believed that Catholics were not interested in arts and science graduate schools. They weren't going to be intellectuals. And so I put the theses to the test. And they all collapsed.;Andrew Greeley;science
It's such a long mission and we get to spend so much time in space... we're doing such exciting research. And I don't want to overemphasize the life science research, but as a physician the life science research that we're doing is extremely exciting.;Laurel Clark;science
Life science research can be done on multiple platforms. Since we have a very small number of people flying into space, the more people you have, the better.;Laurel Clark;science
Science, for hundreds of years, has spanned the differences between cultures and between countries.;Laurel Clark;science
Computer Science is embarrassed by the computer.;Alan Perlis;science
Art is made to disturb, science reassures.;Georges Braque;science
American high school students trail teenagers from 14 European and Asian countries in reading, math and science. We're even trailing France.;Suzanne Fields;science
Don't you see what's at stake here? The ultimate aim of all science to penetrate the unknown. Do you realize we know less about the earth we live on than about the stars and the galaxies of outer space? The greatest mystery is right here, right under our feet.;Walter Reisch;science
Science is what we understand well enough to explain to a computer. Art is everything else we do.;Donald Knuth;science
People who love science fiction really do love sex.;Susie Bright;science
I'm from the Madeleine L'Engle school. The more she delves into science, the more she knows there's a creator who's behind these amazing laws, these amazing events. The symmetry of nature, the structure and order of it.;Tom Shadyac;science
I was on the football team because I wanted to experience the different iconic social classes of high school. So football for me was an attempt to socially integrate in an interesting way. And then I didn't like it anymore and stopped doing it and focused more on drama and science and other forms of art and music.;Reggie Watts;science
I don't think immortality is necessarily the key to understanding the world. You have to be careful with what you think you're achieving. I'm all for science discovering amazing and fantastic things about our world, but I think the motivations behind it are slightly askew.;Reggie Watts;science
Science and art, or by the same token, poetry and prose differ from one another like a journey and an excursion. The purpose of the journey is its goal, the purpose of an excursion is the process.;Franz Grillparzer;science
Neither science, nor the politics in power, nor the mass media, nor business, nor the law nor even the military are in a position to define or control risks rationally.;Ulrich Beck;science
People challenge my nerd cred all the time. I just show them the photo of me winning my middle-school science fair, wearing my Casio calculator watch and eyeglasses so big they look like they can see the future.;Aisha Tyler;science
It is not enough to know your craft - you have to have feeling. Science is all very well, but for us imagination is worth far more.;Edouard Manet;science
I was sent to a finishing school, which didn't last long when mother found out how badly chaperoned we were. Then I 'came out' before going to a domestic science school.;Mary Wesley;science
I think there is a tendency in science to measure what is measurable and to decide that what you cannot measure must be uninteresting.;Donald Norman;science
It's very strange writing science fiction in a world that moves as fast as ours does.;Daniel Keys Moran;science
I really like being pregnant. Not that there aren't things I don't love, but when I think about what my body is doing - creating a child - it just blows my mind. I'm in awe of the process and science.;Emily Deschanel;science
Tact and diplomacy are fine in international relations, in politics, perhaps even in business in science only one thing matters, and that is the facts.;Hans Eysenck;science
Anthropologists are a connecting link between poets and scientists though their field-work among primitive peoples has often made them forget the language of science.;Robert Graves;science
I'm not being evasive but I am saying I'm not a scientist and I'm not directly involved in the consultation however the science must be sound, it must be agreed and the consultation must be of a high quality or no one will have any confidence in the process.;John Anderson;science
There's a science to ordering potatoes. Are they skinny shoestring or big, fat steak fries? You just have to let your taste buds guide you when deciding what to eat.;Gayle King;science
I sort of feel that climate change will be solved by science. I just feel instinctively that we will find a way of saving ourselves. But I am less confident that we won't destroy ourselves in other ways.;Richard Eyre;science
I think the reason people are dealing with science less well now than 50 years ago is that it has become so complicated.;James D. Watson;science
Science moves with the spirit of an adventure characterized both by youthful arrogance and by the belief that the truth, once found, would be simple as well as pretty.;James D. Watson;science
Science has always been my preoccupation and when you think a breakthrough is possible, it is terribly exciting.;James D. Watson;science
We're not all equal, it's simply not true. That isn't science.;James D. Watson;science
Sure, science involves trial and error. Scientists refine theories each day. But as they do, they help us grasp more clearly the wonders of the world and the universe.;Tony Snow;science
That said, ID does not qualify as science because it gives us nothing to test or measure. Science requires replicable tests involving measurable variables.;Tony Snow;science
Architecture is a science arising out of many other sciences, and adorned with much and varied learning by the help of which a judgment is formed of those works which are the result of other arts.;Marcus V. Pollio;science
Perhaps, to the uninformed, it may appear unaccountable that a man should be able to retain in his memory such a variety of learning but the close alliance with each other, of the different branches of science, will explain the difficulty.;Marcus V. Pollio;science
Harmony is an obscure and difficult musical science, but most difficult to those who are not acquainted with the Greek language because it is necessary to use many Greek words to which there are none corresponding in Latin.;Marcus V. Pollio;science
I have to do more close research and fact checking for the science fiction. This is not however to say that writing good fantasy does not involve doing good research.;Sarah Zettel;science
It is a shock to us in the twentieth century to discover, from observations science has made, that the fundamental mechanisms of life cannot be ascribed to natural selection, and therefore were designed. But we must deal with our shock as best we can and go on.;Michael Behe;science
