The honest truth is that if this government were to propose the massacre of the first-born, it would still have no difficulty in getting it through the Commons.;Diane Abbott;government
In addition to their power over government based on government financing and personal influence, bankers could steer governments in ways they wished them to go by other pressures.;Carroll Quigley;government
Most of the press is in league with government, or with the status quo.;Harold Pinter;government
A government is invigorated when each of us is willing to participate in shaping the future of this nation.;Barbara Jordan;government
I never knew a government yet that wanted to do anything.;Anthony Trollope;government
The Israeli government has proved over the past year its commitment to peace, both in words and deeds. By contrast, the Palestinians are posing preconditions for renewing the diplomatic process in a way they have not done over the course of 16 years.;Benjamin Netanyahu;government
I stand before you today because this vision of government as the engine of opportunity is what I believe in.;Eliot Spitzer;government
A good government may, indeed, redress the grievances of an injured people but a strong people can alone build up a great nation.;Thomas Francis Meagher;government
Power must be used, but it must be tempered by soul-searching and the recognition of our human capacity for error. That is the maxim that should inform our approach to every challenge, from reforming state government to engaging in foreign affairs.;Eliot Spitzer;government
Gandhi has asked that the British Government should walk out of India and leave the Indian people to settle differences among themselves, even if it means chaos and confusion.;Stafford Cripps;government
I love and always have loved policy issues and trying to have an impact on the issues that are out there. I cherish my years in government. I have loved my participation at CNN, at Current writing teaching. Where I will go next, I will have to sort out.;Eliot Spitzer;government
My politics are of a practical kind - the integrity of the country, the supremacy of the Federal government, an honorable peace, or none at all.;Winfield Scott Hancock;government
Aggression is simply another name for government.;Benjamin Tucker;government
For me, journalism has been more a matter of projecting a particular approach to covering policies, to covering issues. It was a continuation of what I tried to do in government.;Eliot Spitzer;government
I have long said there are three distinct groups under the GOP's tent: theological warriors, who want to impose their social views on the rest of society Tea Party zealots, who say with a straight face that they want the government to get out of their Medicare and remnants of the pro-business moderates.;Eliot Spitzer;government
We are all used to paying a sales tax when we buy things - almost 9 percent here in New York City. The application of this concept to the financial sector could solve our need for revenue, bring some sanity back into the financial sector, and give us a way to raise the revenue we need to run the government in a fiscally responsible way.;Eliot Spitzer;government
Health care reform, the marquee legislative accomplishment of the Obama administration's first term, was passed before we entered the world of divided government.;Eliot Spitzer;government
The reality of split government puts a premium on creativity within the administration. President Obama needs to put the right people in charge of the agencies and then have them push the bounds of administrative power to change policy through those agencies. President Obama has a pretty good track record of this.;Eliot Spitzer;government
You can't have a situation in which companies proceed on a permanent basis relying only on cash from the government.;Lawrence Summers;government
As more people rely on government programs, the harder it becomes to conduct the necessary reforms to preserve them to help our society's most vulnerable.;Jim DeMint;government
A wise government knows how to enforce with temper, or to conciliate with dignity.;George Grenville;government
I'm not driven to get back into politics. It's not on my top five things to do before I die, but saying that, I may be in politics in the next year or the next ten years. I've been on the front line for 12 years, four in state government, eight on the national level.;J. C. Watts;government
I believe that government is the servant of the people and not their master.;David Rockefeller;government
I love my government not least for the extent to which it leaves me alone.;John Updike;government
Government is either organized benevolence or organized madness its peculiar magnitude permits no shading.;John Updike;government
The money that goes into Social Security is not the government's money. it's your money. You paid for it.;Mitch McConnell;government
A reporter's ability to keep the bond of confidentiality often enables him to learn the hidden or secret aspects of government.;Bob Woodward;government
Urban America has been redlined. Government has not offered tax incentives for investment, as it has in a dozen foreign markets. Banks have redlined it. Industries have moved out, they've redlined it. Clearly, to break up the redlining process, there must be incentives to green-line with hedges against risk.;Jesse Jackson;government
We've been so preoccupied with getting the government to behave in a fair and democratic way, we were not able to focus on the private sector where most of the jobs are, where most of the wealth and opportunities are.;Jesse Jackson;government
We oppose the reactionary policies of the U.S. government but we do not oppose the American people. We want to have many good friends in the United States.;Kim Jong Il;government
Is there any wonder why we are in such big trouble? Any question why the people don't trust their government anymore, and demand a change?;Chris Christie;government
And I just think that we're at a point in our economic life here in our state - and - and, candidly, across the country, where increased taxes is just the wrong way to go. The people of our state are not convinced that state government, county government, local government has done all they can with the money we already give them, rather than the money that we have before.;Chris Christie;government
Someone has to stay on the line and say, no, we can do this by cutting spending and reducing the size of government. That's what I was committed to doing.;Chris Christie;government
Now, in New Jersey, we have more government workers per square mile than any state in America. But since I've been governor we now have fewer people on the state payroll at any time since Christie Whitman left office in January 2001. That's the right direction, Mr. President, not the wrong direction.;Chris Christie;government
Attending that Convention and talking with those people and many others convinced me that I should become a blogger in my efforts to reform the government and uphold the integrity of the Constitution and the laws made in furtherance thereof.;John Jay Hooker;government
Nothing is so galling to a people not broken in from the birth as a paternal, or, in other words, a meddling government, a government which tells them what to read, and say, and eat, and drink and wear.;Thomas B. Macaulay;government
A government is the only vessel that leaks from the top.;James Reston;government
I believe in the America people's ability to govern themselves. If government would just get out of the way and allow them to lead their lives as they choose, they will succeed.;Jesse Ventura;government
I strive never to forget the real world consequences of my decisions on individuals, businesses and government.;Sonia Sotomayor;government
We must force the government to stop the bird migration. We must shoot all birds, field all our men and troops... and force migratory birds to stay where they are.;Vladimir Zhirinovsky;government
I honestly do not know if civil disobedience has any effect on the government. I can promise you it has a great effect on the person who chooses to do it.;Martin Sheen;government
As far as your personal goals are and what you actually want to do with your life, it should never have to do with the government. You should never depend on the government for your retirement, your financial security, for anything.;Drew Carey;government
While approximately one in every 400 children and adolescents have Type I diabetes recent Government reports indicate that one in every three children born in 2000 will suffer from obesity, which as noted is a predominant Type II precursor.;Tim Holden;government
You can study government and politics in school, but the best way to really understand the process is to volunteer your time.;Rob McKenna;government
We are losing sight of civility in government and politics. Debate and dialogue is taking a back seat to the politics of destruction and anger and control. Dogma has replaced thoughtful discussion between people of differing views.;James McGreevey;government
Until the control of the issue of currency and credit is restored to government and recognized as its most conspicuous and sacred responsibility, all talks of the sovereignty of Parliament and of democracy is idle and futile.;William Lyon Mackenzie King;government
Government in the U.S. today is a senior partner in every business in the country.;Norman Cousins;government
If you're an old pro, you know how well you're doing when you're doing it, and your inner government spanks you if you're not doing well.;Jerry Lewis;government
Britain, relative to the U.S., is a highly secular society. Philanthropy alone cannot fill the gap left by government cutbacks. And the sources of altruism go deep into our evolutionary past.;Jonathan Sacks;government
A perfect storm is in the making: financial uncertainty, economic downturn, government cuts, rising unemployment and a future that looks less clear the more we try to fathom it.;Jonathan Sacks;government
What creates freedom? A revolution in the streets? Mass protest? Civil war? A change of government? The ousting of the old guard and its replacement by the new? History, more often than not, shows that hopes raised by such events are often dashed, sooner rather than later.;Jonathan Sacks;government
I hate big government, but I really hate a government that doesn't work. So when 'they say we either have to raise taxes or cut core services,' it's actually a 'false choice.';Scott Walker;government
We must make it an imperative duty of our government to protect the gifts which Nature has bestowed on America and to insure the maintenance of a clean, healthy, wholesome environment for our people.;George Lincoln Rockwell;government
But I don't want massive layoffs of anyone - public or private. We are planning on shrinking government through attrition and reform, not through random pink slips.;Scott Walker;government
We need religion as a guide. We need it because we are imperfect. Our government needs the church, because only those humble enough to admit they are sinners can bring to democracy the tolerance it requires in order to survive.;Jeff Miller;government
No more distressing moment can ever face a British government than that which requires it to come to a hard, fast and specific decision.;Barbara Tuchman;government
The primary victims of Katrina, those who were given the least help by the government, those rescued last or not at all, were overwhelmingly people of color largely hidden from the mainstream of society.;Jonathan Kozol;government
When government disappears, it's not as if paradise will take its place. When governments are gone, other interests will take their place.;Lawrence Lessig;government
If you join government, calmly make your contribution and move on. Don't go along to get along do your best and when you have to - and you will - leave, and be something else.;Peggy Noonan;government
If the United States is hit with a weapon of mass destruction that inflicts large casualties, the Constitution will likely be discarded in favor of a military form of government.;Tommy Franks;government
I think that if we get back to some basic fundamental principles, we can make sure that we resolve the issues. And I think that that's what the Tea Party was all about. It's getting back to a constitutional conservative government. And that is limited, but it's also effective and efficient. I think that that's what we'll be able to do.;Allen West;government
I was determined that no British government should be brought down by the action of two tarts.;Harold MacMillan;government
The only thing growing faster than the federal government's deficit is Chris Matthews' man-crush on Barack Obama.;Tim Pawlenty;government
It is the duty of Her Majesty's government neither to flap nor to falter.;Harold MacMillan;government
I'm not a knee-jerk conservative. I passionately believe in free markets and less government, but not to the point of being a libertarian.;Rupert Murdoch;government
Every year the Federal Government wastes billions of dollars as a result of overpayments of government agencies, misuse of government credit cards, abuse of the Federal entitlement programs, and the mismanagement of the Federal bureaucracy.;Chris Chocola;government
The UK desperately needs less government and freer markets.;Rupert Murdoch;government
Government is inherently incompetent, and no matter what task it is assigned, it will do it in the most expensive and inefficient way possible.;Charley Reese;government
Our constitution works. Our great republic is a government of laws, not of men.;Gerald R. Ford;government
Truth is the glue that holds government together.;Gerald R. Ford;government
Our great Republic is a government of laws and not of men. Here, the people rule.;Gerald R. Ford;government
Thankfully, due to the United Kingdom and the commitment of the Westminster government we are able to ensure that money brought in, whether it be from the City of London or from North Sea oil, can be pooled and directed to wherever it is needed most. That is what being in the United Kingdom is all about.;Iain Duncan Smith;government
When the news is good, the BBC view is: 'Get the government out of the picture quickly, don't allow them to say anything about it.' When the news is bad: 'Let's all dump on the government.';Iain Duncan Smith;government
The American Dream, coupled with government subsidies of utilities and cheap consumer goods courtesy of slave labour somewhere else, has kept the poor huddled masses from rising up.;Elizabeth Wurtzel;government
There is a Western world. There is America. There is Great Britain and Germany and France and Russia and China and other nations. I doubt that there is one country amongst those I mentioned which has a desire to see Iran, with its fundamentalist, Islamic, extremist government, possessing nuclear weapons.;Ehud Olmert;government
Government itself is founded upon the great doctrine of the consent of the governed, and has its cornerstone in the memorable principle that men are endowed with inalienable rights.;Leland Stanford;government
In government offices which are sensitive to the vehemence and passion of mass sentiment public men have no sure tenure. They are in effect perpetual office seekers, always on trial for their political lives, always required to court their restless constituents.;Walter Lippmann;government
You know, when Republicans were in charge, we doubled the debt. But, now, our concern is the Democrats are in charge and they're tripling the debt. So, really, our concern is that we want smaller government.;Rand Paul;government
We should not have the U.S. government buying stock in American industries - the financial industry or any other industry.;Rand Paul;government
We don't need bigger government. We need to shrink the size of government.;Rand Paul;government
We Brits print banknotes out in Debden in Essex, and have contracted it out to the private sector. Here in the U.S. it is a government operation right in the heart of Washington next door to the Holocaust Museum.;Evan Davis;government
The American formula for creating business is not to have the government create business.;John Sununu;government
Everybody in America is going to have to sacrifice to help us rebuild the Gulf Coast. Every government program, every individual, we are all going to have to sacrifice.;Tom Coburn;government
It's counterintuitive, but the most divisive arrangement is when the same party controls both Congress and the presidency, a situation encountered in eight of the past 10 years. With government unified under a single party, the minority has the least possible incentive to cooperate with the majority.;John Sununu;government
You can have a revolution wherever you like, except in a government office even were the world to come to an end, you'd have to destroy the universe first and then government offices.;Karel Capek;government
Unfortunately, corruption is widespread in government agencies and public enterprises. Our political system promotes nepotism and wasting money. This has undermined our legal system and confidence in the functioning of the state. One of the consequences is that many citizens don't pay their taxes.;Georgios A. Papandreou;government
We campaigned on the fact that we were going to have to take difficult decisions because of the state of the public finances. When we got into government we discovered that actually the public finances were in an even worse state than we thought.;Theresa May;government
For voters what matters is what government actually delivers for them.;Theresa May;government
I think for voters what matters is the values that drive the government.;Theresa May;government
There's much more we can be doing in Parliament, we could be giving more power back to people at local government level, through local referendums.;Theresa May;government
The universities have got a job here as well in making sure that people actually understand that we're open for university students coming into the U.K. There's a job here not just for the government, I think there's a job for the universities as well to make sure that people know that we are open.;Theresa May;government
We've got a first class leader at the moment. David Cameron is dealing with the issues that he was left by the last government very well indeed.;Theresa May;government
As long as I don't write about the government, religion, politics, and other institutions, I am free to print anything.;Pierre Beaumarchais;government
Americans cannot maintain their essential faith in government if there are two Americas, in which the private sector's work subsidizes the disproportionate benefits of this new public sector elite.;Mortimer Zuckerman;government
To Republicans, I humbly suggest that we make it possible for Democrats to give up their quest for redistribution of income and wealth by our acceptance of an appropriate role for government in financing those public goods and services necessary to secure a social safety net below which no American would be allowed to fall.;Jack Kemp;government
The banking collapse was caused, more than anything, by bad government policy and the total failure of bad regulation, rather than by greed.;Nigel Farage;government
The government deficit is the difference between the amount of money the government spends and the amount it has the nerve to collect.;Sam Ewing;government
All Americans value the freedom of speech and the freedom of the press, and I believe this is essential for our continued way of life. But with this freedom comes responsibility. That responsibility has been abdicated here by some in the media and some in the government.;Steven Hatfill;government
And some of what we're doing in Government even now, some of the welfare reform programs that are helping lone mothers come into work are based on things that were very new under the Labour Government in the eighties.;Patricia Hewitt;government
