The fame thing is interesting because I never wanted to be famous, and I never dreamt I would be famous.;J. K. Rowling;famous
I imagined being a famous writer would be like being like Jane Austen.;J. K. Rowling;famous
There is a misleading, unwritten rule that states if a quote giving advice comes from someone famous, very old, or Greek, then it must be good advice.;Bo Bennett;famous
If you think Abraham Lincoln became famous for inventing the town car, it is time to spend a few hours on history.;Bo Bennett;famous
Forget about being world famous, it's hard enough just getting the automatic doors at the supermarket to acknowledge our existence.;Doug Coupland;famous
Yeah, I love being famous. It's almost like being white, y'know?;Chris Rock;famous
What I've learned is that you really don't need to be a celebrity or have money or have the paparazzi following you around to be famous.;Lady Gaga;famous
I've never sat there and plotted out how I was going to become successful or famous.;Jennifer Aniston;famous
I think the driving thing was curiosity about the universe. That fascinated me. I didn't think anything about being famous or anything like that, I was just interested in the concepts involved.;Clyde Tombaugh;famous
We are not interested in cloning the Michael Jordans and the Michael Jacksons of this world. The rich and the famous don't participate in this.;Panayiotis Zavos;famous
I have a profound empathy for people who are in the public eye, whether they manifest it themselves or whether it happened by accident - it doesn't matter to me. I think there's a great misunderstanding of what it is to be famous.;Alanis Morissette;famous
I thought the more famous I became, the more friendships I would have, but the opposite was true.;Alanis Morissette;famous
I'm more interested in being good than being famous.;Annie Leibovitz;famous
Aristotle was famous for knowing everything. He taught that the brain exists merely to cool the blood and is not involved in the process of thinking. This is true only of certain persons.;Will Cuppy;famous
I love being famous. It's almost like being white.;Chris Rock;famous
Dates with actors, finally, just seemed to me evenings of shop talk. I got sick of it after a hile. So the more famous I became, the more I narrowed down my choices.;Hedy Lamarr;famous
Sometimes people offer you plays, they offer you parts, but they only offer it because I'm famous.;Chris Rock;famous
I became very famous, as a teenager, and my name and photo were splashed in all the media. They made me larger than life, so I wanted to live larger than life, and the only way to do that was to be intoxicated.;Cat Stevens;famous
For me, growing up, the downside of it was that as a kid you don't want to stand out. You don't want to have a famous father let alone get a job because of your famous father, you know? But I'm a product of nepotism. That's how I got my foot in the door, through my dad.;Jeff Bridges;famous
Whenever you're the child of a famous person, you get judged in odd ways because of that.;Jeff Bridges;famous
The idea of being famous is a lot better than the reality.;Tom Felton;famous
I have been very happy, very rich, very beautiful, much adulated, very famous and very unhappy.;Brigitte Bardot;famous
It's interesting because people assume that because I'm famous I know all famous people.;Daniel Radcliffe;famous
I'm doing a new musical on Broadway, which opens in October called 'The Boy from Oz,' where I play Peter Allen. For those of you who don't know, he became first famous in America for marrying Liza Minelli.;Hugh Jackman;famous
There were a few years there when I was just so enamored with the idea of living some sort of famous person's lifestyle that really isn't suited to me.;Daniel Radcliffe;famous
I think it's useful, as a famous person, to have as little separation between the perception of you and how you really are - because otherwise I'd be sitting here thinking I'm keeping secrets, and wondering when you're going to find out.;Daniel Radcliffe;famous
In the sixties, everyone you knew became famous. My flatmate was Terence Stamp. My barber was Vidal Sassoon. David Hockney did the menu in a restaurant I went to. I didn't know anyone unknown who didn't become famous.;Michael Caine;famous
I made my living being 20 or 30 pounds heavier than the average model. And that's where I got famous.;Tyra Banks;famous
When I was going for my graduate degree, I decided I was going to make a feature film as my thesis. That's what I was famous for-that I had my thesis film be a feature film, which was 'You're a Big Boy Now.';Francis Ford Coppola;famous
Since I was seventeen I thought I might be a star. I'd think about all my heroes, Charlie Parker, Jimi Hendrix... I had a romantic feeling about how these people became famous.;Jean-Michel Basquiat;famous
Other famous men, those of much talk and few deeds, soon evaporate. Action is the dignity of greatness.;Jose Marti;famous
Lance Armstrong, the famous cyclist and more importantly, cancer survivor, has said 'if you ever get a second chance for something, you've got to go all the way.';Michael N. Castle;famous
The strangest part about being famous is you don't get to give first impressions anymore. Everyone already has an impression of you before you meet them.;Kristen Stewart;famous
I have no interest in Shakespeare and all that British nonsense... I just wanted to get famous and all the rest is hogwash.;Anthony Hopkins;famous
I certainly don't think you need to be famous to want to leave a legacy, but when you are famous, it's even more likely that your child will get the wrong perspective on your life if you die prematurely.;Shania Twain;famous
One thing about being famous is the people around you, you pay all their bills so they very rarely disagree with you because they want you to pick up the check.;Charles Barkley;famous
People just assume that if you're famous, you're in Hollywood.;Megan Fox;famous
If you look closely, there is no book more visual than Three Trapped Tigers, in that it is filled with blank pages, dark pages, it has stars made of words, the famous magical cube made of numbers, and there is even a page which is a mirror.;Guillermo Cabrera Infante;famous
Among famous traitors of history one might mention the weather.;Ilka Chase;famous
Know the names of past and current artists who are most famous for playing their instruments.;Marilyn vos Savant;famous
I think there are a lot of people who really want to be famous, they really do. I don't. It sort of gets in the way of the everyday things that I do.;Johnny Mathis;famous
Comedy has to be done en clair. You can't blunt the edge of wit or the point of satire with obscurity. Try to imagine a famous witty saying that is not immediately clear.;James Thurber;famous
Bruce Lee was very famous. I watched his movies and he is amazing. He is a martial arts master, his philosophy, his movement, both physically and mentally, were very strong.;Jet Li;famous
You can get rich or famous by doing the same thing.;Ang Lee;famous
And I want to do it the right way, like everybody else, not just a famous figurehead that gets a job because he is a famous basketball player. I want to really learn the business.;Shaquille O'Neal;famous
There is no fulfillment in things whatsoever. And I think one of the reasons that depression reigns supreme amongst the rich and famous is some of them thought that maybe those things would bring them happiness. But what, in fact, does is having a cause, having a passion. And that's really what gives life's true meaning.;Benjamin Carson;famous
I don't mean being famous is a perk, because one knows that it's not necessarily a perk, but there are certain perks to being well-known and respected in one's field. Public perks. Like, I don't know, general friendliness and willingness to please, just to point out two.;Emma Thompson;famous
The problem is, the more famous you get, the more people see you who didn't choose to.;Louis C. K.;famous
Look at Jessica Simpson. She's famous for being dumb. I guess it started with Marylyn Monroe, and she actually wasn't that dumb, but that's how she was perceived - and that's what got popular.;Danica McKellar;famous
Because you know when you first become famous, you start walking a little different because people are staring at you.;Bono;famous
Exposure makes you famous, not just good work. Famous is being plastered everywhere.;Francesca Annis;famous
I never pursued being 'famous.';Francesca Annis;famous
I could have been a dental hygienist with nothing bad ever appearing in print about me, but that's not how I've chosen to lead my life. I knew that you put yourself under a microscope the more famous you become.;Julia Roberts;famous
I can't advise any of the young ones, because I don't know what their background was, but I would suggest that anyone who wants to be famous more than anything - there's a real problem.;Shirley MacLaine;famous
I'm sick to death of famous people standing up and using their celebrity to promote a cause. If I see a particular need, I do try to help. But there's a lot that can be achieved by putting a check in the right place and shutting up about it.;Russell Crowe;famous
Barack Obama is the most famous living person in the history of the world.;Dee Dee Myers;famous
Famous people come up to me, but I don't know who they are because my sight is so bad. It's always at the pool of the Four Seasons in Beverly Hills when I don't have my lenses in and my glasses are in my room.;Helena Bonham Carter;famous
I was famous overnight. I went from nowhere to being really big.;Sting;famous
The worst thing about being famous is the invasion of your privacy.;Justin Timberlake;famous
Hitler was so modern, in that he was obsessed with being famous. He was caught up with this rush to be have achieved greatness before turning 30.;John Cusack;famous
You know, I did not like being famous. It was a stressful and ugly time, and I'm glad it's over.;Diablo Cody;famous
To enjoy being famous, you need to have a screw loose.;Diablo Cody;famous
I'd probably be famous now if I wasn't such a good waitress.;Jane Siberry;famous
The whole 'American Idol' way of looking at things is the antithesis of what I grew up with. There are a whole lot of kids wanting to be famous now, whereas if I'd even mentioned that word to one of my teachers, I would have got into a whole load of trouble.;Harry Connick, Jr.;famous
I became famous, I think, really because of the interpretation of other people's songs, way back when, and that's what I enjoy the most. And I'm a lazy bugger.;Rod Stewart;famous
There is this power that comes with being famous.;Rod Stewart;famous
I would have been very happy just working from job to job, paying my rent one movie at a time. I never wanted to be this famous. I never imagined this life for myself.;Kristen Stewart;famous
I'm willing to make compromises based on someone I think is the one, but I think it's psychologically important to people when they're famous to be the only famous person they know.;John Mayer;famous
I just like the company of beautiful women. I have a weakness in that department. And I suppose because I am fairly well off and a famous musician, I'm up for grabs. And that makes me an eligible bachelor in the press.;Eric Clapton;famous
In the beginning, I loved being famous, but now I am tired of it and I would like to go back to my freedom.;Roberto Cavalli;famous
There's a definite responsibility that comes with being famous. You shouldn't be able to just dress up and look pretty.;Rashida Jones;famous
I have to say, you know, I've seen so many people go through the cycle and become famous and not famous anymore and, you know, want - have their priorities change and want different things.;Rashida Jones;famous
I woke up one morning to find I was famous. I bought a white Rolls-Royce and drove down Sunset Boulevard, wearing dark specs and a white suit, waving like the Queen Mum.;Peter O'Toole;famous
My mom just didn't put a very high premium on me being like really famous or really wealthy or anything.;Martha Plimpton;famous
I'm not one of those famous people flying round the world emoting over every catastrophe. I'm too feeble.;Kristin Scott Thomas;famous
The first time I went to Johnny Depp's house in LA is when I realized what I was getting myself into. I knew he was famous, but I didn't really know what that entailed.;Kate Moss;famous
Duke Ellington was famous for hs very original harmonic patterns.;Lawrence Welk;famous
Why am I so famous? What am I doing right? What are the others doing wrong?;Barbra Streisand;famous
Being famous is just like being in high school. But I'm not interested in being the cheerleader. I'm not interested in being Gwen Stefani. She's the cheerleader, and I'm out in the smoker shed.;Courtney Love;famous
The fire in the belly is essential, otherwise you become Michael Buble - famous and meaningless.;Steven Patrick Morrissey;famous
I kept saying that I'd never live in L.A., and I didn't think I would. But that's where the work is, and I ended up making a lot of friends there, and my old friends moved out to Los Angeles too. And also, I think when you're famous, its hard to live in a small town.;John Cusack;famous
I lost some of my friends because I got so famous, people who just assumed that I would be different now. I felt like everyone hated me. That is the most unhappy time of my life.;Haruki Murakami;famous
Who elected Larry King America's grief counselor? We, the viewing public, did, by driving up his ratings whenever somebody famous passes.;James Wolcott;famous
I have a great job writing for 'The Office,' but, really, all television writers do is dream of one day writing movies. I'll put it this way: At the Oscars the most famous person in the room is, like, Angelina Jolie. At the Emmys the huge exciting celebrity is Bethenny Frankel. You get what I mean.;Mindy Kaling;famous
It took me fifteen years to discover I had no talent for writing, but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous.;Robert Benchley;famous
I know I'm not a self-indulgent idiot I also know I'm not the second coming of Deepak Chopra. If I had believed either of those, or both, as some people do when they get famous, that's when the mental illness arrives.;Elizabeth Gilbert;famous
I know it's a cliche but I never wanted to be famous. I don't believe anybody wants to be famous.;Jeremy Renner;famous
A lot of people these days are not music lovers - they just want to be famous which is a very different thing to what I grew up believing in.;Shirley Manson;famous
The love of the famous, like all strong passions, is quite abstract. Its intensity can be measured mathematically, and it is independent of persons.;Susan Sontag;famous
I don't go to premieres. I don't go to parties. I don't covet the Oscar. I don't want any of that. I don't go out. I just have dinner at home every night with my kids. Being famous, that's a whole other career. And I haven't got any energy for it.;Gary Oldman;famous
You aren't famous until my mother has heard of you.;Jay Leno;famous
My hair was famous before I was.;Christopher Walken;famous
I'm English. Our dentistry is not world famous.;Christian Bale;famous
Just because you're not famous, doesn't mean you're not good.;Laura Linney;famous
I hear the way people talk about the children of famous people. They're not treated very well. The presumptions are usually quite awful. So I tried to establish myself with a couple of movies. After 'Juno' I thought: 'I think I've defined myself enough as my own director that I'd love to work with my father.';Jason Reitman;famous
I've been very, very lucky in my career, in my life - from day one. When aspiring directors say, 'What's your advice?' first I say, 'Be born the son of a famous director. It's invaluable.';Jason Reitman;famous
I have so much empathy for these young actors that are 19 and all of a sudden they're beautiful and famous and rich. I'm like, 'Oh my God, I'd be dead.';Philip Seymour Hoffman;famous
They saw me, those reckless seekers of beauty, and in a night I was famous.;Lillie Langtry;famous
Now, we believe that the majority of teachers in America know our system must be reformed, to put students first so that America can compete, that teachers don't teach to become rich or famous. They teach because they love children.;Chris Christie;famous
