Evil is the moment when I lack the strength to be true to the Good that compels me.;Alain Badiou;strength
I still believe in the possibility of the United States, with all its will and all its strength, and I don't just mean military, persevering against any challenge. I still believe in that.;Richard Holbrooke;strength
I love to sing and I do think that my strength as a singer is... I think I have a voice that is certainly sufficient under most any circumstances... but I think my strength is that I really am an actor and I really do have to own what I am saying.;Gregory Harrison;strength
We also very importantly recommend continued growth in the Army and the Marine Corps end strength.;John M. McHugh;strength
An organization which claims to be working for the needs of a community - as SNCC does - must work to provide that community with a position of strength from which to make its voice heard. This is the significance of black power beyond the slogan.;Stokely Carmichael;strength
On set is where I feel comfortable. The red carpet stuff, talking about the film, explaining your own life, it doesn't come naturally. It's all necessary stuff I suppose but it's not my strength.;Naomi Watts;strength
If the label presents them with a contract that the band don't want to sign, all the label has to do is wait. There are a hundred other bands willing to sign the exact same contract, so the label is in a position of strength.;Steve Albini;strength
These individuals on steroids, does it enhance their career, does it give them a little more strength, a little more stamina, a little more psychological edge? Absolutely. How do you determine what - what their stats would be without steroids? It's impossible to tell.;Jose Canseco;strength
My hope is that the Chinese government will come to realise that it is futile to repress free speech, and that contrary to what they believe a regime's strength rests not its suppression of a plurality of opinions and ideas, but in its capacity and willingness to encourage them.;Ma Jian;strength
Some in my party threaten to send a message that they don't know a just war when they see it, and more broadly that they're not prepared to use our military strength to protect our security and the cause of freedom.;Joe Lieberman;strength
Base Ball, to be played thoroughly, requires the possession of muscular strength, great agility, quickness of eye, readiness of hand, and many other faculties of mind and body that mark the man of nerve.;Henry Chadwick;strength
Vision is perhaps our greatest strength... it has kept us alive to the power and continuity of thought through the centuries, it makes us peer into the future and lends shape to the unknown.;Li Ka Shing;strength
Our moral authority is as important, if not more important, than our troop strength or our high-tech weapons. We are rapidly losing that moral authority, not only in the Arab world but all over the world.;Robert Reich;strength
Machiavelli taught me it was better to be feared than loved. Because if you are loved they sense you might be weak. I am a man of the people and help them but it is important to do so through strength.;Don King;strength
I believe you'll develop speed via strength work which includes hill running, either repeats, or running hilly courses as the Kenyans do on a steady basis.;Bill Rodgers;strength
We need to reach that happy stage of our development when differences and diversity are not seen as sources of division and distrust, but of strength and inspiration.;Josefa Iloilo;strength
Took us a great amount of strength to get them into the world, and for them to be in the world. I think that their little spirits, you know, just said, well, we're going to be there. So it makes it very special because of it.;Cheryl Tiegs;strength
I left because I could no longer make records that sounded less and less like me. I tried to please people instead of believing in my own strength, until the only thing I could do was walk away.;Melissa Manchester;strength
The strength of the vampire is that people will not believe in him.;Garrett Fort;strength
The single currency should allow the European Union, and therefore France, to balance its monetary strength with the United States. It should help us adjust to the development of China.;Laurent Fabius;strength
Margaret Thatcher was fearful of German unification because she believed that this would bring an immediate and formidable increase of economic strength to a Germany which was already the strongest economic partner in Europe.;Douglas Hurd;strength
Looking ahead, I believe that the underlying importance of higher education, of science, of technology, of research and scholarship to our quality of life, to the strength of our economy, to our security in many dimensions will continue to be the most important message.;Charles Vest;strength
I think my best skill in this whole deal is as a conduit to try to bring people together, because I think it's in our unity that we'll have the greatest strength.;Woody Harrelson;strength
The source of my power and strength is God, and I know it, without a shadow of a doubt.;Derek Fisher;strength
I believe my past is my strength.;Michel Martelly;strength
We will grieve not, rather find strength in what remains behind. In the faith that looks through death, in years that bring the philosophic mind.;John Bacon;strength
My husband Rhashan reminds me of my father because he's got great strength of character.;Olivia Williams;strength
God is stronger than their strength, more loving than their uttermost love, and in so far as they have loved and sacrificed themselves for others, they have obtained the infallible proof, that God too lives and loves and gives Himself away.;George A. Smith;strength
I was captain and should have set the example. I would lift a minimum of weights. Mine was natural physical strength. I always thought quickness and agility were much more important.;Merlin Olsen;strength
I like form and shape and strength in pictures.;Herb Ritts;strength
Whatever I lack in size and strength and speed, I kind of make up for in being grittier. When it comes to something like basketball I'm definitely not the best guy on the court, but I love elbowing and pushing people out or boxing them out.;Steven Yeun;strength
I am deeply concerned with the diminution of the teaching strength of the country as a result of the disproportionately low salaries that are paid to teachers throughout the country.;Bainbridge Colby;strength
We should believe in the strength and vitality of the values which constitute the E.U. and which neighbouring states can believe in and aspire to join.;Donald Tusk;strength
Yoga is at the core of my health and wellness routine even if it's only for 10 to 15 minutes I find it helps me to re-center and to focus as well as improve my overall core strength.;Miranda Kerr;strength
Farrah Fawcett had courage, she had strength, and she had faith.;Jaclyn Smith;strength
Academics don't normally manage to alter people's way of thinking through their strength of argument.;David Crystal;strength
I've always overworked in the weight room. I love working with weights. I knew they'd give me the strength I needed.;Florence Griffith Joyner;strength
I had the strength and the finesse there and put it all together.;Elvis Stojko;strength
When you're younger, your inspiration is there. As you get older, it tends to waver. Once you find it - I found it again - that's where you can draw from. That's where you draw your strength from.;Elvis Stojko;strength
If I had the hand strength to sign autographs for everybody in Kansas City, I would... but its just impossible to get to everyone.;Dante Hall;strength
Rosa Parks was a woman of strength, conviction, and morality. Her action on December 1, 1955, to defy the law made her a leading figure in our nation's civil rights history.;John Shimkus;strength
God gave me the strength to see, and breathe, and talk.;Leon Spinks;strength
It is in Virginia and Georgia that the war now rages and where it will continue for at these points - Richmond and Atlanta - the enemy's main strength is concentrated.;Knute Nelson;strength
It's funny, because in drama school, my greatest strength was my range. So my early career was like that: I played all kinds of different characters.;Lance Reddick;strength
Nations are equal in respect to each other, and entitled to claim equal consideration for their rights, whatever may be their relative dimensions or strength or however greatly they may differ in government, religion or manners.;James Kent;strength
It's a wonderful side effect of what we're doing, to give someone the strength to come out of the closet to their family, or simply present themselves aesthetically in a way they feel happy with, whether or not their friends are going to be allowed to like them anymore.;Davey Havok;strength
I also work out because I have scoliosis. I have to maintain certain strength in my core.;Joan Smalls;strength
My sense of personal strength has always come from my family.;Benjamin Bratt;strength
To me, thoughts are fun and art is fun. The strength of our society should not be idle entertainments but the joy of pursuing ideas.;Philip Kaufman;strength
I haven't strength of mind not to need a career.;Ruth Benedict;strength
You get elected, often, if you're a woman, on the strength of the women's vote then you get into office, and you have to adapt to an overwhelmingly male environment.;Eleanor Clift;strength
We can take full comfort in realizing the continuing strength of our nation. America's lands remain radiantly rich with diversity, and freedom still reigns.;Ben Nelson;strength
Socialism appeals to better classes and has far more strength. Attack the state and you excite feelings of loyalty even among the disaffected classes but attack the industrial system and appeal to the state, and you may have loyalty in your favor.;John Bates Clark;strength
But after this natural burst of indignation, no man of sense, courage, or prudence will waste his time or his strength in retrospective reproaches or repinings.;Robert Peel;strength
The basis on which good repute in any highly organized industrial community ultimately rests is pecuniary strength and the means of showing pecuniary strength, and so of gaining or retaining a good name, are leisure and a conspicuous consumption of goods.;Thorstein Veblen;strength
I hope to God that the inner strength that will vindicate my deeds will in good time spring forth from my own people. I have done as I had to on the prompting of my inner voice.;Kurt Huber;strength
About 10,000 years ago, males and females were acting equitably and were treating one another as equals, and then males took over the power, because they have physical power and physical strength.;Jane Elliot;strength
I think everybody faces challenges in their lives. I've definitely been through it - not to the extreme that Astrid did. I try to keep some kind of identity and strength.;Alison Lohman;strength
Learning how to get in tune with your field of energy and understand how to create your energy, expand that energy, and move that energy through your body. Coming back to your center, and approaching life from that center-to-line place... That to me gave me strength and understanding and hopefully wisdom to solve life's problems and challenges.;Erin Gray;strength
We must continue to pursue peace through diplomacy, but we must also not shrink from our responsibility through the option of strength. We must take advantage of internal resistance and change from within Iran to avert this path of mutual destruction.;Michael McCaul;strength
I've completed the first part of my preparations without injury problems. My speed is good and I'm doing lots of volume for strength.;Jonathan Brown;strength
Usually I write about what I care about, which is a weakness but I think also a strength.;Mickey Kaus;strength
I love the music of Lauryn Hill and Erykah Badu and more recently the music of Laura Marling. All these women share a strength and a wisdom in their voices and music that really makes me want to make music and sing.;Lianne La Havas;strength
The more I get to do this character, the more I realize that she's not just annoying. It's that her strength is not interacting with people socially. She just doesn't have time because she has so much going on in her brain.;Mary Lynn Rajskub;strength
That Germany was so immensely strong and Austria so dependent upon German strength that the word and will of Germany would at the critical moment be decisive with Austria.;Edward Grey;strength
I think that my past stands me in good stead in that it does have a certain strength for musicians.;John Sebastian;strength
My strength as an actor is in the theater - I know that about myself. Some actors get onstage and vanish, but I'm much better there than I am on screen.;Stacy Keach;strength
There's something that's sexy about a guy who has the strength to kill somebody, but is also vulnerable enough to be in love. It's just those two sides - like, I don't know why, but women for some reason aren't attracted to normal guys, like, guys who are in between.;Evan Peters;strength
The Green Lantern is a unique superhero because it's not that he's super that is his focus it's that he's a man. He's very human. That's his greatest strength and his greatest weakness.;Blake Lively;strength
We must keep both our femininity and our strength.;Indra Devi;strength
I don't walk around with fear. I walk around with strength. I believe in cause and effect.;Melanie Griffith;strength
I certainly did feel inferior. Because of class. Because of strength. Because of height. I guess if I'd been able to hit somebody in the nose, I wouldn't have been a comic.;Dudley Moore;strength
The Cape Town is considerably increased within the last eight years. Its respectability with regard to strength has kept pace with its other enlargements and rendered it very secure against any attempt which is not made with considerable force.;William Bligh;strength
The Royal Navy of England hath ever been its greatest defense and ornament it is its ancient and natural strength the floating bulwark of the island.;William Blackstone;strength
When terrorists attacked the symbols of our national unity and strength, they failed to realize that they were just symbols of our strength. The real strength of our nation comes from our people - not our buildings.;Michael Enzi;strength
The AFL-CIO is a structure that divides workers' strength by allowing each union to organize in any industry, then bargain on its own, even when workers share a common employer.;Andy Stern;strength
And I think we understand we cannot make social change for all workers until we have enough strength, membership strength, and at the same time having membership strength and only making change for a limited group of workers is not what our country really needs for people that work.;Andy Stern;strength
I love sharing my knowledge of hitting with others. Now coaches and players at all levels can learn my systematic approach to hitting a baseball with more consistency, mental strength and accuracy.;Dusty Baker;strength
You have to take strength from the people that love you and the people that love Barbara and the huge number of expressions of sympathy and compassion and support. That has been extremely moving.;Ted Olson;strength
I have always been an outstanding football player, I have always had uncanny abilities, great arm strength, an immense ability to play the game from a quarterback standpoint. The problem was that I wasn't given the liberty to do certain things when I was young.;Michael Vick;strength
You can manage 50 people through the strength of your personality and lack of sleep. You can touch them all in a week and make sure they're all pointed in the right direction.;Mark Pincus;strength
I'd like to be a wounded leading man. Instead of a pillar of strength, I'd be the scared one.;Jamie Kennedy;strength
Lincoln's stature and strength, his intelligence and ambition - in short, all the elements which gave him popularity among men in New Salem, rendered him equally attractive to the fair sex of that village.;John George Nicolay;strength
My mother was the dearest, sweetest angel. She didn't talk she sang. She was a tower of strength.;Jayne Meadows;strength
Use gentle means before you come to extremity, and whatever lesson you work him, and never take above half his strength, nor ride him till he is weary, but a little at a time and often.;William Cavendish;strength
Senator Douglas was very small, not over four and a half feet height, and there was a noticeable disproportion between the long trunk of his body and his short legs. His chest was broad and indicated great strength of lungs.;Henry Villard;strength
Productive power is the foundation of a country's economic strength.;Stafford Cripps;strength
I admire President Chavez for his strength to resist the United States. Instead, Bush is waging a war of terrorism against the world.;Cindy Sheehan;strength
Rag paper, containing hemp fiber, is the highest quality and longest lasting paper ever made. It can be torn when wet, but returns to its full strength when dry.;Jack Herer;strength
Our strength in finance has led us to set up an international financial centre with medium and long-term objectives, especially to develop Islamic financial and insurance services.;Hassanal Bolkiah;strength
I worshipped dead men for their strength, forgetting I was strong.;Vita Sackville-West;strength
One of the things that's beautiful about New Orleans is how culturally rich we are and how well we have worked together. People call us a gumbo. It's really important that we get focused on the very simple notion that diversity is a strength, it's not a weakness.;Mitch Landrieu;strength
The great and admirable strength of America consists in this, that America is truly the American people.;Jacques Maritain;strength
The people I used to have around me from Nashville was showing love to the Cash Money clique on the strength of Buck trying to make it making sure Buck gets to where he gots to go.;Young Buck;strength
Men who live valiantly and die nobly have a strength and a courage from the eternal Father.;Josephus Daniels;strength
I came from Long Island, so I had a lot of experience at the stick. I played in junior high school, then I played in high school. The technical aspect of the game was my forte. I had all that experience, then I had strength and I was in good condition.;Jim Brown;strength
As I've often said, Wisconsin's greatest strength continues to be the dedicated, hardworking people of our state. They go to work everyday, pay their taxes, and raise their kids with good, Midwestern values.;Jim Doyle;strength
I hope to devote all of my spare time, which ordinarily would go to research, my summers, and every ounce of strength I can muster to further the project.;Louis Finkelstein;strength
I was vegetarian for a long time, and in the last four years I started eating chicken and fish. I feel like it really built up my strength a lot.;Laura Wilkinson;strength
