There are no guarantees. From the viewpoint of fear, none are strong enough. From the viewpoint of love, none are necessary.;Emmanuel Teney;fear
Fear not that thy life shall come to an end, but rather that it shall never have a beginning.;John Henry Newman;fear
He doesn't know the meaning of the word fear, but then again he doesn't know the meaning of most words.;Bobby Bowden;fear
People have a fear of the unknown. Insects have different senses than us, different amount of limbs and their body structure is very different. It's hard for us to really relate to them and understand them.;Dominic Monaghan;fear
I fear that our true motivation is about oil and our own flailing economy about the failure to destroy Al Qaeda and about revenge.;Dave Matthews;fear
Defeat the fear of death and welcome the death of fear.;G. Gordon Liddy;fear
With their souls of patent leather, they come down the road. Hunched and nocturnal, where they breathe they impose, silence of dark rubber, and fear of fine sand.;Federico Garcia Lorca;fear
There are only three sins - causing pain, causing fear, and causing anguish. The rest is window dressing.;Roger Caras;fear
Americans have discovered fear.;Jose Saramago;fear
I thought Erica Jong's Fear of Flying was one of the biggest pieces of crap that I've ever read in my life.;Helen Reddy;fear
In the '80s, I was putting out an album virtually every year, I think mostly based on fear - that if I didn't, people would soon forget about me.;Al Yankovic;fear
Somehow we can't live outside the politics of race. There's something very deep in all of us, that is taught to us when we are very, very little. Which is the disrespect and fear of the other.;Anna Deavere Smith;fear
Being brave isn't the absence of fear. Being brave is having that fear but finding a way through it.;Bear Grylls;fear
You're not human if you don't feel fear. But I've learnt to treat fear as an emotion that sharpens me. It's there to give me that edge for what I have to do.;Bear Grylls;fear
I live my life through fear. If I'm afraid of it I'll do it just so I'm not afraid of it anymore.;Jeremy Renner;fear
I talk to women's groups all over the country and see women struggling with this. The fear of not being accepted, of being different, of not having a man, all make it hard for a woman to do what she really believes is right for her.;Olympia Dukakis;fear
I am very interested in what has been called bad taste. I believe the fear of displaying a soi-disant bad taste stops us from venturing into special cultural zones.;Manuel Puig;fear
So then learn to conquer your fear. This is the only art we have to master nowadays: to look at things without fear, and to fearlessly do right.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;fear
Who sows fear, reaps weapons.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;fear
Discipline strengthens the mind so that it becomes impervious to the corroding influence of fear.;Bernard Law Montgomery;fear
It is because I believe that it is in the power of such nations to lead the world back into the paths of peace that I propose to devote myself to explaining what, in my opinion, can and should be done to banish the fear of war that hangs so heavily over the world.;Arthur Henderson;fear
Terrorism is a psychological warfare. Terrorists try to manipulate us and change our behavior by creating fear, uncertainty, and division in society.;Patrick J. Kennedy;fear
I didn't want to be on the losing side. I was fed up with Jewish weakness, timidity and fear. I didn't want any more Jewish sentimentality and Jewish suffering. I was sickened by our sad songs.;Lionel Blue;fear
Peace, if it ever exists, will not be based on the fear of war but on the love of peace.;Julien Benda;fear
Necessity of action takes away the fear of the act, and makes bold resolution the favorite of fortune.;Francis Quarles;fear
Democracy is stronger than terrorism, and we will not cower to the terrorists' campaign of fear.;John Doolittle;fear
I live in a kind of controlled awareness. I wouldn't call it fear, but it's an awareness. I know I have a responsibility to behave in a certain way. I'm able to do that.;Mary Tyler Moore;fear
I fear that the rising personal bankruptcies and repossessions are the first signs of bigger problems to come and personal debt - Gordon Brown's legacy to millions of Britain's families - will hang like a millstone around the neck of the British people for years to come.;Vince Cable;fear
Fear is a huge thing for older people.;James Hillman;fear
The elimination of the fear of death transforms the individual's way of being in the world.;Stanislav Grof;fear
Dying before dying has two important consequences: It liberates the individual from the fear of death and influences the actual experience of dying at the time of biological demise.;Stanislav Grof;fear
One of the darkest, deepest shames so many of us mothers feel nowadays is our fear that we are Bad Mothers, that we are failing our children and falling far short of our own ideals.;Ayelet Waldman;fear
By presenting a faithful and honest record of my experience as a mother, I hope to show both my readers and my children how truth can redeem even what you fear might be the gravest of sins.;Ayelet Waldman;fear
The thing about youthful offenders is that no one seems to care about them. Most people don't like adolescents - even the good ones can be snarky and unpleasant. Combine the antipathy we feel toward the average teenager with the fear inspired by youth violence, and you have a population that no one wants to deal with.;Ayelet Waldman;fear
Another parent's different approach raises the possibility that you've made a mistake with your child. We simply can't tolerate that because we fear that any mistake, no matter how minor, could have devastating consequences. So we proclaim the superiority of our own choices. We've lost sight of the fact that people have preferences.;Ayelet Waldman;fear
Fear and greed are potent motivators. When both of these forces push in the same direction, virtually no human being can resist.;Andrew Weil;fear
We all struggle with our failure to communicate and our failure to reach beyond fear to love people.;Mira Sorvino;fear
You live with the fear people might find out. Then you actually have the courage to tell people and they go, I don't think you are gay. It's enough to drive you crazy.;Portia de Rossi;fear
More than fantasy or even science fiction, Ray Bradbury wrote horror, and like so many great horror writers he was himself utterly without fear, of anything. He wasn't afraid of looking uncool - he wasn't scared to openly love innocence, or to be optimistic, or to write sentimentally when he felt that way.;Lev Grossman;fear
There is the fear, common to all English-only speakers, that the chief purpose of foreign languages is to make fun of us. Otherwise, you know, why not just come out and say it?;Barbara Ehrenreich;fear
President Obama's 100-day plan is pretty impressive. I think it's a Wow 100-plus days. The administration is not operating from fear, it is trying to drive change for the future, and that's a good thing.;Andrea Jung;fear
I have a pathological fear of being on my own. When I'm with my own thoughts, I start to unravel myself, and I start to think really dark thoughts, self-destructive thoughts.;David Walliams;fear
I don't have a fear factor. Well, not much of one. And I'm willing to risk quite a lot - as a comedian, you're always risking a lot. You're risking failure, especially if you're improvising and going on TV shows trying to make comedy out of thin air. That is quite a risky business.;David Walliams;fear
It's the opinion of some that crops could be grown on the moon which raises the fear that it may not be long before we're paying somebody not to.;Franklin P. Jones;fear
Fear can make all of us do the wrong things sometimes.;Vanessa Paradis;fear
I fear only God, all praises to Him.;Muqtada al Sadr;fear
You know, Stephen says, in the movies no one ever goes to the bathroom. They shave, they brush their teeth. He goes right at this sort of funny taboo we have about the bathroom, and he turned it into this nightmare, you know, your worst fear of what's in there.;Lawrence Kasdan;fear
My biggest fear ever is to be involved in a plane crash, so when that happened... well, I'm just thankful to be alive. I'm just grateful to be here at all.;Travis Barker;fear
Libertarians know that a free country has nothing to fear from anyone coming in or going out - while a welfare state is scared to death of poor people coming in and rich people getting out.;Harry Browne;fear
Hey, we all have our fear. Mine is bugs and lobsters!;Brooke Burke;fear
There are people who never experience that, who remain closed until death, from fear of change.;Isabelle Adjani;fear
The biggest fear I have is to die with regrets, and of course that will come true.;Alexander Payne;fear
If you don't go towards the thing you fear, you won't be able to say you lived.;Sherri Shepherd;fear
I wish I had less fear about creating my own parts.;Kristen Wiig;fear
I'd make a terrible surgeon. The fear of blood? Very high on my list.;Kristen Wiig;fear
I could write an entertaining novel about rejection slips, but I fear it would be overly long.;Louise Brown;fear
Not one has shown an iota of fear of death. They want to end this agony.;Jack Kevorkian;fear
We Hoosiers hold to some quaint notions. Some might say we 'cling' to them, though not out of fear or ignorance. We believe in paying our bills. We have kept our state in the black throughout the recent unpleasantness, while cutting rather than raising taxes, by practicing an old tribal ritual - we spend less money than we take in.;Mitch Daniels;fear
The vehemence with which certain critics have chosen not simply to criticize what I've written, but to challenge my writing this story at all, speaks of what the book is about: fear of disapproval.;Joyce Maynard;fear
I say let's go back to a truer use of the word 'freedom.' Let's start with President Franklin Roosevelt's Four Freedoms: freedom of speech and expression, freedom of worship, freedom from want and freedom from fear. I would add the freedom to bargain collectively. Those freedoms are under attack today.;Richard Trumka;fear
When we are unwilling to draw clear moral lines between free societies and fear societies, when we are unwilling to call the former good and the latter evil, we will not be able to advance the cause of peace because peace cannot be disconnected from freedom.;Natan Sharansky;fear
You know that day after day of, Oh God what am I going to do with myself feeling? The fear of the emptiness that it implies keeps me going.;Anish Kapoor;fear
I find fear is a great motivator to work hard.;Greg Kinnear;fear
They did interviews with my wife and daughter-they were genuinely in fear of me having a heart attack, working 20 hours a day, eating fast food.;Willie Aames;fear
There was a real fear that a euro-zone bank might fail, that we'd have a sovereign debt problem in one of the larger European economies. That's dissipated, thanks largely to the action of the European Central Bank.;George Osborne;fear
We poison our lives with fear of burglary and shipwreck, and, ask anyone, the house is never burgled, and the ship never goes down.;Jean Anouilh;fear
When men don't fear God, they give themselves to evil.;Ray Comfort;fear
I cannot give a single concert at which I do not play one piece after the other in an agony of terror because my memory threatens to fail me. This fear torments me for days beforehand.;Clara Schumann;fear
Worry does not mean fear, but readiness for the confrontation.;Bashar al-Assad;fear
Hope thou not much, and fear thou not at all.;Algernon Charles Swinburne;fear
We must have our say, not through violence, aggression or fear. We must speak out calmly and forcefully. We shall only be able to enter the new world era if we agree to engage in dialogue with the other side.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;fear
People with bad consciences always fear the judgment of children.;Mary McCarthy;fear
As one who participated in all the wars of the state of Israel, I saw the horror of wars. I saw the fear of wars. I saw my best friends being killed in battles. I was seriously injured twice.;Ariel Sharon;fear
The world has nothing to fear from military ambition in our Government.;James K. Polk;fear
I fear other actors who are not prepared. And I fear directors who are afraid.;Tommy Lee Jones;fear
I don't think that anyone seriously fears that the world can be blown to pieces all together. But what one can fear and rightly so are regional things, like in the Middle East, India, Pakistan, the Korean Peninsula, borders in Africa, etc.;Hans Blix;fear
Change creates fear, and technology creates change. Sadly, most people don't behave very well when they are afraid.;Daniel H. Wilson;fear
Part of what Special Olympics is trying to do is break down stereotypes that still exist for people. There is still a lot of fear.;Maria Shriver;fear
The fear of the never-ending onslaught of gizmos and gadgets is nothing new. The radio, the telephone, Facebook - each of these inventions changed the world. Each of them scared the heck out of an older generation. And each of them was invented by people who were in their 20s.;Daniel H. Wilson;fear
I have a fear of poverty in old age. I have this vision of myself living in a skip and eating cat food. It's because I'm freelance, and I've never had a proper job. I don't have a pension, and my savings are dwindling. I always thought someone would just come along and look after me.;Jenny Eclair;fear
Let children read whatever they want and then talk about it with them. If parents and kids can talk together, we won't have as much censorship because we won't have as much fear.;Judy Blume;fear
The books that will never be read. And all due to the fear of censorship. As always, young readers will be the real losers.;Judy Blume;fear
There's so much fear involved in trying to do something you don't know how to do that drugs and alcohol can become a big part of your life if you have an addictive personality or are very unsure, which most songwriters are.;Barry Mann;fear
The things you fear are undefeatable, not by their nature, but by your approach.;Jewel;fear
I live in constant fear of being fired or dropped for that dark part of my work I can't control.;Lynda Barry;fear
The fear for a network is the viewer gets tired of you. Not that you lost any credibility, but they get tired of you.;Terry Bradshaw;fear
But with the right kind of coaching and determination you can accomplish anything and the biggest accomplishment that I feel I got from the film was overcoming that fear.;Reese Witherspoon;fear
We've all had that fear, that despair of losing someone, or this fierce desire because it's not reciprocated. The less reciprocation there is, the more desire we have.;Emmanuelle Beart;fear
I won't touch on risky, because that's subjective. People are just afraid of things too much. Afraid of things that don't necessarily merit fear.;Frank Ocean;fear
He who has conquered doubt and fear has conquered failure.;James Lane Allen;fear
I don't want to wake up and be bored. That's probably my greatest fear is to have nothing to do. What better job is there than to play quarterback for an NFL team, and certainly one that I've been on for a long time and had success with? I don't plan on giving it up any time soon.;Tom Brady;fear
I'm not the type of person to live in fear. I think positively.;David Guetta;fear
Sides are being divided now. It's very obvious. So if you're on the other side of the fence, you're suddenly anti-American. It's breeding fear of being on the wrong side.;Sam Shepard;fear
There is a lot of hype and fear about this much-talked-about prospect of designer babies.;Leon Kass;fear
You don't want too much fear in a market, because people will be blinded to some very good buying opportunities. You don't want too much complacency because people will be blinded to some risk.;Ron Chernow;fear
There is a kind of fear, approaching a panic, that's spreading through the Baby Boom Generation, which has suddenly discovered that it will have to provide for its own retirement.;Ron Chernow;fear
Part of the reason that the government's fear mongering is succeeding is because so many people are so ignorant, that it is easier for government to frighten people in submission.;James Bovard;fear
Action conquers fear.;Peter Nivio Zarlenga;fear
Defeat the fear of death and you welcome the death of fear.;G. Gordon Liddy;fear
