People see you as an object, not as a person, and they project a set of expectations onto you. People who don't have it think beauty is a blessing, but actually it sets you apart.;Candice Bergen;beauty
A child does not notice the greatness and the beauty of nature and the splendor of God in his works.;Rudolf Otto;beauty
Once you go inside and weed through the muck, you will find the real beauty, the truth about yourself.;Lindsay Wagner;beauty
I used to wear a lot of red lipstick, and when I got a pimple, I'd cover it up with eyeliner to turn it into a beauty mark.;Selma Blair;beauty
I'm flatchested, I'm short, I'm brunette, I have droopy eyes, and so people have a hard time casting me as a 'beauty.';Selma Blair;beauty
Doors open because you're beautiful, but I wouldn't cultivate beauty to the exclusion of brains.;Tia Carrere;beauty
Beauty lasts five minutes. Maybe longer if you have a good plastic surgeon.;Tia Carrere;beauty
Beauty is produced by the pleasing appearance and good taste of the whole, and by the dimensions of all the parts being duly proportioned to each other.;Marcus V. Pollio;beauty
That's the beauty of music. You can take a theme from a Bach sacred chorale and improvise. It doesn't make any difference where the theme comes from the treatment of it can be jazz.;Dave Brubeck;beauty
Asian people have a unique way about them and a different sense of beauty. It's exotic to me. I like they way Asians project their feelings. There's a hardness to the culture, but at the same time there's a delicateness.;Paz Vega;beauty
This is the artist, then, life's hungry man, the glutton of eternity, beauty's miser, glory's slave.;Tom Wolfe;beauty
Many attempts have been made by writers on art and poetry to define beauty in the abstract, to express it in the most general terms, to find some universal formula for it.;Walter Pater;beauty
Such discussions help us very little to enjoy what has been well done in art or poetry, to discriminate between what is more and what is less excellent in them, or to use words like beauty, excellence, art, poetry, with a more precise meaning than they would otherwise have.;Walter Pater;beauty
What is important, then, is not that the critic should possess a correct abstract definition of beauty for the intellect, but a certain kind of temperament, the power of being deeply moved by the presence of beautiful objects.;Walter Pater;beauty
One of the most beautiful passages of Rousseau is that in the sixth book of Confessions, where he describes the awakening in him of the literary sense. Of such wisdom, the poetic passion, the desire of beauty, the love of art for its own sake, has most.;Walter Pater;beauty
I mean the beauty of being a writer is it's not like being a swimmer. When they were talking about our Olympic swimmers and they'd say, 'Oh she's so old,' and she's all of 25 or something. So the beauty for a writer is that you can keep doing it right into your dotage, and I hope to be able to keep doing it as long as I can get away with it, yeah.;Geraldine Brooks;beauty
I had a lot of resentment for a while toward Kim Novak. But I don't mind her anymore. She's okay. We've become friends. I even asked her before this trip for some beauty tips.;Kim Novak;beauty
But the beauty of Einstein's equations, for example, is just as real to anyone who's experienced it as the beauty of music. We've learned in the 20th century that the equations that work have inner harmony.;Edward Witten;beauty
I think beauty comes from within. If you're happy and look at life in the best way you can, even when there are problems, it can make you beautiful on the outside.;Faith Hill;beauty
I think there's a great beauty to having problems. That's one of the ways we learn.;Herbie Hancock;beauty
Truth is a thing immortal and perpetual, and it gives to us a beauty that fades not away in time.;Frank Norris;beauty
My quick beauty tip is always have a tinted gloss of some kind to give you some color even if you have no makeup on.;Rachel Bilson;beauty
I think beauty comes from within, and society paints a ridiculous picture.;Rachel Bilson;beauty
My daily beauty regimen consists of washing my face before bed and putting on moisturizer.;Rachel Bilson;beauty
My unusual beauty tip is that I often use Vaseline to take my make up off. It works great and is good for sensitive skin.;Rachel Bilson;beauty
I envy the sensibility in Europe, appreciating beauty in women as they age. I'm going to go that way. I might dye my gray hair for a bit, but beyond that the buck stops. I'm not having any work done.;Rachel Bilson;beauty
You may keep your beauty and your health, unless you destroy them yourself, or discourage them to stay with you, by using them ill.;William Temple;beauty
So every creative act strives to attain an absolute status it longs to create a world of beauty to triumph over chaos and convert it to order.;Rowan D. Williams;beauty
Oh who can tell the range of joy or set the bounds of beauty?;Sara Teasdale;beauty
Music, as many people have said, is the universal language. Of course points are made which make you think about things, but ultimately it makes you feel. And that's why people remember more songs that have meant something during their life than films. They start to define periods in your life, and that's kind of the beauty of it.;Scott Weiland;beauty
No single man can be taken as a model for a perfect figure, for no man lives on earth who is endowed with the whole of beauty.;Albrecht Durer;beauty
Music, art, theater. I'm just a big fan of beauty.;Jerry Hall;beauty
There's a sadness to the human condition that I think music is good for. It gives a counterpoint to the visual beauty, and adds depth to pictures that they wouldn't have if the music wasn't there.;Mike Figgis;beauty
The idea that happiness could have a share in beauty would be too much of a good thing.;Walter Benjamin;beauty
I remember reminding myself that beauty is an opinion, not a fact. And it has always made me feel better.;Hayden Panettiere;beauty
The thought came to me that all one loves in art becomes beautiful. Beauty is nothing but the expression of the fact that something is being loved. Only thus could she be defined.;Robert Musil;beauty
I have a real passion for many aspects of home lifestyle and beauty.;Rachel Roy;beauty
The more people explore the world, the more they realize in every country there's a different aesthetic. Beauty really is in the eye of the beholder.;Helena Christensen;beauty
There will always be a desire for something new, fresh and innovative, as well as a yearning and respect for timeless elegance and beauty.;Helena Christensen;beauty
The difference between utility and utility plus beauty is the difference between telephone wires and the spider web.;Edwin Way Teale;beauty
I felt I had to share Idaho with my friend from New York because he'd shared New York with me, so I was going to share the beauty of nature with a man who went to museums and clubs late at night. But there was nothing to do where I lived at night.;Mariel Hemingway;beauty
Beauty comes from the inside.;Kathy Ireland;beauty
The South is very beautiful but its beauty makes one sad because the lives that people live here, and have lived here, are so ugly.;James Baldwin;beauty
For me, a page of good prose is where one hears the rain and the noise of battle. It has the power to give grief or universality that lends it a youthful beauty.;John Cheever;beauty
After 'Freaks and Geeks,' I dealt with several producers who wanted to cover up all my beauty marks, every single mole on my body. They tried to cover them on my first two episodes of 'Dawson's Creek,' and it just looked ridiculous, so I had to put my foot down. But it's not something I'm insecure about.;Busy Philipps;beauty
I recognize in thieves, traitors and murderers, in the ruthless and the cunning, a deep beauty - a sunken beauty.;Jean Genet;beauty
As a mom, I don't have much time for beauty.;Idina Menzel;beauty
The pattern of a newspaperman's life is like the plot of 'Black Beauty.' Sometimes he finds a kind master who gives him a dry stall and an occasional bran mash in the form of a Christmas bonus, sometimes he falls into the hands of a mean owner who drives him in spite of spavins and expects him to live on potato peelings.;A. J. Liebling;beauty
The beauty of doing film is that you construct whatever you do block by block and you can build something that will stay.;Michel Gondry;beauty
As a girl, you're supposed to love Sleeping Beauty. I mean, who wants to love Sleeping Beauty when you can be Aladdin?;Ellen Page;beauty
I believe it's time that women truly owned their superpowers and used their beauty and strength to change the world around them.;Janelle Monae;beauty
Some songs you get. Some songs you may not. And I think that's the beauty of art: to question and to ask, to understand the deeper meaning after two or three or four listenings.;Janelle Monae;beauty
I know that I've got big ears and a big forehead and that my hair sticks up. But I'm happy with myself. I'm not necessarily trying to win a beauty pageant here.;Clay Aiken;beauty
My theory of characterization is basically this: Put some dirt on a hero, and put some sunshine on the villain, one brush stroke of beauty on the villain.;Justin Cronin;beauty
I think the beauty looks I most regret are those I was persuaded into.;Dita Von Teese;beauty
Physical beauty isn't so impressive to me.;Dita Von Teese;beauty
I love glamour and artificial beauty. I love the idea of artifice and dressing up and makeup and hair.;Dita Von Teese;beauty
My beauty icons are women whose images are self-created.;Dita Von Teese;beauty
I really believe that beauty comes from health - sensible eating and exercise.;Dita Von Teese;beauty
I do not see any beauty in self-restraint.;Mary MacLane;beauty
Beauty and the Beast seemed like it all was really brown. The whole thing was just so brown and orange and yellow, like Burger King or something. I don't think I would have liked Beauty and the Beast at any age.;Mike Judge;beauty
All things are perceived in the light of charity, and hence under the aspect of beauty for beauty is simply reality seen with the eyes of love.;Evelyn Underhill;beauty
Solitude has its own very strange beauty to it.;Liv Tyler;beauty
Blanche talks about aging, and why should she be considered poor, because physical beauty is transitory and fading and she has such richness of the soul. I think that speech is so beautiful, and so telling and so true.;Delta Burke;beauty
The real message of the Dance opens up the vistas of life to all who have the urge to express beauty with no other instrument than their own bodies, with no apparatus and no dependence on anything other than space.;Ruth St. Denis;beauty
I have a desire to create more film, more beauty, more art, more love, but I don't feel desperate. It's not about creating or building a career.;Lisa Bonet;beauty
Boxing is my real passion. I can go to ballet, theatre, movies, or other sporting events... and nothing is like the fights to me. I'm excited by the visual beauty of it. A boxer can look so spectacular by doing a good job.;LeRoy Neiman;beauty
I needed to be in the bush. There I find solitude and beauty and purity and focus. That's where my heart lies.;Mark Burnett;beauty
It's just poetry, beauty and love. How hard can that be to act?;Robin Wright Penn;beauty
Never once does 'Snow White' herself look in the mirror so she isn't aware of her beauty or what apparently that does to people. It's really just the queen and the prince that talk about it.;Lily Collins;beauty
It is, finally, a word is untimely in three different senses, and bearing it as one's treasure will not win one anyone's favours one rather risks finding oneself outside everyone's camp... Beauty is the word that shall be our first.;Hans Urs von Balthasar;beauty
I didn't grow up identifying with beauty. I grew up thinking I could be smart and funny - those are the things I got feedback on.;Lauren Graham;beauty
Even if you play perfectly, a fault of your opponent's can destroy the entire beauty of the game.;Vladimir Kramnik;beauty
When I speak of the beauty of a game of chess, then naturally this is subjective. Beauty can be found in a very technical, mathematical game for example. That is the beauty of clarity.;Vladimir Kramnik;beauty
My mama told me in college, 'I love you, and you're God's child, but natural beauty will only take you so far.';Robin Roberts;beauty
I have learned that acting is not about beauty.;Vincent Cassel;beauty
Proportions are what makes the old Greek temples classic in their beauty. They are like huge blocks, from which the air has been literally hewn out between the columns.;Arne Jacobsen;beauty
I am thrilled to be able to bring my vision of beauty to others who may be inspired by it.;Carol Alt;beauty
I'm still figuring out why people would want to look at me. Maybe it's generic beauty, but it's weird to be valued for something I was born with.;Josie Maran;beauty
It's hard to say what drives a three year-old, but I think I had a sense that nature was my solace, and nature was a place in which there was beauty, in which there was order.;Story Musgrave;beauty
It's not fair the emphasis put on beauty, or on sexuality.;Rosanna Arquette;beauty
Every article on these islands has an almost personal character, which gives this simple life, where all art is unknown, something of the artistic beauty of medieval life.;John Millington Synge;beauty
But when I was twelve years old I caught my first strong glimpse of one of the fundamental forces of existence, whose votary I was destined to be for life - namely, Beauty.;Georg Brandes;beauty
Nothing can atone for the lack of modesty without which beauty is ungraceful and wit detestable.;Richard Steele;beauty
So, we just kind of created our own thing and that's part of the beauty of Athens: is that it's so off the map and there's no way you could ever be the East Village or an L.A. scene or a San Francisco scene, that it just became its own thing.;Michael Stipe;beauty
The beauty of voice-over work is that maybe you come in and record once every two weeks for a couple of hours and do a couple episodes a session. It's awesome! You spend an afternoon playing in the booth, and there you have it. It doesn't interfere with much.;Emmanuelle Chriqui;beauty
My mom was an aesthetician and she went to beauty school back in the '60s. I just remember watching her do her makeup all the time. She always had her nails done, makeup on - her face was ready to go when she went out. I loved it.;Emmanuelle Chriqui;beauty
I grew up in a family where we weren't allowed to talk about beauty or to put any emphasis on physical appearance.;Pam Grier;beauty
This whole beauty thing is something I've never comprehended.;Pam Grier;beauty
I thought of Paris as a beauty spot on the face of the earth, and of London as a big freckle.;James Weldon Johnson;beauty
We tell them that we believe it will be beautiful because that is our specialty, we only create joy and beauty. We have never done a sad work. Through the drawings, we hope a majority will be able to visualize it.;Christo;beauty
And for me, the real world involves everything: risk, danger, beauty, energy, all we meet with in the real world.;Christo;beauty
Throughout the centuries, man has considered himself beautiful. I rather suppose that man only believes in his own beauty out of pride that he is not really beautiful and he suspects this himself for why does he look on the face of his fellow-man with such scorn?;Isidore Ducasse Lautreamont;beauty
Poetry a criticism of life under the conditions fixed for such a criticism by the laws of poetic truth and poetic beauty.;Matthew Arnold;beauty
The concept of active cooperation has taken the place of opposition to the new form of government and of dreamy resignation entranced with the beauty of times past.;Gustav Stresemann;beauty
We say we want to create beauty, identity, quality, singularity. And yet, maybe in truth these cities that we have are desired. Maybe their very characterlessness provides the best context for living.;Rem Koolhaas;beauty
He was afflicted by the thought that where Beauty was, nothing ever ran quite straight, which no doubt, was why so many people looked on it as immoral.;John Galsworthy;beauty
Americans worship creativity the way they worship physical beauty - as a way of enjoying elitism without guilt: God did it.;Florence King;beauty
I was amazed and upset by the looks I got just walking around the studio... It illuminates the ugliness and the beauty that exists within each of us, and that's what this story represents to me.;Gerard Butler;beauty
