I'm constantly pitching one episode where we see life through Castle's eyes. I think Castle's just a little off as far as his perception goes. A very, very clever man, but I want to see the world as Castle sees it - kind of a rose-colored glasses, all the women find him irresistible, all the guys find him super cool and do whatever he says.;Nathan Fillion;cool
I'm comfortable only when there's a mutual attraction. That's what anyone wants. If I find out she's not attracted to me, it brings down my level of attraction to her. If I'm interested and find out she's not, I tend to cool off.;Nathan Fillion;cool
I think my printing to this day looks like the printing right out of a comic book. Actually, I always wanted to be in a comic book. I watched cartoons when I was a kid, too, and both comics and cartoons lit fire in my imagination. This realm holds a lot of interest for me, a lot of passion for me. So to be comic-ized, yeah, that's cool.;Nathan Fillion;cool
I remember my first test in F1. After five laps, I came back to the pits and tried to play it cool - 'Oh yeah, I'm fine, I'm on top of this' - but I was completely lost.;Sebastian Vettel;cool
That's the hardest thing about being a mom. You want to be cool, and you want them to like you all the time, but you can't always have that. You're gonna have times where you have to say no, and you won't be the most popular person in the house.;Martina McBride;cool
Traveling to Russia and Germany and being able to see the world at a young age was really cool for me, and I really liked that.;Mia Wasikowska;cool
Music is music, ultimately. If it makes you feel good, cool.;Prince;cool
Me and my dad are friends. We're cool. I'll never be disappointed again, because I don't expect anything anymore from him. I just let him exist, and that's how we get along.;Drake;cool
At the age of 11 I was about 6 ft. tall and my voice had completely broken. That caused problems. I was this gangly, spotty, very unattractive kid. I wasn't cool and I wasn't a nerd. I didn't even want to fit in with anyone.;Dan Stevens;cool
When I left Europe in 1987 I did so with the thought that my relevance as a composition teacher would benefit from a certain cool distance to certain tendencies I had been observing for several years with increasing disquiet.;Brian Ferneyhough;cool
I like cool jackets - a nice fall or winter coat. You can get a lot of use out of it, and you'll wear it frequently, so it can really set the tone of your uniform for the season.;John Legend;cool
Our career is a dream. I mean, we get to act, travel around the world, and meet cool people. What's not to love!;Mary-Kate Olsen;cool
Edie Sedgwick had a cool style she pushed the envelope for the time.;Taylor Momsen;cool
The thing people don't understand is that touring or travelling or whatever you do in my position means you go to all these cool places all over the world, but you see everything from a car window. You don't get to see much of the city or meet people at all.;Taylor Momsen;cool
My legs are really long and that's cool apparently, but I'm totally klutzy. I mean, I'm like Bambi. I fall all over myself because I can't control my arms and my really long legs.;Taylor Momsen;cool
Well, a sort of epiphany: I was in a great band. And it's very cool to be at 53 and realise that when you were a kid you were in a great band.;Bob Geldof;cool
It's the same with visual arts, you have some really cool, wonderful striking images that make you think and then again you have wonderful striking images that just take you away from the existing world for a second. And I like the latter a bit more.;Ville Valo;cool
We aren't cool and never will be.;Chris Martin;cool
My family moved - first to Washington, D.C., and then, in the spring of 1975, to Lebanon, where my father worked as a diplomat at the American embassy. My parents were enthusiastic about the move, so my older brother and I felt like we were off to some place kind of cool.;Greg Kinnear;cool
Playing and singing at the same time is pretty cool, but sometimes it's difficult to know when you can just really let go a bit because you've got to get back to bloody microphone and sing some stuff.;Graham Coxon;cool
If a musician wants to be an actor, everyone thinks that's pretty cool. But if an actor wants to play a song, even if they've been doing it for 40 years, that's bad news.;John Hawkes;cool
Jazz took too much discipline. You have to come in at the right place, which is different than me singing the blues, where I can sing, 'Oh, baby,' if there's a pause in the melody. With jazz, you better leave that space open, or put in something real cool.;Etta James;cool
It's always cool to meet people who can do things that you have no capacity to do.;Kevin James;cool
I'd like to see a world free of strife, stress, pain, hunger, war - a cool place where everyone could live.;Dionne Warwick;cool
It's cool to play a sinister bad guy who also has a human side.;Lukas Haas;cool
Sitting at the table during Color Purple and looking up and suddenly realizing I was acting in front of Steven Spielberg, was pretty cool. It was pretty good.;Whoopi Goldberg;cool
Growing up, politics never trickled down to the areas we come from. But people from Obama's camp, and Obama himself, reached out to me and asked for my help on the campaign. We've sat and had dinner, and we've spoken on the phone. He's a very sharp guy. Very charming. Very cool.;Jay-Z;cool
You make your first album, you make some money, and you feel like you still have to show face, like 'I still go to the projects.' I'm like, why? Your job is to inspire people from your neighborhood to get out. You grew up there. What makes you think it's so cool?;Jay-Z;cool
The cool part of being an entertainer is getting the opportunity to get your feet wet in all areas.;Paula Abdul;cool
Someone once told me that something they really liked about me was that they thought that I was really down to earth and not high-maintenance. I think that was cool. It's important to stay grounded.;Victoria Justice;cool
I think it's really cool how J. Lo's been able to balance an acting career and a music career. That's something I strive for.;Victoria Justice;cool
I went to Catholic high school for half a year and religion wasn't the cool thing to talk about even at a catholic high school. It never came up.;Mandy Moore;cool
But, on another level it's really sort of this really cool coming of age story, it reminds me of like The Breakfast Club or something like that, if I can be so bold to associate with The Breakfast Club.;Will Estes;cool
Having been to Europe and working and traveling there, the restaurants my wife and I remember were always off the beaten trail restaurants. So I tried to seek a little 'off the beaten trail,' but cool area.;Todd English;cool
When people recognise me they just kind of go 'Hi how are you,' really kind of cool you know.;Rachel Stevens;cool
I love the song 'El Rey.' And for years, I never knew what the song was totally about. It was something new for me. I'd never sung a song in Spanish before. Then I got the translation and saw what a really cool song it was.;George Strait;cool
All this stuff is so mind-blowing to me that I get to do in my life. Throwing the first pitch out at the White Sox game on a random Wednesday? Like who am I? How did I get this life? I'm glad I'm not jaded, and little kids are the least jaded people in the entire world, so it's fun to be around people that still find wonder in how cool things are.;Jonah Hill;cool
'Allen Gregory' came about because we wanted an animated show and we were just tossing around some ideas about me playing a 7-year-old. We thought that would be cool, because we couldn't do that in real life.;Jonah Hill;cool
Even though my father was a radio comedian, it wasn't cool to say, at a young age, 'I want to be a comedian.';Albert Brooks;cool
I was terribly shy when I was growing up, I really wasn't confident with other people and I think I was always afraid of up or not being this very cool, amazing person that I wanted to be.;Emily Mortimer;cool
51st State was one that I loved doing because the character was so out there, and in a way I was sad to leave the character behind. I'm afraid I could never be that cool in real life!;Emily Mortimer;cool
I'm physically completely mal-coordinated. My best friend used to make me run for the bus just to give herself a quick, cheap laugh because I definitely don't have that sophisticated cool thing down.;Emily Mortimer;cool
I was not a good-lookin' girl. I was extremely skinny. I wasn't pretty. I wasn't cool.;Celine Dion;cool
It's cool to go to a place that has posters up and it's one night only. It feels more special.;Todd Barry;cool
In my hometown there is a pub named after me - The Frome Flyer on Jenson Avenue. How cool is that?!;Jenson Button;cool
I was in a really crummy pop-punk band. I think we did a whole bunch of Blink-182 covers, and we were on the fringe of losers and jocks. So we invited all the cool kids to come watch us play in our bass player's brother's bedroom. And it was terrible, but everyone thought we were so cool.;Nate Ruess;cool
I think it's really cool, but Jimmy Eat World and Gin Blossoms did it better than anyone. People don't realize just how awesome the Arizona history is, especially for alternative music. Growing up, that's all I ever wanted to be was those two bands.;Nate Ruess;cool
I'm a fan of designers and clothes that look beautiful, but more importantly, make me feel beautiful and confident. It's why I've always loved Stella McCartney, and more recently, Prabal Gurung. Their pieces are cool, yet timeless, and the fits are effortlessly flattering.;Shay Mitchell;cool
In high school I was an outcast... I wasn't cool to hang out with. I ate my lunch in a bathroom stall because that was the one place I could go where I wouldn't been seen.;Shay Mitchell;cool
Most of the time you're too busy to think about it. But every now and then you say, 'I work at 'Saturday Night Live,' and that is so cool.;Tina Fey;cool
I wanted to escape Small Town U.S.A. To dismiss the boundaries, to explore. My life experience came from watching movies, TV, and reading books and magazines. When your culture comes from watching TV everyday, you're bombarded with images of things that seem cool, places that seem interesting, people who have jobs and careers and opportunities.;Trent Reznor;cool
As an investor, what we're not looking for is 'oh this is a cool app,' it's 'is this something that can become a big business?' You need to find those that can become real businesses.;Niklas Zennstrom;cool
I'm a comic book artist. So I think to myself, what do I like to draw? I like to draw hot chicks, fast cars and cool guys in trench coats. So that's what I write about.;Frank Miller;cool
I thought Daredevil was kind of cool because he couldn't do anything. I mean, he's blind. It wasn't that he could fly. His major power was an impediment. So I was intrigued. When I took over he was kind of like Spider-Man-lite, but I was able to project a lot of my Catholic imagery onto it. And I'd always wanted to do a crime comic.;Frank Miller;cool
But acting is very much a profession that is you're hot one moment and not the next - and that is totally cool. I think that's what I find most fascinating and most exciting about it - is that it can be gone in a puff of smoke.;Keira Knightley;cool
Man, I love the 'Lord of the Rings' movies. Some people would say I'm weird for liking those types of movies, but they are so cool.;Robert Griffin III;cool
Robert De Niro... It seemed like a pretty cool thing to do to put his name on my resume next.;Famke Janssen;cool
I don't count on the boy who waits till October, when it's cool and fun, then decides he wants to play.;Darrell Royal;cool
Apparently it's cool to watch The Daily Show.;Rob Corddry;cool
That was cool and that sucked all at the same time.;Adam Savage;cool
If your album sells, that's cool, more people find out about you, more people get turned on to what we're really about-which is a live rock and roll band.;Nikki Sixx;cool
When I look at President Obama, I see a leader with a cool head, a caring heart and an open mind, a president who has demonstrated through his demeanor and through his deeds that he is uniquely qualified to heal our divisions, rebuild our nation and lead us to a brighter future together.;Charlie Crist;cool
When the soul drifts uncertainly between life and the dream, between the mind's disorder and the return to cool reflection, it is in religious thought that we should seek consolation.;Gerard De Nerval;cool
I represent the kids who come from nothing but who understand it all and love it all. That's what I represent - those are the cool kids, you know, the kids of tomorrow, because who would've known that I'd be who I am today? We are the kids of tomorrow.;ASAP Rocky;cool
When I was 24, I was full of life. I was that ham who wanted to be famous, a movie star, all that stuff. I think it's cool. But it was not what I was searching for, really. It was more a delusion.;Jean Claude Van Damme;cool
We have newsreaders behaving like actors, lowering their voices if it's a sad story, as if we didn't know it's a sad story. There isn't a single cool newsreader.;Tom Baker;cool
Sydney in the 1960s wasn't the exuberant multicultural metropolis it is today. Out in the city's western reaches, days passed in a sun-struck stupor. In the evenings, families gathered on their verandas waiting for the 'southerly buster' - the thunderstorm that would break the heat and leave the air cool enough to allow sleep.;Geraldine Brooks;cool
I've had fans come and knock on my door. I'm usually polite, but I'm usually very direct and say, 'It's not cool that you come here uninvited.';Gary Allan;cool
I was a 'Duck Hunt' and 'Mario' guy, and stuff like that. I was never technologically driven. I never had all the cool, new toys. I was the youngest child, I wasn't the only child, so I wasn't spoiled as a kid. And, we were on the farm, so we didn't have a lot. Also, with computers, I'm not very good with them. I just check my email.;Garrett Hedlund;cool
What's weird is that I work with these directors and then I start channeling them. I kind of turn into them a bit - which is cool when you're working with Clint Eastwood.;Jamie Bell;cool
I think that Obama is very cool. And I think he's clever, and I think he can be witty. But I don't think he's funny in either the way that Reagan was funny - or John McCain and Dick Cheney are both funny in that ruthless, kind of mean way.;Mo Rocca;cool
We do this basically for ourselves. People appreciate it, which is cool, but I think they appreciate that we're doing it for ourselves. We're doing it our way, and how people like it is not up to us. We like it.;James Hetfield;cool
In Hollywood today, it's cool for guys to wear nail polish and earrings in their lips and tongues. I don't get it.;Scott Caan;cool
If only media people would stop reaching for the low-hanging fruit, which is cynicism and pessimism, and stopped trying so hard to be hip and cool and have a swagger.;Emilio Estevez;cool
I'm an actor. I try to play a character in a really cool story, the very best I can.;Matthew Fox;cool
I wasn't one of the cool kids by any stretch. I just bumbled along really.;Matthew Rhys;cool
Well, it's a little harder in New York. It's not as forgiving to a film crew. You hold up a bunch of New Yorkers who can't cross the street, they're not going to take it well. Southern California? They'll wait. It's cool man. In New York, they're like, 'Are you kidding me? I gotta get to work.';Matthew Rhys;cool
When I was younger, the pressure was just being cool. I never thought of myself as a cool guy. I always thought of myself as more of the goofy guy.;Paul Walker;cool
I could finally quit my job as a bartender and stop dreaming that I might be Superman and know that I was. Then I started thinking about how cool it was.;Brandon Routh;cool
I really love rap music. I grew up in the '80s and '90s with Public Enemy, N.W.A., LL Cool J - I'm a hip-hop encyclopedia. But I got kind of frustrated with the chauvinistic side of rap music, the one that makes it hard to write songs about love and relationships.;Mayer Hawthorne;cool
There aren't as many girl superheroes, but there are cool ones. Banshee, for instance.;Kat Dennings;cool
I'd love to be an artist that's multifaceted. At the moment, I am not. But wouldn't that be cool if I was like, 'Yeah, let me pull out my guitar and play you a song.' I would adore that. I am so far not gifted in that way. But I am a very hard worker and a very determined person, so who knows?;Anne Hathaway;cool
I'm thought of as a cool, unemotional dancer, but inside I'm not.;Suzanne Farrell;cool
My sister has three kids so I've spent a lot of time around children and I've always really liked them and wanted my own. It's cool because you think all babies are the same but they aren't at all. They all have such different personalities. It's crazy.;Bode Miller;cool
It's very cool to be able to say that my first real film was 'Footloose' and my second film I got to star alongside Tom Cruise and Catherine Zeta-Jones.;Julianne Hough;cool
But live shows are cool. I just got back into the idea of enjoying it live.;Graham Coxon;cool
Lonnie was ahead of his time, but at the same time he was right in there with Albert Collins's Cool Sounds.;Stevie Ray Vaughan;cool
I always looked really young for my age. And once I hit 23, 24 and 25, I was then allowed to play the cool 18-year-olds and stuff.;Ben Barnes;cool
I get recognised sometimes, and that's really cool. I've tried certain disguises, but that doesn't work.;Rupert Grint;cool
For me the stunts are so cool, they're one of my favourite things when we're doing the film.;Rupert Grint;cool
People recognize me, call me Ron, and ask me questions. It's really cool and weird as well.;Rupert Grint;cool
I'd like to have the flying car, I think that'd be really cool.;Rupert Grint;cool
My band is so dedicated, everybody works very hard. The No. 1 priority is the show, and it's pretty cool because we all pull together, and it's fun. It's like being on a sports team or something.;Bob Seger;cool
I think Al Gore has done a great service in making global warming cool. He's basically taken it from a nerdy, almost ignored issue to making it what it is - namely, a problem.;Bjorn Lomborg;cool
For a long time the people at my shows were sort of the Pantera-tattoo trucker guys, really cool dudes, but I don't know what happened to them. That's the crowd that I like, the ones that don't get so offended just to be offended.;Dave Attell;cool
I don't watch reality TV. I'm cool.;Dave Attell;cool
The band feels loose in all the right ways, and it's just so cool looking out and seeing all of these people that I haven't seen in a while.;Trey Anastasio;cool
You know, you grow up with the image of John Travolta being super cool - 'Saturday Night Fever,' Brian De Palma, handsome young god... he, in reality, is a very silly man. And I mean that in a good way. He'll walk around the set talking in little weird voices, making people laugh.;Eric Stoltz;cool
What's cool about indie rock is that one band can do effectively the same thing as another band, and one band nails it, and the other one doesn't. I like that elusiveness.;Andrew Bird;cool
