I was married to someone who wanted me to change. Become more adult, more responsible. I began not to like myself, not like what I do. I lost my identity. Everything began collapsing around me.;Marilyn Manson;change
Exploiting people's emotions of fear, envy and anxiety is not hope, it's not change, it's partisanship. We don't need partisanship. We don't need demagoguery, we need solutions.;Paul Ryan;change
Millions of young Americans have graduated from college during the Obama presidency, ready to use their gifts and get moving in life. Half of them can't find the work they studied for, or any work at all. So here's the question: Without a change in leadership, why would the next four years be any different from the last four years?;Paul Ryan;change
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.;Robin Williams;change
Nothing is so perfectly amusing as a total change of ideas.;Laurence Sterne;change
The way of the Creative works through change and transformation, so that each thing receives its true nature and destiny and comes into permanent accord with the Great Harmony: this is what furthers and what perseveres.;Alexander Pope;change
I still believe that if your aim is to change the world, journalism is a more immediate short-term weapon.;Tom Stoppard;change
As another has well said, to handicap a student by teaching him that his black face is a curse and that his struggle to change his condition is hopeless is the worst sort of lynching.;Carter G. Woodson;change
The hope and change the Democrats had in mind was nothing more than a retread of the failed and discredited socialist policies that have been the enemy of freedom for centuries all over the world. I fear America is teetering towards tyranny.;Jim DeMint;change
As you navigate through the rest of your life, be open to collaboration. Other people and other people's ideas are often better than your own. Find a group of people who challenge and inspire you, spend a lot of time with them, and it will change your life.;Amy Poehler;change
Change is certain. Peace is followed by disturbances departure of evil men by their return. Such recurrences should not constitute occasions for sadness but realities for awareness, so that one may be happy in the interim.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;change
As human beings, we are vulnerable to confusing the unprecedented with the improbable. In our everyday experience, if something has never happened before, we are generally safe in assuming it is not going to happen in the future, but the exceptions can kill you and climate change is one of those exceptions.;Al Gore;change
We have a powerful potential in out youth, and we must have the courage to change old ideas and practices so that we may direct their power toward good ends.;Mary McLeod Bethune;change
We teach people that they upset themselves. We can't change the past, so we change how people are thinking, feeling and behaving today.;Albert Ellis;change
Willingness to change is a strength, even if it means plunging part of the company into total confusion for a while.;Jack Welch;change
Words do not change their meanings so drastically in the course of centuries as, in our minds, names do in the course of a year or two.;Marcel Proust;change
Some people change when they think they're a star or something.;Paris Hilton;change
To me, eyewear goes way beyond being a prescription. It's like makeup. It's the most incredible accessory. The shape of a frame or the color of lenses can change your whole appearance.;Vera Wang;change
I want to change things for the better, just like everybody else.;Henry Rollins;change
Do not let circumstances control you. You change your circumstances.;Jackie Chan;change
My greatest challenge has been to change the mindset of people. Mindsets play strange tricks on us. We see things the way our minds have instructed our eyes to see.;Muhammad Yunus;change
Negroes - Sweet and docile, Meek, humble, and kind: Beware the day - They change their mind.;Langston Hughes;change
Change of weather is the discourse of fools.;Thomas Fuller;change
Ah! how annoying that the law doesn't allow a woman to change husbands just as one does shirts.;Moliere;change
You know, I don't really do that much looking inside me when I'm working on a project. Whatever I am becomes what that film is. But I change you change.;Steven Spielberg;change
The thing that lies at the foundation of positive change, the way I see it, is service to a fellow human being.;Lee Iacocca;change
You don't have to be the Dalai Lama to tell people that life's about change.;John Cleese;change
I am not trying to change the world. I am just offering my gift that God gave me, and if somebody is moved by it, that's beautiful.;Lenny Kravitz;change
People are starting to go on about my weight but I'm not going to change my size because they don't like the way I look.;Adele;change
But I think talent as a writer is hard-wired in, it's all there, at least the basic elements of it. You can't change it any more than you can choose whether to be right handed or left handed.;Stephen King;change
There are many things we do not want about the world. Let us not just mourn them. Let us change them.;Ferdinand Marcos;change
My notion of a wife at 40 is that a man should be able to change her, like a bank note, for two 20s.;Warren Beatty;change
No change in musical style will survive unless it is accompanied by a change in clothing style. Rock is to dress up to.;Frank Zappa;change
People got insights into what was bothering them, but they hardly did a damn thing to change.;Albert Ellis;change
Change happens by listening and then starting a dialogue with the people who are doing something you don't believe is right.;Jane Goodall;change
You can change friends but not neighbours.;Atal Bihari Vajpayee;change
We like to think about how smart we are. But I think talent as a writer is hard-wired in, it's all there, at least the basic elements of it. You can't change it any more than you can choose whether to be right handed or left handed.;Stephen King;change
Ethics and equity and the principles of justice do not change with the calendar.;David Herbert Lawrence;change
Swearing is industry language. For as long as we're alive it's not going to change. You've got to be boisterous to get results.;Gordon Ramsay;change
If people don't like me for whatever I do, for being me, then that's too bad. I don't want to change to be something that I'm not for other people to like me.;Vanessa Hudgens;change
Strong characters are brought out by change of situation, and gentle ones by permanence.;Jean Paul;change
In America the schools have become too permissive, the kids now are controlling the schools, the tail is wagging the dog. We've got to make a change there and get it back to where the teachers have control of the classrooms.;Chuck Norris;change
Hip-hop is supposed to uplift and create, to educate people on a larger level and to make a change.;Doug E. Fresh;change
In a free society, government reflects the soul of its people. If people want change at the top, they will have to live in different ways. Our major social problems are not the cause of our decadence. They are a reflection of it.;Cal Thomas;change
We used to think that revolutions are the cause of change. Actually it is the other way around: change prepares the ground for revolution.;Eric Hoffer;change
Folks, the most insidious part of this whole health care scheme is that all of these vast medical expenditures will become nothing more than government budget items. We individuals will no longer exist. The relationship between a government and citizen will change forever.;Rush Limbaugh;change
We have domesticated God's transcendence. We often learn about God at about the same time as we are learning about Santa Claus but our ideas about Santa Claus change, mature and become more nuanced, whereas our ideas of God can remain at a rather infantile level.;Karen Armstrong;change
We should learn to accept that change is truly the only thing that's going on always, and learn to ride with it and enjoy it.;Alice Walker;change
We first fought... in the name of religion, then Communism, and now in the name of drugs and terrorism. Our excuses for global domination always change.;Serj Tankian;change
Opinions alter, manners change, creeds rise and fall, but the moral laws are written on the table of eternity.;Lord Acton;change
I have always thought that change you can see and feel is best.;Henry Rollins;change
I don't think people change. I think they definitely mature. But I think the essence of what I am today is the same as when I was five years old. It's just maturity. I've become a healthier, fuller expression of that essence.;Ricky Williams;change
What starts the process, really, are laughs and slights and snubs when you are a kid. If your anger is deep enough and strong enough, you learn that you can change those attitudes by excellence, personal gut performance.;Richard M. Nixon;change
Well I do think, when there are more women, that the tone of the conversation changes, and also the goals of the conversation change. But it doesn't mean that the whole world would be a lot better if it were totally run by women. If you think that, you've forgotten high school.;Madeleine Albright;change
While the river of life glides along smoothly, it remains the same river only the landscape on either bank seems to change.;Max Muller;change
Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others.;Gerald Jampolsky;change
Ignorance is always afraid of change.;Jawaharlal Nehru;change
I'm a Gemini, so I change my mind every day.;Natalie Portman;change
I have always argued that change becomes stressful and overwhelming only when you've lost any sense of the constancy of your life. You need firm ground to stand on. From there, you can deal with that change.;Richard Nelson Bolles;change
Work and struggle and never accept an evil that you can change.;Andre Gide;change
Men may change their climate, but they cannot change their nature. A man that goes out a fool cannot ride or sail himself into common sense.;Joseph Addison;change
Americans have so far put up with inequality because they felt they could change their status. They didn't mind others being rich, as long as they had a path to move up as well. The American Dream is all about social mobility in a sense - the idea that anyone can make it.;Fareed Zakaria;change
Change means movement. Movement means friction. Only in the frictionless vacuum of a nonexistent abstract world can movement or change occur without that abrasive friction of conflict.;Saul Alinsky;change
It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory.;W. Edwards Deming;change
The most useless are those who never change through the years.;James M. Barrie;change
Become a student of change. It is the only thing that will remain constant.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;change
Those who visit foreign nations, but associate only with their own country-men, change their climate, but not their customs. They see new meridians, but the same men and with heads as empty as their pockets, return home with traveled bodies, but untravelled minds.;Charles Caleb Colton;change
It is proof of a base and low mind for one to wish to think with the masses or majority, merely because the majority is the majority. Truth does not change because it is, or is not, believed by a majority of the people.;Giordano Bruno;change
Let the great world spin for ever down the ringing grooves of change.;Alfred Lord Tennyson;change
Habits change into character.;Ovid;change
Every daring attempt to make a great change in existing conditions, every lofty vision of new possibilities for the human race, has been labeled Utopian.;Emma Goldman;change
Teachers can change lives with just the right mix of chalk and challenges.;Joyce Meyer;change
You cannot expect to achieve new goals or move beyond your present circumstances unless you change.;Les Brown;change
I don't believe that if I came out as bisexual the world will change. But it's really important for people to be truthful about who they are and fight for equality. We need to help the world usher itself into the next phase.;Olivia Thirlby;change
It's time to get real, folks. Hope and change ain't working. Hope and change is not a solution. Hope and change is not a job.;Herman Cain;change
As a kid I had buck teeth and braces and acne. I hated what I saw. I'm still not comfortable, but that's why I change and adapt the way I look.;Marilyn Manson;change
Movies always are open to being remade because times change so much, and the tempo of movies changes. I think of it like a James Bond. They can have different actors play the same role... I've had people come up to me and say, 'We want to remake 'The Jerk' with so and so.' And I say, 'Fine.' It just doesn't bother me. It's an honor actually.;Steve Martin;change
There is no such thing as liberty. You only change one sort of domination for another. All we can do is to choose our master.;David Herbert Lawrence;change
Change is not merely necessary to life - it is life.;Alvin Toffler;change
The range of what we think and do is limited by what we fail to notice. And because we fail to notice that we fail to notice, there is little we can do to change until we notice how failing to notice shapes our thoughts and deeds.;R. D. Laing;change
I know that my race must change.;Chief Joseph;change
Enjoying success requires the ability to adapt. Only by being open to change will you have a true opportunity to get the most from your talent.;Nolan Ryan;change
There are things I can't force. I must adjust. There are times when the greatest change needed is a change of my viewpoint.;Denis Diderot;change
I was born not knowing and have had only a little time to change that here and there.;Richard P. Feynman;change
It's impossible, I think, however much I'd become disillusioned politically or evolve into a post-political person, I don't think I'd ever change my view that socialism is the best political moment humans have ever come up with.;Christopher Hitchens;change
When you are young and healthy, it never occurs to you that in a single second your whole life could change.;Annette Funicello;change
As human beings we do change, grow, adapt, perhaps even learn and become wiser.;Wendy Carlos;change
Time is neutral and does not change things. With courage and initiative, leaders change things.;Jesse Jackson;change
Only idiots refuse to change their minds.;Brigitte Bardot;change
You can't stay the same. If you're a musician and a singer, you have to change, that's the way it works.;Van Morrison;change
All is connected... no one thing can change by itself.;Paul Hawken;change
For real change, we need feminine energy in the management of the world. We need a critical number of women in positions of power, and we need to nurture the feminine energy in men.;Isabel Allende;change
It is quite annoying that we have to change the sound we invented just to avoid sounding like people who simply copy us, but... it is flattering and of course challenging.;Jonathan Davis;change
I believe we are on an irreversible trend toward more freedom and democracy - but that could change.;Dan Quayle;change
Television is like the invention of indoor plumbing. It didn't change people's habits. It just kept them inside the house.;Alfred Hitchcock;change
I told you I'm not going to criticize my successor. I'll just tell you that there are people at Gitmo that will kill American people at a drop of a hat and I don't believe that persuasion isn't going to work. Therapy isn't going to cause terrorists to change their mind.;George W. Bush;change
No, I don't regret anything at this point. That may change on the next phone call, but at the moment I don't regret anything.;William Shatner;change
I went through life like an idiot for a great deal of the time, saying there's nothing I would change. That was a very arrogant thing to say. There's a lot I would change. There are people I would have steered clear of.;Hugh Leonard;change
Political Correctness doesn't change us, it shuts us up.;Glenn Beck;change
