I always was drawn to the performing arts. I started dancing when I was two. I sang, loved to act, and loved going to visit my mom on-set. But she wanted me to have a normal childhood, so I wasn't really allowed to pursue acting till I got older.;Rainey Qualley;mom
My mom is a really good cook. I didn't get the cooking gene, but she cooks this really amazing dinner every Christmas, and that's always really fun.;Miranda Cosgrove;mom
Last time I spoke to my mom she called me from a pay phone, and we didn't have the best talk. Ever since my stepdad passed away three years ago, she has been very depressed and hasn't been herself at all.;Eric West;mom
I love getting my nails done. My mom's best friend is a manicurist. When I was little, she'd do little paintings on my nails, like flowers.;Miranda Cosgrove;mom
We've always loved going to the movies. Our mom and dad are big movie fans. They'd take us on these movie orgys where we'd see sometimes three movies in a day.;Andy Wachowski;mom
I've been drawing my whole life. My mom says my sister and I were drawing by age 1. Animation seems a real, natural extension of drawing as a way of telling a story visually.;Jennifer Yuh Nelson;mom
Anyone who knows me knows my mom, Dorcina, has to sign off on any decision and that she will play a major part in any decision.;Nerlens Noel;mom
My mom introduced me to science-fiction.;Logan Marshall-Green;mom
Then you've got Georgetown, and I really just like everything about them. When I went down there with my mom, it really opened my eyes to what they were all about. I have to factor in what a school like that can do for me, even away from being a basketball player.;Nerlens Noel;mom
I love what I do and I think it shows. As my kids get older, they can see me as a mom who loves working.;Jessica Capshaw;mom
I was fortunate enough to have my kids early, so being a mom always ended up being a better gig than these other parts that came along. So I always justified not really working a lot because I had a family.;Heather Langenkamp;mom
On my mom's side I'm Mexican, and my dad is a white dude.;Tyler Posey;mom
When you have lost people like I lost my birth mom at a young age and you remember the whole process of losing her, you want to grab on to something that makes you whole.;Reese Hoffa;mom
I was born to a single mom and raised by her and my grandparents.;Anthony Foxx;mom
At first I could not believe what I was reading. I got up from my seat and walked away, talking to myself that I may have found my mom.;Reese Hoffa;mom
Our songs touch people, and take them back to a time when there was no threat of terrorism, when you didn't have to lock your doors and when Mom and Dad took care of everything.;George Grove;mom
Whether it's a 16-year old girl, or a mom, or a guy, or anybody, as long as they come up and they're excited to meet me 'cause they've had some sort of relationship with something I've created, it's the coolest thing ever. It never gets old. It's awesome.;Andy Grammer;mom
My mom is in the navy and my dad works for the army, but I never called them 'sir' or 'ma'am' or anything like that, and we never really moved around a lot because both my parents were stationed in D.C.;Ian Harding;mom
When I was young I thought that money was the most important thing in life now that I am old I know that it is.;Oscar Wilde;money
A little thought and a little kindness are often worth more than a great deal of money.;John Ruskin;money
Money has never made man happy, nor will it, there is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more of it one has the more one wants.;Benjamin Franklin;money
The lack of money is the root of all evil.;Mark Twain;money
Honesty is the best policy - when there is money in it.;Mark Twain;money
For I can raise no money by vile means.;William Shakespeare;money
He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money.;Benjamin Franklin;money
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.;Henry Ford;money
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.;Aristotle Onassis;money
All I ask is the chance to prove that money can't make me happy.;Spike Milligan;money
Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver.;Ayn Rand;money
It's a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money.;Albert Camus;money
So you think that money is the root of all evil. Have you ever asked what is the root of all money?;Ayn Rand;money
There are people who have money and people who are rich.;Coco Chanel;money
Many people take no care of their money till they come nearly to the end of it, and others do just the same with their time.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;money
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.;George Burns;money
After a certain point, money is meaningless. It ceases to be the goal. The game is what counts.;Aristotle Onassis;money
I'd like to live as a poor man with lots of money.;Pablo Picasso;money
It is not the creation of wealth that is wrong, but the love of money for its own sake.;Margaret Thatcher;money
Money is the barometer of a society's virtue.;Ayn Rand;money
A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it.;Bob Hope;money
I have no money, no resources, no hopes. I am the happiest man alive.;Henry Miller;money
We go to school to learn to work hard for money. I write books and create products that teach people how to have money work hard for them.;Robert Kiyosaki;money
We've got to put a lot of money into changing behavior.;Bill Gates;money
A wise man should have money in his head, but not in his heart.;Jonathan Swift;money
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.;Woody Allen;money
I've got all the money I'll ever need, if I die by four o'clock.;Henny Youngman;money
A woman's best protection is a little money of her own.;Clare Boothe Luce;money
A good reputation is more valuable than money.;Publilius Syrus;money
Friendship is like money, easier made than kept.;Samuel Butler;money
If saving money is wrong, I don't want to be right!;William Shatner;money
Money is a strange business. People who haven't got it aim it strongly. People who have are full of troubles.;Ayrton Senna;money
Liking money like I like it, is nothing less than mysticism. Money is a glory.;Salvador Dali;money
It doesn't matter about money having it, not having it. Or having clothes, or not having them. You're still left alone with yourself in the end.;Billy Idol;money
A man is usually more careful of his money than of his principles.;Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.;money
Profit is sweet, even if it comes from deception.;Sophocles;money
Money: power at its most liquid.;Mason Cooley;money
If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars.;J. Paul Getty;money
Money differs from an automobile or mistress in being equally important to those who have it and those who do not.;John Kenneth Galbraith;money
It is a waste of money to help those who show no desire to help themselves.;Taylor Caldwell;money
A billion here, a billion there, and pretty soon you're talking about real money.;Everett Dirksen;money
All riches have their origin in mind. Wealth is in ideas - not money.;Robert Collier;money
I've made all my money on my own without my family and I work very hard.;Paris Hilton;money
Banks have a new image. Now you have 'a friend,' your friendly banker. If the banks are so friendly, how come they chain down the pens?;Alan King;money
Money's a horrid thing to follow, but a charming thing to meet.;Henry James;money
A man with money is no match against a man on a mission.;Doyle Brunson;money
Money is our madness, our vast collective madness.;David Herbert Lawrence;money
Men make counterfeit money in many more cases, money makes counterfeit men.;Sydney J. Harris;money
No complaint... is more common than that of a scarcity of money.;Adam Smith;money
Wealth flows from energy and ideas.;William Feather;money
I am fiercely loyal to those willing to put their money where my mouth is.;Paul Harvey;money
Many folks think they aren't good at earning money, when what they don't know is how to use it.;Frank A. Clark;money
There was a time when a fool and his money were soon parted, but now it happens to everybody.;Adlai E. Stevenson;money
Money is always there but the pockets change it is not in the same pockets after a change, and that is all there is to say about money.;Gertrude Stein;money
You have to go broke three times to learn how to make a living.;Casey Stengel;money
Everyone needs a certain amount of money. Beyond that, we pursue money because we know how to obtain it. We don't necessarily know how to obtain happiness.;Gregg Easterbrook;money
If I have enough money to eat I'm good.;Shia LaBeouf;money
The importance of money flows from it being a link between the present and the future.;John Maynard Keynes;money
If God has allowed me to earn so much money, it is because He knows I give it all away.;Edith Piaf;money
Anybody who thinks money will make you happy, hasn't got money.;David Geffen;money
Most men love money and security more, and creation and construction less, as they get older.;John Maynard Keynes;money
It is more rewarding to watch money change the world than watch it accumulate.;Gloria Steinem;money
A simple fact that is hard to learn is that the time to save money is when you have some.;Joe Moore;money
A fool and his money are soon parted.;Thomas Tusser;money
I am happy to make money. I want to make more money, make more music, eat Big Macs and drink Budweisers.;Kid Rock;money
Marrying into money was not a good thing for me.;Anna Nicole Smith;money
I'd rather lose my own money than someone else's.;Dean Kamen;money
If I can't get the girl, at least give me more money.;Alan Alda;money
Do what you love and the money will follow.;Marsha Sinetar;money
All my life I knew that there was all the money you could want out there. All you have to do is go after it.;Curtis Carlson;money
If the money we donate helps one child or can ease the pain of one parent, those funds are well spent.;Carl Karcher;money
An important lever for sustained action in tackling poverty and reducing hunger is money.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;money
It is money, money, money! Not ideas, not principles, but money that reigns supreme in American politics.;Robert Byrd;money
Isn't it a shame that future generations can't be here to see all the wonderful things we're doing with their money?;Earl Wilson;money
Ben Franklin may have discovered electricity- but it is the man who invented the meter who made the money.;Earl Warren;money
It was an honor and privilege to arrive to this country 16 years ago with almost no money in my pocket. A lot has happened since then.;Antonio Banderas;money
It's all about the money.;Joseph Jackson;money
What counts is what you do with your money, not where it came from.;Merton Miller;money
A fool and his money are lucky enough to get together in the first place.;Stanley Weiser;money
If money was my only motivation, I would organize myself differently.;Placido Domingo;money
I don't mind that I'm fat. You still get the same money.;Marlon Brando;money
