My mom always said I was the peacemaker in the family. My older brother, Eric, was the leader, the creative one. I was just his puppet.;Gwen Stefani;mom
I was thinking that when I have children, that I should always dress as a character for them, so they think their mom is Alice in Wonderland or Cinderella. It would be totally messed up!;Gwen Stefani;mom
My mom and dad met at Anaheim High School. After they got married, all they wanted to do was have four children, and they did.;Gwen Stefani;mom
I wish I had an extra day with my mom sometimes. Or another hour in the day with my family, husband and children.;Mary J. Blige;mom
The golden child may be the oldest one, unless it's the youngest. It may be the toughest one, unless it's the most sensitive. It's not even necessary that Mom and Dad have the same favorite - and typically they don't.;Jeffrey Kluger;mom
In Hollywood, you play a mom, and the next thing you know, you're on 'The Golden Girls.' They age you so fast.;Gabrielle Union;mom
In Hollywood, you play a mom and instantly, you've got osteoporosis.;Gabrielle Union;mom
My mom is painfully sweet she's from Nebraska.;Gabrielle Union;mom
My mom was a diabetic. Her sister was a diabetic, so I was already a candidate.;Angie Stone;mom
When my dad divorced my mom it was kind of like him leaving me also.;Nicole Richie;mom
After my mom died, there was so much written about her fashion and her style and all that, and I felt that one of the most important parts of her was missing, her real intellectual curiosity.;Caroline Kennedy;mom
No matter how good you are, at some point your kids are gonna have to create their own independence and think that Mom and Dad aren't cool, just to establish themselves. That's what adolescence is about. They're gonna go through that no matter what.;Eddie Vedder;mom
I was always okay with the fact that I was taller and bigger than everybody else growing up. My mom, my dad, and my friends always told me I was beautiful.;Jordin Sparks;mom
When I turned 18, my mom, my nana and I all went and had tattoos of our favorite Bible verses put on the inside of our wrists. Mine is 1st Timothy, 4:12.;Jordin Sparks;mom
When I was 7, I came up with the idea of 'charm socks.' My mom would take me to buy bags of plastic charms, we would sew them on frilly white socks, and I sold them at school.;Sara Blakely;mom
My Mom always cooked healthy. Greek food lends itself to cooking healthy.;Cat Cora;mom
From the moment this baby came into our home, those two dogs have never been more in love. It's the most beautiful thing I've ever witnessed. People keep saying, 'Oh, you're a single mom.' I'm like, 'Actually, I'm not. I've got two boys helping.';Charlize Theron;mom
So far I'm not surprised by anything about being a mom. It's all pretty great - but that's what I expected.;Charlize Theron;mom
I was worried about my mom more than I was worried about the president. And then I was worried about the president, and then I was worried about myself.;Monica Lewinsky;mom
Aretha Franklin was a teenage mom, a musician who came from an incredibly Christian background, but there was a lot of love, which is really inspiring in a feminist way.;Beth Ditto;mom
When I moved out of my mom's house at 18 I was almost as sad to leave her sewing machine behind as anything else.;Beth Ditto;mom
I was given baby doll toys myself, and they proved a stark reminder that my life was expected to revolve around childbearing - just as my mom's had before me, and her mom's had before her.;Beth Ditto;mom
We all seek approval, and our mother's seal is usually the most important. The nitty gritty is that we have to accept ourselves, even if it is just to be ready for the next cut-down. Mom's blessing or not.;Beth Ditto;mom
I was brought up by a single mom in a poor town in Arkansas and while some aspects of small-town life were really positive - like the fact that everyone there is really sweet and hospitable - there is also this close-minded mentality, and that naturally made me want to rebel.;Beth Ditto;mom
My mother told me Homer Ditto was not my father. Nope. Mom had had a fling with some other guy who was my dad. Some dude who didn't stick around too long who Mom was happy to get rid of. She chose Homer, and Homer chose me, so he lent me his name even though I didn't have his blood.;Beth Ditto;mom
If my Dad doesn't like you, you will know. My Mom is just too innocent to ever lie. She doesn't even cuss.;Channing Tatum;mom
I have a chaperone everywhere I go - my mom.;Shawn Johnson;mom
Something my mom taught me when I was little is that everything happens for a reason.;Shawn Johnson;mom
There is nothing I love more than my role as a mom.;Jennifer Hudson;mom
I look up to my mom. She's a beautiful woman.;Leighton Meester;mom
My mom, she wasn't like a baseball mother who knew everything about the game. She just wanted me to be happy with what I was doing.;David Ortiz;mom
I feel like I've lived quite a sheltered life, like my mom and dad were quite protective of me.;Leona Lewis;mom
I bought a house for my mom, I bought a house for my dad, I bought a house for my sister.;Trey Parker;mom
There is nothing worse that a thirteen-year-old boy. You're embarrassed by your parents, and you're trying to find your independance because, deep inside, you are so dependent on your mom.;Ben Affleck;mom
A friend of my mom's was a casting director so, really as kind of a lark, I had a couple of acting jobs that had just enough exposure to give me the option to continue if I wanted to. I followed through with it.;Ben Affleck;mom
I'm a religious person. I remember my mom told me: 'Vengeance belongs to God. It's up to him to wreak vengeance.' It's hard for me to get to that point, but that's the work of God.;Rodney King;mom
Sunscreen is my number 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 tip. I'm a fanatic, partially because I live in L.A. and have fair skin and freckles, and partially because of my kids. My mom always made me wear sunscreen and I'm trying to be that mom for them.;Alison Sweeney;mom
I've actually suffered from allergies my entire life. My mom had allergies, so I was aware of what an issue they can be. Many people allow their allergies to affect their lives. As a mom with two kids and two jobs, I just can't let allergies slow me down. It's a day to day thing that can really be remedied by finding the right medication.;Alison Sweeney;mom
My mom was paranoid about my safety.;Jane Smiley;mom
Mom was a smoker. My grandfather was a smoker. My aunts were smokers. My uncles were smokers. I don't know any smokers now, not even my mom.;Jane Smiley;mom
My mom drives me crazy sometimes, but I have a good relationship with her.;Seth Rogen;mom
My mom enlisted in the U.S. Navy in World War II, and my parents actually bought our home thanks to the loan she got through the GI Bill.;Thomas Friedman;mom
My dad is like a cactus - introverted and tough. I'm a people person, like my mom, but I got my competitiveness from my dad. He came to this country from Belarus with nothing and built a real business. He's my hero for giving me that need to run a business and for having enormous confidence in me.;Gary Vaynerchuk;mom
People who build family businesses are not classically trained. They have to deal with an enormous amount of politics. You think corporate politics are tough? Go work for your dad or your mom.;Gary Vaynerchuk;mom
It's about getting the kids up and fed, getting one to school, getting the other down for a nap, going to the grocery store, picking one up from school, getting the other one down for another nap, cooking dinner... I live my life at these two extremes. I'm either a full-time stay-at-home mom or a full-time actress.;Jennifer Garner;mom
I remember, my mom didn't have any help, so if she needed to be somewhere after school, we'd just go down to the neighbors' and she'd give us a snack and make sure we did our homework. There weren't any latchkey kids.;Jennifer Garner;mom
My mom has always said that the one thing she wishes she had done differently is have a job. She felt like the single-mindedness made her a little nuts sometimes, and she could have used an outlet for herself when we were little.;Jennifer Garner;mom
My mom grew up in poverty in Oklahoma - like Dust Bowl, nine people in one room kind of place - and the way she got out of poverty was through education. My dad grew up without a dad, with very little and he also made his way out through education.;Jennifer Garner;mom
My mom was really vigorous about making sure that we saw things and that we questioned things. Education was so important to both of my parents.;Jennifer Garner;mom
I've always wanted to be a mom at 23, 24ish, ever since I was a little girl. I'm right on schedule.;Brandy Norwood;mom
It's her first grandchild, so she's really, really, really excited. I guess my mom is a little more stressed out than me.;Brandy Norwood;mom
Mom would kill me if I showed my navel.;Brandy Norwood;mom
My hat was pulled down and this girl said 'Are you really him?' I whispered 'Yeah, I'm really him.' She screamed, 'Mom! Dad! It's Heath Ledger!;Josh Hartnett;mom
In all honesty, at that time, I never saw myself as an author... I was just a Mom in a state of panic, trying to enter a short story contest to win the prize money in order to keep the lights on in my home.;Leslie Banks;mom
When I was a kid I didn't feel like I fit in because - this is really silly and I probably shouldn't say it, but, I didn't think anything was funny. So I used to go home and literally cry to my mom and my step-dad at the time and I didn't think anything was funny. I couldn't laugh.;Courteney Cox;mom
I really want to adopt a child... I want to be called 'Mom.' It really is the most beautiful word in the English language.;Patti Stanger;mom
I wanted to be a 150% entrepreneur and a 150% mom, and I found that I was having a very hard time doing both. I was about 75% and 75% - still better than 100%, but not what I was accustomed to at work.;Barbara Corcoran;mom
Every single thing I learned about marketing and building my business, I learned from my mom, and she had never been in the workforce. She just had great practical sense.;Barbara Corcoran;mom
My guess is my brother would call his mom and his dad pretty regularly, a lot more than I probably did.;Jeb Bush;mom
When I was 15, I worked at a dry cleaner because I wanted Abercrombie & Fitch jeans. My mom told me I could have $20 jeans, not $70 jeans, unless I was willing to work for them. So I did!;Ashley Greene;mom
Growing up my whole life, my mom was telling me how incredible and special I was and that I was going to change the world. I think it's important for girls to know that they can change the world, that they do have an impact.;Ashley Greene;mom
I remember getting this scrapbook that this girl made, that I actually gave to my mom to hold onto because she has a 'Twilight' shrine in their house in Florida. It was just this scrapbook of me, starting with 'Twilight,' and the whole progression of me and my career throughout that, and other stuff that I had done in between.;Ashley Greene;mom
My mom lived by herself with two kids. Sacrifice was the name of the game at our house.;Victor Cruz;mom
My mom and dad just loved the fact that I fooled around. They just embraced it. They'd always kind of enjoy it, and they liked it when I made them laugh.;Dominic Monaghan;mom
Imagine my surprise when, after a lifetime of teaching me to keep personal things to myself, Mom insisted my drawings were the start of a comic strip for millions of people to enjoy.;Cathy Guisewite;mom
Mothers send strips to daughters to make a point. Daughters smack strips down on the breakfast table to make a point. My own mom sometimes cuts a strip out and sends it to me to make sure I understand her.;Cathy Guisewite;mom
The relationship between Cathy and Mom in the strip is the one relationship drawn from real life that I have proudly never even tried to disguise.;Cathy Guisewite;mom
My mom, she is the most unbelievable mom that you could ever have in your entire life and she's always with me on everything. The most I've ever been away from her is two days. I love her more than anybody could ever know.;Dakota Fanning;mom
I want to be a loving mom.;Tori Spelling;mom
I want to be a mom who listens.;Tori Spelling;mom
I am proud of my kids, but I also want to make my mom proud of me. I'm still a momma's girl at the heart of the situation.;Tori Spelling;mom
Sometimes I do envision just being a stay at home mom but not working isn't an option for me currently.;Tori Spelling;mom
There are days when I struggle with wanting to be a full-time, stay-at-home mom, and feeling guilty about that because I work.;Tori Spelling;mom
I got my first tattoo when I was 16 years old and I went with my mom to get it done - she has a bunch too so we're tattoo buddies now.;Josh Hutcherson;mom
I think because I became a mom later in life, everything in life means more.;Mariska Hargitay;mom
My mom was sarcastic about men. She would tell me Adam was the rough draft and Eve was the final product. She was a feminist minister, an earth mom who wore a bra only on Sundays.;Daphne Zuniga;mom
I'm a soccer mom. I'm T-ball, soccer, karate, homework, keeping them on their schedules. I love being the snack mom, when I get to bring the cut oranges. I have one of those coolers with wheels. I'm at every game, every practice, sitting on my blanket. I love it.;Pamela Anderson;mom
Many of my books come from what if questions that I can't answer, things that I'm worried about as either a woman, a wife, a mom, an American.;Jodi Picoult;mom
My dad sold encyclopedias and my mom worked in a factory office.;Mike Myers;mom
My mom was a single mom, and she had enough on her plate. I knew when I was doing something I wasn't supposed to, and I tried to keep her from finding out about it. I did a pretty good job of that.;Jason Aldean;mom
I'm a better mother if I'm also doing my work. Some women find a lot more satisfaction from doing the hardest job, which is being a mom. But I like my day job, so I juggle a lot.;Katey Sagal;mom
My mom was a teacher - I have the greatest respect for the profession - we need great teachers - not poor or mediocre ones.;Condoleezza Rice;mom
Being a mom makes me feel whole and like I understand the meaning of life.;Rebecca Romijn;mom
There is nothing better than being a parent. It is the most challenging job one could ever ask for. I love being a mom and I love being a friend to my children as well.;Marlee Matlin;mom
My friends and I would get up early and take our horses through the national forest. My mom was very free. It was always 'Out of the house!' There was no watching television on weekends.;Anna Torv;mom
I grew up with just my mom. She and I were like best friends. She's a very independent woman and I admire that about her. In my life, I've tried to be like that. To be okay with being on my own and being independent.;Emma Roberts;mom
You don't realize how hard it is to live on your own. But there's no mom to do your laundry, and make you dinner and to do things for you, and you don't think about little things like buying paper towels and salt.;Emma Roberts;mom
I work too much to be an appropriate parent. I feel like a bad mom to my dog some days because I'm just not here enough. I just feel like I would do a bad job if I took the time to literally give birth to a kid right now and try and juggle everything I'm doing.;Rachael Ray;mom
I live in, literally, the same home when I was swiping my first bank card and wondering if I'd have to put back the Charmin. We still don't have a dishwasher. My mom has done all these gardens so now my house looks like the garden shack in the middle of Versailles.;Rachael Ray;mom
My mom, who's been in the restaurant business for 40 years, is the number-one influence in my life. But I look up to a lot of people in the industry. Tops on my list is Mario Batali. My mom and Mario taught me the same lesson: Food is love.;Rachael Ray;mom
Good food and a warm kitchen are what makes a house a home. I always tried to make my home like my mother's, because Mom was magnificent at stretching a buck when it came to decorating and food. Like a true Italian, she valued beautification in every area of her life, and I try to do the same.;Rachael Ray;mom
I came from a broken home, so my mom was a major influence in my life.;Julius Erving;mom
I lived with my mom in a really small apartment. My bedroom was like in the living room. That's why I still love to sleep on couches now.;Alicia Keys;mom
My mom is definitely my rock.;Alicia Keys;mom
My mom always said, 'Don't date a guy who thinks he's prettier than you.';Alicia Keys;mom
My mom was an actress in the local Seattle theater doing experimental plays.;Rainn Wilson;mom
Everything I am is because of my mom.;Sarah Michelle Gellar;mom
In a school where everyone is famous or rich or whatever, you have a culture, 'What does your dad do?' 'What does your mom do?';Cynthia Nixon;mom
We've all seen the mom who devotes all her time and attention to her child and is so hungry for adult interaction that as soon as she's around another adult, she's not paying attention anymore.;Cynthia Nixon;mom
