Religion is no more the parent of morality than an incubator is the mother of a chicken.;Lemuel K. Washburn;religion
Civilisation has ever accompanied emigration and conquest - the conflict of opinion, of religion, or of race.;Alfred Russel Wallace;religion
An individual who breaks a law that conscience tells him is unjust, and who willingly accepts the penalty of imprisonment in order to arouse the conscience of the community over its injustice, is in reality expressing the highest respect for the law.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;respect
Everyone should be respected as an individual, but no one idolized.;Albert Einstein;respect
Let every man be respected as an individual and no man idolized.;Albert Einstein;respect
Be peaceful, be courteous, obey the law, respect everyone but if someone puts his hand on you, send him to the cemetery.;Malcolm X;respect
If once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow-citizens, you can never regain their respect and esteem.;Abraham Lincoln;respect
I'm not concerned with your liking or disliking me... All I ask is that you respect me as a human being.;Jackie Robinson;respect
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.;Lao Tzu;respect
When people do not respect us we are sharply offended yet in his private heart no man much respects himself.;Mark Twain;respect
Men are so willing to respect anything that bores them.;Marilyn Monroe;respect
Respect is what we owe love, what we give.;Philip James Bailey;respect
I think I'm a natural-born leader. I know how to bow down to authority if it's authority that I respect.;Tupac Shakur;respect
Respect your efforts, respect yourself. Self-respect leads to self-discipline. When you have both firmly under your belt, that's real power.;Clint Eastwood;respect
One of the most sincere forms of respect is actually listening to what another has to say.;Bryant H. McGill;respect
Go up close to your friend, but do not go over to him! We should also respect the enemy in our friend.;Friedrich Nietzsche;respect
Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear.;Albert Camus;respect
I never make the mistake of arguing with people for whose opinions I have no respect.;Edward Gibbon;respect
Being brilliant is no great feat if you respect nothing.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;respect
This world of ours... must avoid becoming a community of dreadful fear and hate, and be, instead, a proud confederation of mutual trust and respect.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;respect
Perhaps the surest test of an individual's integrity is his refusal to do or say anything that would damage his self-respect.;Thomas S. Monson;respect
Respect for ourselves guides our morals, respect for others guides our manners.;Laurence Sterne;respect
America wants its respect.;Tupac Shakur;respect
That you may retain your self-respect, it is better to displease the people by doing what you know is right, than to temporarily please them by doing what you know is wrong.;William J. H. Boetcker;respect
I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his own eyes. What matters is not what I think of him it is what he thinks of himself. To undermine a man's self-respect is a sin.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;respect
If we are not free, no one will respect us.;Abdul Kalam;respect
I firmly believe that respect is a lot more important, and a lot greater, than popularity.;Julius Erving;respect
Show respect to all people, but grovel to none.;Tecumseh;respect
To the living we owe respect, but to the dead we owe only the truth.;Voltaire;respect
It's not that the Irish are cynical. It's rather that they have a wonderful lack of respect for everything and everybody.;Brendan Behan;respect
There is no respect for others without humility in one's self.;Henri Frederic Amiel;respect
I have a respect for manners as such, they are a way of dealing with people you don't agree with or like.;Margaret Mead;respect
The person who comes up to you and makes the most noise and is the most intrusive is invariably the person in the room who has no respect for you at all, and it's really all about them.;Robbie Coltrane;respect
In order to acquire a growing and lasting respect in society, it is a good thing, if you possess great talent, to give, early in your youth, a very hard kick to the right shin of the society that you love. After that, be a snob.;Salvador Dali;respect
As all human beings are, in my view, creatures of God's design, we must respect all other human beings. That does not mean I have to agree with their choices or agree with their opinions, but indeed I respect them as human beings.;Stockwell Day;respect
Respect yourself if you would have others respect you.;Baltasar Gracian;respect
The final test of a gentleman is his respect for those who can be of no possible service to him.;William Lyon Phelps;respect
Self-respect is the fruit of discipline the sense of dignity grows with the ability to say no to oneself.;Abraham Joshua Heschel;respect
I'm sick of just liking people. I wish to God I could meet somebody I could respect.;J. D. Salinger;respect
To be one, to be united is a great thing. But to respect the right to be different is maybe even greater.;Bono;respect
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves - there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.;Joan Didion;respect
There exist only three beings worthy of respect: the priest, the soldier, the poet. To know, to kill, to create.;Charles Baudelaire;respect
Never dress down for the poor. They won't respect you for it. They want their First Lady to look like a million dollars.;Imelda Marcos;respect
Assuredly, Loving Souls, you should go to God with all humility and respect, humbling yourselves in His presence, especially when you remember your past ingratitude and sins.;Alphonsus Liguori;respect
As the mother of two daughters, I have great respect for women. And I don't ever want to lose that.;Vera Wang;respect
Be modest, be respectful of others, try to understand.;Lakhdar Brahimi;respect
I think a lot of people have lost respect for the individual, you know, the individual, the person who doesn't conform.;Erykah Badu;respect
Our moral, religious, and political traditions are united in their respect for the dignity of human life.;Robert Casey;respect
It is so important to get respect for what you do and at the same time give it.;Estelle Parsons;respect
Americans have been conditioned to respect newness, whatever it costs them.;John Updike;respect
I always respect a woman.;Enrique Iglesias;respect
I have nothing against respecting people who lived before, but we have no responsibility toward them.;Leon Kass;respect
I have always believed that I should have had no difficulty in causing my rights to be respected.;Eli Whitney;respect
People want to hear what I have to say and respect what I say.;Jennifer Capriati;respect
But really, we also need to learn how to love one another as women. How to appreciate and respect each other.;Chaka Khan;respect
A child who is allowed to be disrespectful to his parents will not have true respect for anyone.;Billy Graham;respect
Nothing is more destructive of respect for the government and the law of the land than passing laws which cannot be enforced.;Albert Einstein;respect
One who breaks an unjust law that conscience tells him is unjust, and who willingly accepts the penalty of imprisonment in order to arouse the conscience of the community over its injustice, is in reality expressing the highest respect for law.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;respect
Property is intended to serve life, and no matter how much we surround it with rights and respect, it has no personal being. It is part of the earth man walks on. It is not man.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;respect
I submit that an individual who breaks the law that conscience tells him is unjust and willingly accepts the penalty by staying in jail to arouse the conscience of the community over its injustice, is in reality expressing the very highest respect for law.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;respect
Knowledge will give you power, but character respect.;Bruce Lee;respect
If we lose love and self respect for each other, this is how we finally die.;Maya Angelou;respect
There is always the danger that we may just do the work for the sake of the work. This is where the respect and the love and the devotion come in - that we do it to God, to Christ, and that's why we try to do it as beautifully as possible.;Mother Teresa;respect
If you have ten thousand regulations you destroy all respect for the law.;Winston Churchill;respect
The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life.;Richard Bach;respect
Every good relationship, especially marriage, is based on respect. If it's not based on respect, nothing that appears to be good will last very long.;Amy Grant;respect
I look for these qualities and characteristics in people. Honesty is number one, respect, and absolutely the third would have to be loyalty.;Summer Altice;respect
When you practice gratefulness, there is a sense of respect toward others.;Dalai Lama;respect
Without feelings of respect, what is there to distinguish men from beasts?;Confucius;respect
All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.;Brian Tracy;respect
Literature adds to reality, it does not simply describe it. It enriches the necessary competencies that daily life requires and provides and in this respect, it irrigates the deserts that our lives have already become.;C. S. Lewis;respect
Football is like life - it requires perseverance, self-denial, hard work, sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority.;Vince Lombardi;respect
The British nation is unique in this respect. They are the only people who like to be told how bad things are, who like to be told the worst.;Winston Churchill;respect
We do not covet anything from any nation except their respect.;Winston Churchill;respect
The fact that the adult American Negro female emerges a formidable character is often met with amazement, distaste and even belligerance. It is seldom accepted as an inevitable outcome of the struggle won by survivors, and deserves respect if not enthusiastic acceptance.;Maya Angelou;respect
The game of basketball has been everything to me. My place of refuge, place I've always gone where I needed comfort and peace. It's been the site of intense pain and the most intense feelings of joy and satisfaction. It's a relationship that has evolved over time, given me the greatest respect and love for the game.;Michael Jordan;respect
We are more thoroughly an enlightened people, with respect to our political interests, than perhaps any other under heaven. Every man among us reads, and is so easy in his circumstances as to have leisure for conversations of improvement and for acquiring information.;Benjamin Franklin;respect
Democracy arises out of the notion that those who are equal in any respect are equal in all respects because men are equally free, they claim to be absolutely equal.;Aristotle;respect
If being an egomaniac means I believe in what I do and in my art or music, then in that respect you can call me that... I believe in what I do, and I'll say it.;John Lennon;respect
We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children smart.;H. L. Mencken;respect
When I was playing before I retired, I never really understood the appreciation and the respect that people gave me. People had treated me like a god or something, and that was very embarrassing.;Michael Jordan;respect
Respect is one of life's greatest treasures. I mean, what does it all add up to if you don't have that?;Marilyn Monroe;respect
I have noticed... that men usually leave married women alone and are inclined to treat all wives with respect. This is no great credit to married women.;Marilyn Monroe;respect
I get no respect. The way my luck is running, if I was a politician I would be honest.;Rodney Dangerfield;respect
The bad gains respect through imitation, the good loses it especially in art.;Friedrich Nietzsche;respect
I have a great respect for incremental improvement, and I've done that sort of thing in my life, but I've always been attracted to the more revolutionary changes. I don't know why. Because they're harder. They're much more stressful emotionally. And you usually go through a period where everybody tells you that you've completely failed.;Steve Jobs;respect
It is not desirable to cultivate a respect for the law, so much as for the right.;Henry David Thoreau;respect
Men have a respect for scholarship and learning greatly out of proportion to the use they commonly serve.;Henry David Thoreau;respect
One should respect public opinion insofar as is necessary to avoid starvation and keep out of prison, but anything that goes beyond this is voluntary submission to an unnecessary tyranny.;Bertrand Russell;respect
Throughout my career, if I have done anything, I have paid attention to every note and every word I sing - if I respect the song. If I cannot project this to a listener, I fail.;Frank Sinatra;respect
A hypocrite despises those whom he deceives, but has no respect for himself. He would make a dupe of himself too, if he could.;William Hazlitt;respect
Dad needs to show an incredible amount of respect and humor and friendship toward his mate so the kids understand their parents are sexy, they're fun, they do things together, they're best friends. Kids learn by example. If I respect Mom, they're going to respect Mom.;Tim Allen;respect
I feel very deeply about the need to respect and tolerate people of different social - or sexual orientation. But at the same time, I believe marriage should be preserved as an institution for one man and one woman.;Mitt Romney;respect
I want to be very close to someone I respect and admire and have somebody who feels the same way about me.;Richard Bach;respect
Do we not realize that self respect comes with self reliance?;Abdul Kalam;respect
There is overwhelming evidence that the higher the level of self-esteem, the more likely one will be to treat others with respect, kindness, and generosity.;Nathaniel Branden;respect
There may be fairies at the bottom of the garden. There is no evidence for it, but you can't prove that there aren't any, so shouldn't we be agnostic with respect to fairies?;Richard Dawkins;respect
And Barack and I were raised with so many of the same values, like you work hard for what you want in life. That your word is your bond that you do what you say you're going to do. That you treat people with dignity and respect, even if you don't know them and even if you don't agree with them.;Michelle Obama;respect
We reserve our deepest respect and admiration for those who volunteer for service and give their lives to help keep our nation secure.;Mitt Romney;respect
