The five steps in teaching an employee new skills are preparation, explanation, showing, observation and supervision.;Bruce Barton;teacher
A child's learning is a function more of the characteristics of his classmates than those of the teacher.;James S. Coleman;teacher
A retired teacher paid $62,000 towards her pension and nothing, yes nothing, for full family medical, dental and vision coverage over her entire career. What will we pay her? $1.4 million in pension benefits and another $215,000 in health care benefit premiums over her lifetime.;Chris Christie;teacher
I wanted to be a teacher, but I was a lousy student, one of the slowest readers. It was a tremendous struggle. But I'm lucky I had some teachers who saw something in me.;Ann Bancroft;teacher
One good teacher in a lifetime may sometimes change a delinquent into a solid citizen.;Philip Wylie;teacher
TV is bigger than any story it reports. It's the greatest teaching tool since the printing press.;Fred W. Friendly;teacher
The thing I loved the most - and still love the most about teaching - is that you can connect with an individual or a group, and see that individual or group exceed their limits.;Mike Krzyzewski;teacher
Every man who rises above the common level has received two educations: the first from his teachers the second, more personal and important, from himself.;Edward Gibbon;teacher
Nearly everyone I met, worked with, or read about was my teacher, one way or another.;Loretta Young;teacher
I think teaching should be an exalted profession, not a picked-on profession.;Charles Schumer;teacher
We know the parental support, community support, makes a difference. It's not just the metrics of testing and putting pressure on the schools and on the teachers.;Donna Shalala;teacher
That is the difference between good teachers and great teachers: good teachers make the best of a pupil's means great teachers foresee a pupil's ends.;Maria Callas;teacher
The best CEOs I know are teachers, and at the core of what they teach is strategy.;Michael Porter;teacher
If I can make a teacher's salary doing comedy, I think that's better than being a teacher.;Dave Chappelle;teacher
I had a ninth grade teacher who told me I was much smarter and much better than I was allowing myself to be.;Scott Hamilton;teacher
A teacher should have maximal authority, and minimal power.;Thomas Szasz;teacher
You never stop learning. If you have a teacher, you never stop being a student.;Elisabeth Rohm;teacher
Catholic schools in our Nation's education have been paramount in teaching the values that we as parents seek to instill in our children.;Joe Baca;teacher
To this end the greatest asset of a school is the personality of the teacher.;John Strachan;teacher
Americanism demands loyalty to the teacher and respect for his lesson.;Bainbridge Colby;teacher
I was lucky that I met the right mentors and teachers at the right moment.;James Levine;teacher
It's not the teaching, it's the learning.;Sly Stone;teacher
I have an education degree from the University of Minnesota, and I was a teacher for about a minute.;Loni Anderson;teacher
There is no teacher, living or past, who can give us the actual understanding of Truth. A teacher can only put our feet upon the path and point the way. That is all. It is wholly dependent on the individual to make his way to Truth.;Paul Twitchell;teacher
We may have forgotten how to feel. Nobody is teaching us how to live happily ever after, as we've heard in fairy tales.;Yakov Smirnoff;teacher
A hallmark of the Latino community is to help one another, if students are interested in a way to give back and help their communities, becoming a teacher is probably one of the very best ways of doing that.;Ellen Ochoa;teacher
We should not run away from religious teachings. We should run to them.;James Carville;teacher
It was God who made me so beautiful. If I weren't, then I'd be a teacher.;Linda Evangelista;teacher
You know how to tell if the teacher is hung over? Movie Day.;Jay Mohr;teacher
We expert teachers know that motivation and emotional impact are what matter.;Donald Norman;teacher
Students rarely disappoint teachers who assure them in advance that they are doomed to failure.;Sidney Hook;teacher
Some of my high school teachers did remind me that I had an excellent imagination when it came to making up excuses.;David E. Kelley;teacher
The art of teaching is the art of assisting discovery.;Mark Van Doren;teacher
The true aim of everyone who aspires to be a teacher should be, not to impart his own opinions, but to kindle minds.;Frederick William Robertson;teacher
Experience is a good teacher, but she sends in terrific bills.;Minna Antrim;teacher
The impending teacher shortage is the most critical education issue we will face in the next decade.;David E. Price;teacher
Everybody's a teacher if you listen.;Doris Roberts;teacher
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.;Khalil Gibran;teacher
If a country is to be corruption free and become a nation of beautiful minds, I strongly feel there are three key societal members who can make a difference. They are the father, the mother and the teacher.;Abdul Kalam;teacher
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher.;Dalai Lama;teacher
Love is a better teacher than duty.;Albert Einstein;teacher
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.;Bill Gates;teacher
Come forth into the light of things, let nature be your teacher.;William Wordsworth;teacher
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.;William Arthur Ward;teacher
Technology is just a tool. In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them, the teacher is the most important.;Bill Gates;teacher
The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without his teacher.;Elbert Hubbard;teacher
Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker. Failure is delay, not defeat. It is a temporary detour, not a dead end. Failure is something we can avoid only by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.;Denis Waitley;teacher
Experience is the teacher of all things.;Julius Caesar;teacher
Smartness runs in my family. When I went to school I was so smart my teacher was in my class for five years.;Gracie Allen;teacher
The greatest sign of success for a teacher... is to be able to say, 'The children are now working as if I did not exist.';Maria Montessori;teacher
I'm glad I was a teacher.;John Wooden;teacher
My father was my teacher. But most importantly he was a great dad.;Beau Bridges;teacher
Mama was my greatest teacher, a teacher of compassion, love and fearlessness. If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother is that sweet flower of love.;Stevie Wonder;teacher
Everywhere I go, I'm asked if I think the universities stifle writers. My opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them. There's many a best seller that could have been prevented by a good teacher.;Flannery O'Connor;teacher
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterward.;Vernon Law;teacher
Music when healthy, is the teacher of perfect order, and when depraved, the teacher of perfect disorder.;John Ruskin;teacher
He most honors my style who learns under it to destroy the teacher.;Walt Whitman;teacher
The parents have a right to say that no teacher paid by their money shall rob their children of faith in God and send them back to their homes skeptical, or infidels, or agnostics, or atheists.;William Jennings Bryan;teacher
Fear is not a lasting teacher of duty.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;teacher
A garden is a grand teacher. It teaches patience and careful watchfulness it teaches industry and thrift above all it teaches entire trust.;Gertrude Jekyll;teacher
I have long enjoyed the friendship and companionship of Republicans because I am by instinct a teacher, and I would like to teach them something.;Woodrow Wilson;teacher
I was told to challenge every spiritual teacher, every world leader to utter the one sentence that no religion, no political party, and no nation on the face of the earth will dare utter: 'Ours is not a better way, ours is merely another way.;Neale Donald Walsch;teacher
I wanted to be a teacher. I love children, so I wanted to deal with children. Then I wanted to be a veterinarian. But by the age of ten or eleven, when I opened my mouth and said, 'Oh, God, what's this?' I kind of knew teaching and being a veterinarian were gonna have to wait.;Whitney Houston;teacher
I wanted to be a teacher.;Kim Kardashian;teacher
Every single major push in education has made it worse and right now it's really bad because everything we've done is de-humanizing education. It's destroying the possibility of the teacher and the student having a warm, friendly, intellectual relationship.;William Glasser;teacher
I think once you're in the public eye, whether you're a boss, a teacher or whatever you do, that you're automatically in the position of role model. You have people looking up to you, so whether you choose to accept it or not is a different question.;Talib Kweli;teacher
I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success.;Jack Welch;teacher
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble.;Shahrukh Khan;teacher
The single most important thing in a child's performance is the quality of the teacher. Making sure a child spends the maximum amount of time with inspirational teachers is the most important thing.;Michael Gove;teacher
Students never think it can be the teacher's fault and so I thought I was stupid. I was frustrated and would come home and cry because I couldn't do it. Then we got a new teacher who made math accessible. That made all the difference and I learned that it's how you present it that makes it scary or friendly.;Danica McKellar;teacher
I'm embarrassed every time I look a teacher in the eye, because we ask them to do so much for so little.;Phil McGraw;teacher
You can't tell a woman who is called by God to teach that she cannot teach the Word of God... So I think the distinction is that there's a difference between the authority of a pastor and a Bible teacher.;Charles Stanley;teacher
In this outward and physical ceremony we attest once again to the inner and spiritual strength of our Nation. As my high school teacher, Miss Julia Coleman, used to say: 'We must adjust to changing times and still hold to unchanging principles.';Jimmy Carter;teacher
Experience is the best teacher of all. And for that, there are no guarantees that one will become an artist. Only the journey matters.;Harry Callahan;teacher
The teacher who is attempting to teach without inspiring the pupil with a desire to learn is hammering on cold iron.;Horace Mann;teacher
In high school, a teacher once suggested that I be a math major in college. I thought, 'Me? You've got to be joking!' I mean, in junior high, I used to come home and cry because I was so afraid of my math homework. Seriously, I was terrified of math.;Danica McKellar;teacher
I had people in my life who didn't give up on me: my mother, my aunt, my science teacher. I had one-on-one speech therapy. I had a nanny who spent all day playing turn-taking games with me.;Temple Grandin;teacher
Teacher unions are an interest group that acts in defense of their own interests, which means the union bosses' interests, not the members.;Peter Brimelow;teacher
I could undertake to be an efficient pupil if it were possible to find an efficient teacher.;Gertrude Stein;teacher
Research is starting to show that a child should be engaged at least 20 hours a week. I do not think it matters which program you choose as long as it keeps the child actively engaged with the therapist, teacher, or parent for at least 20 hours a week.;Temple Grandin;teacher
There's always someone asking you to underline one piece of yourself - whether it's Black, woman, mother, dyke, teacher, etc. - because that's the piece that they need to key in to. They want to dismiss everything else.;Audre Lorde;teacher
There are many teachers who could ruin you. Before you know it you could be a pale copy of this teacher or that teacher. You have to evolve on your own.;Berenice Abbott;teacher
The true teacher defends his pupils against his own personal influence. He inspires self-trust. He guides their eyes from himself to the spirit that quickens him. He will have no disciples.;Amos Bronson Alcott;teacher
Money is such an amazing teacher: What you choose to do with your money shows whether you are truly powerful or powerless.;Suze Orman;teacher
To the teacher weighed down with paperwork, I say: you've been messed around too often. You came into teaching to spend your time teaching children not filling in forms.;William Hague;teacher
A little girl who finds a puzzle frustrating might ask her busy mother (or teacher) for help. The child gets one message if her mother expresses clear pleasure at the request and quite another if mommy responds with a curt 'Don't bother me - I've got important work to do.';Daniel Goleman;teacher
This is at the heart of all good education, where the teacher asks students to think and engages them in encouraging dialogues, constantly checking for understanding and growth.;William Glasser;teacher
Vadim was both my teacher and my husband. I placed myself entirely in his hands.;Brigitte Bardot;teacher
If I'd stayed at college I would have become a teacher.;Syd Barrett;teacher
As a teacher, as a propagandist, Mr. Shaw is no good at all, even in his own generation. But as a personality, he is immortal.;Max Beerbohm;teacher
Experience is a great teacher.;John Legend;teacher
My parents were early converts to Christianity in my part of Nigeria. They were not just converts my father was an evangelist, a religious teacher. He and my mother traveled for thirty-five years to different parts of Igboland, spreading the gospel.;Chinua Achebe;teacher
No bubble is so iridescent or floats longer than that blown by the successful teacher.;William Osler;teacher
If a teacher does not involve himself, his values, his commitments, in the course of discussion, why should the students?;Paul Wellstone;teacher
A good teacher must be able to put himself in the place of those who find learning hard.;Eliphas Levi;teacher
I thought, well of course, Kinsey absolutely adored teaching. He was a wonderful teacher. So these kids really inspired me. So that was a clue I hung onto. He loved young people, he absolutely loved them. And he loved teaching them and trying to help them.;Liam Neeson;teacher
This is what I would have done if I had to have a real job: I would have been a history teacher.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;teacher
For whatever reason, I didn't succumb to the stereotype that science wasn't for girls. I got encouragement from my parents. I never ran into a teacher or a counselor who told me that science was for boys. A lot of my friends did.;Sally Ride;teacher
I'm an unemployed teacher right now and I'm looking for a place to teach.;Bobby Knight;teacher
