The secret to success is good leadership, and good leadership is all about making the lives of your team members or workers better.;Tony Dungy;leadership
I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.;Ralph Nader;leadership
Millions of young Americans have graduated from college during the Obama presidency, ready to use their gifts and get moving in life. Half of them can't find the work they studied for, or any work at all. So here's the question: Without a change in leadership, why would the next four years be any different from the last four years?;Paul Ryan;leadership
Leadership consists not in degrees of technique but in traits of character it requires moral rather than athletic or intellectual effort, and it imposes on both leader and follower alike the burdens of self-restraint.;Lewis H. Lapham;leadership
Leadership is getting someone to do what they don't want to do, to achieve what they want to achieve.;Tom Landry;leadership
I speak directly to the people, and I know that the people of California want to have better leadership. They want to have great leadership. They want to have somebody that will represent them. And it doesn't matter if you're a Democrat or a Republican, young or old.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;leadership
I think we need the feminine qualities of leadership, which include attention to aesthetics and the environment, nurturing, affection, intuition and the qualities that make people feel safe and cared for.;Deepak Chopra;leadership
This assumption of Negro leadership in the ghetto, then, must not be confined to matters of religion, education, and social uplift it must deal with such fundamental forces in life as make these things possible.;Carter G. Woodson;leadership
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.;Arnold H. Glasow;leadership
We live in a society obsessed with public opinion. But leadership has never been about popularity.;Marco Rubio;leadership
I forgot to shake hands and be friendly. It was an important lesson about leadership.;Lee Iacocca;leadership
To have long term success as a coach or in any position of leadership, you have to be obsessed in some way.;Pat Riley;leadership
Leadership has a harder job to do than just choose sides. It must bring sides together.;Jesse Jackson;leadership
Character matters leadership descends from character.;Rush Limbaugh;leadership
I'm sad to report that in the past few years, ever since uncertainty became our insistent 21st century companion, leadership has taken a great leap backwards to the familiar territory of command and control.;Margaret J. Wheatley;leadership
In our system leadership is by consent, not command. To lead a President must persuade. Personal contacts and experiences help shape his thinking. They can be critical to his persuasiveness and thus to his leadership.;Donald Rumsfeld;leadership
The secret to understanding me is, I'm not trying to be anybody other than who I actually am. People want candid, refreshing leadership. And I've always tried to go with solutions. You know, I've always tried to say, here's how we get our economy growing, here's why we get our debt under control. That's what Mitt Romney is offering.;Paul Ryan;leadership
What's missing is leadership in the White House. And the story that Barack Obama does tell, forever shifting blame to the last administration, is getting old. The man assumed office almost four years ago - isn't it about time he assumed responsibility?;Paul Ryan;leadership
My philosophy of leadership is to surround myself with good people who have ability, judgment and knowledge, but above all, a passion for service.;Sonny Perdue;leadership
The biggest difference is in the leadership. It was better for us. We had more coaches and mentors to help us. A lot of the younger players today suffer from a lack of direction.;Isaiah Thomas;leadership
Don't necessarily avoid sharp edges. Occasionally they are necessary to leadership.;Donald Rumsfeld;leadership
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority.;Ken Blanchard;leadership
Charlatanism of some degree is indispensable to effective leadership.;Eric Hoffer;leadership
There's a void of leadership in a lot of Washington. I think one of the reasons why there's so much angst across the country.;Rush Limbaugh;leadership
Absolute identity with one's cause is the first and great condition of successful leadership.;Woodrow Wilson;leadership
Honor bespeaks worth. Confidence begets trust. Service brings satisfaction. Cooperation proves the quality of leadership.;James Cash Penney;leadership
Presidential leadership needn't always cost money. Look for low- and no-cost options. They can be surprisingly effective.;Donald Rumsfeld;leadership
Military school was great and especially great for leadership and then I spent two years in Vietnam.;Robert Kiyosaki;leadership
So here's the question: Without a change in leadership, why would the next four years be any different from the last four years?;Paul Ryan;leadership
Well football teams are perhaps easier to control than political parties, I'm sure the Prime Minister would agree with me, but yeah I think every team needs discipline and a sense of self-belief and that's important, that's what leadership's all about.;Iain Duncan Smith;leadership
Humility is a great quality of leadership which derives respect and not just fear or hatred.;Yousef Munayyer;leadership
What we heard today was not fiscal leadership from our Commander-in-Chief, what we heard today was a political broadside from our Campaigner-in-Chief.;Paul Ryan;leadership
We need leadership. We don't need a doubling down on the failed politics of the past.;Paul Ryan;leadership
Hope and change? We're not doing that anymore. They're doing attack and blame. And so, I just think people are going to see through this. They want real leadership. They want us to get this country on the right track.;Paul Ryan;leadership
A leader is one who, out of madness or goodness, volunteers to take upon himself the woe of the people. There are few men so foolish, hence the erratic quality of leadership in the world.;John Updike;leadership
Leadership can't be fabricated. If it is fabricated and rehearsed, you can't fool the guys in the locker room. So when you talk about leadership, it comes with performance. Leadership comes with consistency.;Junior Seau;leadership
If you don't understand that you work for your mislabeled 'subordinates,' then you know nothing of leadership. You know only tyranny.;Dee Hock;leadership
Ever since Israel has been a nation the United States has provided the leadership. Every president down to the ages has done this in a fairly balanced way, including George Bush senior, Gerald Ford, and others including myself and Bill Clinton.;Jimmy Carter;leadership
Overall, the challenge of leadership is both moral and one of developing the characteristics that make us respected by one another.;Louis Farrakhan;leadership
The task of leadership is not to put greatness into humanity, but to elicit it, for the greatness is already there.;John Buchan;leadership
In order to cultivate a set of leaders with legitimacy in the eyes of the citizenry, it is necessary that the path to leadership be visibly open to talented and qualified individuals of every race and ethnicity.;Sandra Day O'Connor;leadership
They said it was impossible to touch the third rail of politics, to take on public-sector unions and to reform a pension and health benefits system that was headed to bankruptcy. But with bipartisan leadership, we saved taxpayers $132 billion dollars over 30 years and saved retirees their pensions. We did it.;Chris Christie;leadership
But I do not believe that the world would be entirely different if there were more women leaders. Maybe if everybody in leadership was a woman, you might not get into the conflicts in the first place. But if you watch the women who have made it to the top, they haven't exactly been non-aggressive - including me.;Madeleine Albright;leadership
There are many elements to a campaign. Leadership is number one. Everything else is number two.;Bertolt Brecht;leadership
Leadership does not depend on being right.;Ivan Illich;leadership
Maybe if everybody in leadership was a woman, you might not get into the conflicts in the first place. But if you watch the women who have made it to the top, they haven't exactly been non-aggressive - including me.;Madeleine Albright;leadership
I emphasize self-esteem, self-confidence, and dignity, not as an ideal, but as a real test of community organization. Without leadership development, community organizations do not have staying power.;Paul Wellstone;leadership
Many corporate leaders and employees have the right intentions, but it can be overwhelming when you consider how everything is affected from leadership styles, to organizational structure, to employee engagement, to customer service an marketplace.;Simon Mainwaring;leadership
The one thing that the President can do is to establish a real energy independence plan. We have all the recources we need right here in this country to establish energy independence if we had the leadership.;Herman Cain;leadership
The trouble with the Labour Party leadership and the trade union leadership, they're quite willing to applaud millions on the streets of the Philippines or in Eastern Europe, without understanding the need to also produce millions of people on the streets of Britain.;Arthur Scargill;leadership
Yes, America must do the right thing, but to provide moral leadership, America must do it in the right way, too.;David Cameron;leadership
To my mind the election was stolen by George Bush and we have been suffering ever since under this man's leadership.;Jessica Lange;leadership
Nixon was an awful president in many ways, including in some of his foreign-policy choices. But he left no doubt that foreign policy and America's leadership in the world outside its borders was of paramount importance to him.;John Podhoretz;leadership
Leadership is hard to define and good leadership even harder. But if you can get people to follow you to the ends of the earth, you are a great leader.;Indra Nooyi;leadership
We are watching industries crumble, Wall Street firms disappear, unemployment spike, and unprecedented government intervention. And our designated opinion leaders want to know: Is Obama up this week? Is he down? And is his leadership style more like Bill Clinton's, or Abraham Lincoln's?;Thomas Frank;leadership
The signs of outstanding leadership appear primarily among the followers. Are the followers reaching their potential? Are they learning? Serving? Do they achieve the required results? Do they change with grace? Manage conflict?;Max de Pree;leadership
The only safe ship in a storm is leadership.;Faye Wattleton;leadership
The democratic idealist is prone to make light of the whole question of standards and leadership because of his unbounded faith in the plain people.;Irving Babbitt;leadership
With gridlock the norm, Congress's approval rating is below 10 percent and the public has lost faith in its national leadership.;Ron Fournier;leadership
Washington's answer to a self-inflicted financial crisis reminded Americans why they so deeply distrust the political class. The 'fiscal cliff' process was secretive and sloppy, and the nation's so-called leadership lacked the political courage to address our root problems: joblessness and debt.;Ron Fournier;leadership
Leadership comes in small acts as well as bold strokes.;Carly Fiorina;leadership
If a guy is intimidated by a woman in leadership, he has real problems with his own concepts of masculinity. That's a harsh statement, but I believe it to be true.;Tony Campolo;leadership
I want American Dream growth - lots of new businesses, well-paying jobs, and American leadership in new industries, like clean energy and biotechnology.;William J. Clinton;leadership
The more that social democracy develops, grows, and becomes stronger, the more the enlightened masses of workers will take their own destinies, the leadership of their movement, and the determination of its direction into their own hands.;Rosa Luxemburg;leadership
I am endlessly fascinated that playing football is considered a training ground for leadership, but raising children isn't. Hey, it made me a better leader: you have to take a lot of people's needs into account you have to look down the road. Trying to negotiate getting a couple of kids to watch the same TV show requires serious diplomacy.;Dee Dee Myers;leadership
My observation is that women are merely waiting for their husbands to assume leadership.;James Dobson;leadership
The Irish Republican Army has kept every commitment made by its leadership.;Gerry Adams;leadership
I believe that the capacity that any organisation needs is for leadership to appear anywhere it is needed, when it is needed.;Margaret J. Wheatley;leadership
I think it is quite dangerous for an organisation to think they can predict where they are going to need leadership. It needs to be something that people are willing to assume if it feels relevant, given the context of any situation.;Margaret J. Wheatley;leadership
I think a major act of leadership right now, call it a radical act, is to create the places and processes so people can actually learn together, using our experiences.;Margaret J. Wheatley;leadership
Most people associate command and control leadership with the military.;Margaret J. Wheatley;leadership
The cardinal responsibility of leadership is to identify the dominant contradiction at each point of the historical process and to work out a central line to resolve it.;Mao Zedong;leadership
It's really necessary for the United States to continue to give strong leadership to the Middle East peace process, supported by European countries at the same time.;William Hague;leadership
Leadership cannot just go along to get along. Leadership must meet the moral challenge of the day.;Jesse Jackson;leadership
Leadership is intangible, and therefore no weapon ever designed can replace it.;Omar N. Bradley;leadership
I think one of the keys to leadership is recognizing that everybody has gifts and talents. A good leader will learn how to harness those gifts toward the same goal.;Benjamin Carson;leadership
But no nation can base its survival and development on luck and prayers alone while its leadership fritters away every available opportunity for success and concrete achievement.;Ibrahim Babangida;leadership
If America wants to retain its position as a global power, its president must listen to the people and show strong leadership at this turning point in human history.;David Suzuki;leadership
Leadership is, among other things, the ability to inflict pain and get away with it - short-term pain for long-term gain.;George Will;leadership
It's a tremendous responsibility to be direct descendants of the prophet Muhammad. This family has had the burden of leadership on its shoulders for 1,400 years. I'm not going to drop the ball on my shift.;King Abdullah II;leadership
I think President Obama could have handled politics and policies differently. But he has been decisive, strong, and consistent - important qualities in a president. Mitt Romney is indeed an Etch A Sketch, the antithesis of leadership.;Eliot Spitzer;leadership
I think directors should be confident in their leadership capabilities. I think directors should be confident in what they want to do.;Philip Seymour Hoffman;leadership
It simply cannot be disputed that for decades the Palestinian leadership was more interested in there not being a Jewish state than in there being a Palestinian state.;Alan Dershowitz;leadership
Now, do I think there has to be shared sacrifice among other nations in the world who want a stable and secure world? Absolutely, there has to be. But I don't think that America can ever abdicate its leadership role in the world because of who we are and where we've come from. We are the symbol for the world for freedom and liberty.;Chris Christie;leadership
If anybody ran a business like that they would be out of business quickly, and Barack Obama's leadership is driving this business, the United States of America, toward a fiscal cliff.;Chris Christie;leadership
I think it is important to ask ourselves as citizens, not as Democrats attacking the administration, but as citizens, whether a world power can really provide global leadership on the basis of fear and anxiety?;Zbigniew Brzezinski;leadership
Leadership is an ever-evolving position.;Mike Krzyzewski;leadership
True leadership lies in guiding others to success. In ensuring that everyone is performing at their best, doing the work they are pledged to do and doing it well.;Bill Owens;leadership
If we are to negotiate the coming years safely, we may need a new kind of leadership. To put it more precisely, we need the rediscovery of an ancient kind of leadership that has rarely been given the prominence it deserves. I mean the leader as teacher.;Jonathan Sacks;leadership
Leadership is about being a servant first.;Allen West;leadership
The Dalai Lama. He is a very wise man of great inner peace who believes that happiness is the purpose of our lives. Through his teachings and leadership, he continues to make this world a better place in which to live.;Sidney Sheldon;leadership
The most dangerous leadership myth is that leaders are born-that there is a genetic factor to leadership. This myth asserts that people simply either have certain charismatic qualities or not. That's nonsense in fact, the opposite is true. Leaders are made rather than born.;Warren G. Bennis;leadership
But the fact is that the vast majority of Republicans support the Sinn Fein leadership.;Martin McGuinness;leadership
Leadership that exploits and sacrifices young people on the altar of its goals is nothing more than raw, demonic power. Genuine leadership is found in ceaseless efforts to foster young people, to pave the way forward for them.;Daisaku Ikeda;leadership
Where there is an absence of international political leadership, civil society should step in to fill the gap, providing the energy and vision needed to move the world in a new and better direction.;Daisaku Ikeda;leadership
The role of leadership is to transform the complex situation into small pieces and prioritize them.;Carlos Ghosn;leadership
Moreover, as the leadership of the House confirmed last year, the Administration remains opposed to a congressional resolution on the Armenian Genocide due to Turkish objections. This approach sends absolutely the wrong signal to Turkey and to the rest of the world.;Patrick J. Kennedy;leadership
Ninety percent of leadership is the ability to communicate something people want.;Dianne Feinstein;leadership
We must recognize that as the dominant power in the world we have a special responsibility. In addition to protecting our national interests, we must take the leadership in protecting the common interests of humanity.;George Soros;leadership
