It's very difficult today for girls to become supermodels. There is a lot more competition, a lot of countries in the East have opened up so there are many more models than there were in the Nineties. Now they have to compete with famous actresses but also with, say, reality stars to be on the magazine covers.;Claudia Schiffer;famous
There's this common perception that having a famous last name is all you need. A surname may get you a meeting, but if there's no talent you won't get the part.;Lily Collins;famous
I don't want to be famous famous. I'm happy on the second tier, where I have autonomy on a professional level but I can still go out to the movies without being recognized.;Gabrielle Reece;famous
The poster boy for our superabled future is Oscar Pistorius, an increasingly famous South African sprinter who happens to have had both of his legs amputated below the knee. Using upside down question mark-shaped carbon fiber sprinting prosthetics, called Cheetah blades, Mr. Pistorius can challenge the fastest sprinters in the world.;Daniel H. Wilson;famous
I would have changed my last name if being famous were my goal.;Zach Galifianakis;famous
I studied Japanese language and culture in college and graduate school, and afterward went to work in Tokyo, where I met a young man whose father was a famous businessman and whose mother was a geisha.;Arthur Golden;famous
I'd die if I was Madonna. I'd die. God, what a horrible way to live. And Michael Jackson! To be so famous and to feel so isolated. I feel so bad for them. I don't know how it feels, and I hope it never happens to me.;Alicia Silverstone;famous
I studied Hitchcock a little bit at University and knew the famous story about the Birds - that he'd tortured Tippi for a day using real birds. I had no idea that it was a five-day onslaught and that it was the tip of an iceberg that carried on through to another film.;Toby Jones;famous
Sometimes you're famous before you're good.;Maggie Q;famous
You know, I'm a television personality. It's not like I'm a famous hooker or something!;Brett Somers;famous
I know there are people, if I go into a market or a city for the first time, there are people that are there that just want to see the famous person, or the guy from 'Dumb and Dumber' or whatever movie they liked. And that's fine, it gets them in the door, but then it's my job to give them something different.;Jeff Daniels;famous
I think that people who are famous tend to be underdeveloped in their humanity skills.;Diane Keaton;famous
I keep saying I'm not at all famous in my own country, because people do not think I have done anything for India.;Freida Pinto;famous
I'm a bit jealous. Until two days ago someone told me I am the most famous Korean in the world.;PSY;famous
The first pork-barrel bill that crosses my desk, I'm going to veto it and make the authors of those pork-barrel items famous all over America.;John McCain;famous
My ultimate dream is to become a famous star because I love to sing.;Lucy Hale;famous
I actually don't know anyone who wants to be famous for fame's sake, at least not anyone I respect. But you need to have a certain amount of power in order to be able to do what you want.;Michael Ian Black;famous
It was a mixed blessing to have famous parents. It was tough to go to auditions and be bad, since I couldn't be anonymous.;Ben Stiller;famous
I felt no pressure that my grandfather was famous and my uncle was famous.;Kim Weston;famous
Uncle Brett had a definite vision that he was after, I don't think having a famous father affected him much.;Kim Weston;famous
For me, I never, never, from the moment I started acting, had a desire to be famous.;Carla Gugino;famous
I know I had my equivalents in Adrian Lester and Lenny James when I was at drama school. I remember David Harewood doing 'Othello' at the National, and Adrian Lester having done Cheek by Jowl's famous 'As You Like It and Company' at the Donmar. Not necessarily performances I saw, but just the fact they happened was massively encouraging.;David Oyelowo;famous
Famous crime stories almost always lead to the passing of new laws.;Bill James;famous
I never feel so utterly fraudulent as when I review a movie whose charms impress all in the world and I simply do not get it. The other variant is that I love something the world disdains. This has had severe career consequences: I am still famous - or notorious - in certain quarters where I am recalled as the man who liked 'Hudson Hawk.';Stephen Hunter;famous
I don't ever want to be hugely famous because I had a little taste of it after 'East Is East' and 'Bend It.';Archie Panjabi;famous
It's been real weird. It wasn't how I expected my life to turn out. Especially, mainly pertaining to the show. It never crossed my mind that one day I'm gonna be big and famous and have my own TV show, you know?;Jack Osbourne;famous
The Band was always famous for its retirements we'd go and play and get a little petty cash together, and then not see each other till it was time to fill our pockets up again.;Rick Danko;famous
My name's Jennifer Ellison and one day I'm going to be famous!;Jennifer Ellison;famous
I'm not cut out to be a famous person I can't do my hair and makeup well enough.;Jennifer Weiner;famous
There's always going to be that pressure when you're in front of the camera. When you're famous it's just an extreme version of reality and there's a pressure to look a certain way.;Geri Halliwell;famous
The same people who can deny others everything are famous for refusing themselves nothing.;Leigh Hunt;famous
In Los Angeles, as I gained and lost celebrity, then gained it again, I often found myself wondering why I, out of thousands like me, had become famous.;Patrick Dempsey;famous
I may not be the most famous songwriter in the world, but you know a David Friedman song when you hear it. It took me a long time to appreciate that.;David Friedman;famous
I don't really know a lot of famous people. I've met a lot of famous people. If I ran into Tom Hanks today, I would have to remind him who I was and he would then remember me. But he wouldn't come up to me and say, 'Hi Dave!';David Zucker;famous
It's not like I'm the most famous person in the world.;Ron Silver;famous
A lot of the greatest compositions were made famous by Sinatra.;Michael Bolton;famous
In opera, as with any performing art, to be in great demand and to command high fees you must be good of course, but you must also be famous. The two are different things.;Luciano Pavarotti;famous
I'd definitely rather be rich than famous.;Radha Mitchell;famous
I had to do this very aggressive, big score in a very short time, and knowing that in the beginning, middle, and end would be this very, very famous theme, but I still had to weave a score around it and make it work as a score was really challenging.;Danny Elfman;famous
These days, with 'American Idol' and all the other reality shows, young people become famous overnight, and that can be very difficult to handle, the way photographers follow you around and study your every move.;Barry Manilow;famous
I don't do the whole, 'Put my name on it, make me famous' thing.;T-Pain;famous
Although I get so much fan mail from Great Britain, tell me, am I more famous there than Michael Madsen?;Tom Sizemore;famous
I try to become more humble and more myself with every year. There was a while when I got famous where I was so confused and my head was spinning.;Mira Sorvino;famous
One of the pleasant duties of America's most famous announcers during the relatively short swing era of the big bands was to host late-night remotes from some of the most famous ballrooms throughout the country.;Nick Clooney;famous
If I wanted to be famous, I could have been famous before.;David Gest;famous
We're teaching young girls that this is what they should be focusing on: rich and famous girls who are rich and famous for nothing.;Ellen Pompeo;famous
The famous saying 'God is love', it is generally assumed, means that God is like our immediate emotional indulgence, not that the meaning of love ought to have something of the 'otherness' and terror of God.;Charles Williams;famous
But I don't feel the need to be famous.;Jessica Alba;famous
I don't put weight on fame, and having people around me just because I am famous makes me feel really bad about myself.;Jessica Alba;famous
Jason Lee is the most famous actor from Hawaii I can think of.;Tia Carrere;famous
It's too late for me to get married before I'm famous. You never know people's intentions.;Carmelo Anthony;famous
There were so much affairs of me created by the media... of course I was not always a true single. I had some relations, once also to a famous pop star.;Gabriela Sabatini;famous
You can be a famous poisoner or a successful poisoner, but not both, and the same seems to apply to Great Train Robbers.;Clive Anderson;famous
Kids will keep it real. If I've ever had in my life a great anchor, it's them. They get in your head, 'don't get too famous.' If you think you're really famous and think you're really hip, go hang out with your kids for an afternoon. That's about as earthbound as it's going to get.;Lionel Richie;famous
Being famous gets me good concert tickets, good tables in restaurants, good seats at sporting events and that's really about it.;Fran Drescher;famous
To seduce a woman famous for strict morals, religious fervor and the happiness of her marriage: what could possibly be more prestigious?;Christopher Hampton;famous
Being famous before you've formed your personality, before you have that self-esteem, is dangerous.;Chris Evert;famous
When you're a famous, successful person at 16 years old, the rules change for you. Everybody is doing things for you to make life easier so you can go out and play. And I think you miss out on lot of growing up and a lot of reality checks.;Chris Evert;famous
Whenever I'm in theatre situations I will go out of my way not to talk about my father, but in the film world I can be really proud of my family and say, 'You know what: my dad's a really, really famous theatre director,' because nobody has any idea.;Rebecca Hall;famous
The advantage of taking pictures of the famous is that they get published.;Elliott Erwitt;famous
I was famous from birth.;Peter Fonda;famous
I am famous because I am an African American jazz artist.;Nat King Cole;famous
I made a conscious decision back then that I would rather be the best actress who ever lived than the most famous one.;Sally Kirkland;famous
The real harm of term extension comes not from these famous works. The real harm is to the works that are not famous, not commercially exploited, and no longer available as a result.;Lawrence Lessig;famous
But to this day I am convinced that the real reason we met was because Alexander is from Nebraska, and he was completely fascinated that I was about to go off and make a movie with Brando - perhaps the most famous Nebraskan of all.;Thomas Haden Church;famous
I did my famous cabbage soup diet, so I was able to do it.;Ellen Burstyn;famous
The actual truth about Gad is it's one of the original 13 tribes of Israel, so you can actually trace my lineage back to, like, those guys who had, like, a hand in the Bible and have since become very famous from that. So I come from very famous lineage. Granted, they didn't have cameras back then, so none of them had TV shows.;Josh Gad;famous
I do not like being famous. I like being normal.;Vince Gill;famous
I've always been more drawn to being normal than being famous.;Vince Gill;famous
I have actor friends, but they're not famous. I feel like if you're an actor or - famous, you have to overly prove that you're a normal, cool person.;Amanda Bynes;famous
It's not my goal to be a famous actor.;Gavin DeGraw;famous
I think it's really important for celebrities to use their power of money and fame to get their voices out there. It's funny to me that we're expected to keep quiet just because of who we are. Why do I lose my right to speak my mind because I'm famous?;Lisa Edelstein;famous
I don't like being famous - it is like a prison. And driving for Ferrari would make it far worse.;Valentino Rossi;famous
While we are being fascinated by the tales of famous serial killers and how they were brought to justice, the real serial killer goes about his business with hardly a thought to being caught.;Pat Brown;famous
It was pretty frightening because as we all know, when large, famous groups breakup, a lot of the members don't survive in solo careers.;Don Henley;famous
I want to be in 'Glee,' but I'm told I'm not famous enough to be a cameo yet.;Carey Mulligan;famous
Being famous is having the power to really implement positive change in the world, and it gives you the power to do what you want. I'm really grateful for it because I can play music and people will listen.;Sean Lennon;famous
Your face is your calling card, but you're not so famous that you can't go out.;Vincent Schiavelli;famous
Well, I knew I wanted to be an actor, and I didn't necessarily need or want to be famous or a celebrity actor.;Jenna Fischer;famous
It was never about winning medals or being famous.;Nancy Kerrigan;famous
I can never really enjoy being famous.;Utada Hikaru;famous
It's sour grapes, I admit, I want to be more famous so people are examining my work couplet by couplet, you know what I mean? That's the level where I want to go.;Frank Black;famous
Decide very early on: do you want to be an actor or do you want to be famous? Because they're very different routes.;James Purefoy;famous
Similarly, another famous little quantum fluctuation that programs you is the exact configuration of your DNA.;Seth Lloyd;famous
I don't like being recognised, I have no interest in being famous at all, I just do what I do. If I could be like Captain Kirk and beam myself up and then beam myself down, I would!;Bruce Dickinson;famous
He makes me laugh, Mick! He tended to turn up when we were having lunch and entertain us all. He bought an Enigma machine! I've never worked with a producer who was more famous than everyone put together.;Saffron Burrows;famous
I became famous almost before I had a craft.;Farrah Fawcett;famous
I don't come from a famous family and don't have this detachment from everyday people and everyday life. I'm just doing my job and the attention that comes with it is part of the territory.;Ed Westwick;famous
I am the most well-adjusted human being I know. I started out this investigation as a very happy man with a great career. I've got the life people dream about: I am rich, I am famous, I've got a fabulous marriage to an absolutely, spell-bindingly brilliant woman.;James Ellroy;famous
The whole business of getting famous was good fun, but it was a long time ago.;Julian Clary;famous
They gave it to us for about five bucks a week, and we just went there to live. Probably the first band that ever did that back then and it became the famous cottage.;Jim Capaldi;famous
I've never dreamed of being famous. The idea of it really scares me.;Jeremy London;famous
If you ever get rich and famous, by definition you are special. You have done something special, and therefore you start to behave special. Then if the floor drops out, and you become down and out, you have a really new perspective.;Danny Bonaduce;famous
I had a flight trainer who is one of the biggest and most famous helicopter pilots the world.;Izabella Scorupco;famous
I was never famous as a kid. That's the biggest difference between me and any other kid actor is that I wasn't famous as a kid.;Seth Green;famous
I do not take any pleasure whatsoever in being a famous person.;Donna Leon;famous
I never wanted to be rich or successful or famous. I just wanted to be happy and have fun.;Donna Leon;famous
And I don't want to live anywhere where I am famous. It makes me very, very uncomfortable, because it conveys an advantage over people, and I don't like that.;Donna Leon;famous
It's horrible how money and fame can make you acceptable while, if you're not famous or rich, you're not acceptable.;Bruno Tonioli;famous
