Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely.;P. J. O'Rourke;funny
I used to jog but the ice cubes kept falling out of my glass.;David Lee Roth;funny
They say marriages are made in Heaven. But so is thunder and lightning.;Clint Eastwood;funny
He taught me housekeeping when I divorce I keep the house.;Zsa Zsa Gabor;funny
I bought some batteries, but they weren't included.;Steven Wright;funny
I have never been hurt by what I have not said.;Calvin Coolidge;funny
Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country.;Steven Wright;funny
I no doubt deserved my enemies, but I don't believe I deserved my friends.;Walt Whitman;funny
If love is the answer, could you please rephrase the question?;Lily Tomlin;funny
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.;Bertrand Russell;funny
I wear a necklace, cause I wanna know when I'm upside down.;Mitch Hedberg;funny
It is even harder for the average ape to believe that he has descended from man.;H. L. Mencken;funny
I like children - fried.;W. C. Fields;funny
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper.;Jerry Seinfeld;funny
I'm for whatever gets you through the night.;Frank Sinatra;funny
Because of their size, parents may be difficult to discipline properly.;P. J. O'Rourke;funny
I love to go to Washington - if only to be near my money.;Bob Hope;funny
I never expected to see the day when girls would get sunburned in the places they now do.;Will Rogers;funny
O Lord, help me to be pure, but not yet.;Saint Augustine;funny
I'm not a real movie star. I've still got the same wife I started out with twenty-eight years ago.;Will Rogers;funny
A sure cure for seasickness is to sit under a tree.;Spike Milligan;funny
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair.;Hillary Clinton;funny
Nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public.;H. L. Mencken;funny
Age is something that doesn't matter, unless you are a cheese.;Luis Bunuel;funny
Every man's dream is to be able to sink into the arms of a woman without also falling into her hands.;Jerry Lewis;funny
The only time I ever enjoyed ironing was the day I accidentally got gin in the steam iron.;Phyllis Diller;funny
My Father had a profound influence on me. He was a lunatic.;Spike Milligan;funny
Food, love, career, and mothers, the four major guilt groups.;Cathy Guisewite;funny
A lot of baby boomers are baby bongers.;Kevin Nealon;funny
When we talk to God, we're praying. When God talks to us, we're schizophrenic.;Jane Wagner;funny
The superfluous, a very necessary thing.;Voltaire;funny
The next time you have a thought... let it go.;Ron White;funny
What contemptible scoundrel has stolen the cork to my lunch?;W. Clement Stone;funny
It's simple, if it jiggles, it's fat.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;funny
When I eventually met Mr. Right I had no idea that his first name was Always.;Rita Rudner;funny
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.;Victor Hugo;funny
If you want to be thought a liar, always tell the truth.;Logan P. Smith;funny
It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate.;Dave Barry;funny
I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap.;Rodney Dangerfield;funny
This shirt is dry clean only. Which means... it's dirty.;Mitch Hedberg;funny
Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it.;Laurence J. Peter;funny
All men are equal before fish.;Herbert Hoover;funny
I wanna make a jigsaw puzzle that's 40,000 pieces. And when you finish it, it says 'go outside.';Demetri Martin;funny
I hate housework! You make the beds, you do the dishes and six months later you have to start all over again.;Joan Rivers;funny
California is a fine place to live - if you happen to be an orange.;Fred Allen;funny
Every time I see an adult on a bicycle, I no longer despair for the future of the human race.;H. G. Wells;funny
If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor.;Joan Rivers;funny
Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who would want to live in an institution?;H. L. Mencken;funny
My life needs editing.;Mort Sahl;funny
Men are only as loyal as their options.;Bill Maher;funny
My one regret in life is that I am not someone else.;Woody Allen;funny
I don't need you to remind me of my age. I have a bladder to do that for me.;Stephen Fry;funny
When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick.;George Burns;funny
I have a love interest in every one of my films: a gun.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;funny
You're only as good as your last haircut.;Fran Lebowitz;funny
Be obscure clearly.;E. B. White;funny
Food is an important part of a balanced diet.;Fran Lebowitz;funny
I have tried to know absolutely nothing about a great many things, and I have succeeded fairly well.;Robert Benchley;funny
Do not let a flattering woman coax and wheedle you and deceive you she is after your barn.;Hesiod;funny
There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap.;Kevin James;funny
People always ask me, 'Were you funny as a child?' Well, no, I was an accountant.;Ellen DeGeneres;funny
If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.;Tallulah Bankhead;funny
Everything that used to be a sin is now a disease.;Bill Maher;funny
All the candy corn that was ever made was made in 1911.;Lewis Black;funny
Men don't care what's on TV. They only care what else is on TV.;Jerry Seinfeld;funny
Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing.;Robert Benchley;funny
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?;Lily Tomlin;funny
You see much more of your children once they leave home.;Lucille Ball;funny
One man's folly is another man's wife.;Helen Rowland;funny
Never raise your hand to your children - it leaves your midsection unprotected.;Robert Orben;funny
I'd luv to kiss ya, but I just washed my hair.;Bette Davis;funny
I failed to make the chess team because of my height.;Woody Allen;funny
If it weren't for Philo T. Farnsworth, inventor of television, we'd still be eating frozen radio dinners.;Johnny Carson;funny
If I want to knock a story off the front page, I just change my hairstyle.;Hillary Clinton;funny
TV is chewing gum for the eyes.;Frank Lloyd Wright;funny
I was the kid next door's imaginary friend.;Emo Philips;funny
Don't forget Mother's Day. Or as they call it in Beverly Hills, Dad's Third Wife Day.;Jay Leno;funny
Boy, those French: they have a different word for everything!;Steve Martin;funny
I've always wanted to go to Switzerland to see what the army does with those wee red knives.;Billy Connolly;funny
Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name.;Milton Berle;funny
If at first you don't succeed, blame your parents.;Marcelene Cox;funny
I like a woman with a head on her shoulders. I hate necks.;Steve Martin;funny
Until you walk a mile in another man's moccasins you can't imagine the smell.;Robert Byrne;funny
Never fight an inanimate object.;P. J. O'Rourke;funny
Smoking kills. If you're killed, you've lost a very important part of your life.;Brooke Shields;funny
I don't believe in the after life, although I am bringing a change of underwear.;Woody Allen;funny
I think they should have a Barbie with a buzz cut.;Ellen DeGeneres;funny
If my films make one more person miserable, I'll feel I have done my job.;Woody Allen;funny
We'll love you just the way you are if you're perfect.;Alanis Morissette;funny
Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage. I'm afraid it did.;Bette Davis;funny
I don't think anyone should write their autobiography until after they're dead.;Samuel Goldwyn;funny
Parents are the last people on earth who ought to have children.;Samuel Butler;funny
Men are liars. We'll lie about lying if we have to. I'm an algebra liar. I figure two good lies make a positive.;Tim Allen;funny
A James Cagney love scene is one where he lets the other guy live.;Bob Hope;funny
Everything in life is somewhere else, and you get there in a car.;E. B. White;funny
If you can't tell a spoon from a ladle, then you're fat!;Demetri Martin;funny
If it's the Psychic Network why do they need a phone number?;Robin Williams;funny
The reason there are two senators for each state is so that one can be the designated driver.;Jay Leno;funny
Moderation is a virtue only in those who are thought to have an alternative.;Henry A. Kissinger;funny
