Religion enabled society to organise itself to debate goodness, just as Greek drama had once done.;Edward Bond;religion
Religion is the possibility of the removal of every ground of confidence except confidence in God alone.;Karl Barth;religion
Nevertheless, there is another threat on the horizon. I see this threat in environmentalism which is becoming a new dominant ideology, if not a religion. Its main weapon is raising the alarm and predicting the human life endangering climate change based on man-made global warming.;Vaclav Klaus;religion
Shelley is truth itself and honour itself notwithstanding his out-of-the-way notions about religion.;George Byron;religion
It is an interesting and demonstrable fact, that all children are atheists and were religion not inculcated into their minds, they would remain so.;Ernestine Rose;religion
Genius without religion is only a lamp on the outer gate of a palace it may serve to cast a gleam of light on those that are without, while the inhabitant sits in darkness.;Hannah More;religion
Christmas renews our youth by stirring our wonder. The capacity for wonder has been called our most pregnant human faculty, for in it are born our art, our science, our religion.;Ralph W. Sockman;religion
Religion is a candle inside a multicolored lantern. Everyone looks through a particular color, but the candle is always there.;Mohammed Naguib;religion
Mysticism, poor mysticism! When it is underestimated and oversimplified, it comes down from its original sphere and stands beside religion.;Sri Chinmoy;religion
I know one thing: There are a billion Islamic people in the world today, and there will be about 2 billion by the time we're dead. They're not going to give up their religion.;Chris Matthews;religion
Religion is all-too-often a refuge for scoundrels.;Neal Boortz;religion
Let us have but one end in view, the welfare of humanity and let us put aside all selfishness in consideration of language, nationality, or religion.;John Comenius;religion
The Law of God in the Christian religion is the schoolmaster that leads us to Christ.;Randall Terry;religion
The enemies of the Christian religion and the Law of God confuse law with faith.;Randall Terry;religion
I'm a believer. I don't go to church. I don't belong to any particular religion, but I do believe in God. I couldn't write what I write about and be creative without a certain form of belief.;Nick Cave;religion
We establish no religion in this country, nor will we ever. But we poison our society when we remove its theological underpinnings. We court corruption when we leave society devoid of belief.;Jeff Miller;religion
These days too many of us seem inclined to cover our ears, close our eyes, and blindly follow the most narrow, conservative tenets of religion or else seek comfort in the ancient traditions of New Age ritual.;Joan D. Vinge;religion
The religion of the Indian is the last thing about him that the man of another race will ever understand.;Charles Eastman;religion
Religion often partakes of the myth of progress that shields us from the terrors of an uncertain future.;Frank Herbert;religion
There's a couple things you don't talk about in life, and that's race, religion and politics. I try to make sure I don't talk about politics at all.;Robert Griffin III;religion
Our religion does not discriminate according to color, sex or anything else. What counts is piety and faith.;King Hussein I;religion
Philosophy is an attempt by man to find cause and effect. Religion has the same goal.;Al Goldstein;religion
First of all, my persuasion is what really breeds violence is political differences. But because religion serves as the soul of community, it gets drawn into the fracas and turns up the heat.;Huston Smith;religion
Religion is the call to confront reality to master the self.;Huston Smith;religion
It is commonly said and known that each civilization has its own religion. Now my claim is that if we look deeper, the different civilizations were brought into being by the different revelations.;Huston Smith;religion
Most modern science fiction went to school on 'Dune.' Even 'Harry Potter' with its 'boy protagonist who has not yet grown into his destiny' shares a common theme. When I read it for the first time, I felt like I had learned another language, mastered a new culture, adopted a new religion.;Gary Ross;religion
I'm not a religious person, and I'm not too interested in being a part of a religion, but I do like having some sort of communal gathering, and having some sense of peoples.;Ian MacKaye;religion
Through history, people look for something spiritual. The greatest scientists in the world were men of religion and faith, too.;Kirstie Alley;religion
There is all the difference in the world between teaching children about religion and handing them over to be taught by the religious.;Polly Toynbee;religion
Fashion is almost like a religion, for me at least.;ASAP Rocky;religion
There was a time when someone would get on a plane and request to move their seat just because the person sitting next to them was of a different ethnicity or religion or nationality. But I don't think my generation wants that. That's how it used to be.;ASAP Rocky;religion
Mr. Speaker, the fact of the matter is that the Ten Commandments are a historical document that contains moral, ethical, and legal truisms that any person of any religion or even an atheist can recognize and appreciate.;Cliff Stearns;religion
Don't be confused that my interest in religion, faith, and spirituality is driven by any sense of faith or spirituality of my own.;Peter Jennings;religion
I am sensitive to the value of faith and religion and spirituality in people's lives because I'm a journalist.;Peter Jennings;religion
I think you can be cynical about religion on occasion, and certainly skeptical about the degree to which some people use religion to manipulate other people.;Peter Jennings;religion
The attitude is we live and let live. This is actually an amazing change in values in a rather short time and it's an example of freedom from religion.;Tom Wolfe;religion
Do you think that God will punish them for not practicing a religion which he did not reveal to them?;Charles de Secondat;religion
People here argue about religion interminably, but it appears that they are competing at the same time to see who can be the least devout.;Charles de Secondat;religion
No account of the Renaissance can be complete without some notice of the attempt made by certain Italian scholars of the fifteenth century to reconcile Christianity with the religion of ancient Greece.;Walter Pater;religion
You can't write about the past and ignore religion. It was such a fundamental, mind-shaping, driving force for pre-modern societies. I'm very interested in what religion does to us - its capacity to create love and empathy or hatred and violence.;Geraldine Brooks;religion
Supreme serenity still remains the Ideal of great Art. The shapes and transitory forms of life are but stages toward this Ideal, which Christ's religion illuminates with His divine light.;Franz Liszt;religion
It's fun being in Islamic countries, to know there's only one religion. There's order. You wear a burqa. There's no choice. People are happy with that.;Prince;religion
Difference of religion breeds more quarrels than difference of politics.;Wendell Phillips;religion
The first guy who came up with the concept of religion was sitting out under a tree. I'm sure of that.;Tom T. Hall;religion
It doesn't matter what color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, etc., everyone should have the same freedoms and liberties.;Lance Bass;religion
I am a Westerner. We're not going to change the West by going East. The East has a lot to teach us, but essentially it's like a mirror, saying, hey, can't you see what's here in your own religion, what are you, stupid?;Matthew Fox;religion
Violence against women in all its forms is a human rights violation. It's not something that any culture, religion or tradition propagates.;Michelle Bachelet;religion
How can you tell when a political ideology has become the equivalent of a religion?;Andrew Sullivan;religion
I have increasingly, over the years, felt that religion today does our civilization more harm than good.;Mary Douglas;religion
It is very reasonable to worry about the harm done by organized religion, and to prefer looser and more private arrangements.;Mary Douglas;religion
Just in our lifetime our society has become looser and more private, it becomes extremely difficult to hold to any permanent commitment whatever, least of all to organized religion.;Mary Douglas;religion
It is only partly true that religion does more harm than good in society. The community makes God into the image it wants, vengeful, or milky sweet, or scrupulously just, and so on.;Mary Douglas;religion
Those among them that have not received our religion do not fright any from it, and use none ill that goes over to it, so that all the while I was there one man was only punished on this occasion.;Thomas More;religion
I like to say magic is the world's second oldest profession, a mystical and often awe-inspiring spectacle that, throughout the ages, has blended superstition, trickery and religion.;Criss Angel;religion
I took religion much too seriously, however, and its overall effect was depressing. I would have really liked to discard it, but somehow I couldn't.;Jack Dee;religion
There can be no truce between science and religion.;John B. S. Haldane;religion
I was little there were times I wanted my parents to be normal. I wanted them to have a religion. I wanted them to have a job, like the parents of every other kid I went to school with.;Gael Garcia Bernal;religion
In every society in human history, including the United States, those in power seek to imbue themselves with the attributes of religion and patriotism as a way of getting greater support for their policy and insulating themselves from any criticism.;George J. Mitchell;religion
One of Dawkins' major gripes is against religion. I am in total agreement on that one. I abhor religion.;Ray Comfort;religion
Things are coming to a pretty pass when religion is allowed to invade private life.;Lord Melbourne;religion
The women's movement will present a growing threat to patriarchal religion less by attacking it than by simply leaving it behind.;Carol P. Christ;religion
I think there's a difference between God and religion.;Sinead O'Connor;religion
I believe that the Framers of the Constitution made their intent clear when they wrote the First Amendment. I believe they wanted to keep the new government from endorsing one religion over another, not erase the public consciousness or common faith.;Nick Rahall;religion
If God existed, and if He cared for humankind, He would never have given us religion.;Martin Amis;religion
And these two elements are at odds with one another because Freud is utterly adversary to almost all the ways of structuring the human experience found in Western religions. No Western religion can countenance Freud's view of man.;Chaim Potok;religion
Is woman a religion? Well, perhaps you will have the chance of judging for yourselves if you go to America. There you will find men treating women with just the same respect formerly accorded only to religious dignitaries or to great nobles.;Lafcadio Hearn;religion
Religion obviously played a role in this book and the previous book, too.;Studs Terkel;religion
To play June, I had an immediate connect with her background and culture. We grew up with the same religion and shared a lot of the same values of family and spirituality. But I was really so inspired by what a modern woman she was.;Reese Witherspoon;religion
The Lord's prayer contains the sum total of religion and morals.;Arthur Wellesley;religion
Educate men without religion and you make of them but clever devils.;Arthur Wellesley;religion
I'm interested in spirituality and in religion and our relationship to the divine.;Giancarlo Esposito;religion
I found enormous opposition to my religion. It's like if you want to strengthen your biceps, you lift heavy weight, as heavy as you can handle, and work your muscles against resistance until it grows strong. I had to do that with my religion.;Ricardo Montalban;religion
Since the governments are in the pockets of businesses, who's going to control this most powerful institution? Business is more powerful than politics, and it's more powerful than religion. So it's going to have to be the vigilante consumer.;Anita Roddick;religion
Religion works on some people but not on everyone, because it says, 'Stop thinking and accept what I tell you.' That's not valid for people who want to think and reflect.;Abbas Kiarostami;religion
All the different nations in the world, despite their differences of appearance and religion and language and way of life, still have one thing in common, and that is what's inside of all of us. If we X-rayed the insides of different human beings, we wouldn't be able to tell from those X-rays what the person's language or background or race is.;Abbas Kiarostami;religion
If you went for a job interview in a Glasgow law firm, they used to ask you what school you went to. And that was a way of finding out what religion you were.;Denise Mina;religion
Where you have no religion, you are sure to have no government, for as religion disappears, anarchy takes place and fixes a compleat Hell on earth till religion returns.;Daniel Morgan;religion
Kinsey was trying to study sex scientifically, get rid of the overlay of culture and religion.;Bill Condon;religion
With religion I was always like, 'Does it matter if it's true if it makes you happy?';Matt Stone;religion
True Americanism is opposed utterly to any political divisions resting on race and religion.;Henry Cabot Lodge;religion
I think the church and the religion right now have a lot more to be worried about than SLAYER.;Kerry King;religion
In science, a healthy skepticism is a professional necessity, whereas in religion, having belief without evidence is regarded as a virtue.;Paul Davies;religion
Science, we are repeatedly told, is the most reliable form of knowledge about the world because it is based on testable hypotheses. Religion, by contrast, is based on faith. The term 'doubting Thomas' well illustrates the difference.;Paul Davies;religion
Imagine a civilisation that's way in advance of us wants to communicate with us, and assist us in our development. The information we provide to them must reflect our highest aspirations and ideals, and not just be some crazy person's bizarre politics or religion.;Paul Davies;religion
I don't feel the need for religion. But I went on a yoga retreat last year and I do believe slightly in the karma thing and just being good and true unto yourself. And I slightly believe that you can attract good and bad to you.;Imelda Staunton;religion
There are a lot of Christian fundamentalists there are a lot of Muslim extremists. Every religion - Mormonism - has something way on the side that's completely using the religion as some weird backbone for their twisted faith. It has nothing to do with their religion.;Patrick Wilson;religion
I am fascinated with religion or things that people believe in and question that. I think it's interesting.;Patrick Wilson;religion
Cruel persecutions and intolerance are not accidents, but grow out of the very essence of religion, namely, its absolute claims.;Morris Raphael Cohen;religion
The marvel of the Bhagavad-Gita is its truly beautiful revelation of life's wisdom which enables philosophy to blossom into religion.;Herman Hesse;religion
For many people religion can be so easy they stumble right over it.;Kathie Lee Gifford;religion
When I was almost 13 I was ripe for religion. I was actually just plain ripe.;Kathie Lee Gifford;religion
How do you live with evil? Art is traditionally - certainly with my secular background - the answer, but art is very self-referential, whereas religion claims to go beyond the bounds of human existence.;Yann Martel;religion
There are several reasons why Russians view the oppressive state positively. First, in the Russian Orthodox religion, there is an understanding of authority as something sent by God.;Ryszard Kapuscinski;religion
Although religion was around me my whole life I never felt it was forced upon me. It is my centring, my grounding, the soul of me. I feel I'm nothing without it.;Nicole Scherzinger;religion
I found it interesting that as people become more technically oriented all over the world, at the same time people are becoming increasingly spiritual. The success of the Da Vinci code - even though it was a great yawn - also showed people's interest in religion.;Barbara Walters;religion
Coming out involves varying degrees of difficulty that are affected by class, race, religion, and geography.;Lance Loud;religion
As a politician who cherishes religious conviction in his personal sphere, but regards politics as a domain belonging outside religion, I believe that this view is seriously flawed.;Recep Tayyip Erdogan;religion
I should like to repeat what I stated recently in the Jeddah Economic Forum in Saudi Arabia: It won't be the religion, but rather the world-view of some of its followers that shall be made current.;Recep Tayyip Erdogan;religion
Both of my parents would say they were atheists, so where I inherited my connection to God I don't know. But it's natural. No Bible, no Torah, just the love religion.;Lisa Bonet;religion
