Well, my mom taught public school music for almost 40 years. And she's about 5 feet - and very mighty. And she would control her kids a lot by giving them the eye, or the stare.;Vanessa Williams;mom
She had a hit for every syllable: 'Don't. You. Ever. Talk. To. Me. Like. That. Ever. Again.' That was the last time I ever talked back to Mom.;Misty May-Treanor;mom
My mom's passionate and energetic and very funny and enthusiastic.;Eric Stonestreet;mom
My whole life sort of ended when my mom died.;Cheryl Strayed;mom
I always tell people, I'm a better swimmer because I'm a mom and a better mom because I'm swimmer.;Amanda Beard;mom
People close to me called me 'Curry in a Hurry.' I was moving through life at 100 miles an hour trying to further my career and be a great mom and make everyone happy.;Ann Curry;mom
I think my first big purchase was actually for my mom. She had one of those '90s TVs in her living room that's like a 10x10 brick, so I purchased her a flatscreen for her living room.;Dave Franco;mom
I'm not sure what I want to do when I grow up, or if I'm sure I ever want to grow up. I'm sure there are people that wish I would, but you know, my mom will get over it.;Jerry Doyle;mom
My mom had to beg the guys to let me play. I couldn't even play the drums right - Brian had to show me.;Dennis Wilson;mom
It's quite hard to have your mom as a teacher - it's like, she's not necessarily a 'real teacher' for me. But she'd always teach me to really hear the music, and develop my ear, and to try and hear the harmonics of the piano.;Birdy;mom
My mom's a concert pianist, so she started teaching me when I was around seven. When I was eight, I started writing my own songs, and kinda started putting piano and singing together. But I'm trained classically, which is a big influence on me, I think.;Birdy;mom
We're definitely a hodgepodge of influences. Mine, most heavily, would be Southern rock - the Allman Brothers, Lynyrd Skynyrd and stuff like that. Hillary is more from the country side - her mom is Linda Davis, a country singer. Dave, he's a big fan of the Eagles and like that.;Charles Kelley;mom
My mom was the picture of the blue-collar mom: Two and three and four jobs to make sure that me and my sister never needed, that was her thing.;Ne-Yo;mom
For the first few years of my life my mom used to cut my hair so there were a lot of bowl-cut hair styles.;Ne-Yo;mom
I probably wouldn't be singing if not for Michael Jackson. When I started singing, I didn't like my tone until my mom put me on to Michael Jackson and Stevie Wonder, so listening to the way they used their instrument helped me get more comfortable with my own.;Ne-Yo;mom
I was serious about ballet for a long time, but my mom got me into tap and jazz and modern and hip-hop, and I was one of those over-lessoned children.;Greta Gerwig;mom
My earliest acting memory is making up a play for my mom and dad called The Lonesome Baby. I have no idea what The Lonesome Baby was about. I just remember the title. But I'm sure it was an epic.;Jane Horrocks;mom
I think if I could be any superhero, it'd probably be my mom... but I don't think I'd look too good in high heels, so it's not gonna happen.;Jason Behr;mom
I am very proud of my mom and consider her the most courageous woman I know. With perseverance, sacrifice and hard work, she raised a family of Olympic athletes and gave us the tools and the spirit to succeed. That is something that my brothers and I will always be thankful for.;Diana Lopez;mom
My mom's collard greens. No one else in the world can make them like hers. I'm not just saying that because she's my mom. She's got some Mississippi secret. I could seriously eat them every day.;Santigold;mom
It's the best thing ever - I love being a mom. This is my only child. My career was a priority earlier in my life, but now my son is definitely the priority.;Stephanie Mills;mom
I love every second of being a mom.;Lily Aldridge;mom
When I can 10 or 11, my mom was the one out there catching passes for me. She was my prime receiver.;Joe Theismann;mom
My mom was very strict when I was growing up. I could not talk to boys until I was 18. I had to study and work hard.;Coco Lee;mom
I'm not a businessperson. I have no sense of money. My mom does everything for me. She makes all my decisions for me, and even buys my clothes. She's very protective.;Coco Lee;mom
I'm a mom, a full-time mom when I'm not taping. I do the carpool thing, and bake the cookies, and do the homework.;Vanna White;mom
It would be great to do another television show that was a multi-camera because the hours are so wonderful and you can be a good mom at the same time. The problem is, there aren't a lot of multi-camera shows that I personally like. My aesthetic is more geared toward single-camera shows.;Kaitlin Olson;mom
My mom, Emilie, always taught me to think hard about marriage.;Alyson Hannigan;mom
My mom was a photographer and whenever they needed a baby for a modelling job, she'd stick me in front of the camera. That's how it started.;Alyson Hannigan;mom
I love Westerns and I remember as a kid climbing up on the couch and make it into a saddle and shoot guns and fall off. I would lay there after my death and my mom would tell me to eat lunch and I'd say, 'I'm still dead, Mom!' I was Method, even then.;Creed Bratton;mom
When I was a child it was very clear what I was allowed to see and what I was not allowed to see and there was no discussion or option or negotiation. Whatever my mom said, that's what went down.;Yul Vazquez;mom
My mom put me in dance classes when I was 5 years old.;Danny Pudi;mom
When I see my mom in the stands, it always pushes me to succeed.;Ashton Eaton;mom
I think it would be a lot easier if I said, 'I feel like a dude,' but I was raised by a southern mom, so I know how to put on lipstick and walk in heels and rock that look. It's exactly that juxtaposition that confuses people.;Saskia de Brauw;mom
My mom and dad are both in stand-up comedy, so that's where I started, that's where I got everything. My roots are holding the mic.;Pauly Shore;mom
My mom is two people to me. She's my mom number one, and then she's this lady most comedians know as being a legendary owner of a nightclub that's responsible for starting a lot of heavy careers.;Pauly Shore;mom
When I was six years old my friend was auditioning for 'Annie,' and I decided I wanted to audition with her. My mom was worried I would fall flat on my face because I'd never opened my mouth to sing, so she sent me to vocal lessons. I did the audition and fell in love with the entire process of a show.;Jacqueline Emerson;mom
I think of myself as a fairly attractive girl and always have, thanks to my mom. I was brought into this world thinking I was gorgeous because my mother was extremely devoted to this notion.;Amy Schumer;mom
I remember my mom had a big collection of copies of Saturday Evening Post magazines, and that was really my introduction to those great illustrators.;Thomas Kincade;mom
I know this is kind of corny, but we thought about renewing our vows again because I think my mom would really love it if we did that in Arkansas, where I came from.;Mary Steenburgen;mom
I've been an atheist since I was nine years old. And my mom is really religious, so we have a strange relationship. But if my mother was right, what would be the reason that the gods could let anything bad happen in the world?;Tarsem Singh;mom
My mom and I have always had issues.;Mindy McCready;mom
I'm a mom first.;Mindy McCready;mom
I'm not blaming my mom for my life because I am responsible for me, and nobody can change me or ruin me easier than I can.;Mindy McCready;mom
My dad is a lawyer and my mom is an artist. So growing up was exactly what it sounds like - strict household but a lot of creativity. They are so psyched that I get to make music for a living. My parents rule.;Ty Segall;mom
Well I was eight years old, and I have an older cousin who is three years older than me and she was doing acting, commercials, and modeling at the time and... to see my cousin doing that was really inspiring and I wanted to do it. So I went to my mom and I asked her if I could do it, and for the acting part of it, she made me study for a year.;Hailee Steinfeld;mom
I'm a just a mom when I walk down the street.;Alice Barrett;mom
Naturally, people are curious about how my real mom feels about me having a TV mom.;Rico Rodriguez;mom
I just started watching wrestling in 2008, and I've loved it ever since. I told my mom I wanted to become a wrestler.;Rico Rodriguez;mom
My mom taught me how to make grilled chicken, and I bake, too.;Rico Rodriguez;mom
For as long as I've been acting, I have been very lucky to be paired with really great actresses playing my mom.;Rico Rodriguez;mom
When I was going on auditions, it was nerve-racking. I'd always say to my mom that it would be awesome if I could get a series. When Modern Family came along, I said, 'You know what, Mom? I believe I'm going to get this role.';Rico Rodriguez;mom
For some students, school is the only place where they get a hot meal and a warm hug. Teachers are sometimes the only ones who tell our children they can go from an Indian reservation to the Ivy League, from the home of a struggling single mom to the White House.;Denise Juneau;mom
I always had an interest in fashion because my mom is a celebrity fashion stylist. I grew up being on set or in showrooms.;Jasmine Tookes;mom
My mom always taught me to be sweet and polite and cross my legs because it's what the guys like. Actually, they like a raunchy girl once in a while.;Tiffani Amber Thiessen;mom
My original inspiration was my mom: a few years after the death of my dad, she started dating one my teachers!;Meg Cabot;mom
If I go on dates, my mom is always with me. She's always there making sure I'm all right. Like if I go to see a movie with a boy, she'll go to dinner next door.;Ariel Winter;mom
An agent saw one of the plays I did at ACT, but my mom was like, No, she's too young. I became so annoying that a year and a half later she just couldn't stand hearing me any more!;Marla Sokoloff;mom
Cancer has been unfortunately in my life. My mom's best friend is kicking ass in her battle with breast cancer. Both of my grandmas had cancer. I recently lost a friend to cancer.;Marla Sokoloff;mom
I spend so much time with my parents. My mom and I were joined at the hip for five years. There was not one moment when I wasn't with her.;Kay Panabaker;mom
My mom still lives in Denver and some of my brothers are still in the area, so I still have strong ties there.;Terrell Davis;mom
When I'm in the gym, I'm in the gym, and that is my focus. But when I'm not in the gym, I'm enjoying being a mom and taking care of those responsibilities .. They really do provide me with the balance that I need to be a more complete athlete.;Melanie Roach;mom
I'm looking forward to being a mom and a wife and a business owner.;Melanie Roach;mom
I've been a pretty selfish mom and a very unselfish athlete for about three years now and it's time to put my family first. It's probably time to move on.;Melanie Roach;mom
My first big job was an Abercrombie &ampFitch campaign. But my mom wouldn't let me skip school for it, so I missed half of the shoot. When we got there, we realized Bruce Weber was the photographer we knew we had made a mistake!;Lauren Bush;mom
My mom and my stepdad are both therapists.;Jennifer Westfeldt;mom
My mom is a constant in my life in so many ways.;Kerri Walsh;mom
My mom was diagnosed with breast cancer when I was 13 and it was something we weren't really aware of as a family.;Rima Fakih;mom
My mom told me to do whatever I wanted to do and don't get too anxious about it.;David Giuntoli;mom
Sometimes when my mom finds a fun article and really wants me to read it, I will. But I prefer to just kind of focus on what I want to do and not really what other people are saying, because I don't want that to affect me too much.;Missy Franklin;mom
My mom and dad put my brother and sister through university and they were very keen for us to have an academic background just to give us a chance.;Rob James-Collier;mom
I had really great parents who always gave me lots of opportunity for choice, but I didn't always realize how rare that was for a girl for them to say, 'You can be a mom or have a career or do both or do something we haven't thought of yet.';Ally Condie;mom
You eat and sleep it all day long and play on the streets until mom calls you in. My story is no different than anybody else's.;Adam Oates;mom
When you become a mom you just learn how to function sleep deprived and you do get used to it. I came back to work when Finley was three months old and the first few months were rough. Then somehow you learn to exist on no sleep and now when he does upon occasion sleep through the night, which is like a full six hours, you're pretty sure he's suffocating. So you don't sleep anyway.;Holly Marie Combs;mom
I think there's a danger of a being typecast as the all-American mom forever.;JoBeth Williams;mom
My Mom is a ballet director, so I had this idea in me that classical training is the best foundation for anything you do, so I wanted to get a classical background and voice.;Shuler Hensley;mom
Everyone in my family is an artist. Both my parents are painters and my mom's an opera singer. I was never shown any other way to process life.;Aleksa Palladino;mom
Losing my mom at such a young age had a profound effect on my life.;Molly Shannon;mom
I think I'm going to spend some time learning how to be a first-time mom, and then I'll go back to work.;Linda Cardellini;mom
My dad was Jewish. My mom is not. So I was not raised anything.;Matt Lauer;mom
Growing up I always shopped at Victoria's Secret with my mom and saw Angels like Gisele and Karolina Kurkova in the windows.;Lindsay Ellingson;mom
When I was young, I had two older sisters, and since I was the youngest in my family, my mom took me around with her all the time. I was forever with her when she was having coffee in the middle of the afternoon with her three sisters. And they would talk about men. I absorbed a lot of that.;Richard LaGravenese;mom
My earliest memory is seeing Michael Jackson in Melbourne with my sister when I was about ten. I still have this souvenir stick with a glove that would light up and make a peace sign in a bunch of different colors. I'm so happy my mom didn't throw that out.;Emilie de Ravin;mom
I was born to a Nigerian dad and a Kenyan mom, and coming to the States was really academic.;Dayo Okeniyi;mom
Oh, my mom. She's one of my biggest fans.;Patina Miller;mom
They very seldom let me lose my cool. They made me like I was Polly Perfect, which was ridiculous so that when I bump into kids on the street they'd say 'I wish my Mom were like you.';Charlotte Rae;mom
I usually travel with a lot of people, like my dad, mom and sisters.;Booboo Stewart;mom
I'm a '70s mom, and my daughter is a '90s mom. I know a lot of women my age who are real computer freaks.;Florence Henderson;mom
My mom was a professional fitness competitor, so I go into the gym with her. I train with my dad and mother. It's embarrassing, because she's really strong.;Booboo Stewart;mom
Part of the reason that I moved to Los Angeles is that even though my mom introduced me to all kinds of music, I really wanted to work on having my own identify, on being who I am and doing what I do, and seeing how people responded.;Schuyler Fisk;mom
I'm extremely blessed to have the extraordinary mother that I have, and I don't mean Diana Ross, I mean the mother. My mom paved a road that didn't exist, as did Oprah.;Tracee Ellis Ross;mom
My mom taught me to go after my dreams. I have this faith in myself that I must have gotten from her.;Amy Jo Johnson;mom
Because of my unique experience as my mom's child, the beginning of my journey was more about me trying to figure out who I was on my own. My mom is one of the greatest moms and so supportive of all my siblings and of all of us being who we are, and not who she wanted us to be.;Tracee Ellis Ross;mom
I've been acting my whole life. I have this huge imagination! I'm a dancer and my mom's a dance teacher, and I was always performing and entertaining people. I'd go to see live theatre or a movie, and I'd become the main character for a few days afterwards. I loved being somebody new for a temporary amount of time.;Natasha Calis;mom
So, from a very young age, my mom tells me that I wanted to be Michael J. Fox. I didn't want to be an actor. I just wanted to be Michael J. Fox for awhile. And then, I realized that he was an actor, so I pursued that.;Patrick J. Adams;mom
When I was seven, I asked my mom if I could be on TV, and she said if I really wanted to, I could. I got an agent and booked my first audition.;Natasha Calis;mom
My mom came from such humble beginnings and especially my dad as well. He didn't go to university.;Petra Ecclestone;mom
My mom moved up between Leland and Greenville when I was just a little tot.;Little Milton;mom
Well, Mom and Dad are both actors, and I've spent a lot of time watching my mom on stage and a lot of time on set with my dad, so it was very much a part of my growing up.;Eleanor Tomlinson;mom
