Success - keeping your mind awake and your desire asleep.;Walter Scott;success
Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success. A whole, clear, glorious life lies before you. Achieve! Achieve!;Andrew Carnegie;success
Our purpose in Vietnam is to prevent the success of aggression. It is not conquest, it is not empire, it is not foreign bases, it is not domination. It is, simply put, just to prevent the forceful conquest of South Vietnam by North Vietnam.;Lyndon B. Johnson;success
Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are your ready?';Johnny Carson;success
Like so many American families, our families weren't asking for much. They didn't begrudge anyone else's success or care that others had much more than they did... in fact, they admired it.;Michelle Obama;success
Success is the sum of small efforts - repeated day in and day out.;Robert Collier;success
Most success springs from an obstacle or failure. I became a cartoonist largely because I failed in my goal of becoming a successful executive.;Scott Adams;success
Success is getting and achieving what you want. Happiness is wanting and being content with what you get.;Bernard Meltzer;success
On receiving from the people the sacred trust twice confided on my illustrious predecessor, and which he has discharged so faithfully and so well, I know that I can not expect to perform the arduous task with equal ability and success.;Martin Van Buren;success
For an actress to be a success, she must have the face of Venus, the brains of a Minerva, the grace of Terpsichore, the memory of a Macaulay, the figure of Juno, and the hide of a rhinoceros.;Ella Wheeler Wilcox;success
The level of our success is limited only by our imagination and no act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted.;Aesop;success
I don't know what keeps me going. Sometimes I wonder... I think it's just pure perseverance and wanting to succeed and having that burning desire to always have success.;Tanya Tucker;success
Success should always be just beyond your grasp.;William Shatner;success
In the United States there's a Puritan ethic and a mythology of success. He who is successful is good. In Latin countries, in Catholic countries, a successful person is a sinner.;Umberto Eco;success
Success took me to her bosom like a maternal boa constrictor.;Noel Coward;success
Temporary success can be achieved in spite of lack of other fundamental qualities, but no advancements can be maintained without hard work.;William Feather;success
Honesty is the most single most important factor having a direct bearing on the final success of an individual, corporation, or product.;Ed McMahon;success
When success comes, people can try to trick you or take advantage of you.;Christina Aguilera;success
No man is a success in business unless he loves his work.;Florence Scovel Shinn;success
I was motivated by just thinking that if you had all this external success that everyone would love you and everything would be peaceful and wonderful.;Alanis Morissette;success
It's not just the 'Grammys' that I've pulled out of. I also pulled out of the English awards as well. The reason that I wanted to pull out was because I believe very much that the music industry as a whole is mainly concerned with material success.;Alanis Morissette;success
It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success.;Havelock Ellis;success
Success is a consequence and must not be a goal.;Gustave Flaubert;success
Personal relationships are the fertile soil from which all advancement, all success, all achievement in real life grows.;Ben Stein;success
An actor's popularity is fleeting. His success has the life expectancy of a small boy who is about to look into a gas tank with a lighted match.;Fred Allen;success
Give me a couple of years, and I'll make that actress an overnight success.;Samuel Goldwyn;success
I'll tell you, there is nothing better in life than being a late bloomer. I believe that success can happen at any time and at any age.;Salma Hayek;success
You've achieved success in your field when you don't know whether what you're doing is work or play.;Warren Beatty;success
Success is survival.;Leonard Cohen;success
The appreciative smile, the chuckle, the soundless mirth, so important to the success of comedy, cannot be understood unless one sits among the audience and feels the warmth created by the quality of laughter that the audience takes home with it.;James Thurber;success
Your success depends mainly upon what you think of yourself and whether you believe in yourself.;William J. H. Boetcker;success
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.;Bruce Feirstein;success
After a lifetime of working, raising families, and contributing to the success of this nation in countless other ways, senior citizens deserve to retire with dignity.;Charlie Gonzalez;success
There is much to be said for failure. It is much more interesting than success.;Max Beerbohm;success
To get down to the quick of it, respect motivates me - not success.;Hugh Jackman;success
Success is sweet and sweeter if long delayed and gotten through many struggles and defeats.;Amos Bronson Alcott;success
I believe in luck: how else can you explain the success of those you dislike?;Jean Cocteau;success
The will to persevere is often the difference between failure and success.;David Sarnoff;success
The most successful men in the end are those whose success is the result of steady accretion.;Alexander Graham Bell;success
Failure is simply the non-presence of success. But a fiasco is a disaster of mythic proportions.;Orlando Bloom;success
Let us realize that: the privilege to work is a gift, the power to work is a blessing, the love of work is success!;David O. McKay;success
I've stopped apologizing to myself for having this great period of success and financial acceptance.;Robert Plant;success
People fall forward to success.;Mary Kay Ash;success
Within the U.S., the Obama presidency will be mainly measured by the success or failure of his economic policies. And here, I fear, the monstrous stimulus package with which this administration stumbled out of the gate will prove to be Obama's Waterloo.;Camille Paglia;success
I define success as being comfortable with yourself and your life. And that is about as good as it gets, really.;Treat Williams;success
The person interested in success has to learn to view failure as a healthy, inevitable part of the process of getting to the top.;Joyce Brothers;success
Think little goals and expect little achievements. Think big goals and win big success.;David Joseph Schwartz;success
Why be a man when you can be a success?;Bertolt Brecht;success
I have no time for those who say there is no way Scotland could go it alone. I know first-hand the contribution Scotland and Scots make to Britain's success - so for me there's no question about whether Scotland could be an independent nation.;David Cameron;success
Hopefully I'll continue to have the success I've had.;Tiger Woods;success
The thing you don't dream about as a kid is all the peripheral stuff that comes with success.;Tiger Woods;success
The reward of art is not fame or success but intoxication: that is why so many bad artists are unable to give it up.;Jean Cocteau;success
Providence has nothing good or high in store for one who does not resolutely aim at something high or good. A purpose is the eternal condition of success.;Thornton Wilder;success
We are a people that have always celebrated other people's success so long as we always had the opportunity to meet that success ourselves. That is the American nature. That is the American character. That is one of the things that makes us different from the rest of the world. And I'm afraid we could lose that or are on the verge of losing that.;Marco Rubio;success
If you want to be truly successful invest in yourself to get the knowledge you need to find your unique factor. When you find it and focus on it and persevere your success will blossom.;Sydney Madwed;success
I hate to be a failure. I hate and regret the failure of my marriages. I would gladly give all my millions for just one lasting marital success.;J. Paul Getty;success
The prospect of success in achieving our most cherished dream is not without its terrors. Who is more deprived and alone than the man who has achieved his dream?;Brendan Francis;success
If God has made the world a perfect mechanism, He has at least conceded so much to our imperfect intellect that in order to predict little parts of it, we need not solve innumerable differential equations, but can use dice with fair success.;Max Born;success
I'm an eternal realist and the success rate for being an actor is pretty low.;Tom Hiddleston;success
Success has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself. It's what you do for others.;Danny Thomas;success
For someone who's had the level of success I've had, there's been very little critical review of my work, which is pretty fascinating.;Billy Corgan;success
Rock and Roll is still asking people like me to live up to the old guard's concept of what success is but it doesn't mean anything.;Billy Corgan;success
There could be no honor in a sure success, but much might be wrested from a sure defeat.;Ann Landers;success
It was so draining. Going to parties to rub elbows with so-and-so and act like it's no big deal, when really all I was doing was hoping I'd have the success they had.;Katy Perry;success
I'm either going to go completely mental, completely bankrupt, or have the best success of my life.;Katy Perry;success
One fails forward toward success.;Charles Kettering;success
We're not uncomfortable with it, and we've already been through enough of the music business where I'm not really worried that commercial success is going to in some way - we're already past saving, you know what I mean? It's too late for us.;Jerry Garcia;success
Success represents the 1% of your work which results from the 99% that is called failure.;Soichiro Honda;success
The worst part of success is to try finding someone who is happy for you.;Bette Midler;success
The making of friends who are real friends, is the best token we have of a man's success in life.;Edward Everett Hale;success
Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future.;Dale Turner;success
Permanent success cannot be achieved except by incessant intellectual labour, always inspired by the ideal.;Sarah Bernhardt;success
I worked half my life to be an overnight success, and still it took me by surprise.;Jessica Savitch;success
The danger of success is that it makes us forget the world's dreadful injustice.;Jules Renard;success
For a good 10 to 12 years, I was working non-stop and I wasn't really enjoying my success.;Shania Twain;success
I think all those people I did stories about measured their own success by the joy their work was giving them.;Charles Kuralt;success
The media says that equality for women has arrived, but if you look around, you still don't see girls playing guitars and having success with it.;Joan Jett;success
The keys to brand success are self-definition, transparency, authenticity and accountability.;Simon Mainwaring;success
Refuse to accept the belief that your professional relevance, career success or financial security turns on the next update on the latest technology. Sometimes it's good to put the paddle down and just let the canoe glide.;Simon Mainwaring;success
The secret of success is to be in harmony with existence, to be always calm to let each wave of life wash us a little farther up the shore.;Cyril Connolly;success
Indeed I regard the enduring support which I have received over the years from all sections of the community in Ballymena as being more than sufficient recognition for any success which I may have achieved as an actor.;Liam Neeson;success
No one is guaranteed happiness. You can pursue it, but if you happen to find success along the way on that road to happiness, Conservatives believe you should not be demonized or penalized for it.;Glenn Beck;success
Success is never final, but failure can be.;Bill Parcells;success
I am highly offended by the total lack of acknowledgement of my contribution to Laker success.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;success
If not for the success that medicine has made, I might be part of a much different story right now.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;success
Democrats believe in reigniting the American dream by removing barriers to success and building ladders of opportunity for all, so everyone can succeed.;Nancy Pelosi;success
People are beginning to see that the first requisite to success in life is to be a good animal.;Herbert Spencer;success
Success is achieved by developing our strengths, not by eliminating our weaknesses.;Marilyn vos Savant;success
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure - which is: Try to please everybody.;Herbert Bayard Swope;success
Hope... is the companion of power, and the mother of success for who so hopes has within him the gift of miracles.;Samuel Smiles;success
When a small child, I thought that success spelled happiness. I was wrong, happiness is like a butterfly which appears and delights us for one brief moment, but soon flits away.;Anna Pavlova;success
Success makes men rigid and they tend to exalt stability over all the other virtues tired of the effort of willing they become fanatics about conservatism.;Walter Lippmann;success
Failure is a part of success.;Hank Aaron;success
Sometimes people take it for granted that they had success, especially nowadays when you have instant stardom. A lot of people feel entitlement and nobody is entitled to anything.;Donny Osmond;success
America's wealth comes from the efforts of people striving for success. Take away their incentive with badmouthing success and you take away the wealth that helps us take care of the needy.;Thomas Peterffy;success
You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money, compliments, or publicity.;Thomas Wolfe;success
It's ironic that at age 32, at probably the greatest moment of my career, with The Godfather having such an enormous success, I wasn't even aware of it, because I was somewhere else under the deadline again.;Francis Ford Coppola;success
Success is usually the culmination of controlling failure.;Sylvester Stallone;success
Success is just being happy. And I try so many different things. I do a lot of different things. Because I think God has helped me to love myself. I know who God is, and I love God.;Herschel Walker;success
