I try to help people realize their dreams by using magic to tell stories that educate, move, and inspire.;David Copperfield;dreams
What differentiates us from animals is the fact that we can listen to other people's dreams, fears, joys, sorrows, desires and defeats - and they in turn can listen to ours.;Henning Mankell;dreams
Most 'reality' shows aren't reality at all. They're game shows with no prize. Like 'Rock of Love.' His aren't genuine feelings. Then again, Bob Barker didn't really care whether or not you won the toaster. Sorry to shatter everyone's dreams.;Hal Sparks;dreams
Whoever I can go out every week and motivate to do better and to try to go after their dreams, I'm up for that.;Robert Griffin III;dreams
The work of an advertising agency is warmly and immediately human. It deals with human needs, wants, dreams and hopes. Its 'product' cannot be turned out on an assembly line.;Leo Burnett;dreams
I think people tend to see the bigger point, which is maybe not fitting in and feeling like you didn't have the childhood that you expected you would have, or that you felt lonely or struggled with drugs and alcohol or just that you were able to achieve your dreams.;Augusten Burroughs;dreams
When I was a kid, I wanted to be serious, like Daniel Day-Lewis. No one really dreams of being a comic actor, do they? Now I realise how stupid that is - and it's because comic acting isn't taken seriously enough. It's a discipline. You know instantly - either you're funny and getting the laughs, or you're not.;Chris O'Dowd;dreams
Too many athletes are living in a tiny window. They have no vision for themselves - what they can be outside of football and what they can mean to a community. They just don't know any better. My hopes and dreams are unlimited.;Junior Seau;dreams
The human imagination... has great difficulty in living strictly within the confines of a materialist practice or philosophy. It dreams, like a dog in its basket, of hares in the open.;John Berger;dreams
I have absurdly vivid dreams.;Erin Morgenstern;dreams
I mean, every child at one stage dreams of being a prince or a princess.;Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark;dreams
I don't understand people who dream in black and white. I just don't get it. My dreams have always been vivid color.;Gary Ross;dreams
We have lost that which has made us great over the generations, and that is the sense of individual and personal responsibility that we can come up, we can pursue our dreams and our aspirations and we won't be blocked by government regulation, by the inability to get a loan as a small business to make our dreams come true.;Jon Huntsman, Jr.;dreams
Dreams seem to have a will of their own.;Henry Reed;dreams
I published in 1978 a report on dreams in the Journal of Clinical Psychology. It was the first study of its kind to demonstrate that it is possible for people to make constructive use of their dreams to improve their lives.;Henry Reed;dreams
I think everyone dreams of that nice romantic wedding.;Lance Bass;dreams
I was not born in a home where there were stereotypes. So that was very useful because it gave me the sense of possibilities, of flying, if I may say, of making my hopes and dreams a reality.;Michelle Bachelet;dreams
I've never dreamed of a story idea. I have such boring dreams.;R. L. Stine;dreams
Our dreams are made of real things, like a shoebox full of photographs.;Jack Johnson;dreams
I have a notebook that is filled to the brim with my dreams and ideas and goals and aspirations.;Karlie Kloss;dreams
My dreams came true while wearing the opening look from the spring/summer 2010 Dior ready-to-wear collection. I will never forget how special I felt opening John Galliano's show, like I was living a dream.;Karlie Kloss;dreams
Sometimes your dreams come true.;Frank Bruno;dreams
Catcher in the Rye had a profound impact on me-the idea that we all have lots of dreams that are slowly being chipped away as we grow up.;Judd Nelson;dreams
Though I know he loves me, tonight my heart is sad his kiss was not so wonderful as all the dreams I had.;Sara Teasdale;dreams
I am very lucky because I am realizing my childhood dreams, and after presenting my shows it's like a party.;Jean Paul Gaultier;dreams
That disturbs people when they know they didn't have the guts or integrity to stick to their dreams.;Sandra Bernhard;dreams
My heroes, my dreams, and my future lay in Yankee Stadium. And they can't take that away from me.;Derek Jeter;dreams
Every year for New Years I write down all of my goals and dreams and put them in my Bible. At the end of the year I go and pull the paper out and check this off and check that off.;NeNe Leakes;dreams
I only remember the end of my dreams, like waking up at a steering wheel, or falling.;Ben Barnes;dreams
Talking about food is like talking about your dreams. Everyone has something to say. We all have to eat, it's just what we eat which differs. Some people eat for fuel and I feel bad for them.;Gael Garcia Bernal;dreams
I tell people, 'It's just like a cliche, but it's true: In Hollywood, dreams can come true.';Michael Clarke Duncan;dreams
I married the man of my dreams in 1998.;Cindy Margolis;dreams
But we can hold our spirits and our bodies so pure and high, we may cherish such thoughts and such ideals, and dream such dreams of lofty purpose, that we can determine and know what manner of men we will be, whenever and wherever the hour strikes and calls to noble action.;Joshua Chamberlain;dreams
I part of this great nation because my grandfather was born here, in Cincinnati, Ohio. He took a horse, back in 1895, and ride it all the way down to Guanajuato, looking for his American dream. No penny in his pocket, only dreams in his head. And he was an immigrant coming from the States into Mexico. And he found his American dream in Mexico.;Vicente Fox;dreams
We need to be aware of what we are capable of first and realize that if you place your dreams really really high, you do have the potential to get to that level.;Vicente Fox;dreams
Sports nurtures dreams of achieving self confidence and masculine striving for the skinny kid watching a boxer dance around the ring with sublime ease.;Armstrong Williams;dreams
People's real hopes and dreams can be distorted and misdirected and packaged until you're not sure what you really want or what you even really need.;Tracy Chapman;dreams
When I began to choreograph and find my way pulling other artists' dreams out and changing music in a visual way, there was still a part of me that had something more to say. There was still a desire to rock a stage and ultimately perform the eight count of my dream, but there was a lot of insecurity there.;Laurieann Gibson;dreams
My work is to reach people with ideas, hopes, dreams, encouragement, insight, and revelation. That's what an actor wants to do.;John Astin;dreams
Vision gets the dreams started. Dreaming employs your God-given imagination to reinforce the vision. Both are part of something I believe is absolutely necessary to building the life of a champion, a winner, a person of high character who is consistently at the top of whatever game he or she is in.;Emmitt Smith;dreams
It's not only imagination, it's the distortion of the vision. You suddenly think, This person is idealistic, this person is strong, this person has dreams, when you know better most of the time. You put what you want to see on people.;Olivier Martinez;dreams
I couldn't help but to think back to my classmates at Thomas Jefferson High School in San Antonio. They had the same talent, the same brains, the same dreams as the folks we sat with at Stanford and Harvard. I realized the difference wasn't one of intelligence or drive. The difference was opportunity.;Julian Castro;dreams
To me, what I love about the draft is first, you see the young men who are realizing their dreams that they've worked so hard for. That's a pretty cool thing. You saw the emotion from some of these guys the other day. And then, the second thing is this total sense of hope and optimism. And, I think that's great for everybody.;Roger Goodell;dreams
My wife is beginning to instruct me on means to retrieve dreams, and bit by bit, it does seem to be working.;Theodore Sturgeon;dreams
It was a lovely opportunity for the first time in my whole career to stand up and thank people who are really responsible for me getting to realize my dreams.;Rachel Griffiths;dreams
Men are the dreams of a shadow.;Pindar;dreams
When I was in high school, I don't know that I really had big dreams.;Alan Jackson;dreams
I was a great dreamer of day dreams.;Abraham Cahan;dreams
The great function of poetry is to give back to us the situations of our dreams.;Gaston Bachelard;dreams
A fulfilling life is different to each person. You have to acknowledge your dreams, and not just wait for life to happen, and opportunities to come knocking at your door.;Joan Lunden;dreams
It never occurred to me that I'd be on a television show or in feature films but when those came into play my dreams changed along the way.;Camryn Manheim;dreams
I don't dream songs. I'm more apt to write dreams down and then to be able to interpret them into a song. I also tend to get up and write prose in the morning from which will come songs.;Judy Collins;dreams
I had some wonderful dreaming meetings. I can't tell you specifically what they've been in the recent months. In the past they've been verbal kinds of messages that he needed to give me. Now they're more dreams of his presence.;Judy Collins;dreams
No, I never had any dreams. The process of art is a dream in itself. The artist just doesn't... you work out something. It's yours. You don't have to go to sleep to do that. You do that on the canvas.;LeRoy Neiman;dreams
I heard my name associated with the Peter Pan syndrome more than once. But really, what's so wrong with Peter Pan? Peter Pan flies. He is a metaphor for dreams and faith.;Mark Burnett;dreams
I wasn't prepared to get a mammogram until I was 40 years old, like I'd been told. I never in my wildest dreams expected anything to be wrong.;Giuliana Rancic;dreams
I can't sing but I can understand wanting to keep a balance, trying to pursue dreams, while creating a stable environment for my children.;Gabrielle Reece;dreams
All the characters in my books are imagined, but all have a bit of who I am in them - much like the characters in your dreams are all formed by who you are.;Alice Hoffman;dreams
I feel more influenced in my own work by dreams than I do by other writers' works in a way. Or by popular culture, movies - what else is there to write about than love and loss?;Alice Hoffman;dreams
It's like one of those dreams you have when someone is chasing you. You're running as fast as you can, and someone's trotting behind you, just out of range, trying to grab onto you.;Michael Chang;dreams
Dreams really tell you about yourself more than anything else in this world could ever tell you.;Sylvia Browne;dreams
Everyone dreams, but not everybody remembers their dreams because some people go into delta they go too low.;Sylvia Browne;dreams
I always knew that we were going to be successful and accomplish and succeed at our dreams. There was never a doubt in my mind. When we were recording 'Appetite For Destruction,' we all knew.;Steven Adler;dreams
Your mind, while blessed with permanent memory, is cursed with lousy recall. Written goals provide clarity. By documenting your dreams, you must think about the process of achieving them.;Gary Ryan Blair;dreams
I've accomplished a lot, but I still have more dreams that I want to achieve.;Joe Jonas;dreams
A lot of people put pressure on themselves and think it will be way too hard for them to live out their dreams. Mentors are there to say, 'Look, it's not that tough. It's not as hard as you think. Here are some guidelines and things I have gone through to get to where I am in my career.';Joe Jonas;dreams
I actually build my dreams around the dancers I've got in my company.;Graeme Murphy;dreams
No movie influenced me more to go after my dreams than 'Flashdance.' After seeing it, I took 15 dance lessons a week. I cut all my sweatshirts. I did the 'Maniac' thing.;Elizabeth Berkley;dreams
My mother was really my partner in every project that I had. She was just the great enabler of my dreams.;Diane Keaton;dreams
To all the kids out there: Follow your dream. Believe in your dream. Because dreams do come true.;Rickey Henderson;dreams
What's interesting is, for myself, when I become really attracted to somebody, I find them in my dreams... conversations, nothing more.;Alice Englert;dreams
You only get one album. You only get one single. You get one shot in music. But I have a million different dreams. Why can't I go out and try to achieve them all? Who are you to say I can't?;Lucy Hale;dreams
I believe dreams represent the purest form of fantasy we unleash through our subconscious. They represent the truest freedom we can experience. Totally unrepressed and totally creative.;Miguel Jontel Pimentel;dreams
To provoke dreams of terror in the slumber of prosperity has become the moral duty of literature.;Ernst Fischer;dreams
I'm sure I have a process, but it mostly takes place in my dreams.;William H. Macy;dreams
I think I am done with Wikipedia for the time being. But I have a secret hope. Someone recently proposed a Wikimorgue - a bin of broken dreams where all rejects could still be read, as long as they weren't libelous or otherwise illegal.;Nicholson Baker;dreams
You have to be vigorous. That's the only way you are going to get it because everybody has dreams and everybody has goals, but the only people who achieve them are the ones that go after it and don't take no for an answer.;Nick Cannon;dreams
I think dreams can come true, but not necessarily like fairy-tales. It's not always so perfect like that.;Patrick Dempsey;dreams
The worst thing you can do to a kid is tell them that their dreams are invalid.;Juliette Lewis;dreams
As a kid, this is what I wanted my life to be. Not in my wildest dreams did I ever dare to dream that it would be this.;Smokey Robinson;dreams
I began my career with infantile dreams of becoming a composer.;Ivor Novello;dreams
'The Cut' is going to give someone the opportunity of a lifetime and help that person achieve his or her dreams.;Tommy Hilfiger;dreams
I came at age in the '60s, and initially my hopes and dreams were invested in politics and the movements of the time - the anti-war movement, the civil rights movement. I worked on Bobby Kennedy's campaign for president as a teenager in California and the night he was killed.;David Talbot;dreams
Happiness is making your dreams come true.;Jourdan Dunn;dreams
I want to keep my dreams, even bad ones, because without them, I might have nothing all night long.;Joseph Heller;dreams
I am a child of Hollywood and dreams. To me, to be on the red carpet is the best place in the world.;Steven Cojocaru;dreams
The old studios that mass-produced dreams are gone with the wind, just like the old downtown theaters that were the temples of the dreams.;Suzanne Fields;dreams
This city can be kind of brutal, so you see your dreams from every different angle, but ultimately it's about acting and if you enjoy acting, you will always enjoy acting.;Radha Mitchell;dreams
In my lifetime, I've discovered a great many incredibly talented individuals. Some have achieved stardom. Simultaneously, I've seen many dreams shattered, egos destroyed and lives changed forever. The end destination may well be fame and fortune, but the road to stardom is littered with broken hearts.;Nigel Lythgoe;dreams
Youth is in a grand flush, like the hot days of ending summer and pleasant dreams thrall your spirit, like the smoky atmosphere that bathes the landscape of an August day.;Donald G. Mitchell;dreams
Dreams are, by definition, cursed with short life spans.;Candice Bergen;dreams
If you want to achieve your dreams, you must follow them, and the best way to follow them is not to think about wanting to be very rich, but to think about doing something that you really want to do.;Jackie Collins;dreams
My dreams were at once more fantastic and agreeable than my writings.;Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley;dreams
In Dreams... well, I was slightly overcompensating with that. I was a bit like a director for hire, so maybe I was putting too much imagery that was familiar to me into it.;Neil Jordan;dreams
An Academy Award nomination is stuff dreams are made of.;Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy;dreams
Don't give up your dreams.;Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy;dreams
We grew up founding our dreams on the infinite promise of American advertising. I still believe that one can learn to play the piano by mail and that mud will give you a perfect complexion.;Zelda Fitzgerald;dreams
I never had any big dreams about doing something on a huge scale.;Alison Krauss;dreams
When I first left Iran at the age of 13, Iran had become such a shining star - it was the point to which all my desires and dreams returned.;Azar Nafisi;dreams
