War is over if you want it.;Yoko Ono;war
I'll keep us out of war with Oklahoma!;Kinky Friedman;war
After Nixon resigned in 1974, he engaged in a very aggressive war with history, attempting to wipe out the Watergate stain and memory. Happily, history won, largely because of Nixon's tapes.;Bob Woodward;war
A state of war is not a blank check... when it comes to the rights of the Nation's citizens.;Sandra Day O'Connor;war
We've got to keep an eye on the battle that we face - a war on workers. And you see it everywhere. It is the Tea Party. And there's only one way to beat and win that war - the one thing about working people is, we like a good fight.;James P. Hoffa;war
Force and fraud are in war the two cardinal virtues.;Thomas Hobbes;war
I'm a lad of the '60s. I started a magazine to try and end the Vietnam war, but it was a number of years before I had the profile, the financial resources and the time to do more.;Richard Branson;war
I was going to be a great woman novelist. Then the war came along and I think it's hard for young people today, don't you, to realize that when World War II happened we were dying to go and help our country.;Julia Child;war
Resist this war on God, freedom of religion and freedom of speech.;Benjamin Carson;war
Cursed be he above all others Who's enslaved by love of money. Money takes the place of brothers, Money takes the place of parents, Money brings us war and slaughter.;Anacreon;war
When I was in the war, I was lucky that I was in a plane and never saw the carnage close-up.;George McGovern;war
People didn't have the political guts to stand up against an American war.;George McGovern;war
I did frequently refer to my war record in World War II, but not in any flamboyant way.;George McGovern;war
I was the guy who was constantly speaking out against the Vietnam War. I have no regrets about that.;George McGovern;war
It is not patriotic to commit young Americans to war unless our national security clearly requires it.;George McGovern;war
I thought the Vietnam war was an utter, unmitigated disaster, so it was very hard for me to say anything good about it.;George McGovern;war
There is a strong tendency in the United States to rally round the flag and their troops, no matter how mistaken the war.;George McGovern;war
It's a tough thing, to know what to do about a war that deep in your gut you feel is wrong and yet watch your peers going off to fight in that war.;George McGovern;war
Peace is not the absence of war, but a virtue based on strength of character.;Baruch Spinoza;war
Part of what I loved - and love - about being around older people is the tangible sense of history they embody. I'm interested in military history, for instance, because both my grandfathers fought in World War II. I'm interested in writing because one of those grandfathers wrote books.;Jon Meacham;war
Here is a pretty good rule of thumb for Democratic Presidents: if it didn't work for Franklin D. Roosevelt, who won four terms and a World War, it probably won't work for you either.;Jon Meacham;war
World War II ended the Great Depression with one of the great public-private industrial collaborations in the history of man.;Jon Meacham;war
The fact is that America has been at her most prosperous when government and the private sector have been not at war, but in a wary, if often underplayed, alliance. History is unmistakable on this point.;Jon Meacham;war
Since there will be no one left to talk peace after the next war, it makes good sense to break with tradition and hold the peace conference first.;William Glasser;war
If we have an honest discussion on whether the war on poverty should be fought with welfare or with economic growth in the private sector, Democrats will lose black votes.;Alveda King;war
In April 1991, after the Gulf war, Iraq was given 15 days to provide a full and final declaration of all its WMD.;Tony Blair;war
The threat today is not that of the 1930s. It's not big powers going to war with each other. The ravages which fundamentalist political ideology inflicted on the 20th century are memories. The Cold war is over. Europe is at peace, if not always diplomatically.;Tony Blair;war
Killing Japanese didn't bother me very much at that time... I suppose if I had lost the war, I would have been tried as a war criminal.;Curtis LeMay;war
With acting, you wanna see if you can get into trouble without knowing how you're gonna get out of it. It's like the exact opposite of war, where you need an exit strategy. When you're acting, you should get all the way into trouble with no exit strategy, and have the cameras rolling.;John Cusack;war
I remember the '80s being about the Cold War and Reagan and the homeless problem and AIDS. To me, it was kind of a dark, depressing time.;John Cusack;war
Sports is like a war without the killing.;Ted Turner;war
As a soldier, I survived World War I when most of my comrades did not.;Lester B. Pearson;war
The things that inform student culture are created and controlled by the unseen culture, the sociological aspects of our climbing culture, our 'me' generation, our yuppie culture, our SUVs, or, you know, shopping culture, our war culture.;Gus Van Sant;war
The thing about Hemingway that people forget is that all the stuff he did was at a time where people weren't traveling that much. At 19 he travels to Italy. He goes to the Spanish Civil War. He goes to China, he goes to Africa so at that time to travel that much is really incredible.;Clive Owen;war
9/11 was a deliberate, carefully planned evil act of the long-waged war on the West by Koran-inspired soldiers of Allah around the world. They hated us before George W. Bush was in office. They hated us before Israel existed. And the avengers of the religion of perpetual outrage will keep hating us.;Michelle Malkin;war
Henry Kissinger is the greatest living war criminal in the world today, with the blood of millions of people in Vietnam and Cambodia and Laos and Chile and East Timor on his hands. He will never appear in a court or be behind bars.;George Galloway;war
War is the province of danger.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
War is not an independent phenomenon, but the continuation of politics by different means.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
War is regarded as nothing but the continuation of state policy with other means.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
America's veterans and troops serving abroad today fought hard to preserve our red, white and blue, from the Revolutionary War to today's Global War Against Terrorism, and Congress' action today is appropriate for one of our most sacred symbols.;Bill Shuster;war
I can't go to war with paparazzi.;Daniel Craig;war
I would have voted 'no' on the Iraq war and 'yes' to Afghanistan.;Rand Paul;war
American credibility in the war on terrorism depends on a strong stand against all terrorist acts, whether committed by foe or friend.;Arlen Specter;war
If we had pursued what President Nixon declared in 1970 as the war on cancer, we would have cured many strains. I think Jack Kemp would be alive today. And that research has saved or prolonged many lives, including mine.;Arlen Specter;war
My father was an immigrant who literally walked across Europe to get out of Russia. He fought in World War I. He was wounded in action. My father was a great success even though he never had money. He was a very determined man, a great role model.;Arlen Specter;war
When people don't understand that the government doesn't have their interests in mind, they're more susceptible to go to war.;Howard Zinn;war
Before a war military science seems a real science, like astronomy but after a war it seems more like astrology.;Rebecca West;war
I'm a writer. I don't support any war. That's my principle.;Haruki Murakami;war
Ants are so much like human beings as to be an embarrassment. They farm fungi, raise aphids as livestock, launch armies into war, use chemical sprays to alarm and confuse enemies, capture slaves, engage in child labour, exchange information ceaselessly. They do everything but watch television.;Lewis Thomas;war
I can tell you this: If I'm ever in a position to call the shots, I'm not going to rush to send somebody else's kids into a war.;George H. W. Bush;war
One of the good things about the way the Gulf War ended in 1991 is, you'd see the Vietnam veterans marching with the Gulf War veterans.;George H. W. Bush;war
There aren't a lot of guys like me left. But I'm a war horse. I've been through it all. And you know something about war horses? Through the sleet, through the snow, they just keep going.;Joel Silver;war
There will always be a place for us somewhere, somehow, as long as we see to it that working people fight for everything they have, everything they hope to get, for dignity, equality, democracy, to oppose war and to bring to the world a better life.;Harry Bridges;war
President Kennedy was willing to go to war. He was not a coward. The man had been in war and so had Ken O'Donnell. He was ready to protect this nation, but he was not ready for a military solution just because it was being rammed down his throat.;Kevin Costner;war
When I was building the Vietnam Memorial, I never once asked the veterans what it was like in the war, because from my point of view, you don't pry into other people's business.;Maya Lin;war
My mother's sympathies were strongly with the Union. She knew that war was bound to come, but so confident was she in the strength of the Federal Government that she devoutly believed that the struggle could not last longer than six months at the utmost.;Buffalo Bill;war
Everybody has a job to do. There are people in Iraq on both sides of this war who do what they do for religious reasons, and they feel with God on their side. Some people are good at annihilating people. Maybe that's their gift.;Denzel Washington;war
As somebody who, in my second marriage, insisted on a prenuptial agreement, I can also testify that sometimes it is an act of love to chart the exit strategy before you enter the union, in order to make sure that not only you, but your partner as well, knows that there will be no World War III should hearts and minds, for any sad reason, change.;Elizabeth Gilbert;war
New terms used like, 'overseas contingency operation' instead of the word 'war' - that reflects a worldview that is out of touch with the enemy that we face. We can't spin our way out of this threat.;Sarah Palin;war
We can only move to a long-term resolution regarding terrorism and war by planting seeds of peace. We have to start with ourselves.;Peter Yarrow;war
Despite what the pundits want us to think, contested primaries aren't civil war, they are democracy at work, and that's beautiful.;Sarah Palin;war
War, famine, poverty and oppression of the workers will continue while woman makes life cheap. They will cease only when she limits her reproductivity and human life is no longer a thing to be wasted.;Margaret Sanger;war
The west has a great deal to answer for in the Middle East, from Britain's belated empire-building after the First World War to the US and British policy that condemns modern Iraq to the material and social squalor of a half-century ago.;James Buchan;war
Since the attack on the United States on September 11 2001, and the US retaliation in Afghanistan and Iraq, there must be few people who have not felt a twinge of nostalgia for the cold war.;James Buchan;war
Suicidal violence is not the exclusive property of the Muslim world. Suicide bombings were a tactic of nationalist struggles in 19th-century Europe and Russia, the far east during the second world war and the Vietnam war, and in modern Sri Lanka.;James Buchan;war
Rather than turning away from the staggering scale and depth of misery caused by war, we must strive to develop our capacity to empathize and feel the sufferings of others.;Daisaku Ikeda;war
We are at war, and our security as a nation depends on winning that war.;Condoleezza Rice;war
Strategic thinkers were naturally rattled to find this outsider fooling around with their work. They had been thinking strategically when Reagan was just another movie actor playing opposite a chimpanzee, for heaven's sake. They think Reagan is too naive, too innocent, to grasp the intellectual complexities of cold war strategy.;Russell Baker;war
I was so opposed to the war in Vietnam that I initially refused President Nixon's urgings for me to go there.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;war
My youth passed at the time of the country's reconstruction from the ruins and ashes of the war in which my nation never bowed to the enemy paying the highest price in the struggle.;Lech Walesa;war
The politicians always told us that the Cold War stand-off could only change by way of nuclear war. None of them believed that such systemic change was possible.;Lech Walesa;war
Emancipation came to the colored race in America as a war measure. It was an act of military necessity. Manifestly it would have come without war, in the slower process of humanitarian reform and social enlightenment.;Wendell Willkie;war
This programme to stop nuclear by 2020 is just crazy. If there were a nuclear war, and humanity were wiped out, the Earth would breathe a sigh of relief.;James Lovelock;war
There is no morality in war. Morality is the privilege of those judging from the distance. War is only death and destruction.;John Cory;war
If it hadn't been for the Cold War, neither Russia nor America would have been sending people into space.;James Lovelock;war
War is the trade of Kings.;John Dryden;war
My mother was the first woman in the county in Indiana where we were born, in Jay County, to have a college degree. She was educated as a pianist and she wanted to concertize, but when the war came she was married, had a family, so she started teaching.;Twyla Tharp;war
I have a friend that is a WWII buff, and we sat and talked a lot about stuff like the war and the reasons behind it, and you now it's all in the uniform. Once you're in it, it usually does all the work for you.;Ryan Gosling;war
The Pentagon still has not given a name to the Iraqi war. Somehow 'Operation Re-elect Bush' doesn't seem to be popular.;Jay Leno;war
One to destroy, is murder by the law and gibbets keep the lifted hand in awe to murder thousands, takes a specious name, 'War's glorious art', and gives immortal fame.;Edward Young;war
Israel was born under the British mandate. We learned from the British what democracy means, and how it behaves in a time of danger, war and terror. We thank Britain for introducing freedom and respect of human rights both in normal and demanding circumstances.;Shimon Peres;war
It's a war of attrition. If you have patience and a modicum of faith in yourself your chances are not too bad.;Julie Bowen;war
The greatest crime since World War II has been U.S. foreign policy.;Ramsey Clark;war
I have no doubt that we will be successful in harnessing the sun's energy. If sunbeams were weapons of war, we would have had solar energy centuries ago.;George Porter;war
Loss of hope rather than loss of life is what decides the issues of war. But helplessness induces hopelessness.;B. H. Liddell Hart;war
Ideas are the great warriors of the world, and a war that has no idea behind it, is simply a brutality.;James A. Garfield;war
We never had planned to hijack a ship. We never thought of any war plans outside the Palestinian lands. We wished that the program had not failed and then the warriors could have achieved their goals.;Abu Abbas;war
War continues to divide people, to change them forever, and I write about it both because I want people to understand the absolute futility of war, the 'pity of war' as Wilfred Owen called it.;Michael Morpurgo;war
Everyone is interested in war, in that people don't want it to happen. I'm much more interested in peace than in war but it's important to understand why we fight.;Michael Morpurgo;war
I remember an article, I can't recall who by, it was after the fall of the Berlin Wall, which said that now the Wall was down, there could be no more class war. Only someone with money could ever say such a thing.;Claude Chabrol;war
When you go to war, both sides lose totally.;Yoko Ono;war
Criticism in a time of war is essential to the maintenance of any kind of democratic government.;Robert Taft;war
We didn't start this war - the right wing did. We're tired of seeing good-paying jobs shipped overseas. This fight is about the economy, it's about jobs and it's about rebuilding America.;James P. Hoffa;war
War consisteth not in battle only, or the act of fighting but in a tract of time, wherein the will to contend by battle is sufficiently known.;Thomas Hobbes;war
War is the supreme drama of a completely mechanized society.;Lewis Mumford;war
Conservatives saw the savagery of 9/11 in the attacks and prepared for war liberals saw the savagery of the 9/11 attacks and wanted to prepare indictments and offer therapy and understanding for our attackers.;Karl Rove;war
We women are constantly at war with our bodies, it is hard to find amnesty for ourselves.;Margaret Cho;war
Winston Churchill aroused this nation in heroic fashion to save civilisation in World War Two. We have everything we need except political will, but political will is a renewable resource.;Al Gore;war
Make no mistake, adolescence is a war. No one gets out unscathed.;Harlan Coben;war
