Of course, the simple explanation of the fact is that marriage is the most important act of man's life in Europe or America, and that everything depends upon it.;Lafcadio Hearn;marriage
French novels generally treat of the relations of women to the world and to lovers, after marriage consequently there is a great deal in French novels about adultery, about improper relations between the sexes, about many things which the English public would not allow.;Lafcadio Hearn;marriage
My marriage? Up to now everything's okay. But it's a real marriage - imperfect and very difficult. It's all about people evolving somewhat simultaneously through their lives. I think we've emotionally evolved.;Jamie Lee Curtis;marriage
My mother and stepfather were married 43 years, so I have watched a long marriage. I feel like I had a very good role model for that. And, you know, it's just a number.;Jamie Lee Curtis;marriage
I decided he'd changed so much that a whole new book was required and that book actually I can say so was the first to say that the marriage was in trouble and the Prince didn't like at all and my book was being serialized in the Sunday Times over five weeks.;Anthony Holden;marriage
My parents separated when I was four. It wasn't the smoothest of divorces, but then as my mother always says, 'You can't have a passionate marriage without a passionate divorce.';Sophie Ellis-Bextor;marriage
Marriage gives you a new respect for a person.;Katharine McPhee;marriage
Whether it be a matter of personal relations within a marriage or political initiatives within a peace process, there is no sure-fire do-it-yourself kit.;Seamus Heaney;marriage
Redefining marriage will have huge implications for what is taught in our schools, and for wider society. It will redefine society since the institution of marriage is one of the fundamental building blocks of society. The repercussions of enacting same-sex marriage into law will be immense.;Keith O'Brien;marriage
I think the institution of marriage is a great idea, but for me it's just an idea.;Lara Flynn Boyle;marriage
Marriage was all a woman's idea and for man's acceptance of the pretty yoke, it becomes us to be grateful.;Phyllis McGinley;marriage
I prepare myself for rehearsals like I would for marriage.;Maria Callas;marriage
What is marriage but prostitution to one man instead of many?;Angela Carter;marriage
My relationship with Dean was great, but ultimately it wasn't a fulfilling marriage for either of us.;LeAnn Rimes;marriage
My mother, brave woman, lost her whole family when she decided to marry a black man in the '60s. When the marriage fell apart, she had to come back to her family.;Lisa Bonet;marriage
I rise today in support of Bill C-38, the Civil Marriage Act. I rise in support of a Canada in which liberties are safeguarded, rights are protected and the people of this land are treated as equals under the law.;Paul Martin;marriage
Marriage made more sense when it was indissoluble. It's the woman trying to cope with the strains of a one-parent family who will suffer most from the relaxation of the divorce laws.;Germaine Greer;marriage
I never thought my marriage could be stronger, or I could be closer to Bill. We prayed on our own, but now we prayed together and you'll never know how much that means until you do it.;Giuliana Rancic;marriage
Marriage ain't easy, but it's great most of the time.;Sean Penn;marriage
To me, marriage is partly a religious thing and I'm not religious.;Alastair Campbell;marriage
I'm not eager to jump into marriage again. I'm in the corner right now, wearing my dunce cap. That area is obviously a nightmare.;Lisa Marie Presley;marriage
What is fascinating about marriage is why anyone wants to get married.;Alain de Botton;marriage
The great secret of a successful marriage is to treat all disasters as incidents and none of the incidents as disasters.;Harold Nicolson;marriage
I went nearly 30 years without being able to really seriously entertain marriage or a family. In fact, the word 'marriage' would actually give me a shake when it was brought up.;Nancy Grace;marriage
I think the institute of marriage is a noble thing. The idea of a partner for life is incredibly romantic. But now we're living to 100. A hundred years ago people were dying at age 37. Til death do us part was a much different deal.;Debra Messing;marriage
I never thought I'd spend all my life with Gary. I suppose I was quite cynical about marriage. But with Jude, I knew right from the beginning: there was an electricity I'd never felt before. It was so easy, we talked for hours. It was a relief, really.;Sadie Frost;marriage
I guess because the shows were activist in their own way - the marriage of my public activism and my career activism, you know - people understand me very well. They also understand there's a very strong bipartisan part in all of this.;Norman Lear;marriage
I honestly believe you can never tell if a relationship is going to last. In my own marriage, which is going on 14 years, I don't think of it as 'I'm going to be with this person forever.' Instead, I think of more like, 'I'll probably be with this person for the next six weeks. Then I'll re-evaluate.';Michael Ian Black;marriage
The Southern slave would obey God in respect to marriage, and also to the reading and studying of His word. But this, as we have seen, is forbidden him.;Gerrit Smith;marriage
I don't know why, but the older I get the more interested I get in my parents' marriage. And it's interesting to be married yourself, too, because there is an inevitable comparison.;Jhumpa Lahiri;marriage
My parents had an arranged marriage, as did so many other people when I was growing up. My father came and had a life in the United States one way and my mother had a different one, and I was very aware of those things. I continue to wonder about it, and I will continue to write about it.;Jhumpa Lahiri;marriage
I am fairly classless because it is very difficult to class someone who comes from a mixed marriage.;Sade Adu;marriage
There is a big misconception about arranged marriage. Yes, it can mean that you meet someone and then have to marry them, but this was my mother saying, 'I'm going to introduce you to so-and-so - If you don't like them, fair enough.';Archie Panjabi;marriage
Marriage is an institution and that's where a couple finish up.;Les Dawson;marriage
No person connected with me by blood or marriage will be appointed to office.;Rutherford B. Hayes;marriage
In a sacred ground like marriage, you find yourself out of it at certain times for reasons unknown that can be destructive. There could be a demon that kind of comes out and overtakes you.;David Boreanaz;marriage
I think that, as with marriage, you just know when it's time to have kids.;Ashley Judd;marriage
Marriage is about the most expensive way for the average man to get laundry done.;Burt Reynolds;marriage
American couples have gone to such lengths to avoid the interference of in-laws that they have to pay marriage counselors to interfere between them.;Florence King;marriage
The marriage of a man and woman is the most enduring human institution, honored in all cultures and by every religious faith. It's in this institution that children are meant to be nurtured. We know this after thousands of years of human experience.;Jeff Miller;marriage
Marriage is sacred and protected and has nothing to do with violating our civil rights.;Jack Kingston;marriage
If we change the definition of marriage to be more inclusive, then it is logical to argue that we should broaden the definition so that won't exclude anyone.;Jack Kingston;marriage
But whether a couple is a man and a woman has everything to do with the meaning of marriage.;Jack Kingston;marriage
Marriage encourages the men and women who together create life to unite in a bond for the protection of children.;Jack Kingston;marriage
Marriage cannot be severed from its cultural, religious and natural roots without weakening the good influence of society.;Jack Kingston;marriage
So far, 44 States, or 88 percent of the States, have enacted laws providing that marriage shall consist of a union between a man and a woman. Only 75 percent of the States are required to approve a constitutional amendment.;Jack Kingston;marriage
When I talk about the importance of the institution of marriage, I think of the commitment and the significance of standing in front of those closest to you and promising fidelity to your partner 'til death do you part.';Mark Udall;marriage
I support allowing gay couples to marry because of - not in spite of - my values. And many of those values are the same ones deeply held by those who do not believe in gay marriage.;Mark Udall;marriage
Marriage is a team effort. Both of us share that philosophy.;Nick Lachey;marriage
Sooner or later they are going to live in a New York City where gay marriage is not only legal, but it's common and they don't even notice.;Anthony Weiner;marriage
I've exchanged messages and photos of an explicit nature with about six women over the last three years. For the most part, these communications took place before my marriage, though some have sadly took place after. To be clear, I have never met any of these women or had physical relationships at any time.;Anthony Weiner;marriage
There was no religious ceremony connected with marriage among us, while on the other hand the relation between man and woman was regarded as in itself mysterious and holy.;Charles Eastman;marriage
If I felt, in the event of a royal wedding, inspired to write about people coming together in marriage or civil partnership, I would just be grateful to have an idea for the poem. And if I didn't, I'd ignore it.;Carol Ann Duffy;marriage
But I wanted marriage for myself. I was not calculating about it. I wish I was more calculating.;Linda McCartney;marriage
I wasn't looking for another marriage. I had been married before. He is a nice man - a geologist, an Ernest Hemingway type. But Paul and I married because of convention.;Linda McCartney;marriage
If it's not working before you get married, marriage isn't going to fix it.;Courtney Thorne Smith;marriage
I was a Christian. I didn't want to have sex before marriage, I was a bit uptight and not very self-confident. I was a virgin until I was 26.;Jimmy Carr;marriage
I think the Mother is gradually revealing itself to me and taking over. But it is not the Mother alone. It is the Mother and the Father, the male and the female, sort of gradually having their marriage.;Bede Griffiths;marriage
When a marriage culture fails, sexual desire no longer unites instead it fragments.;Maggie Gallagher;marriage
Same-sex marriage is not the future.;Maggie Gallagher;marriage
Europe, which gave us the idea of same-sex marriage, is a dying society, with birthrates 50 percent below replacement.;Maggie Gallagher;marriage
Since I've been in the U.S. I've lost the back of my heart, 15 ft. of intestine and my marriage - and God, I miss my intestine.;Nigel Lythgoe;marriage
Yes, the marriage proposal was shot. Michael excluded the dialogue from the final edit.;Madeleine Stowe;marriage
Marriage isn't a carnival ride.;Aisha Tyler;marriage
I was just so lucky to have a wonderful life after a tough marriage.;Lynn Johnston;marriage
Each marriage has to be judged separately, and we never know what's going on in another person's marriage.;Mary Wesley;marriage
My father was a soldier and my mother was a great mover. She once counted up how many places she had lived in during the first 25 years of her marriage and it came to 20.;Mary Wesley;marriage
We can't destroy the inequities between men and women until we destroy marriage.;Robin Morgan;marriage
Marriage is overdone. As long as there are people, people are going to find it interesting.;Augusten Burroughs;marriage
Do not miss your children's childhood. Do not be away 200 nights a year as I was. Do not put strains on your marriage or family.;Joe Scarborough;marriage
I definitely believe in marriage.;Michael Strahan;marriage
I think long-lasting, healthy relationships are more important than the idea of marriage. At the root of every successful marriage is a strong partnership.;Carson Daly;marriage
To seduce a woman famous for strict morals, religious fervor and the happiness of her marriage: what could possibly be more prestigious?;Christopher Hampton;marriage
It's only fair that stable gay relationships of long standing should have the same rights and responsibilities as married couples. I know the image of gay marriage is to some people horrific and ludicrous.;Ian Mckellen;marriage
It's nice to be able to work I'd love to be able to do another TV show I could do in Chicago so I could live and work in the same place. It's hard being a parent and being in a good marriage, and it all takes a lot of work, but if you're not there you can't do any of it.;Joan Cusack;marriage
I oppose any attempt to grant homosexual unions the same legal privileges that civil government affords to traditional marriage and family life.;Todd Akin;marriage
We need uniform protection of traditional marriage. You can't have different definitions on something as fundamental as marriage. The Marriage Protection Amendment is the only solution to this problem.;Ernest Istook;marriage
Out of control judicial activism threatens traditional marriage in America.;Ernest Istook;marriage
I have married thriteen couples. I'm about to do a marriage next month.;Sally Kirkland;marriage
I think it's best if there's an amendment that goes on the ballot where the people can weigh in. Every time this issue has gone on the ballot, the people have voted to retain the traditional definition of marriage as recently as California in 2008.;Michele Bachmann;marriage
I think you may see again a rise at the federal government level for a - a call for the federal constitutional amendment, because people want to make sure that this definition of marriage remains secure, because after all, the family is the fundamental unit of government.;Michele Bachmann;marriage
Their lives have been largely defined by failure and you would think the prospect of marriage, which is supposed to be bountiful and hopeful, it's just really another kind of tangential thing in his life.;Thomas Haden Church;marriage
Obama's position on marriage is brazenly cynical.;David Limbaugh;marriage
The biggest surprise about our marriage is that Erin was out there.;James Denton;marriage
I say I never wanna get married. I feel trapped with the idea of marriage. How can you really be with somebody forever? I'd get bored! As I get older, I don't settle. I'd rather tell somebody 'This is what I want - take it or leave it.';Amanda Bynes;marriage
To be honest, marriage doesn't scare me and that, it's just once you've been together for so long, if you haven't got any kids it's just a big expensive day out for everyone else to enjoy, isn't it?;Karl Pilkington;marriage
I'm not really interested in thinking about marriage or kids at all.;Stacy Keibler;marriage
Marriage takes work - it doesn't just happen.;Lara Stone;marriage
I've never quite understood why people marry marriage is just an invented structure.;Julie Christie;marriage
I think gay marriage should be the national law.;Rose McGowan;marriage
I would like it to be known that I have decided not to marry Group Capt. Peter Townsend. Mindful of the church's teaching that Christian marriage is indissoluble, and conscious of my duty to the Commonwealth, I have resolved to put these considerations before any others.;Princess Margaret;marriage
We all have a childhood dream that when there is love, everything goes like silk, but the reality is that marriage requires a lot of compromise.;Raquel Welch;marriage
A lot of people seem to want to make the institution of marriage substitute for a real relationship.;Susan Faludi;marriage
You never go into a marriage expecting to get divorced. You go into a marriage expecting it's going to last forever, and you have a lot of ways you dream about the future. You have all these expectations, and then you have to adjust those expectations, and it can be a very unnerving, confusing time.;Jenna Fischer;marriage
I don't know what makes a marriage work. My husband and I don't have it right at all it's very tough on him. From the outside it looks like it's all about me - I have a glorious career and he doesn't.;Emily Watson;marriage
After 14 years, it better be a real marriage, you know? We do have a great time together. We are really lucky.;Kyra Sedgwick;marriage
There are going to be peaks and valleys in everything - in your marriage, in your job, in your life. So just enjoy the peaks and ride out the valleys. Just try not to do anything too rash.;Ricky Schroder;marriage
Good production is like a beautiful marriage. It makes a happy home.;Timbaland;marriage
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the definition of a marriage as between one man and one woman.;Randy Neugebauer;marriage
