It is easy enough to be friendly to one's friends. But to befriend the one who regards himself as your enemy is the quintessence of true religion. The other is mere business.;Mahatma Gandhi;religion
Whether you call it Buddhism or another religion, self-discipline, that's important. Self-discipline with awareness of consequences.;Dalai Lama;religion
A religion that takes no account of practical affairs and does not help to solve them is no religion.;Mahatma Gandhi;religion
Conversion is not my intention. Changing religion is not easy. You may develop some kind of confusion or difficulties.;Dalai Lama;religion
It is in our lives and not our words that our religion must be read.;Thomas Jefferson;religion
A tyrant must put on the appearance of uncommon devotion to religion. Subjects are less apprehensive of illegal treatment from a ruler whom they consider god-fearing and pious. On the other hand, they do less easily move against him, believing that he has the gods on his side.;Aristotle;religion
Those who say religion has nothing to do with politics do not know what religion is.;Mahatma Gandhi;religion
Difference of opinion is advantageous in religion. The several sects perform the office of a Censor - over each other.;Thomas Jefferson;religion
Every religion is true one way or another. It is true when understood metaphorically. But when it gets stuck in its own metaphors, interpreting them as facts, then you are in trouble.;Joseph Campbell;religion
Gentleness, self-sacrifice and generosity are the exclusive possession of no one race or religion.;Mahatma Gandhi;religion
My religion is based on truth and non-violence. Truth is my God. Non-violence is the means of realising Him.;Mahatma Gandhi;religion
Music is my religion.;Jimi Hendrix;religion
Religion is more than life. Remember that his own religion is the truest to every man even if it stands low in the scales of philosophical comparison.;Mahatma Gandhi;religion
One's own religion is after all a matter between oneself and one's Maker and no one else's.;Mahatma Gandhi;religion
Fear of death makes us devoid both of valour and religion. For want of valour is want of religious faith.;Mahatma Gandhi;religion
Religion is a matter of the heart. No physical inconvenience can warrant abandonment of one's own religion.;Mahatma Gandhi;religion
Every formula of every religion has in this age of reason, to submit to the acid test of reason and universal assent.;Mahatma Gandhi;religion
All who think cannot but see there is a sanction like that of religion which binds us in partnership in the serious work of the world.;Benjamin Franklin;religion
Your daily life is your temple and your religion. When you enter into it take with you your all.;Khalil Gibran;religion
When we blindly adopt a religion, a political system, a literary dogma, we become automatons. We cease to grow.;Anais Nin;religion
We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children smart.;H. L. Mencken;religion
We are persuaded that good Christians will always be good citizens, and that where righteousness prevails among individuals the Nation will be great and happy. Thus while just government protects all in their religious rights, true religion affords to government it's surest support.;George Washington;religion
Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as useful.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;religion
In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with reality at any point.;Friedrich Nietzsche;religion
Religion is the impotence of the human mind to deal with occurrences it cannot understand.;Karl Marx;religion
There is not enough religion in the world even to destroy religion.;Friedrich Nietzsche;religion
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.;Lucille Ball;religion
The framers of our Constitution meant we were to have freedom of religion, not freedom from religion.;Billy Graham;religion
There is only one religion, though there are a hundred versions of it.;George Bernard Shaw;religion
Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There's a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning.;Bill Gates;religion
If religion were true, its followers would not try to bludgeon their young into an artificial conformity but would merely insist on their unbending quest for truth, irrespective of artificial backgrounds or practical consequences.;H. P. Lovecraft;religion
Religion is just mind control.;George Carlin;religion
It's not surprising, then, they get bitter, they cling to guns or religion or antipathy to people who aren't like them or anti-immigrant sentiment or anti-trade sentiment as a way to explain their frustrations.;Barack Obama;religion
A little philosophy inclineth man's mind to atheism, but depth in philosophy bringeth men's minds about to religion.;Francis Bacon;religion
I believe in a religion that believes in freedom. Any time I have to accept a religion that won't let me fight a battle for my people, I say to hell with that religion.;Malcolm X;religion
The more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude.;Aldous Huxley;religion
Religion is the opium of the masses.;Karl Marx;religion
A strong argument for the religion of Christ is this - that offences against Charity are about the only ones which men on their death-beds can be made - not to understand - but to feel - as crime.;Edgar Allan Poe;religion
Religion can never reform mankind because religion is slavery.;Robert Green Ingersoll;religion
It is a truism that almost any sect, cult, or religion will legislate its creed into law if it acquires the political power to do so.;Robert A. Heinlein;religion
Any system of religion that has anything in it that shocks the mind of a child, cannot be true.;Thomas Paine;religion
I'm a student of world religion, so to me, it's hugely important to have knowledge and to understand what people are doing.;Will Smith;religion
Superstition is to religion what astrology is to astronomy the mad daughter of a wise mother. These daughters have too long dominated the earth.;Voltaire;religion
Religion is the organization of spirituality into something that became the hand maiden of conquerors. Nearly all religions were brought to people and imposed on people by conquerors, and used as the framework to control their minds.;John Henrik Clarke;religion
I maintain that Truth is a pathless land, and you cannot approach it by any path whatsoever, by any religion, by any sect.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;religion
I don't necessarily believe in organized religion.;Will Smith;religion
War is the greatest plague that can afflict humanity, it destroys religion, it destroys states, it destroys families. Any scourge is preferable to it.;Martin Luther;religion
Like religion, politics, and family planning, cereal is not a topic to be brought up in public. It's too controversial.;Erma Bombeck;religion
Love is my religion - I could die for it.;John Keats;religion
He who possesses art and science has religion he who does not possess them, needs religion.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;religion
Selfishness is the only real atheism aspiration, unselfishness, the only real religion.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;religion
I am against religion because it teaches us to be satisfied with not understanding the world.;Richard Dawkins;religion
Nothing can be more contrary to religion and the clergy than reason and common sense.;Voltaire;religion
When I have a terrible need of - shall I say the word - religion. Then I go out and paint the stars.;Vincent Van Gogh;religion
The Christian religion, though scattered and abroad will in the end gather itself together at the foot of the cross.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;religion
This is all the inheritance I give to my dear family. The religion of Christ will give them one which will make them rich indeed.;Patrick Henry;religion
When it is a question of money, everybody is of the same religion.;Voltaire;religion
It was not a religion that attacked us that September day. It was al-Qaeda. We will not sacrifice the liberties we cherish or hunker down behind walls of suspicion and mistrust.;Barack Obama;religion
Instead of being presented with stereotypes by age, sex, color, class, or religion, children must have the opportunity to learn that within each range, some people are loathsome and some are delightful.;Margaret Mead;religion
These things will destroy the human race: politics without principle, progress without compassion, wealth without work, learning without silence, religion without fearlessness and worship without awareness.;Anthony de Mello;religion
The truths of religion are never so well understood as by those who have lost the power of reason.;Voltaire;religion
Religion is the masterpiece of the art of animal training, for it trains people as to how they shall think.;Arthur Schopenhauer;religion
Skeptical scrutiny is the means, in both science and religion, by which deep thoughts can be winnowed from deep nonsense.;Carl Sagan;religion
Religion is for people who are scared to go to hell. Spirituality is for people who have already been there.;Bonnie Raitt;religion
There is no surer sign of decay in a country than to see the rites of religion held in contempt.;Niccolo Machiavelli;religion
Freedom. Freedom of religion. Freedom to speak their mind. Freedom to build a life. And yes, freedom to build a business. With their own hands. This is the essence of the American experience.;Mitt Romney;religion
Communism, like any other revealed religion, is largely made up of prophecies.;H. L. Mencken;religion
And let me make this very clear - unlike President Obama, I will not raise taxes on the middle class. As president, I will protect the sanctity of life. I will honor the institution of marriage. And I will guarantee America's first liberty: the freedom of religion.;Mitt Romney;religion
No religion has mandated killing others as a requirement for its sustenance or promotion.;Abdul Kalam;religion
Religion is something left over from the infancy of our intelligence, it will fade away as we adopt reason and science as our guidelines.;Bertrand Russell;religion
I say quite deliberately that the Christian religion, as organized in its Churches, has been and still is the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.;Bertrand Russell;religion
Whoever seeks to set one religion against another seeks to destroy all religion.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;religion
Since Castro took power, the Cuban people have been denied basic human freedoms. No freedom of religion, no freedom of the press, no political freedom. And the regime uses brutality and violence to suppress these freedoms and impose its will.;Mitt Romney;religion
We have enslaved the rest of the animal creation, and have treated our distant cousins in fur and feathers so badly that beyond doubt, if they were able to formulate a religion, they would depict the Devil in human form.;William Ralph Inge;religion
Religion is the frozen thought of man out of which they build temples.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;religion
Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a heartless world, and the soul of soulless conditions. It is the opium of the people.;Karl Marx;religion
If any of you should ask me for an epitome of the Christian religion, I should say that it is in one word - prayer. Live and die without prayer, and you will pray long enough when you get to hell.;Charles Spurgeon;religion
Religion is an illusion and it derives its strength from the fact that it falls in with our instinctual desires.;Sigmund Freud;religion
Religion is all bunk.;Thomas A. Edison;religion
I have now disposed of all my property to my family. There is one thing more I wish I could give them, and that is the Christian religion.;Patrick Henry;religion
One of the things that is wrong with religion is that it teaches us to be satisfied with answers which are not really answers at all.;Richard Dawkins;religion
Persecution is not an original feature in any religion but it is always the strongly marked feature of all religions established by law.;Thomas Paine;religion
Nothing defines humans better than their willingness to do irrational things in the pursuit of phenomenally unlikely payoffs. This is the principle behind lotteries, dating, and religion.;Scott Adams;religion
The first requisite for the happiness of the people is the abolition of religion.;Karl Marx;religion
I have been astonished that men could die martyrs for religion - I have shuddered at it. I shudder no more - I could be martyred for my religion - Love is my religion - I could die for that.;John Keats;religion
Every religion is good that teaches man to be good and I know of none that instructs him to be bad.;Thomas Paine;religion
As with the Christian religion, the worst advertisement for Socialism is its adherents.;George Orwell;religion
My religion encompasses all religions. I believe in God, I believe in the universe. I believe you are god, I believe I am god I believe the earth is god and the universe is god. We're all god.;Ray Bradbury;religion
My country is the world, and my religion is to do good.;Thomas Paine;religion
Is it not a species of blasphemy to call the New Testament revealed religion, when we see in it such contradictions and absurdities.;Thomas Paine;religion
We want to answer this classical question, who am I? So I think that most of our works are for art, or whatever we do, including science or religion, tried to answer that question.;Paulo Coelho;religion
The three great elements of modern civilization, Gun powder, Printing, and the Protestant religion.;Thomas Carlyle;religion
Be strong, believe in freedom and in God, love yourself, understand your sexuality, have a sense of humor, masturbate, don't judge people by their religion, color or sexual habits, love life and your family.;Madonna Ciccone;religion
Toleration is the best religion.;Victor Hugo;religion
I'm religiously opposed to religion.;Victor Hugo;religion
A universe with a God would look quite different from a universe without one. A physics, a biology where there is a God is bound to look different. So the most basic claims of religion are scientific. Religion is a scientific theory.;Richard Dawkins;religion
Religion is excellent stuff for keeping common people quiet.;Napoleon Bonaparte;religion
I think it's been hard for people to understand how Islam can be a good religion, and yet the Islamists are evil. Those of us who have had experience with Islam understand this, just as we understand the difference between snake handlers and people going to church on Sunday morning.;P. J. O'Rourke;religion
In nearly every religion I am aware of, there is a variation of the golden rule. And even for the non-religious, it is a tenet of people who believe in humanistic principles.;Hillary Clinton;religion
