The transatlantic relationship is vital for both our countries: France will remain a reliable ally of the United States. Nevertheless, ally does not mean aligned.;Francois Hollande;relationship
In a relationship, when does the art of compromise become compromising?;Sarah Jessica Parker;relationship
The relationship between the prophet and the President, the priest and the President, is a sacred one.;Jesse Jackson;relationship
When they watch a movie and they know that you're in a relationship, you just kind of watch that constantly.;Charlize Theron;relationship
Men are wary of me because they know, by listening to my music, that a relationship with me will be quite deep.;Ellie Goulding;relationship
Every company has two organizational structures: The formal one is written on the charts the other is the everyday relationship of the men and women in the organization.;Harold S. Geneen;relationship
I'm so lucky that I have a great relationship.;Julianne Hough;relationship
The thing that stood out above and beyond all the experiences was this relationship with the nine-month-old baby. On weekends, I'd be thinking about going back to set on Monday just to see the baby.;Vin Diesel;relationship
The basic discovery about any people is the discovery of the relationship between men and women.;Pearl S. Buck;relationship
It's a very difficult thing losing a parent, but I think there's an added complication for me, because he was so well-loved and he had this very open charm that made people feel they had a personal relationship with him.;Kate Beckinsale;relationship
A lot of times, women don't get the male perspective in regards to a relationship, what men go through when they're not really dealing well.;Morris Chestnut;relationship
I have relationships with people I'm working with, based on our combined interest. It doesn't make the relationship any less sincere, but it does give it a focus that may not last beyond the experience.;Harrison Ford;relationship
You have a strange relationship with calamity when you're a writer: you write about it as an artist, you objectify and fetishize it. You render life into material, and that's a creepy thing to do.;Tony Kushner;relationship
There's an entry point to any relationship.;will.i.am;relationship
I think every relationship has a point where you stop and reevaluate. Are you happy? Have you grown together or apart? What do you share interests in? I think that's a normal thing to do, but it's so much harder when it's done publicly.;Courteney Cox;relationship
All men want to be treated like kings in a relationship, and I think if women don't indulge that sometimes, their men are likely to stray and look for someone who can give that to them.;Giada De Laurentiis;relationship
We've been able to access deals that under our former relationship with Disney - with tax advantages and strategic partners - that we just weren't able to do.;Harvey Weinstein;relationship
If you're giving love and not receiving it, you're not in the right relationship. If you're receiving it and not giving it than you are taking advantage of the other person.;Patti Stanger;relationship
By measuring the proportion of children living with the same parents from birth and whether their parents report a good quality relationship we are driving home the message that social programmes should promote family stability and avert breakdown.;Iain Duncan Smith;relationship
I am an optimist about the UK. We have been involved in trade with our European partners, which we will always be doing whatever this relationship is. We are a member of the EU. That gives us benefits. But we have to figure out where that is going. In the world, we are a global trader already.;Iain Duncan Smith;relationship
I present myself to you in a form suitable to the relationship I wish to achieve with you.;Luigi Pirandello;relationship
I have a much better relationship with the press than I did, I think because I stood my ground.;Elton John;relationship
My mom is going to kill me for talking about sleeping with people. But I don't want to put myself in the position where I'm in a monogamous relationship right now. I'm not dating just one person. 'Sex and the City' changed everything for me because those girls would sleep with so many people.;Lindsay Lohan;relationship
But I think there's something wonderful and extraordinary about climbing on your own and just that kind of relationship to the environment. I'm very addicted to the mountains. You know, so, I do like that solitude.;Andy Serkis;relationship
The U.K. needs a system for family migration underpinned by three simple principles. One: that those who come here should do so on the basis of a genuine relationship. Two: that migrants should be able to pay their way. And three: that they are able to integrate into British society.;Theresa May;relationship
Sex is... perfectly natural. It's something that's pleasurable. It's enjoyable and it enhances a relationship. So why don't we learn as much as we can about it and become comfortable with ourselves as sexual human beings because we are all sexual?;Sue Johanson;relationship
I wanted very much to do Traffic and at one point it looked like I was going to work on it. And then, of course, Catherine Zeta-Jones had her relationship with Michael Douglas and it suddenly didn't happen.;Kevin Costner;relationship
I don't think the relationship between novels and realities are one to one. Of course novels play different roles. It's essentially just a long narrative form. What you use that long narrative form for can be very different.;Margaret Atwood;relationship
A durable, long-term U.S.-China strategic relationship is even more important now than in previous decades. The relationship will continue to grow and prosper to the mutual benefit of all peoples.;Alexander Haig;relationship
Ninety percent of the students take the 'preferred lender.' Why? Because that's the nature of the relationship. You trust the school. The school is in a position of authority.;Andrew Cuomo;relationship
The Apology opened the opportunity for a new relationship based on mutual respect and mutual responsibility between Indigenous and non-Indigenous Australia. Because without mutual respect and mutual responsibility, the truth is we can achieve very little.;Kevin Rudd;relationship
I have a need to make these sorts of connections literal sometimes, and a vehicle often helps to do that. I have a relationship to car culture. It isn't really about loving cars. It's sort of about needing them.;Matthew Barney;relationship
So I wanted to sing inspirational music, and that's exactly how I approached it - only the words have been changed to declare my relationship with God.;Smokey Robinson;relationship
We have peace with Israel. We're actually the last man standing. So there is going to be immense pressure and people asking, 'Why are we having this relationship when it's not benefiting anybody?' Obviously, my answer is you always benefit from peace.;King Abdullah II;relationship
The fact my relationship with my son is so good makes me forgiving of my father and also appreciative.;Anthony Kiedis;relationship
My mother killed herself when I was 12. I won't complete that relationship. But I can try to understand her.;Jane Fonda;relationship
Now I'm a wife and a mother of two. It's a really different role. I always referred to No Doubt as a marriage, because that's what it's like to be together for so long and go through what we've been through. I can't really have that relationship with them anymore.;Gwen Stefani;relationship
There is an urgent need for a radical revision of our current concepts of the nature of consciousness and its relationship to matter and the brain.;Stanislav Grof;relationship
Humans have a fraught relationship with beasts. They are our companions and our chattel, our family members and our laborers, our household pets and our household pests. We love them and cage them, admire them and abuse them. And, of course, we cook and eat them.;Jeffrey Kluger;relationship
For me, it's about the way I carry myself and the way I treat other people. My relationship and how I feel about God and what He does for me, is something deeply personal. It's where I came from, my family, I was brought up in a religious household and that's very important to me.;Beyonce Knowles;relationship
I do believe that when you know better, you do better. You know what was wrong about the last relationship, and hopefully you will do better the next time.;Elisha Cuthbert;relationship
You know, we're each the hero of our own story and we perceive what's going on around us, and especially in a relationship, from the kind of viewpoint of, 'Well, this is my story, and I'm the hero of that, and I justify what I do around it.';Michael Sheen;relationship
I think 'Tattoo''s a song that can go so many different ways. Some people think of it as a break-up song, but, for me, it's about somebody who comes into your life and really touches you - be they a friend, a family member or someone you're in a relationship with.;Jordin Sparks;relationship
If you love somebody, you love them. My parents had a 25-year age gap between them and my mum was the breadwinner, my dad the house husband. I'm a strong believer that a good relationship can work, whatever the situation.;Katherine Jenkins;relationship
I'm so single. It's funny. I'm usually a relationship girl. I love being in love and having a partner in crime. But it's good to be your own partner in crime. God, that makes me sound like I have multiple-personality disorder.;Brittany Snow;relationship
But I think the real tension lies in the relationship between what you might call the pursuer and his quarry, whether it's the writer or the spy.;John le Carre;relationship
We run into some pretty tough arguments sometimes, but the idea is that at the end of the day, my wife and I realize that we'll always be holding each other's hand. This is a lifelong relationship, and after 12 years she hasn't gotten rid of me yet.;Kyle Chandler;relationship
My grandparents got married at a very young age, and a lot of what I think about marriage is based on their relationship. I watched them over the years and saw how they dealt with everything together, as a team.;Kyle Chandler;relationship
My grandparents got married at a very young age, and a lot of what I think about marriage is based on their relationship.;Kyle Chandler;relationship
So I just had to step up how I was doing it and the moment that I stepped up and the moment I focused all my energy on that is when things started to happen. So there's a direct relationship between my inspiration and my output.;Talib Kweli;relationship
I'm always open to a relationship, but I'm not putting those feelers out there now.;Charlize Theron;relationship
I am a relationship girl. That's kind of just how I'm made... When you're in my life, it's actually very contained.;Charlize Theron;relationship
I'm in an on-off relationship at the moment.;Cat Deeley;relationship
I grew up very religious, and I don't have a great relationship with religion.;Brad Pitt;relationship
I certainly know that this relationship could not have continued the way it did, when I was at the Pentagon and the president was obviously at the White House, without Betty.;Monica Lewinsky;relationship
It was a mutual relationship.;Monica Lewinsky;relationship
This was a mutual relationship, mutual on all levels, right from the way it started and all the way through. I don't accept that he had to completely desecrate my character.;Monica Lewinsky;relationship
I think that the fact that a relationship becomes public is a bit of a bummer. Because it can distract from the real reason why you're together, which is that you just like each other.;Chris Martin;relationship
With public figures involved in a relationship it seems that there is a machine behind their love so oftentimes.;Joaquin Phoenix;relationship
Our relationship was cursed by the fact that we agreed on everything.;Elia Kazan;relationship
There's such an extreme feeling to be in love, especially in quite an emotionally destructive relationship, where you're both kind of really bad for each other, but you love each other so much. Those extreme emotions, I think, can only be described with extreme imagery.;Florence Welch;relationship
In order to satirize adequately, I think you need to bring people down to Earth and be like, 'Yeah, these people drink coffee and have tummy troubles and they go to the bathroom like anybody else, and they all have relationship problems, if they even have relationships.';Anna Chlumsky;relationship
Liberalism is a really old British tradition and it has a completely different attitude towards the individual and the relationship between the individual and the state than the collectivist response of Labour, and particularly Old Labour, does.;Nick Clegg;relationship
I think I wanted to write a book about the relationship between the victim and perpetrator in which the victim agrees to remain silent.;Darrell Hammond;relationship
The Russians are turning east to the Chinese - to the Europeans' surprise. It always seemed to me that the relationship between Russia and China would shift from being based in Marx and Lenin to being based in oil and gas.;Daniel Yergin;relationship
It takes bravery to end a relationship.;Leona Lewis;relationship
Obviously, a long-distance relationship is hard. But, like anything worth having, you make it work.;Leona Lewis;relationship
I love the comic opportunities that come up in the context of a father-son relationship.;Harrison Ford;relationship
With the CGI, suddenly there's a thousand enemies instead of six - the army goes off into the horizon. You don't need that. The audience loses its relationship with the threat on the screen. That's something that's consistently happening and it makes these movies like video games and that's a soulless enterprise. It's all kinetics without emotion.;Harrison Ford;relationship
I feel there's a power in theatre, but it's an indirect power. It's like the relationship of the sleeper to the unconscious. You discover things you can't afford to countenance in waking life. You can forget them, remember them a day later or not have any idea what they are about.;Tony Kushner;relationship
I've discovered just how symbiotic the relationship is between writers, directors and actors. They ask the same questions and strip down texts in exactly the same way.;Damian Lewis;relationship
I usually write for the individual reader -though I would like to have many such readers. There are some poets who write for people assembled in big rooms, so they can live through something collectively. I prefer my reader to take my poem and have a one-on-one relationship with it.;Wislawa Szymborska;relationship
In December 1998, I considered myself an expert on love. I was almost a year into a relationship, one that had grown more slowly than I had wished, but once it flowered it was much more stimulating than any marriage or relationship I had known.;Jane Smiley;relationship
My mom drives me crazy sometimes, but I have a good relationship with her.;Seth Rogen;relationship
Golf has an ambivalent relationship with the environment. On one hand, it's a great preserver of open spaces. Golf doesn't pave the world - it helps to green the world. But the downside is, it uses a lot of fertilizer, pesticides and water.;Thomas Friedman;relationship
Anyone working for a big company might be skeptical that a large business, or even a strictly online business, can form the same kind of friendly, loyal relationship with customers as a local retailer. I'm saying it's already been done because I lived it.;Gary Vaynerchuk;relationship
You know when you get into that thing where people want to discuss the relationship? I'd rather discuss what was on telly, avoid the issue, discuss anything other than the relationship.;Jarvis Cocker;relationship
Every woman I've had a relationship with has found this maddening the fact that I will talk about anything on the stage, and reveal all this stuff, and yet when I'm at home, I clam up and won't discuss anything intimate or personal.;Jarvis Cocker;relationship
My father and I are very similar and have a wonderful relationship, but we both stand by our opinions.;Chris Hemsworth;relationship
This thing with everyone knowing you, it's weird, because people have this one-sided relationship where they look at your picture and feel they know you more than someone they actually know. I don't really know myself that well.;Robert Pattinson;relationship
I'm not one of these guys who's constantly in a relationship, not at all.;Robert Pattinson;relationship
Poetry is always slightly mysterious, and you wonder what is your relationship to it.;Seamus Heaney;relationship
A lot of Hollywood couples get married young and wind up growing out of their relationship.;Patti Stanger;relationship
As long as women are in the work force making their own money and decisions, men are going to have to realize that this way of life is here to stay - because it takes two incomes to make it and more now. The sooner you address your style of saving and spending with your mate the better off your relationship will be.;Patti Stanger;relationship
We have all loved a guy we know has issues. Despite popular opinions, until we give it a final try, the relationship will always be in the 'what if' stage.;Patti Stanger;relationship
It's hard for women who make a lot of money and make decisions all day long, then they have to come home and be 'Stupid Sally.' Men need respect, and they need to know that they can lead in the relationship, so even if they don't make the most money they need to be able to call the shots.;Patti Stanger;relationship
When a relationship doesn't work anymore, it's terrible to stay with someone that you don't love.;Monica Bellucci;relationship
I find it quite hard to sum up my relationship in a sound bite. I feel that it trivializes it for other people's pleasure. It's an adventure.;Emily Blunt;relationship
I visited my father for the full ten years that he was in prison, so we already had a deep and loving relationship, and remembered our mother at those times.;Sam Sheppard;relationship
It's a complex relationship when your dad happened to be president and you are president and then you have all the amateur psychology that goes on when people try to speculate about motivations.;Jeb Bush;relationship
Tony and I had a good on and off screen relationship, we are two very different people, but we did share a sense of humor, we now live in different parts of the world but when we find ourselves in the same place it is more or less as if there had been no years in between.;Roger Moore;relationship
There is no substitute for the comfort supplied by the utterly taken-for-granted relationship.;Iris Murdoch;relationship
I have a full life: I have two amazing kids, I have great friends, great family. And right now, that's plenty for me to manage. A new relationship just seems like way too much work.;Sarah McLachlan;relationship
In order to be able to give a girlfriend the amount of time she deserves, you would need time, and I just can't give her that. So, rather than being selfish or stupid enough to go into a relationship, it's just been easier to be single.;Ryan Kwanten;relationship
The relationship between Cathy and Mom in the strip is the one relationship drawn from real life that I have proudly never even tried to disguise.;Cathy Guisewite;relationship
I had such a close relationship with my dog, and my dog so filled the need in my life to have children that I just wanted Cathy to have that experience.;Cathy Guisewite;relationship
A lot of married people certainly have wonderful relationships with their dogs, but when you're single and your dog is the only other living thing in your house, it's a really special relationship which I wanted CATHY to have.;Cathy Guisewite;relationship
The most important aspect of the relationship between the president and the secretary of state is that they both understand who is president.;Dean Acheson;relationship
When it comes to 'Glee,' I feel like I've been in a relationship, and now I can mingle a bit.;Lea Michele;relationship
