There's an honesty in our family - my kids and I are able to talk about things without me putting the fear of God into them.;Billie Joe Armstrong;family
You cannot be happy with your family while being personally unhappy with your work. It's a Catch-22 kind of thing.;Mikhail Baryshnikov;family
Because of my own family's service (in the U.S. Army, Navy, and Massachusetts and New York National Guard), I am a strong supporter of the military and do believe that there are just wars.;Camille Paglia;family
Except for naval and air exercises, our military should be stationed on American soil, where service men and women can lead normal lives in close proximity to family and friends.;Camille Paglia;family
I want to do as little as possible when I finish playing ball - just spend a lot more time with my family.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;family
I know it's a cliche, but the whole family is just whacked. I mean, we're all out of our minds. They're the funniest, most eccentric bizarre people I've ever met, my siblings.;Dana Carvey;family
Only solitary men know the full joys of frienship. Others have their family but to a solitary and an exile, his friends are everything.;Willa Cather;family
Parenthood and family come first for me, and when I'm not working I'm cool with the Teletubbies.;Clive Owen;family
Studies have shown that since women have had access to the pill and family planning measures, they have made huge gains in both wages and in careers that were dominated by men.;Jennifer Granholm;family
For families across the UK who are income-poor, but more than that, whose lives are blighted by worklessness, educational failure, family breakdown, problem debt and poor health, as well as other problems, giving them an extra pound - say through increased benefits - will not address the reason they find themselves in difficulty in the first place.;Iain Duncan Smith;family
Mental illness is the last frontier. The gay thing is part of everyday life now on a show like 'Modern Family,' but mental illness is still full of stigma. Maybe it is time for that to change.;Eric McCormack;family
If anything interferes with my inner peace, I will walk away. Arguments with family members. All that stuff. None of it matters.;Shirley MacLaine;family
It is no longer an unwritten law of American capitalism that industry will attempt to maintain wages at a level that allows a single wage to support a family.;Christopher Lasch;family
The family wage has been eroded by the same developments that have promoted consumerism as a way of life.;Christopher Lasch;family
In a big family the first child is kind of like the first pancake. If it's not perfect, that's okay, there are a lot more coming along.;Antonin Scalia;family
I'm worried about that man or woman sitting around - the coffee table tonight or in their kitchen talking about how are we going to get to work. How are we going to have the dignity to take care of our family.;Rick Perry;family
I have been called a nun with a switchblade where my privacy is concerned. I think there's a point where one says, that's for family, that's for me.;Julie Andrews;family
My sense of the family history is somewhat sketchy, because my mother kept a great deal to herself.;Julie Andrews;family
Never refuse an assignment except when there is a conflict of interest, a potential of danger to you or your family, or you hold a strongly biased attitude about the subject under focus.;Jessica Savitch;family
The last thing family and friends want is for you to spend money on them that you don't have or that you can't really spare.;Suze Orman;family
I believe there are three keys to success. For me it is keeping my priorities in order: It's my faith and my family, and then the business.;Kathy Ireland;family
My friends ask me why I still live with my family, but I feel comfortable there. We've all been through so much together.;Shaun White;family
I know my family and I would always go up to the mountains just for fun. We always skied. Then, all of a sudden, my brother started snow boarding. Older brother thing, I had to do what he was doing. So I started snow boarding.;Shaun White;family
I sang in the choir for years, even though my family belonged to another church.;Paul Lynde;family
My father was the center of the family, and everyone tried to please him.;Ang Lee;family
Thinking back to those earlier days, I felt I was weak when I wasn't making movies, and then when I was, I thought I was weak as a family member.;Ang Lee;family
Soon we saw that money going to women brought much more benefit to the family than money going to the men. So we changed our policy and gave a high priority to women. As a result, now 96% of our four million borrowers in Grameen Bank are women.;Muhammad Yunus;family
The first responsibility of the Muslim is as teacher. That is his job, to teach. His first school, his first classroom is within the household. His first student is himself. He masters himself and then he begins to convey the knowledge that he has acquired to the family. The people who are closest to him.;H. Rap Brown;family
I come from a family of losers, and I've rejected my family as something I don't want to be like.;Sting;family
I have an obligation to try to live as long as I can for my family.;Elizabeth Edwards;family
My goal is to get everybody in America to do their family tree.;Henry Louis Gates;family
If you share a common ancestor with somebody, you're related to them. It doesn't mean that you're going to invite them to the family reunion, but it means that you share DNA.;Henry Louis Gates;family
If you share a common ancestor with somebody, you're related to them. It doesn't mean that you're going to invite them to the family reunion, but it means that you share DNA. I think it's fascinating.;Henry Louis Gates;family
The bottom line is that Wanda Sykes has the longest continuously documented family tree of any African-American we have ever researched.;Henry Louis Gates;family
My family and our neighbors and friends thought of Africa and its Africans as extensions of the stereotyped characters that we saw in movies and on television in films such as 'Tarzan' and in programs such as 'Ramar of the Jungle' and 'Sheena, Queen of the Jungle.';Henry Louis Gates;family
You can say I had a severe case of 'Roots' envy. I wanted to be like Alex Haley, and I wanted to be able to... do my family tree back to the slave ship and then reverse the Middle Passage, as I like to put it, and find the tribe or ethnic group that I was from in Africa.;Henry Louis Gates;family
So when you do your family tree and Margaret Cho does hers, and... Wanda Sykes and John Legend... we're adding to the database that scholars can then draw from to generalize about the complexity of the American experience. And that's the contribution that family trees make to broader scholarship.;Henry Louis Gates;family
The death of any man aged 56 is very sad for his widow and family. And no one would deny that Steve Jobs was a brilliant and highly innovative technician, with great business flair and marketing ability.;A. N. Wilson;family
It seems to me that unless you or someone very close to you has had a bad head injury, you really can't fathom it. You have no concept of what it is all about. It was so difficult for my whole family, not just me.;Barbara Mandrell;family
Seeing the family is a very important part of my weekend.;Susannah York;family
I come from an Italian family. One of the greatest and most profound expressions we would ever use in conversations or arguments was a slamming door. The slamming door was our punctuation mark.;Mario Batali;family
You follow any family around, you're going to see elation, you're going to see disharmony.;Joan Jett;family
The family teaches us about the importance of knowledge, education, hard work and effort. It teaches us about enjoying ourselves, having fun, keeping fit and healthy.;Kamisese Mara;family
Only as far as a man is happily married to himself is he fit for married life and family life in general.;Novalis;family
I have had lots of friends who've been affected by Aids and a very good friend of mine, Oscar Moore, died of Aids and I was with him in his last year quite a bit. And of course he was a man living in a very rich culture with a wealthy family who was able to afford health care.;Emma Thompson;family
I understand what it's like to come with your family, and to uproot yourself and come to another culture. You need a lot of support. People say, 'She's got her daughter she's got her husband.' Yeah, but she hasn't got anyone else.;Emma Thompson;family
The real estate agent had to go door-to-door in the apartment building we wanted to rent, asking if it was OK for this interracial family - my mom is white and I was a 1-year-old half-African kid - to live in the apartment building.;Tom Morello;family
The Rooneys are very classy. They're very deliberate with their decision-making. Once you're part of that family, Steeler nation, they treat you with respect. You don't have a lot of rambunctious players running around.;Tony Dorsett;family
In every song I write, whether it's a love song or a political song or a song about family, the one thing that I find is feeling lost and trying to find your way.;Billie Joe Armstrong;family
I wanted the players to feel like they were part of a family, to be conscious of that controlled togetherness as they made that slow entrance onto the field. It had a great psychological effect on the opposing team, too. They'd never seen anything like it.;Hayden Fry;family
I now have two different audiences. There's the one that has been watching my action films for 20 years, and the American family audience. American jokes, less fighting.;Jackie Chan;family
No one can find inner peace except by working, not in a self- centered way, but for the whole human family.;Peace Pilgrim;family
My grandfather's family used to own a pasta factory in Naples and they would go door-to-door selling their pasta. So his love of food came from his parents, which was then passed down to my mother and then again to me.;Giada De Laurentiis;family
I work more now because at this time of my life I am not disturbed from my aim by outside pressures such as family, passionate relationships, dealing with 'who am I?' - those complications when one is searching for one's self.;Jeanne Moreau;family
I have yet to see a drama that puts forward women who are successful and have a family. Women are nearly always seen as victims.;Francesca Annis;family
Like all best families, we have our share of eccentricities, of impetuous and wayward youngsters and of family disagreements.;Queen Elizabeth II;family
I'm often asked if I regret not going to Hollywood. I'm glad I didn't go, because if I had I wouldn't have my extended family, which is the fabric of my life. Only recently have I realised how special and unusual it is.;Francesca Annis;family
I have yet to see a drama that puts forward women who are successful and also have a family... they are nearly always seen as victims.;Francesca Annis;family
Music was your real passion, this thing you held dear even above family. It was this relationship that never betrayed you. Once it became your job - this thing that was highly visible, this thing that became about commerce - that's when you were holding onto music like it was a palm tree in a hurricane.;Eddie Vedder;family
A ball player has to be kept hungry to become a big leaguer. That's why no boy from a rich family has ever made the big leagues.;Joe DiMaggio;family
For those who are able to work, work has to be seen as the best route out of poverty. For work is not just about more money - it is transformative. It's about taking responsibility for yourself and your family.;Iain Duncan Smith;family
I'd like to have a family.;Maria Sharapova;family
Whenever I have friends over, we end up eating and talking and losing track of time, and, once in a while, singing karaoke. It reminds me of the family meals we had in Russia, which always lasted a very long time. That's a tradition I miss.;Maria Sharapova;family
My family and I built my whole career from scratch.;Maria Sharapova;family
My family is awesome.;Miranda Lambert;family
I support concrete and progressive immigration reform based on three primary criteria: family reunification, economic contributions, and humanitarian concerns.;Jeff Bingaman;family
I can't imagine dating a boy, meeting him only outside the home. What's a home and family for if it's not the center of one's life?;Loretta Young;family
My wife, a schoolteacher, very disciplined. If you think I'm tough, trust me, and wait till you see when the children are on the naughty step. It's hilarious. So we decided that I'm going to work like a donkey and provide amazing support for the family.;Gordon Ramsay;family
The dirty little secret is that the pool man, who's making $30,000 a year, is subsidizing the million-dollar mortgage for the family whose pool he cleans. No wonder people want to get rid of tax breaks for corporate jets.;Dee Dee Myers;family
My father, who died a few years ago, was a good, simple, very honest man. His faith and affection for his family was just unassailable, without question.;David Ogden Stiers;family
You go to a restaurant in the States and kids have these game boards at the table. You don't see that in Italy or Spain. It's not because they can't afford to buy them, it's because that's not what eating together as a family is about.;Emeril Lagasse;family
Stay out of the sun, because it is the worst thing in terms of aging. I'm very medical. I come from a medical family.;Nicole Kidman;family
I don't hide my feelings, but when it comes to illness, I guess I don't panic. My father was the same way. I'm the provider for the family and the caretaker. If I panic, who is anybody going to run to?;Curt Schilling;family
If you don't have public hangings for bad culture in a company, if you don't take people out and let them say, they went home to spend more time with the family. It's crazy.;Jack Welch;family
I am suspending my presidential campaign, because of the continued distractions, the continued hurt caused on me and my family, not because we are not fighters. Not because I'm not a fighter.;Herman Cain;family
That's a central part of philosophy, of ethics. What do I owe to strangers? What do I owe to my family? What is it to live a good life? Those are questions which we face as individuals.;Peter Singer;family
Catholic school graduates exhibit a wide variety of qualities that will not only help them in their careers but also in their family and community lives.;Joe Baca;family
I grew up in a Navy family.;Elizabeth Edwards;family
We were never a family that had a lot. We had enough, but not a lot.;Elizabeth Edwards;family
Growing up in an Italian family, you use a harsh tone and 10 minutes later everybody forgets about it.;Elizabeth Edwards;family
Family life was wonderful. The streets were bleak. The playgrounds were bleak. But home was always warm. My mother and father had a great relationship. I always felt 'safe' there.;Robert Cormier;family
Fundamentalists are panicked by the apparent disintegration of the family, the disappearance of certainty and the decay of morality. Fear leads them to ask, if we cannot trust the Bible, what can we trust?;Garrett Hardin;family
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights describes the family as the natural and fundamental unit of society. It follows that any choice and decision with regard to the size of the family must irrevocably rest with the family itself, and cannot be made by anyone else.;Garrett Hardin;family
There's something about being with a group of people who become like family that must be needed in society.;Jacqueline Bisset;family
In Turkey, you're not allowed to be left alone in the hospital. The nurse teaches the family how to do things, and somebody is always there with the patient.;Mehmet Oz;family
Young actors often don't think of the consequences of doing nudity or sex scenes. They want the role so badly that they agree to be exploited, and then end up embarrassing family, friends, and even strangers.;Natalie Portman;family
I just want to be healthy and stay alive and keep my family going and everything and keep my friends going and try to do something so that this world will be peaceful. That is the most ambitious and the most difficult thing, but I'm there trying to do it.;Yoko Ono;family
You don't have to give birth to someone to have a family.;Sandra Bullock;family
I grew up in a family where the women were just nuts. They didn't stand around in cardigans making polite conversation while they chopped tomatoes.;Nadia Giosia;family
I am very lucky, I have a very tight group of friends and a very supportive family, and to this date no-one has ever sold a story on me.;Sienna Miller;family
I'm lucky to have family around me. Otherwise, I'll be taking the risk of falling in love with myself.;Shakira;family
I want to apologize to all of the people I have let down because of my behavior which has reflected badly on my family, friends, co-workers, business associates and others.;Kate Moss;family
Women know what men have long forgotten. The ultimate economic and spiritual unit of any civilization is still the family.;Clare Boothe Luce;family
The Bible is the great family chronicle of the Jews.;Heinrich Heine;family
Even if you plan a marriage and a family, you are never quite prepared for the reality versus how you imagined it. In a lot of ways it's better, and in a lot of ways it's worse. That's life, right?;Katherine Heigl;family
But when you lose a family member or something tragic happens, that stays with you forever. You never get over it. Knowing that you have to deal with that for the rest of your life... Football is important, but not as important as you once thought it was.;Brett Favre;family
Doing Saturday Night Live definitely affects my relationship with my girlfriend and with my family, because you feel so much pressure to do well that night. But I think everyone's grown to accept that and so they give me my space at the show.;Adam Sandler;family
We have a president who stole the presidency through family ties, arrogance and intimidation, employing Republican operatives to exercise the tactics of voter fraud by disenfranchising thousands of blacks, elderly Jews and other minorities.;Barbra Streisand;family
By the time I was 30, nobody would work with me. I was friendless, I was hopeless, I was suicidal, lost my family - I mean, it was bad. Bottomed out, didn't know what I was going to do. I actually thought I was going to be a chef - go to work in a kitchen someplace.;Glenn Beck;family
