'American Horror' is the debasement of the suburban family, the way a lonely kid would have imagined it in the Seventies.;Rob Sheffield;family
I'm not an anarchist, but I believe that people don't want the royal family - the so-called royal family.;Steven Patrick Morrissey;family
My dad was a militant atheist, or is a militant atheist. My mum was sort of bought up in a religious family because she was a Protestant from Ireland but wasn't especially religious.;Tony Blair;family
If you want to really know what your friends and family think of you die broke, and then see who shows up for the funeral.;Gregory Nunn;family
I have a mother that's very strong and family that surround me and constantly tell me they love me.;Whitney Houston;family
I approached everything, my job, my family, my romances, with intensity.;Gene Tierney;family
None of my actions have ever sort of been motored by the search for a husband or wondering if I was going to have a family someday or wanting to live in a really great house or thinking it would be really great to have a diamond.;Lena Dunham;family
A lot of parents never speak to their transgender kids again that's not the case in my family.;Chaz Bono;family
The purpose of the Seder to my mind is to inspire conversations with your family about the human drama and hopefully transmit values to the next generation. I've always felt like this could be better.;Jonathan Safran Foer;family
We need a better way to talk about eating animals, a way that doesn't ignore or even just shruggingly accept things like habits, cravings, family and history but rather incorporates them into the conversation. The more they are allowed in, the more able we will be to follow our best instincts.;Jonathan Safran Foer;family
I'm happiest with my family around me.;Amy Winehouse;family
All the songs I write are about human dynamics, whether it's with girlfriends, boyfriends, or family.;Amy Winehouse;family
We expect teachers to handle teenage pregnancy, substance abuse, and the failings of the family. Then we expect them to educate our children.;John Sculley;family
I eat a little bit of everything and not a lot of anything. Everything in moderation. I know that's really hard for people to understand, but I grew up in an Italian family where we didn't overdo anything. We ate pasta, yes, but not a lot of it.;Giada De Laurentiis;family
When I go back to family reunions everybody goes, 'Hey cousin! Hey Auntie!' And I'm like, 'Okay I don't know you, I have no idea who you are.' I am auntie and cousin for so many and even the ones in prison call me collect. And I'll be like, 'Which of my family members are giving you this phone number?';Sherri Shepherd;family
I'm the git in the family.;Clive Owen;family
A loving family provides the foundation children need to succeed, and strong families with a man and a woman - bonded together for life - always have been, and always will be, the key to such families.;Jim Bunning;family
People can undergo a sudden change of thinking and loyalties under threat of death or intense social pressure and isolation from friends and family.;Keith Henson;family
I would look at a dog and when our eyes met, I realized that the dog and all creatures are my family. They're like you and me.;Ziggy Marley;family
My family and friends treat me as they always have.;Daniel Craig;family
My health and my family are the core of my being.;Jon Bon Jovi;family
Broken relationships are a source of heavy heartbreak that seem to affect every family.;Jerry B. Jenkins;family
I do come from a strong family.;Arlen Specter;family
Liberals subscribe to the new flexible, pluralistic definition of the family their defense of families carries no conviction.;Christopher Lasch;family
Most women are pragmatists who have allowed extremists on the left and right to manipulate the family issue for their own purposes.;Christopher Lasch;family
The last three decades have seen the collapse of the family wage system.;Christopher Lasch;family
The left ask people to believe that there is no conflict between feminism and the family.;Christopher Lasch;family
I'm not asking that people accept homosexuality. I'm not asking that they believe like I do that it's inborn. I'm not asking that. All I'm saying is don't let these children suffer without a family because of your bias.;Rosie O'Donnell;family
The left sees nothing but bigotry and superstition in the popular defense of the family or in popular attitudes regarding abortion, crime, busing, and the school curriculum.;Christopher Lasch;family
If you go from a structure where you have the support and that partner and that construction of a family and that's broken apart, I think that's probably a lot harder than always being a single mom and having the father being a support in another area.;Bridget Moynahan;family
When liberals finally grasped the strength of popular feeling about the family, they cried to appropriate the rhetoric and symbolism of family values for their own purposes.;Christopher Lasch;family
How do you rebel in a family of rebels?;Nicolas Cage;family
My dad's whole family is in Madras and I was born in America so we didn't have that big Indian community. I don't really have anything interesting to say about it. When I talk about it people are like, 'meh, let's talk about something else.';Mindy Kaling;family
I am like a kid. I tell my family and friends I'm like a kid.;Shahrukh Khan;family
You might think that after thousands of years of coming up too soon and getting frozen, the crocus family would have had a little sense knocked into it.;Robert Benchley;family
From very early on in my childhood - four, five years old - I felt alien to the human race. I felt very comfortable with thinking I was from another planet, because I felt disconnected - I was very tall and skinny, and I didn't look like anybody else, I didn't even look like any member of my family.;Patti Smith;family
A rumor that followed me forever was that my family was in the mafia. For years I had to live with it. They'd call me the mafia princess, so I rolled with it for the rest of high school. People even joke about it today.;Giuliana Rancic;family
Instead of plotting the demise of the traditional family, as some politicians and religious leaders would have you believe, gay people mow their lawns and watch 'American Idol' and video their children's concerts and have the same hopes and dreams that their straight counterparts do.;Jodi Picoult;family
My whole family is very sarcastic and constantly making jokes.;Emily Deschanel;family
My encounters with racism are sort of second-hand situations where I might be standing around with a group of white friends and someone makes a comment that they wouldn't make at my family reunion.;Wentworth Miller;family
Here's the thing: the unit of reverence in Europe is the family, which is why a child born today of unmarried parents in Sweden has a better chance of growing up in a house with both of his parents than a child born to a married couple in America. Here we revere the couple, there they revere the family.;Elizabeth Gilbert;family
Sometimes you struggle so hard to feed your family one way, you forget to feed them the other way, with spiritual nourishment. Everybody needs that.;James Brown;family
Thank you to everyone that has made me the athlete I am! God, family and friends, my competitors and supporters! You have all had a hand!;Oscar Pistorius;family
In my family, in the days prior to television, we liked to while away the evenings by making ourselves miserable, solely based on our ability to speak the language viciously.;David Mamet;family
My idea of perfect happiness is a healthy family, peace between nations, and all the critics die.;David Mamet;family
One person may need (or want) more leisure, another more work one more adventure, another more security, and so on. It is this diversity that makes a country, indeed a state, a city, a church, or a family, healthy. 'One-size-fits-all,' and that size determined by the State has a name, and that name is 'slavery.';David Mamet;family
Our family was too strange and weird for even Santa Claus to come visit... Santa, who was jolly - but, let's face it, he was also very judgmental.;Julia Sweeney;family
The family is the school of duties - founded on love.;Felix Adler;family
My family were from Jamaica.;Diane Abbott;family
I believe in God, family, truth between people, the power of love.;Michael Landon;family
My family... always had the value of the family table and these cultural influences of growing up.;Emeril Lagasse;family
We'll be going to the fish market and a farmer's market this afternoon to get what we need to make and eat dinner as a family. I'm trying to expose my kids to going to a farmers market or the fish market and learning what that's all about.;Emeril Lagasse;family
When Nirvana became popular, you could very easily slip and get lost during that storm. I fortunately had really heavy anchors - old friends, family.;Dave Grohl;family
My mother was passionate. She was stubborn, the dominant one in the family. She dominated my father.;Hugh Leonard;family
My mother was the first woman in the county in Indiana where we were born, in Jay County, to have a college degree. She was educated as a pianist and she wanted to concertize, but when the war came she was married, had a family, so she started teaching.;Twyla Tharp;family
At this time when I turn 50, because so there's many of my friends and family who didn't get to see 50-years-old, and so, I'm celebrating for them too.;Reba McEntire;family
There is only one way to solve the alleged crisis of the erosion of 'family values.' And that is to get right down to the root cause of the problem.;Mike Royko;family
My family, you know, are all still, you know, very close. We're all still very close. Mom and Daddy are still alive. So, what more can you ask for? Your kids are healthy.;Reba McEntire;family
My whole family's been in the business. My whole family is crazy.;Blake Lively;family
My goals have changed throughout my life. At one time it was winning awards, selling out concert dates, selling more albums than anyone else. Now, my goals are to see my grandchildren grown, live a long and healthy life with my family and friends and travel the world.;Reba McEntire;family
If you want to look at the state of humans, you should look at the state of animals first. People are choosing whether or not they can feed an animal and their family. And every shelter coast-to-coast is stuffed.;Rachael Ray;family
Diabetes affects my family. One of my kids is affected by it.;John Ratzenberger;family
I really appreciate family. I really can't imagine life without them!;Ice Cube;family
It's a tremendous responsibility to be direct descendants of the prophet Muhammad. This family has had the burden of leadership on its shoulders for 1,400 years. I'm not going to drop the ball on my shift.;King Abdullah II;family
At one point in my life, I was very involved with social causes. I'm still involved, but now I have a family and it's important to me.;Salma Hayek;family
I have one friend that I've had since I was born, and she's from Coatzacoalcos. She's not really impressed or interested in the actor's life. My family isn't really either.;Salma Hayek;family
From those to whom much is given, much is expected. I have been given much - the love of my family, the faith and trust of the people of New York, and the chance to lead this state. I am deeply sorry that I did not live up to what was expected of me.;Eliot Spitzer;family
I have acted in a way that violates my obligations to my family and violates my, or any, sense of right and wrong. I apologize first and most importantly to my family. I apologize to the public, whom I promised better.;Eliot Spitzer;family
Well, one of the most important things for Americans to be reminded of is that a lot of the exceptional nature of our country is founded in Judeo-Christian values that promotes individualism, personal responsibility, a strong work ethic, and a commitment to family, charity.;Jim DeMint;family
I'm an actor I'm not a politician. I always kick myself when I talk too much about family, or personal things.;Christian Bale;family
Look, I've got incredible pride for my family. I've absolutely fallen into that cliche of a dad who could just happily talk about my daughter endlessly.;Christian Bale;family
There was a great complexity to my father. He was a devoted family man. But, in the same breath, he simply was not suited to an anchored life. He should have been somebody who had a backpack, an old map, a bit of change in his pocket and that was it - roaming the world.;Christian Bale;family
I can make dressing - or stuffing. Y'all call it stuffing up here, we call it dressing down there. It's really good dressing. That family recipe was passed on, and I love to make that.;Edie Brickell;family
If you feel rooted in your home and family, if you're active in your community, there's nothing more empowering. The best way to make a difference in the world is to start by making a difference in your own life.;Julia Louis-Dreyfus;family
I text a lot people, because it's how I stay connected with all my family and friends when I'm on set and traveling.;Ashley Tisdale;family
My family belongs to a tennis club in Valencia, California, so I always go there. I play a lot of tennis with my dad and swim. And I like to go to the gym there.;Ashley Tisdale;family
Experience taught me that working families are often just one pay check away from economic disaster. And it showed me first-hand the importance of every family having access to good health care.;Dave Obey;family
It's very hard to make arguments about the effects of cloning on family relations if family relations are in tatters.;Leon Kass;family
My family is from the South, and I can remember all those ladies I grew up with, like my great-aunts, who had handkerchiefs. There's something sweet about them.;Laura Linney;family
My kids are the future of the Mayweather family and of the Mayweather brand. I feel our family is stronger if we stay together.;Floyd Mayweather, Jr.;family
I have a really, really, really normal family. And by normal I mean we're all nuts on some level. I think you've gotta be a little nuts to pursue any kind of creative job. I was also a really good kid. I know that sounds really dull, but I didn't rebel in the traditional sense.;Anna Paquin;family
Selfishness, narcissism, being uncomfortable in your own skin, not feeling connected to the world around you, feeling dislocated from family and youth, having a strange relationship with your childhood - all those things feel really true to me.;Jason Reitman;family
I have a family.;Philip Seymour Hoffman;family
The kitchen really is the castle itself. This is where we spend our happiest moments and where we find the joy of being a family.;Mario Batali;family
My humanitarian work evolved from being with my family. My mom, my dad, they really set a great example for giving back. My mom was a nurse, my dad was a school teacher. But my mom did a lot of things for geriatrics and elderly people. She would do home visits for free.;Cat Cora;family
Given my last position, that I was the first U.S attorney post 9/11 in New Jersey, I understand acutely the pain and sorrow and upset of the family members who lost loved ones that day at the hands of radical Muslim extremists. And their sensitivities and concerns have to be taken into account.;Chris Christie;family
It sounds cliche, but success is your friends, your family, what you do, and if you're happy when you wake up.;Michael Pitt;family
I think the Hispanic community, the values that resonate in our community, are fundamentally conservative. They are faith, family, patriotism.;Ted Cruz;family
I contribute my best in my sport and I also have a ton of respect for myself and my family.;Venus Williams;family
One's nativity is not of his own choosing, but whatever it may be, it is entitled to respect and all nations have honorable place in the world's family.;Paul Harris;family
Fame is a lot of pressure, especially when you're responsible for your entire family. Financially, emotionally - everything.;Nick Carter;family
I was the first person to go to university from my family.;Ellie Goulding;family
You should be able to afford health care for your family. You should be able to retire with dignity and respect. And you should be able to give your children the kind of education that allows them to dream even bigger, go even farther and accomplish even more than you could ever imagine.;Cory Booker;family
'I Know You Care' is really personal and fragile for me. For me, it's about losing a family member and also about a breakup. It's about this idea of losing someone for good.;Ellie Goulding;family
Getting and keeping my immunity became very important to me. For I needed to take care of myself and my family. No one else was worried about me.;Monica Lewinsky;family
I was the black sheep of the family, and my mother never really understood me.;Andre Rieu;family
Of course, I will continue to share my favorite Southern recipes, just like my mama, grandmother and family shared with me over the years. And now, I'll be adding a little bit of a lighter touch to some of these wonderful dishes.;Paula Deen;family
What we've tried to do is have neighbors, colleagues, friends and family talking.;David Plouffe;family
Long before we understand ourselves through the process of self-examination, we understand ourselves in a self-evident way in the family, society and state in which we live.;Hans-Georg Gadamer;family
