As much as I value an union of all the states, I would not admit the southern states into the union, unless they agreed to the discontinuance of this disgraceful trade, because it would bring weakness and not strength to the union.;George Mason;strength
I find, in being black, a thing of beauty: a joy a strength a secret cup of gladness.;Ossie Davis;strength
But if our nation goes over a financial Niagara, we won't have much strength and, eventually, we won't have peace. We are currently borrowing the entire defense budget from foreign investors. Within a few years, we will be spending more on interest payments than on national security. That is not, as our military friends say, a 'robust strategy.';Mitch Daniels;strength
If our nation goes over a financial Niagara, we won't have much strength and, eventually, we won't have peace. We are currently borrowing the entire defense budget from foreign investors. Within a few years, we will be spending more on interest payments than on national security. That is not, as our military friends say, a 'robust strategy.';Mitch Daniels;strength
I think of novels in architectural terms. You have to enter at the gate, and this gate must be constructed in such a way that the reader has immediate confidence in the strength of the building.;Ian Mcewan;strength
Without strength and courage it's really hard to perform at the highest levels of international figure skating, because you're alone on the ice and you only have seven minutes over two nights to prove yourself.;Scott Hamilton;strength
Our strength is not just in the size of our defense budget, but in the size of our hearts, in the size of our gratitude for their sacrifice. And that's not just measured in words or gestures.;Jennifer M. Granholm;strength
One cannot weep for the entire world, it is beyond human strength. One must choose.;Jean Anouilh;strength
The men in the steel industry who sacrificed their all were nor merely aiding their fellows at home but were adding strength to the cause of their comrades in all industry.;John L. Lewis;strength
If I could be a third of the woman that my mom is and have a third of the strength that she has, then I will have done good by this life.;Brittany Murphy;strength
I was born on a farm. My strength has nothing to do with political apparatus. I get my strength from nature, from flowers.;Ariel Sharon;strength
My strength never came from political echelons, it came from the family. And from the fields and the lands and the flowers and everything I see there. My strength came from there.;Ariel Sharon;strength
The strength that I have comes from irrigating the citrus plantation, ploughing in the vineyard, guarding the melon fields at night. I believe that's what gave me the strength.;Ariel Sharon;strength
Money doesn't mind if we say it's evil, it goes from strength to strength. It's a fiction, an addiction, and a tacit conspiracy.;Martin Amis;strength
Wisdom is the knowledge of good and evil, not the strength to choose between the two.;John Cheever;strength
We set ourselves limits, but we are all strong enough to aim higher, to achieve our goals. All we have to do is find such strength within ourselves. Know how to develop it.;Alain Robert;strength
Focus on your problem zones, your strength, your energy, your flexibility and all the rest. Maybe your chest is flabby or your hips or waist need toning. Also, you should change your program every thirty days. That's the key.;Jack LaLanne;strength
I was a weedy kid, not like one of those working-class men who can accommodate not being academically clever by physical strength and prowess.;Kenneth Robert Livingstone;strength
If a man or woman has something redone it is because he or she can no longer live with that part of their body, it is no longer bearable. Either they get help and find the strength to fight or they proceed with the act.;Emmanuelle Beart;strength
I can't just react on the strength of an email and three pages of synopsis, and say I'm going to take off for three months of my life.;Emmanuelle Beart;strength
The 'Bird's Nest' National Stadium, which I helped to conceive, is designed to embody the Olympic spirit of 'fair competition.' It tells people that freedom is possible but needs fairness, courage and strength.;Ai Weiwei;strength
Nothing symbolizes American strength and vigor more than another unaccountable Washington bureaucrat.;Michelle Malkin;strength
The first time you hold your baby in your arms, I mean, a sense of strength and love washes over you. It washed over me and I never thought that possible.;Colin Farrell;strength
Courage is sometimes frail as hope is frail: a fragile shoot between two stones that grows brave toward the sun though warmth and brightness fail, striving and faith the only strength it knows.;Frances Rodman;strength
Physical strength in a woman - that's what I am.;Tina Turner;strength
Diversity of thought and culture and religion and ideas has been the strength of America.;Gary Locke;strength
And when I look at my mother, I reflect on her strength and endurance. She's cranky sometimes, but she is lovable and loving. I'd be happy to be there at 86.;Lisa Scottoline;strength
Darts players are probably a lot fitter than most footballers in overall body strength.;Sid Waddell;strength
And, unlike the earlier bombing on the World Trade Center, a major landmark and symbol of the strength of the financial world was, not just damaged but, totally destroyed.;Allen Klein;strength
Faith gives you an inner strength and a sense of balance and perspective in life.;Gregory Peck;strength
They tell me that it will be hard to find a man strong enough to love my own strength and independence, and not worry about being Mr. Diana Ross, but I disagree. I know absolutely that that man is somewhere out there.;Diana Ross;strength
Once more, Never think that you can live to God by your own power or strength but always look to and rely on him for assistance, yea, for all strength and grace.;David Brainerd;strength
Guerrilla wars, and even more so terrorist assaults, are conducted only by forces with insufficient strength to carry out a real war.;Conrad Black;strength
As a chef, I had started working with groups like Share Our Strength and various local food banks in New York, raising money for hunger-related issues. And not only me, but the entire restaurant industry has been very focused on this issue.;Tom Colicchio;strength
I think our strength is this strong relationship we have all together.;Guy Forget;strength
For example, the Prime Minister earlier this year talked about the importance of the Arctic to our future. He's right. A hundred years from now, the strength of Canada is going to be coming from our resources in the Arctic.;Brian Mulroney;strength
I dare say there may be some men and women in the Armed Forces who are so decent that they would say: Give the Iraqi people money, we do not want to be paid back. That is the strength of our country.;Lindsey Graham;strength
Vampires are so old that they don't need to impress anyone anymore. They're comfortable in their own skin. It's this enigmatic strength that's very romantic and old-fashioned. I think it goes back to something of a Victorian attitude of finding a strong man who's going to look after his woman.;Stephen Moyer;strength
Women's strong qualities have become despised because of their weakness. The obvious remedy is to create a feminine character with all the strength of Superman plus all the allure of a good and beautiful woman.;William Moulton Marston;strength
He knows not his own strength who hath not met adversity.;William Samuel Johnson;strength
I'm an activist for gay marriage equality and children's rights. I'm the face of Share Our Strength.;Sandra Lee;strength
An America that inspires hope in its ideals must complement an America that inspires awe in its strength.;Adam Schiff;strength
My husband has quite simply been my strength and stay all these years, and I owe him a debt greater than he would ever claim.;Queen Elizabeth II;strength
I come from hardworking, determined people on both sides of my family... the kind who live with a hard reality from which much strength comes.;Adriana Trigiani;strength
I've never found therapy to be a sign of weakness I've found the opposite to be true. The willingness to have a mirror held up to you definitely requires strength.;Brooke Shields;strength
I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within. It is there all the time.;Anna Freud;strength
Internationalism on the other hand admits that spiritual achievements have their roots deep in national life from this national consciousness art and literature derive their character and strength and on it even many of the humanistic sciences are firmly based.;Christian Lous Lange;strength
Each particular society begins to feel its strength, whence arises a state of war between different nations.;Charles de Secondat;strength
The key element in tragedy is that heroes and heroines are destroyed by that which appears to be their greatest strength.;Robert Shea;strength
I was always trying to make up for my size, to compensate. So to get people to take you seriously, you have to come at things with a great deal of strength. You have to emphasize that the way you are is unusual. That you don't come along every day.;Linda Hunt;strength
My strength is my enthusiasm.;Placido Domingo;strength
We've got to demonstrate why European unity and integration, our vast single market, our single currency, equip us with the strength to embrace globalization.;Peter Mandelson;strength
There is a growing strength in women but it's in the forehead, not the forearm.;Beverly Sills;strength
You can have financial strength, professional strength, emotional strength but for me without spiritual strength none of the rest of it matters.;Star Jones;strength
Women's strength, women's industry, women's wisdom are humankind's greatest untapped resource. The challenge then for U.N. Women is to show our diverse constituencies how this resource can be effectively tapped in ways that benefit us all.;Michelle Bachelet;strength
I've been doing a lot of drama, but I feel like comedy is my strength.;Taraji P. Henson;strength
Well first of all it's a business and it's a tough business, and you have to have the strength to survive all the set backs all the failures that make this a mean business, that's getting meaner and meaner every year in my opinion.;Robert Redford;strength
We can reach our potential, but to do so, we must reach within ourselves. We must summon the strength, the will, and the faith to move forward - to be bold - to invest in our future.;John Hoeven;strength
A man of strength and wisdom, John Paul became an inspiration to generations of both Catholics and non-Catholics throughout the world by encouraging freedom, promoting peace and respecting all faiths.;Greg Walden;strength
The legacy of Steve Jobs and the strength of Steve Jobs is that he established a company that's clearly firing on all cylinders and clicking very well.;Al-Waleed bin Talal;strength
By and large we have got to find the good leaders to work with to make sure that we build the strength in these communities. Simply issuing edicts from Canberra isn't going to solve issues on the APY lands.;Jay Weatherill;strength
Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character.;Arnold Palmer;strength
It was in our power to cause the Arab governments to renounce the policy of strength toward Israel by turning it into a demonstration of weakness.;Moshe Dayan;strength
I have the strength to endure it all.;Moshe Dayan;strength
Who among us has the strength to oppose petty egoism, those petty good feelings, pity and remorse?;Ivan Turgenev;strength
He's an innocent in a lot of ways. He's a very simple person who really doesn't have the resources or the strength, ultimately, to handle the situation.;Jared Leto;strength
What is being talked about now is the probability of the Sharon government launching an attack against Lebanon to eliminate the resistance of Hezbollah by using the American war against Iraq. But, of course, in this case, we will certainly fight with all our strength.;Hassan Nasrallah;strength
I'd try to channel my nervous energy in a positive way into strength and endurance. It didn't always work.;Kristi Yamaguchi;strength
Intensity like signal strength will generally fall off with distance from the source, although it also depends on the local conditions and the pathway from the source to the point.;Charles Francis Richter;strength
I dance but I also work out. I run, do strength training... you name it. I've got to!;Laurieann Gibson;strength
Families are the tie that reminds us of yesterday, provide strength and support today, and give us hope for tomorrow. No government, no matter how well-intentioned, or well-managed, can provide what our families provide.;Bill Owens;strength
We've worked very hard as a band and would like to think we've got this far on the strength of our music.;Caroline Corr;strength
I had a lot of encouragement and tolerance from my parents, but I also have many friends who didn't get that from their parents and in a way they have more strength from spending years where nobody believed in them.;Michel Gondry;strength
I find fault with my children because I like them and I want them to go places - uprightness and strength and courage and civil respect and anything that affects the probabilities of failure on the part of those that are closest to me, that concerns me - I find fault.;Branch Rickey;strength
It's all too easy when talking about female gymnasts to fall into the trap of infantilizing them, spending more time worrying more about female vulnerability than we do celebrating female strength.;Meghan O'Rourke;strength
It was helpful to have the American troops there in great strength. They knew there'd be consequences if they didn't move back. Now, there has been some removal of the foreign forces.;Warren Christopher;strength
There's so much with my character in 'Dredd' that I identify with. She's my favorite character I think I've ever played. She's the most dynamic and fascinating woman that I could even imagine playing, so I love her. What I love about her is that her sensitivity is her greatest strength.;Olivia Thirlby;strength
I feel like it's always about embracing what it is that you think is wrong with you. It's often times your greatest 'flaw' which actually forays into what is also your greatest strength.;Olivia Thirlby;strength
It's really important to share the idea that being different might feel like a problem at the time, but ultimately diversity is a strength.;Carson Kressley;strength
Weight-bearing exercise builds bone density, builds your muscular strength so that you can hold your body up where those bones have a tendency to get weak.;Ann Richards;strength
I believe it's time that women truly owned their superpowers and used their beauty and strength to change the world around them.;Janelle Monae;strength
Somehow I kept my head above water. I relied on the discipline, character, and strength that I had started to develop as that little girl in her first swimming pool.;Esther Williams;strength
Tina Turner is someone that I admire, because she made her strength feminine and sexy.;Beyonce Knowles;strength
It has been my honor to support and work with President Barack Obama, a man who has brought courage and character to the presidency. President Obama's strength of character leads him to do the right thing, even when it isn't the easy thing.;Harry Reid;strength
Unfortunately, there are so many people who live their whole life in a place that is safe and protected and simple and they don't really have that strength inside to fly.;Andrew Shue;strength
The guys I date always want to test my strength and wrestle around. By the end, they're drenched in sweat.;Gina Carano;strength
Girl power is about loving yourself and having confidence and strength from within, so even if you're not wearing a sexy outfit, you feel sexy.;Nicole Scherzinger;strength
I have always had good strength in my legs from working out with weights. I have also been riding a bike of some sort for most of my life and have good agility.;Mark-Paul Gosselaar;strength
If one suffers we all suffer. Togetherness is strength. Courage.;Jean-Bertrand Aristide;strength
Social Security is not just the foundation of America's retirement dignity and security, it ensures the economic stability and strength of our families and our state's economy.;Debbie Stabenow;strength
I get curious about new things. My real strength is going into a field that has not been investigated before, and finding new approaches to it.;Joshua Lederberg;strength
I like strength. I depend on my own.;Shelby Lynne;strength
Superior strength is found in the long run to lie with those who had right on their side.;James Anthony Froude;strength
The very strength of a nation eventually proves to be its weakness.;Paul Harris;strength
The strength of the playing ability is much more important. Only if the strength of the opponent's playing ability is comparable, does the game develop.;Vladimir Kramnik;strength
We work to eat to get the strength to work to eat to get the strength to work to eat to get the strength to work to eat to get the strength to work.;John Dos Passos;strength
I spend around two and half hours on the track every day running and another 2 hours in the weight room lifting weights with my strength coach.;Allyson Felix;strength
It gives one hope, this great strength of Africa.;Stephen Lewis;strength
My strength and my weakness are twins in the same womb.;Marge Piercy;strength
