These are the times that try men's souls.;Thomas Paine;men
I think God made a woman to be strong and not to be trampled under the feet of men. I've always felt this way because my mother was a very strong woman, without a husband.;Little Richard;men
The only really happy folk are married women and single men.;H. L. Mencken;men
When men yield up the privilege of thinking, the last shadow of liberty quits the horizon.;Thomas Paine;men
Men are so simple and yield so readily to the desires of the moment that he who will trick will always find another who will suffer to be tricked.;Niccolo Machiavelli;men
Men show their character in nothing more clearly than what they think laughable.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;men
It is not materialism that is the chief curse of the world, as pastors teach, but idealism. Men get into trouble by taking their visions and hallucinations too seriously.;H. L. Mencken;men
No man has the right to dictate what other men should perceive, create or produce, but all should be encouraged to reveal themselves, their perceptions and emotions, and to build confidence in the creative spirit.;Ansel Adams;men
Men are only as loyal as their options.;Bill Maher;men
I cannot help fearing that men may reach a point where they look on every new theory as a danger, every innovation as a toilsome trouble, every social advance as a first step toward revolution, and that they may absolutely refuse to move at all.;Alexis de Tocqueville;men
Welcome to Lake Wobegon, where all the women are strong, all the men are good-looking, and all the children are above average.;Garrison Keillor;men
All men are tempted. There is no man that lives that can't be broken down, provided it is the right temptation, put in the right spot.;Henry Ward Beecher;men
Men often oppose a thing merely because they have had no agency in planning it, or because it may have been planned by those whom they dislike.;Alexander Hamilton;men
Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little, repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but content themselves with a mediocrity of success.;Dale Carnegie;men
The skilful employer of men will employ the wise man, the brave man, the covetous man, and the stupid man.;Sun Tzu;men
Guys are simple... women are not simple and they always assume that men must be just as complicated as they are, only way more mysterious. The whole point is guys are not thinking much. They are just what they appear to be. Tragically.;Dave Barry;men
Men exist for the sake of one another.;Marcus Aurelius;men
There are men so philosophical that they can see humor in their own toothaches. But there has never lived a man so philosophical that he could see the toothache in his own humor.;H. L. Mencken;men
Self-knowledge comes from knowing other men.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;men
Prosperous farmers mean more employment, more prosperity for the workers and the business men of every industrial area in the whole country.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;men
I'm fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in.;George McGovern;men
All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it.;H. L. Mencken;men
To the person with a firm purpose all men and things are servants.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;men
I don't think feminism, as I understand the definition, implies the rejection of maternal values, nurturing children, caring about the men in your life. That is just nonsense to me.;Hillary Clinton;men
Men who are in earnest are not afraid of consequences.;Marcus Garvey;men
Giving every man a vote has no more made men wise and free than Christianity has made them good.;H. L. Mencken;men
A man is ethical only when life, as such, is sacred to him, that of plants and animals as that of his fellow men, and when he devotes himself helpfully to all life that is in need of help.;Albert Schweitzer;men
If God listened to the prayers of men, all men would quickly have perished: for they are forever praying for evil against one another.;Epicurus;men
Some of my best leading men have been dogs and horses.;Elizabeth Taylor;men
It is in the character of very few men to honor without envy a friend who has prospered.;Aeschylus;men
It is past time for women to take their rightful place, side by side with men, in the rooms where the fates of peoples, where their children's and grandchildren's fates, are decided.;Hillary Clinton;men
It is not history which uses men as a means of achieving - as if it were an individual person - its own ends. History is nothing but the activity of men in pursuit of their ends.;Karl Marx;men
Men do not learn much from the lessons of history and that is the most important of all the lessons of history.;Aldous Huxley;men
What men have called friendship is only a social arrangement, a mutual adjustment of interests, an interchange of services given and received it is, in sum, simply a business from which those involved propose to derive a steady profit for their own self-love.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;men
Capitalism is the astounding belief that the most wickedest of men will do the most wickedest of things for the greatest good of everyone.;John Maynard Keynes;men
What makes a woman beautiful is her loyalty to and her friendships with other women, and her honesty with men.;Vanessa Marcil;men
There are only two kinds of men: the righteous who think they are sinners and the sinners who think they are righteous.;Blaise Pascal;men
Brave men rejoice in adversity, just as brave soldiers triumph in war.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;men
Men have a much better time of it than women. For one thing, they marry later for another thing, they die earlier.;H. L. Mencken;men
Women always excel men in that sort of wisdom which comes from experience. To be a woman is in itself a terrible experience.;H. L. Mencken;men
Women cannot complain about men anymore until they start getting better taste in them.;Bill Maher;men
Heaven and hell suppose two distinct species of men, the good and the bad. But the greatest part of mankind float betwixt vice and virtue.;David Hume;men
What men value in this world is not rights but privileges.;H. L. Mencken;men
When small men attempt great enterprises, they always end by reducing them to the level of their mediocrity.;Napoleon Bonaparte;men
One of the things being in politics has taught me is that men are not a reasoned or reasonable sex.;Margaret Thatcher;men
People who have no hold over their process of thinking are likely to be ruined by liberty of thought. If thought is immature, liberty of thought becomes a method of converting men into animals.;Muhammad Iqbal;men
Lives of great men all remind us, we can make our lives sublime, and, departing, leave behind us, footprints on the sands of time.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;men
If men were angels, no government would be necessary.;James Madison;men
Smart women love smart men more than smart men love smart women.;Natalie Portman;men
God appoints our graces to be nurses to other men's weaknesses.;Henry Ward Beecher;men
There is one kind of robber whom the law does not strike at, and who steals what is most precious to men: time.;Napoleon Bonaparte;men
What is absurd and monstrous about war is that men who have no personal quarrel should be trained to murder one another in cold blood.;Aldous Huxley;men
Men don't care what's on TV. They only care what else is on TV.;Jerry Seinfeld;men
You know when you're young and you see a play in high school, and the guys all have gray in their hair and they're trying to be old men and they have no idea what that's like? It's just that stupid the other way around.;Clint Eastwood;men
Risk is a part of God's game, alike for men and nations.;Warren Buffett;men
I will not attack your doctrines nor your creeds if they accord liberty to me. If they hold thought to be dangerous - if they aver that doubt is a crime, then I attack them one and all, because they enslave the minds of men.;Robert Green Ingersoll;men
You can tell the strength of a nation by the women behind its men.;Benjamin Disraeli;men
Do not share the knowledge with which you have been blessed with everyone in general, as you do with some people in particular and know that there are some men in whom Allah, may He he glorified, has placed hidden secrets, which they are forbidden to reveal.;Ali ibn Abi Talib;men
Men and women of every faith and good people with none at all sincerely strive to do right and lead a purpose-driven life.;Mitt Romney;men
When my mom ran for the Senate, my dad was there for her every step of the way. I can still hear her saying in her beautiful voice, 'Why should women have any less say than men, about the great decisions facing our nation?';Mitt Romney;men
To die for an idea it is unquestionably noble. But how much nobler it would be if men died for ideas that were true!;H. L. Mencken;men
Men must be governed by God or they will be ruled by tyrants.;William Penn;men
You know that being an American is more than a matter of where your parents came from. It is a belief that all men are created free and equal and that everyone deserves an even break.;Harry S. Truman;men
The animals of the world exist for their own reasons. They were not made for humans any more than black people were made for white, or women created for men.;Alice Walker;men
Some men know that a light touch of the tongue, running from a woman's toes to her ears, lingering in the softest way possible in various places in between, given often enough and sincerely enough, would add immeasurably to world peace.;Marianne Williamson;men
Wealthy men can't live in an island that is encircled by poverty. We all breathe the same air. We must give a chance to everyone, at least a basic chance.;Ayrton Senna;men
I've yet to be on a campus where most women weren't worrying about some aspect of combining marriage, children, and a career. I've yet to find one where many men were worrying about the same thing.;Gloria Steinem;men
I have never met anyone who did not support our troops. Sometimes, however, we hear accusations that someone or some group does not support the men and women serving in our Armed Forces. But this is pure demagoguery, and it is intellectually dishonest.;Ron Paul;men
Men cheat for the same reason that dogs lick their balls... because they can.;Kim Cattrall;men
Foolish men imagine that because judgment for an evil thing is delayed, there is no justice but only accident here below. Judgment for an evil thing is many times delayed some day or two, some century or two, but it is sure as life, it is sure as death.;Thomas Carlyle;men
Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet depreciate agitation, are men who want crops without plowing up the ground.;Frederick Douglass;men
Our forces saved the remnants of the Jewish people of Europe for a new life and a new hope in the reborn land of Israel. Along with all men of good will, I salute the young state and wish it well.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;men
There are many men of principle in both parties in America, but there is no party of principle.;Alexis de Tocqueville;men
Great occasions do not make heroes or cowards they simply unveil them to the eyes of men. Silently and imperceptibly, as we wake or sleep, we grow strong or weak and at last some crisis shows what we have become.;Brooke Foss Westcott;men
For evil to flourish, it only requires good men to do nothing.;Simon Wiesenthal;men
When a nation's young men are conservative, its funeral bell is already rung.;Henry Ward Beecher;men
A chief is a man who assumes responsibility. He says 'I was beaten,' he does not say 'My men were beaten.';Antoine de Saint-Exupery;men
Doing nothing is happiness for children and misery for old men.;Victor Hugo;men
It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous.;Aldous Huxley;men
There can never be peace between nations until there is first known that true peace which is within the souls of men.;Black Elk;men
I believe in the brotherhood of all men, but I don't believe in wasting brotherhood on anyone who doesn't want to practice it with me. Brotherhood is a two-way street.;Malcom X;men
Civilized society is perpetually menaced with disintegration through this primary hostility of men towards one another.;Sigmund Freud;men
There is nothing wrong with men possessing riches. The wrong comes when riches possess men.;Billy Graham;men
The only good luck many great men ever had was being born with the ability and determination to overcome bad luck.;Channing Pollock;men
I have been astonished that men could die martyrs for religion - I have shuddered at it. I shudder no more - I could be martyred for my religion - Love is my religion - I could die for that.;John Keats;men
The person who has nothing for which he is willing to fight, nothing which is more important than his own personal safety, is a miserable creature and has no chance of being free unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself.;John Stuart Mill;men
When the sword is once drawn, the passions of men observe no bounds of moderation.;Alexander Hamilton;men
Football is a simple game. Twenty-two men chase a ball for 90 minutes and at the end, the Germans always win.;Gary Lineker;men
Put two or three men in positions of conflicting authority. This will force them to work at loggerheads, allowing you to be the ultimate arbiter.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;men
Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age.;Pope John XXIII;men
I'm a simple man. All I want is enough sleep for two normal men, enough whiskey for three, and enough women for four.;Joel Rosenberg;men
It is funny that men who are supposed to be scientific cannot get themselves to realise the basic principle of physics, that action and reaction are equal and opposite, that when you persecute people you always rouse them to be strong and stronger.;Gertrude Stein;men
Bachelors have consciences, married men have wives.;Samuel Johnson;men
Books are not men and yet they stay alive.;Henry Ward Beecher;men
Men of ill judgment ignore the good that lies within their hands, till they have lost it.;Sophocles;men
We cannot live only for ourselves. A thousand fibers connect us with our fellow men.;Herman Melville;men
Men are more prone to cheating, definitely.;Blu Cantrell;men
Most men pursue pleasure with such breathless haste that they hurry past it.;Soren Kierkegaard;men
So long as men worship the Caesars and Napoleons, Caesars and Napoleons will duly arise and make them miserable.;Aldous Huxley;men
