We gain strength, and courage, and confidence by each experience in which we really stop to look fear in the face... we must do that which we think we cannot.;Eleanor Roosevelt;strength
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.;Friedrich Nietzsche;strength
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.;Helen Keller;strength
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.;John F. Kennedy;strength
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places.;Ernest Hemingway;strength
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.;Winston Churchill;strength
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;strength
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death.;Leonardo da Vinci;strength
Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls the most massive characters are seared with scars.;Khalil Gibran;strength
Only one who devotes himself to a cause with his whole strength and soul can be a true master. For this reason mastery demands all of a person.;Albert Einstein;strength
A mind at peace, a mind centered and not focused on harming others, is stronger than any physical force in the universe.;Wayne Dyer;strength
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power.;Lao Tzu;strength
We can be tired, weary and emotionally distraught, but after spending time alone with God, we find that He injects into our bodies energy, power and strength.;Charles Stanley;strength
Only the weak are cruel. Gentleness can only be expected from the strong.;Leo Buscaglia;strength
Strength of character means the ability to overcome resentment against others, to hide hurt feelings, and to forgive quickly.;Lawrence G. Lovasik;strength
Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;strength
Some of us think holding on makes us strong but sometimes it is letting go.;Hermann Hesse;strength
The world is the great gymnasium where we come to make ourselves strong.;Swami Vivekananda;strength
You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.;Marcus Aurelius;strength
Where there is no struggle, there is no strength.;Oprah Winfrey;strength
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.;Og Mandino;strength
Strength and growth come only through continuous effort and struggle.;Napoleon Hill;strength
Does anybody really think that they didn't get what they had because they didn't have the talent or the strength or the endurance or the commitment?;Nelson Mandela;strength
Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong.;Calvin Coolidge;strength
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.;Plato;strength
Perhaps I am stronger than I think.;Thomas Merton;strength
Don't wish me happiness - I don't expect to be happy it's gotten beyond that, somehow. Wish me courage and strength and a sense of humor - I will need them all.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;strength
As we advance in life it becomes more and more difficult, but in fighting the difficulties the inmost strength of the heart is developed.;Vincent Van Gogh;strength
Stand up to your obstacles and do something about them. You will find that they haven't half the strength you think they have.;Norman Vincent Peale;strength
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity.;Albert Schweitzer;strength
What is exciting is not for one person to be stronger than the other... but for two people to have met their match and yet they are equally as stubborn, as obstinate, as passionate, as crazy as the other.;Barbra Streisand;strength
Life is very interesting... in the end, some of your greatest pains, become your greatest strengths.;Drew Barrymore;strength
Scar tissue is stronger than regular tissue. Realize the strength, move on.;Henry Rollins;strength
Because your own strength is unequal to the task, do not assume that it is beyond the powers of man but if anything is within the powers and province of man, believe that it is within your own compass also.;Marcus Aurelius;strength
A truly strong person does not need the approval of others any more than a lion needs the approval of sheep.;Vernon Howard;strength
Nothing is so strong as gentleness, nothing so gentle as real strength.;Saint Francis de Sales;strength
Don't wait for extraordinary opportunities. Seize common occasions and make them great. Weak men wait for opportunities strong men make them.;Orison Swett Marden;strength
When we long for life without difficulties, remind us that oaks grow strong in contrary winds and diamonds are made under pressure.;Peter Marshall;strength
When adversity strikes, that's when you have to be the most calm. Take a step back, stay strong, stay grounded and press on.;LL Cool J;strength
In all my perplexities and distresses, the Bible has never failed to give me light and strength.;Robert E. Lee;strength
Only the gentle are ever really strong.;James Dean;strength
Rudeness is a weak imitation of strength.;Eric Hoffer;strength
If your determination is fixed, I do not counsel you to despair. Few things are impossible to diligence and skill. Great works are performed not by strength, but perseverance.;Samuel Johnson;strength
Anxiety does not empty tomorrow of its sorrows, but only empties today of its strength.;Charles Spurgeon;strength
There are dark shadows on the earth, but its lights are stronger in the contrast.;Charles Dickens;strength
There are two ways of exerting one's strength: one is pushing down, the other is pulling up.;Booker T. Washington;strength
A single twig breaks, but the bundle of twigs is strong.;Tecumseh;strength
The strong man is the one who is able to intercept at will the communication between the senses and the mind.;Napoleon Bonaparte;strength
The days of our lives, for all of us, are numbered. We know that. And yes, there are certainly times when we aren't able to muster as much strength and patience as we would like. It's called being human.;Elizabeth Edwards;strength
Strength is the capacity to break a chocolate bar into four pieces with your bare hands - and then eat just one of the pieces.;Judith Viorst;strength
I think I was born strong-willed. That's not the kind of thing you can learn. The advantage is, you stick to what you believe in and rarely get pushed out of what you want to do.;Joan Jett;strength
Only by contending with challenges that seem to be beyond your strength to handle at the moment you can grow more surely toward the stars.;Brian Tracy;strength
Insincerity is always weakness sincerity even in error is strength.;George Henry Lewes;strength
I learned that it is the weak who are cruel, and that gentleness is to be expected only from the strong.;Leo Rosten;strength
A strong woman is a woman determined to do something others are determined not be done.;Marge Piercy;strength
When I use my strength in the service of my vision it makes no difference whether or not I am afraid.;Audre Lorde;strength
Sometimes your disappointments make you a stronger person for the future.;Blanka Vlasic;strength
Life only demands from you the strength that you possess. Only one feat is possible not to run away.;Dag Hammarskjold;strength
What is important is to believe in something so strongly that you're never discouraged.;Salma Hayek;strength
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.;Lao Tzu;strength
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.;Mother Teresa;strength
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.;Eleanor Roosevelt;strength
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.';Eleanor Roosevelt;strength
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.;Harriet Tubman;strength
My attitude is that if you push me towards something that you think is a weakness, then I will turn that perceived weakness into a strength.;Michael Jordan;strength
I hope we shall crush in its birth the aristocracy of our monied corporations which dare already to challenge our government to a trial by strength, and bid defiance to the laws of our country.;Thomas Jefferson;strength
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will.;Vince Lombardi;strength
When you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light, for your life, for your strength. Give thanks for your food and for the joy of living. If you see no reason to give thanks, the fault lies in yourself.;Tecumseh;strength
I, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels my strength, who makes enormous demands on me, who does not doubt my courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naive or innocent, who has the courage to treat me like a woman.;Anais Nin;strength
One strength of the communist system of the East is that it has some of the character of a religion and inspires the emotions of a religion.;Albert Einstein;strength
Women are like teabags. We don't know our true strength until we are in hot water!;Eleanor Roosevelt;strength
That though the radiance which was once so bright be now forever taken from my sight. Though nothing can bring back the hour of splendor in the grass, glory in the flower. We will grieve not, rather find strength in what remains behind.;William Wordsworth;strength
Faith is the strength by which a shattered world shall emerge into the light.;Helen Keller;strength
It is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength.;Maya Angelou;strength
Silence is a source of great strength.;Lao Tzu;strength
The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire the size of your dream and how you handle disappointment along the way.;Robert Kiyosaki;strength
God, our Creator, has stored within our minds and personalities, great potential strength and ability. Prayer helps us tap and develop these powers.;Abdul Kalam;strength
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.;Mahatma Gandhi;strength
Patience and time do more than strength or passion.;Jean de La Fontaine;strength
Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow. It empties today of its strength.;Corrie Ten Boom;strength
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.;Thomas Paine;strength
The tax on capital gains directly affects investment decisions, the mobility and flow of risk capital... the ease or difficulty experienced by new ventures in obtaining capital, and thereby the strength and potential for growth in the economy.;John F. Kennedy;strength
Women may fall when there's no strength in men.;William Shakespeare;strength
Do you really think it is weakness that yields to temptation? I tell you that there are terrible temptations which it requires strength, strength and courage to yield to.;Oscar Wilde;strength
I look forward to a great future for America - a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose.;John F. Kennedy;strength
It is my own firm belief that the strength of the soul grows in proportion as you subdue the flesh.;Mahatma Gandhi;strength
When restraint and courtesy are added to strength, the latter becomes irresistible.;Mahatma Gandhi;strength
The strength of a nation derives from the integrity of the home.;Confucius;strength
Love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well.;Vincent Van Gogh;strength
Climbing to the top demands strength, whether it is to the top of Mount Everest or to the top of your career.;Abdul Kalam;strength
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.;George Orwell;strength
We gain the strength of the temptation we resist.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;strength
It is cruel, you know, that music should be so beautiful. It has the beauty of loneliness of pain: of strength and freedom. The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love. The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony.;Benjamin Britten;strength
We acquire the strength we have overcome.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;strength
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul.;John Muir;strength
Simulated disorder postulates perfect discipline simulated fear postulates courage simulated weakness postulates strength.;Lao Tzu;strength
A strong man doesn't have to be dominant toward a woman. He doesn't match his strength against a woman weak with love for him. He matches it against the world.;Marilyn Monroe;strength
A nation that destroys its soils destroys itself. Forests are the lungs of our land, purifying the air and giving fresh strength to our people.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;strength
The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection.;Thomas Paine;strength
