I come from that society and there is a common thread, specifically family values - the idea that you do anything for your family, and the unconditional love for one's children.;Ednita Nazario;love
When women love us, they forgive us everything, even our crimes when they do not love us, they give us credit for nothing, not even our virtues.;Honore de Balzac;love
Anger and jealousy can no more bear to lose sight of their objects than love.;George Eliot;love
Love conquers all things except poverty and toothache.;Mae West;love
We always deceive ourselves twice about the people we love - first to their advantage, then to their disadvantage.;Albert Camus;love
Let love flow so that it cleanses the world. Then man can live in peace, instead of the state of turmoil he has created through his past ways of life, with all those material interests and earthly ambitions.;Sai Baba;love
The reason men oppose progress is not that they hate progress, but that they love inertia.;Elbert Hubbard;love
Love, we say, is life but love without hope and faith is agonizing death.;Elbert Hubbard;love
Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love.;Francis of Assisi;love
You don't have to be singing about love all the time in order to give love to the people. You don't have to keep flashing those words all the time.;Jimi Hendrix;love
Don't forget to love yourself.;Soren Kierkegaard;love
We are never so defensless against suffering as when we love.;Sigmund Freud;love
All women have a perception much more developed than men. So all women somehow, being repressed for so many millennia, they ended up by developing this sixth sense and contemplation and love. And this is something that we have a hard time to accept as part of our society.;Paulo Coelho;love
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love there's only scarcity of resolve to make it happen.;Wayne Dyer;love
It's not an act. I love it. It's totally original. People go, 'What's going on with this guy? Why does he sound so weird? What is going on in his brain. I don't know. Just one day I suddenly woke up with a new brain.;Charlie Sheen;love
Never make your home in a place. Make a home for yourself inside your own head. You'll find what you need to furnish it - memory, friends you can trust, love of learning, and other such things. That way it will go with you wherever you journey.;Tad Williams;love
If I love you, what business is it of yours?;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;love
I often try to tell kids to think about all the people who love you, don't cry over the one person who doesn't.;Bill Cosby;love
When you have really exhausted an experience you always reverence and love it.;Albert Camus;love
Where there is great love, there are always wishes.;Willa Cather;love
Sex without love is merely healthy exercise.;Robert A. Heinlein;love
It's funny the way most people love the dead. Once you are dead, you are made for life.;Jimi Hendrix;love
We need to teach the next generation of children from day one that they are responsible for their lives. Mankind's greatest gift, also its greatest curse, is that we have free choice. We can make our choices built from love or from fear.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;love
Love always creates, it never destroys. In this lie's man's only promise.;Leo Buscaglia;love
Animals are reliable, many full of love, true in their affections, predictable in their actions, grateful and loyal. Difficult standards for people to live up to.;Alfred A. Montapert;love
Love may be or it may not, but where it is, it ought to reveal itself in its immensity.;Honore de Balzac;love
I love to go to Washington - if only to be near my money.;Bob Hope;love
May you live as long as you wish and love as long as you live.;Robert A. Heinlein;love
To keep your marriage brimming, With love in the loving cup, Whenever you're wrong, admit it Whenever you're right, shut up.;Ogden Nash;love
The Eskimos had fifty-two names for snow because it was important to them: there ought to be as many for love.;Margaret Atwood;love
We, the People, recognize that we have responsibilities as well as rights that our destinies are bound together that a freedom which only asks what's in it for me, a freedom without a commitment to others, a freedom without love or charity or duty or patriotism, is unworthy of our founding ideals, and those who died in their defense.;Barack Obama;love
Man is an idea, and a precious small idea once he turns his back on love.;Albert Camus;love
The desire for possession is insatiable, to such a point that it can survive even love itself. To love, therefore, is to sterilize the person one loves.;Albert Camus;love
One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, indignation and compassion.;Simone de Beauvoir;love
I am certainly not an authority on love because there are no authorities on love, just those who've had luck with it and those who haven't.;Bill Cosby;love
To abandon oneself to principles is really to die - and to die for an impossible love which is the contrary of love.;Albert Camus;love
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.;Jane Austen;love
Humanity I love you because when you're hard up you pawn your intelligence to buy a drink.;e. e. cummings;love
I do not deny that I planned sabotage. I did not plan it in a spirit of recklessness nor because I have any love of violence. I planned it as a result of a calm and sober assessment of the political situation that had arisen after many years of tyranny, exploitation and oppression of my people by the whites.;Nelson Mandela;love
Give a child love, laughter and peace, not AIDS.;Nelson Mandela;love
A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning.;Brad Henry;love
In the silence of night I have often wished for just a few words of love from one man, rather than the applause of thousands of people.;Judy Garland;love
Music is love, love is music, music is life, and I love my life. Thank you and good night.;A. J. McLean;love
The ultimate lesson all of us have to learn is unconditional love, which includes not only others but ourselves as well.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;love
Love isn't an emotion or an instinct - it's an art.;Mae West;love
My parents shared not only an improbable love, they shared an abiding faith in the possibilities of this nation. They would give me an African name, Barack, or blessed, believing that in a tolerant America your name is no barrier to success.;Barack Obama;love
Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage.;Ambrose Bierce;love
Hate is only a form love that hasn't found a way to express itself logically.;Lil Wayne;love
I met in the street a very poor young man who was in love. His hat was old, his coat worn, his cloak was out at the elbows, the water passed through his shoes, - and the stars through his soul.;Victor Hugo;love
Enlightened leadership is spiritual if we understand spirituality not as some kind of religious dogma or ideology but as the domain of awareness where we experience values like truth, goodness, beauty, love and compassion, and also intuition, creativity, insight and focused attention.;Deepak Chopra;love
No one is a friend to his friend who does not love in return.;Plato;love
True love comes quietly, without banners or flashing lights. If you hear bells, get your ears checked.;Erich Segal;love
It is not love that should be depicted as blind, but self-love.;Voltaire;love
Nothing can bring a real sense of security into the home except true love.;Billy Graham;love
I will not be just a tourist in the world of images, just watching images passing by which I cannot live in, make love to, possess as permanent sources of joy and ecstasy.;Anais Nin;love
I love to think of nature as an unlimited broadcasting station, through which God speaks to us every hour, if we will only tune in.;George Washington Carver;love
I like America, just as everybody else does. I love America, I gotta say that. But America will be judged.;Bob Dylan;love
May we not succumb to thoughts of violence and revenge today, but rather to thoughts of mercy and compassion. We are to love our enemies that they might be returned to their right minds.;Marianne Williamson;love
For true love is inexhaustible the more you give, the more you have. And if you go to draw at the true fountainhead, the more water you draw, the more abundant is its flow.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;love
We're not raising children with the love that we need to.;Bill Cosby;love
There is something in the unselfish and self-sacrificing love of a brute, which goes directly to the heart of him who has had frequent occasion to test the paltry friendship and gossamer fidelity of mere Man.;Edgar Allan Poe;love
What I needed most was to love and to be loved, eager to be caught. Happily I wrapped those painful bonds around me and sure enough, I would be lashed with the red-hot pokers or jealousy, by suspicions and fear, by burst of anger and quarrels.;Saint Augustine;love
Love is the ultimate theme, but it's not just for women.;Will Smith;love
It is impossible to love and to be wise.;Francis Bacon;love
My number one goal is to love, support and be there for my son.;Farrah Fawcett;love
Food, love, career, and mothers, the four major guilt groups.;Cathy Guisewite;love
There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child.;Henry Ward Beecher;love
I never knew how to worship until I knew how to love.;Henry Ward Beecher;love
The essential elements of giving are power and love - activity and affection - and the consciousness of the race testifies that in the high and appropriate exercise of these is a blessedness greater than any other.;Mark Hopkins;love
I love being black in America, and especially being black in Hollywood.;Will Smith;love
Love seeks one thing only: the good of the one loved. It leaves all the other secondary effects to take care of themselves. Love, therefore, is its own reward.;Thomas Merton;love
There is only one secure foundation: a genuine, deep relationship with Jesus Christ, which will carry you through any and all turmoil. No matter what storms are raging all around, you'll stand firm if you stand on His love.;Charles Stanley;love
If you love someone, you say it, right then, out loud. Otherwise, the moment just passes you by.;Julia Roberts;love
It's tangible, it's solid, it's beautiful. It's artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate.;Donald Trump;love
Love can consign us to hell or to paradise, but it always takes us somewhere.;Paulo Coelho;love
If you find someone you love in your life, then hang on to that love.;Princess Diana;love
Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough.;Garrison Keillor;love
Those who intend on becoming great should love neither themselves nor their own things, but only what is just, whether it happens to be done by themselves or others.;Plato;love
Disneyland is a work of love. We didn't go into Disneyland just with the idea of making money.;Walt Disney;love
I love it when someone insults me. That means that I don't have to be nice anymore.;Billy Idol;love
Any fool knows that bravado is always a cover-up for insecurity. That's the truth. And on that note, I'll say goodnight. God love you.;Bobby Darin;love
Look your best - who said love is blind?;Mae West;love
The greatest pleasure of life is love.;Euripides;love
Love implies anger. The man who is angered by nothing cares about nothing.;Edward Abbey;love
Believe in love. Believe in magic. Hell, believe in Santa Clause. Believe in others. Believe in yourself. Believe in your dreams. If you don't, who will?;Jon Bon Jovi;love
I love producing. I am loving doing that. I think that is my most natural space in the business. I just love producing or editing and that's where I thrive.;Will Smith;love
I believe in an America where millions of Americans believe in an America that's the America millions of Americans believe in. That's the America I love.;Mitt Romney;love
Girls we love for what they are young men for what they promise to be.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;love
I love women, but I feel like you can't trust some of them. Some of them are liars, you know? Like I was in the park and I met this girl, she was cute and she had a dog. And I went up to her, we started talking. She told me her dog's name. Then I said, 'Does he bite?' She said, 'No.' And I said, 'Oh yeah? Then how does he eat?' Liar.;Demetri Martin;love
If having a soul means being able to feel love and loyalty and gratitude, then animals are better off than a lot of humans.;James Herriot;love
There are more love songs than anything else. If songs could make you do something we'd all love one another.;Frank Zappa;love
Americans love to fight. All real Americans love the sting of battle.;George S. Patton;love
Love feels no burden, thinks nothing of trouble, attempts what is above its strength, pleads no excuse of impossibility for it thinks all things lawful for itself, and all things possible.;Thomas a Kempis;love
Young love is a flame very pretty, often very hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. The love of the older and disciplined heart is as coals, deep-burning, unquenchable.;Henry Ward Beecher;love
I'm in trouble because I'm normal and slightly arrogant. A lot of people don't like themselves and I happen to be totally in love with myself.;Mike Tyson;love
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.;Bertrand Russell;love
What I know is, is that if you do work that you love, and the work fulfills you, the rest will come.;Oprah Winfrey;love
Some white people hate black people, and some white people love black people, some black people hate white people, and some black people love white people. So you see it's not an issue of black and white, it's an issue of Lovers and Haters.;Eden Ahbez;love
I love romance. I'm a sucker for it. I love it so much. It's pathetic.;Drew Barrymore;love
