We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.;Orson Welles;alone
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.;Audrey Hepburn;alone
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.;Swami Vivekananda;alone
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.;Helen Keller;alone
Before the throne of the Almighty, man will be judged not by his acts but by his intentions. For God alone reads our hearts.;Mahatma Gandhi;alone
It's better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone - so far.;Marilyn Monroe;alone
Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another.;Thomas Merton;alone
Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. Genius will not unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not the world is full of educated failures. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent.;Calvin Coolidge;alone
I may climb perhaps to no great heights, but I will climb alone.;Cyrano de Bergerac;alone
What we have done for ourselves alone dies with us what we have done for others and the world remains and is immortal.;Albert Pike;alone
I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do. I am free, no matter what rules surround me. If I find them tolerable, I tolerate them if I find them too obnoxious, I break them. I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do.;Robert A. Heinlein;alone
We can be tired, weary and emotionally distraught, but after spending time alone with God, we find that He injects into our bodies energy, power and strength.;Charles Stanley;alone
Every government degenerates when trusted to the rulers of the people alone. The people themselves are its only safe depositories.;Thomas Jefferson;alone
It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself.;Thomas Jefferson;alone
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be.;Anne Frank;alone
The hours I spend with you I look upon as sort of a perfumed garden, a dim twilight, and a fountain singing to it. You and you alone make me feel that I am alive. Other men it is said have seen angels, but I have seen thee and thou art enough.;George Edward Moore;alone
Our Lord has written the promise of resurrection, not in books alone, but in every leaf in springtime.;Martin Luther;alone
I think this is the most extraordinary collection of talent, of human knowledge, that has ever been gathered at the White House - with the possible exception of when Thomas Jefferson dined alone.;John F. Kennedy;alone
One travels more usefully when alone, because he reflects more.;Thomas Jefferson;alone
Always vote for principle, though you may vote alone, and you may cherish the sweetest reflection that your vote is never lost.;John Quincy Adams;alone
Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her: but once they are in hand, he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game.;Voltaire;alone
Justice cannot be for one side alone, but must be for both.;Eleanor Roosevelt;alone
It is better to be alone than in bad company.;George Washington;alone
Perhaps I know best why it is man alone who laughs he alone suffers so deeply that he had to invent laughter.;Friedrich Nietzsche;alone
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;alone
A man is rich in proportion to the number of things he can afford to let alone.;Henry David Thoreau;alone
To Follow by faith alone is to follow blindly.;Benjamin Franklin;alone
You are capable of more than you know. Choose a goal that seems right for you and strive to be the best, however hard the path. Aim high. Behave honorably. Prepare to be alone at times, and to endure failure. Persist! The world needs all you can give.;E. O. Wilson;alone
You can get help from teachers, but you are going to have to learn a lot by yourself, sitting alone in a room.;Dr. Seuss;alone
Unconditional war can no longer lead to unconditional victory. It can no longer serve to settle disputes... can no longer be of concern to great powers alone.;John F. Kennedy;alone
Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company.;Booker T. Washington;alone
Virtue is not left to stand alone. He who practices it will have neighbors.;Confucius;alone
An artist is always alone - if he is an artist. No, what the artist needs is loneliness.;Henry Miller;alone
The man who goes alone can start today but he who travels with another must wait till that other is ready.;Henry David Thoreau;alone
Being solitary is being alone well: being alone luxuriously immersed in doings of your own choice, aware of the fullness of your won presence rather than of the absence of others. Because solitude is an achievement.;Alice Koller;alone
I have noticed... that men usually leave married women alone and are inclined to treat all wives with respect. This is no great credit to married women.;Marilyn Monroe;alone
I am alone I am always alone no matter what.;Marilyn Monroe;alone
Some of my foster families used to send me to the movies to get me out of the house and there I'd sit all day and way into the night. Up in front, there with the screen so big, a little kid all alone, and I loved it. I loved anything that moved up there and I didn't miss anything that happened and there was no popcorn either.;Marilyn Monroe;alone
A woman can't be alone. She needs a man. A man and a woman support and strengthen each other. She just can't do it by herself.;Marilyn Monroe;alone
I used to think as I looked out on the Hollywood night, 'There must be thousands of girls sitting alone like me dreaming of being a movie star.' But I'm not going to worry about them. I'm dreaming the hardest.;Marilyn Monroe;alone
Reason is not automatic. Those who deny it cannot be conquered by it. Do not count on them. Leave them alone.;Ayn Rand;alone
The doer alone learneth.;Friedrich Nietzsche;alone
God writes the Gospel not in the Bible alone, but also on trees, and in the flowers and clouds and stars.;Martin Luther;alone
There is danger that we lose sight of what our friend is absolutely, while considering what she is to us alone.;Henry David Thoreau;alone
No face which we can give to a matter will stead us so well at last as the truth. This alone wears well.;Henry David Thoreau;alone
I alone of English writers have consciously set myself to make music out of what I may call the sound of sense.;Robert Frost;alone
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.;George Washington;alone
Being a child at home alone in the summer is a high-risk occupation. If you call your mother at work thirteen times an hour, she can hurt you.;Erma Bombeck;alone
Ah, mon cher, for anyone who is alone, without God and without a master, the weight of days is dreadful.;Albert Camus;alone
Without a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold.;Andre Maurois;alone
Often we can help each other most by leaving each other alone at other times we need the hand-grasp and the word of cheer.;Elbert Hubbard;alone
Grant that I may not pray alone with the mouth help me that I may pray from the depths of my heart.;Martin Luther;alone
The time you spend alone with God will transform your character and increase your devotion. Then your integrity and godly behavior in an unbelieving world will make others long to know the Lord.;Charles Stanley;alone
When you are a mother, you are never really alone in your thoughts. A mother always has to think twice, once for herself and once for her child.;Sophia Loren;alone
Saving faith is an immediate relation to Christ, accepting, receiving, resting upon Him alone, for justification, sanctification, and eternal life by virtue of God's grace.;Charles Spurgeon;alone
This is the highest wisdom that I own freedom and life are earned by those alone who conquer them each day anew.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;alone
Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences.;Plato;alone
Man, alone, has the power to transform his thoughts into physical reality man, alone, can dream and make his dreams come true.;Napoleon Hill;alone
Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal.;Arthur Schopenhauer;alone
Fashion is always of the time in which you live. It is not something standing alone. But the grand problem, the most important problem, is to rejeuvenate women. To make women look young. Then their outlook changes. They feel more joyous.;Coco Chanel;alone
Time, which alone makes the reputation of men, ends by making their defects respectable.;Voltaire;alone
Leadership is the other side of the coin of loneliness, and he who is a leader must always act alone. And acting alone, accept everything alone.;Ferdinand Marcos;alone
Blood alone moves the wheels of history.;Martin Luther;alone
What is uttered from the heart alone, Will win the hearts of others to your own.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;alone
You are never so alone as when you are ill on stage. The most nightmarish feeling in the world is suddenly to feel like throwing up in front of four thousand people.;Judy Garland;alone
I mean, I've always been a libertarian. Leave everybody alone. Let everybody else do what they want. Just stay out of everybody else's hair.;Clint Eastwood;alone
Everything great in the world comes from neurotics. They alone have founded our religions and composed our masterpieces.;Marcel Proust;alone
The artist alone sees spirits. But after he has told of their appearing to him, everybody sees them.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;alone
Man is a creature who lives not upon bread alone, but primarily by catchwords.;Robert Louis Stevenson;alone
Nothing else so destroys the power to stand alone as the habit of leaning upon others. If you lean, you will never be strong or original. Stand alone or bury your ambition to be somebody in the world.;Orison Swett Marden;alone
You that would judge me, do not judge alone this book or that, come to this hallowed place where my friends' portraits hang and look thereon Ireland's history in their lineaments trace think where man's glory most begins and ends and say my glory was I had such friends.;William Butler Yeats;alone
Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.;Anthony Burgess;alone
I like video games, but they are very violent. I want to create a video game in which you have to help all the characters who have died in the other games. 'Hey, man, what are you playing?' 'Super Busy Hospital. Could you leave me alone? I'm performing surgery! This guy got shot in the head, like, 27 times!';Demetri Martin;alone
We are not weak if we make a proper use of those means which the God of Nature has placed in our power... the battle, sir, is not to the strong alone it is to the vigilant, the active, the brave.;Patrick Henry;alone
Even though I love solar and love wind, like most people do, I like the renewable sources, they alone are not going to get America energy independent.;Mitt Romney;alone
There are two types of poor people, those who are poor together and those who are poor alone. The first are the true poor, the others are rich people out of luck.;Jean-Paul Sartre;alone
Your most precious, valued possessions and your greatest powers are invisible and intangible. No one can take them. You, and you alone, can give them. You will receive abundance for your giving.;W. Clement Stone;alone
I like the idea of being alone. I like the idea of often being alone in all aspects of my life. I like to feel lonely. I like to need things.;Robert Plant;alone
It seems that when you have cancer you are a brave battler against the disease, but when you have Alzheimer's you are an old fart. That's how people see you. It makes you feel quite alone.;Terry Pratchett;alone
People used what they called a telephone because they hated being close together and they were scared of being alone.;Chuck Palahniuk;alone
Jealousy is no more than feeling alone against smiling enemies.;Elizabeth Bowen;alone
Too many Christians have a commitment of convenience. They'll stay faithful as long as it's safe and doesn't involve risk, rejection, or criticism. Instead of standing alone in the face of challenge or temptation, they check to see which way their friends are going.;Charles Stanley;alone
If those committed to the quest fail, they will be forgiven. When lost, they will find another way. The moral imperative of humanism is the endeavor alone, whether successful or not, provided the effort is honorable and failure memorable.;E. O. Wilson;alone
Faith, mighty faith, the promise sees, And looks to God alone Laughs at impossibilities, And cries it shall be done.;Charles Wesley;alone
Our language has wisely sensed the two sides of being alone. It has created the word loneliness to express the pain of being alone. And it has created the word solitude to express the glory of being alone.;Paul Tillich;alone
Better mad with the rest of the world than wise alone.;Baltasar Gracian;alone
I do not believe that sheer suffering teaches. If suffering alone taught, all the world would be wise, since everyone suffers. To suffering must be added mourning, understanding, patience, love, openness and the willingness to remain vulnerable.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;alone
Love alone is capable of uniting living beings in such a way as to complete and fulfill them, for it alone takes them and joins them by what is deepest in themselves.;Pierre Teilhard de Chardin;alone
It is in moments of illness that we are compelled to recognize that we live not alone but chained to a creature of a different kingdom, whole worlds apart, who has no knowledge of us and by whom it is impossible to make ourselves understood: our body.;Marcel Proust;alone
The more decisions that you are forced to make alone, the more you are aware of your freedom to choose.;Thornton Wilder;alone
Communication is a continual balancing act, juggling the conflicting needs for intimacy and independence. To survive in the world, we have to act in concert with others, but to survive as ourselves, rather than simply as cogs in a wheel, we have to act alone.;Deborah Tannen;alone
I don't think I could live without hair, makeup and styling, let alone be the performer I am. I am a glamour girl through and through. I believe in the glamorous life and I live one.;Lady Gaga;alone
Wisdom is not wisdom when it is derived from books alone.;Horace;alone
No employer today is independent of those about him. He cannot succeed alone, no matter how great his ability or capital. Business today is more than ever a question of cooperation.;Orison Swett Marden;alone
Just as a cautious businessman avoids investing all his capital in one concern, so wisdom would probably admonish us also not to anticipate all our happiness from one quarter alone.;Sigmund Freud;alone
Loneliness expresses the pain of being alone and solitude expresses the glory of being alone.;Paul Tillich;alone
None of us will ever accomplish anything excellent or commanding except when he listens to this whisper which is heard by him alone.;Thomas Carlyle;alone
In all history there is no war which was not hatched by the governments, the governments alone, independent of the interests of the people, to whom war is always pernicious even when successful.;Leo Tolstoy;alone
This, then, is the test we must set for ourselves not to march alone but to march in such a way that others will wish to join us.;Hubert H. Humphrey;alone
