But now Americans, they felt a sense of peace and protection because they've been separated by so many thousands of miles of ocean. And you know, the fact that it's come to the U.S. like this is so sad, and yet you know, what can you do? It's here.;Patty Hearst;sad
President Bush spent last night calling world leaders to support the war with Iraq and it is sad when the most powerful man on earth is yelling, 'I know you're there, pick up, pick up.;Craig Kilborn;sad
Deep down, I reckon the sweetest moment will come when it's finally all over. When, at last, I know that I can stop fighting. Of course it'll also be a little sad. The sweetest moments, y'know, always come with just a little sadness.;Evander Holyfield;sad
I have a stepladder. It's a very nice stepladder but it's sad that I never knew my real ladder.;Craig Charles;sad
I've never met a woman who thinks they've got a good enough figure - however perfect they look - which is sad, because no one else can see these perceived flaws they're entirely internal.;L'Wren Scott;sad
So far, at least, I haven't found a way to tell my kind of stories without making them both sad and funny.;Todd Solondz;sad
The sad thing about any business I suppose, but in mine you see it particularly, is that you're always asked to do what you've already done.;Jeremy Irons;sad
And for some reason, when I'm sad, I do listen to Leonard Cohen, I do listen to Joni Mitchell. I do find myself going to the music that's actually reflecting my mood, as opposed to sticking on Motown, which might actually bring my mood up.;Glen Hansard;sad
It's sad that we have become so accustomed to bad service that we're shocked when we get good service.;Neil Cavuto;sad
It's sad when girls think they don't have anything going on except being pretty.;Keri Russell;sad
It's sad that people listen to music and decide how the singer should look.;Joss Stone;sad
But I now entered on my fifteenth year - a sad epoch in the life of a slave girl. My master began to whisper foul words in my ear. Young as I was, I could not remain ignorant of their import.;Harriet Ann Jacobs;sad
Wrap parties can be really sad, actually, disorienting.;Josh Lucas;sad
My father comes from a generation of film that actors my age don't even know about, which is really sad.;Amber Tamblyn;sad
The waltz can be sad and at the same time uplifting. You have to see life from both sides, and the waltz encapsulates that. If you're in my audience you give yourself to me and the waltz will grab you.;Andre Rieu;sad
I just want real reactions. I want people to laugh from the gut, be sad from the gut - or get angry from the gut.;Andy Kaufman;sad
Our family has gone through a very difficult time. My husband and I have taken the brunt of it. I've never known what it truly felt like to be so sad and desperate inside.;Tracey Gold;sad
I am co-writing a screenplay now and I'm working on the rights to another story I want to do. So I plan to produce and direct. So, for me, I don't really feel that I am vulnerable to that sad baggage that comes with the business of filmmaking.;Kerry Washington;sad
Was there ever such stuff as great as part of Shakespeare? Only one must not say so! But what think you? - What? - Is there not sad stuff? What? - What?;George III;sad
To be a character who feels a deep emotion, one must go into the memory's vault and mix in a sad memory from one's own life.;Albert Finney;sad
I wrote the song For A Dancer for a friend of mine who died in a fire. He was in the sauna in a house that burned down, so he had no idea anything was going on. It was very sad.;Jackson Browne;sad
Someone once accused me of being like Eliot Ness. I sad no sir, I'm not E.N., but I can promise you that I'm not Al Capone!;Robert Stack;sad
I look at my people, and I look at those who control them - the political elite. And the sad thing is that the elites are just not interested in the welfare of the people.;Youssou N'Dour;sad
I so desperately hate to end these movies that the first thing I do when I'm done is write another one. Then I don't feel sad about having to leave and everybody going away.;John Hughes;sad
I mean, the unfair treatment of women and black people and Indians and other groups, that's real. Mistreatment of other people because 'I'm better than you are' is such a sad part of the world.;Melissa Leo;sad
Lately, I've been a little sad that I'm not a gay man.;Gina Gershon;sad
Football is a sad game.;George Best;sad
'Vegas' was something very close to me. I had such a blast doing that. I'm still a little upset that we never really got to shoot that final episode. So many people were invested in it. I'll always be sad about that.;Josh Duhamel;sad
I mean, that's a sad day in America when you're recalled because you did what you said you were going to do, and the public voted you in to do that.;Russell Pearce;sad
Elaine is just in pain. I think Elaine has become very, very sad woman. She is someone who is in deep need of many hours of analysis and I like to think that I'm not that type of person.;Julia Louis-Dreyfus;sad
With out art, without communicating, we wouldn't live beyond 30 because we'd be so sad and depressed.;Wayne Coyne;sad
I don't know how the poor farmers deal with such situations in real life. It's really sad.;Sanjay Dutt;sad
I love playing football, being out on the pitch with a ball, and I will be a little sad when that ends.;Dennis Bergkamp;sad
You've got a beautiful country with so many beautiful people and so many beautiful things happening and stuff like that lets it down. I feel sad for them.;Robbie Williams;sad
There are a lot of people who consider themselves 'spiritual,' but that can mean a lot of things to a lot of people. I don't really talk about it that often, because there's too much talk in the world. Especially with Christians, there's more proselytizing than there is actual living proof of it. That's kind of sad.;Zachary Levi;sad
It's pretty sad when you have to choose between the lesser of two evils.;Meg White;sad
It's a sad commentary when I have to say that sometimes in our country we are real sensitive to race.;Oscar Robertson;sad
I know for works for me - those wonderful sad love songs.;Toni Braxton;sad
It's really sad looking at people like Lindsay Lohan. She's an amazing actress, but you see what happens when people know too much about your personal life. They start not being able to look at you the same way professionally. I don't want that to happen to me.;Dianna Agron;sad
If you have a friend or family member with breast cancer, try not to look at her with 'sad eyes.' Treat her like you always did just show a little extra love.;Hoda Kotb;sad
If you're lucky like me, your relationship with your brother has resolved itself on the peaceful side of the fence and has stayed there. But if you're someone who's got a family that's all fractured and finding it hard to relate, that's a very sad place to be.;Tom Hardy;sad
This was an important part of my life. But it was also sad that we didn't play there, cause we had such alot of fans that were waiting for us and Brazilians are great people. It's now my second home.;Jim Capaldi;sad
When I was in Philadelphia during the Depression in 1930 or '31, I got a very sad job as a night watchman in a garage. The cars in the garage had been abandoned by their owners, since they had lost their jobs and couldn't keep up the payments.;Tom Glazer;sad
To complain now would be kind of sad. I like the way things are going.;Josh Brolin;sad
I've grown as a person. The dynamics on this set are very demanding because we work a lot of hours, it's very sad material, so there's always someone upset because it's really heavy stuff.;Elisabeth Rohm;sad
It's fun to sing sad songs. And it's fun to listen to sad songs. Enjoyable. Satisfying. Something.;Richard Thompson;sad
I'm sad and blue, about nobody but you. I told you that I loved you right from the start, you told me the same and now you try to break my little heart.;Leon Redbone;sad
If you don't physically age gracefully, it's a bit sad. I think Steven Tyler can get away anything, because he still looks like he did in '73. Especially from row Z backwards in an arena. As long as the Stones keep their hair and don't get fat they'll get away with the wrinkles.;Joe Elliott;sad
The sad fact is that the same terrorist scenarios, if they occurred in five different States, there could be five different sets of responses to the American people. We need, at a minimum, a level of coordination on communicating threats to the public.;Vito Fossella;sad
I can't say I'm happy to be talking about John Ritter and his passing. In my 21 years of Entertainment Tonight, this really was one of the most shocking and sad things to have happened.;Mary Hart;sad
That's what so sad about a lot of modern music, in my opinion, so many young bands never stay around long enough to fulfill their ultimate promise. They only get halfway there or a quarter of the way there.;Alan Vega;sad
I've got so much to do, I don't have time to sit down and be sad.;Norma McCorvey;sad
They're not willing to admit that I've also shed blood and tears and often paid dearly for my success. This makes me feel extremely sad.;Zhang Ziyi;sad
Since I had the baby I can't tolerate anything violent or sad, I saw the Matrix and I had my eyes closed through a lot of it, though I didn't need to. I would peek, and then think, oh OK, I can see that.;Lisa Kudrow;sad
Some really good things kind of swing both ways and I like to see people that can swing really, really, really sad and horrible and terrible and really, really, really beautiful and funny.;Beth Henley;sad
What I loved about the acting class was that you got to think all day long about a person that wasn't you, and figure out why they were sad and what they wanted, what they dreamed.;Beth Henley;sad
In a sad twist of fate, the bill to reauthorize the Patriot Act was debated on the floor of the House of Representatives the same day that terrorists struck again.;Jim Sensenbrenner;sad
I am sure that the sad days and happenings were rare, and that I lived the joyous and careless life of other children but just because the happy days were so habitual to me they made no impression upon my mind, and I can no longer recall them.;Pierre Loti;sad
It can be really powerful to write something when you're sad.;Kathryn Stockett;sad
I love the sad songs with their maudlin, self-deprecating, almost funny lyrics. As an Englishman, they make a lot of sense.;Teddy Thompson;sad
We all like stories that make us cry. It's so nice to feel sad when you've nothing in particular to feel sad about.;Anne Sullivan;sad
I'm not a sad person, upset the whole time, but I seem to be quite emotional.;Freddie Highmore;sad
When you're happy you don't always have to be laughing, and when you're sad you don't have to be crying sometimes it's the opposite. You laugh when you're the most upset.;Freddie Highmore;sad
Before I left for Germany, I had gotten accepted to the performing arts high school in New York, which was a big dream of mine. And having to leave that was very sad for me.;Nina Arianda;sad
I would be sad if it ended now. It's been the best job I've had by a long shot, especially creatively because the writing is so good. Every week I get the script and I laugh out loud and get excited for the different stuff we get to do.;Sarah Chalke;sad
If you have ever been in a real tragic or sad situation, the words that come out are hopelessly inadequate and kind of cliched.;Erika Slezak;sad
I think it is very sad that 'sitcom' has become a pejorative term.;Penelope Keith;sad
I can't really have any friends. It's sad, really. It's lonely. But that's how I am.;Randy Moss;sad
It would be sad if my best work had been 20 years ago and now I only had memories.;Demian Bichir;sad
I never get scared making these kinds of movies because it's all make-believe, but I did cry when I saw the finished version of Man On Fire because it is so sad.;Dakota Fanning;sad
The hardest thing is at the end you have to say bye to all these people who you have worked with for so many months. It was really sad not to see them anymore. But you have the parties that you go to and you get to see them, like the premieres and the screenings.;Dakota Fanning;sad
No not really, it is just like real life. Not everyday you are happy and not everyday you are sad.;Dakota Fanning;sad
I like everything perfect. Everything has to be neat. My sister is 5, and she's more messy than I am. I make my bed every morning, everything's perfect. My shoes are all arranged. It's sad. I'm a little like Ray, a little bit.;Dakota Fanning;sad
What if the Soviet intervention was a blessing in disguise? It saved the myth that if the Soviets were not to intervene, there would have been some flowering authentic democratic socialism and so on. I'm a little bit more of a pessimist there. I think that the Soviets - it's a very sad lesson - by their intervention, saved the myth.;Slavoj Zizek;sad
I think he Oswald felt he was a failure and for the United States and for President Kennedy and all of us. He knew he was a failure at everything he tried, frustrated, with a very sad life, but he was a Marxist.;John Sherman Cooper;sad
My little son, Atticus, desperately needs his dad and I haven't been there for him... and that's sad.;Daniel Baldwin;sad
My mother and father were very strange people. They tried to be funny which is always very sad to me.;Jonathan Winters;sad
What I am sad about is that there is now, in America, no equivalent to the art circuit.;Richard Attenborough;sad
When I was in Paris, all of the German refugees began to flow in and it was a very sad time.;Elliott Carter;sad
The day Dick Cheney is going to run for president, I'll kill myself. All we need is another liar... I think he'd like to run, but it would be a sad day for the country if he does.;Helen Thomas;sad
All the things that happen to people in the industry today, the actors, what they have to put up with, all the people wanting to know every single moment of their lives - I think it's really sad.;Tab Hunter;sad
I've been looking forward to doing an album, but it's really sad to see how many doors have been closed because of the gay thing. I thought it was about the music.;Jai Rodriguez;sad
There is the glamour side of it, which allows you to meet great variety of people with whom you simply can have a good time, but there's also the sad side of it that drags you into a superficial and artificial world.;Karolina Kurkova;sad
What's sad is that there is an addictive quality to that, to believing your own hype to allowing yourself to become validated by others and no longer by yourself. That's the danger of celebrity.;Giovanni Ribisi;sad
What happened was very sad. Mr. Lacey told the staff that he was disappointed and appalled that the front of the book was all commentary and that he wanted hard news.;Sydney Schanberg;sad
I talked to ex-wives of musicians of the '70s for research. They're the funniest people in the world, yet there is this sad, beautiful thing in their eyes that says they've seen more than they could ever possibly tell you.;Kate Hudson;sad
I never was a great Thatcher fan, and it wasn't a sad day in my life when she resigned.;Jim Broadbent;sad
I love music and musicians. And seeing great artists dropped from labels was really frustrating and sad to me.;Rosanna Arquette;sad
Don't Cry Daddy is a pretty sad song. He got to the end of it and it was just real quiet and Elvis says, I'm gonna cut that someday for my daddy. And, by God, he did. He lived up to his word.;Mac Davis;sad
It is sad that the Republican leadership is not as interested as they say they are in protecting the institution of marriage as they are in waging a campaign to divide and distract the American people from the real issues that need to be addressed.;Kendrick Meek;sad
It was sad when Sid Vicious died... I was freaked out when Phil Lynott died from Thin Lizzy. I cried. It was too crazy.;Dee Dee Ramone;sad
I think coldness is chic among writers, and particularly ironic coldness. What is absolutely not allowable is sadness. People will do anything rather than to acknowledge that they are sad.;Mary Gordon;sad
It's sad to know I'm done. But looking back, I've got a lot of great memories.;Bonnie Blair;sad
This Olympics is almost a little sad. It is my final Olympics. There are a lot of good memories.;Bonnie Blair;sad
I'm part of the party, getting the crowd fired up, singing songs, pouring drinks, whatever it takes to get them to have a good time. When I walk into the meet-and-greet, someone's always going to have a story, a sad story or a happy story.;Dierks Bentley;sad
I try to make an album that reflects what I love about country music. It's not just all about happy parties all the time. There are some sad songs.;Dierks Bentley;sad
Well, you can't be depressed and sad 24 hours a day.;Julia Sweeney;sad
'The Killing' has a really great combination of qualities: Even though it's very sad and deals with mourning and grief, it's still exciting. It's about real people and it doesn't shy from the painful points of life.;Joel Kinnaman;sad
It's a sad day when a cartoon is doing more and cares more and pays more attention to the environment than our president.;Kathy Najimy;sad
