The music industry can make you feel like a prostitute.;Jonathan Davis;music
We're not trying to change the world just music.;Jonathan Davis;music
I've been a fan of electronic music since the beginning.;Jonathan Davis;music
It's really cool to see glowsticks at the show, to see dance music culture infiltrating and becoming one with the metal community.;Jonathan Davis;music
It seems like a lot of music today is so churned out and simple.;Jonathan Davis;music
Singing is just a feeling set to music.;Carrie Underwood;music
The calm mind allows one to connect with the inner self, the Soul, the very source of our being. That's where the music lives. That's where my music comes from.;Clarence Clemons;music
At home I'm just a guy who has interests that extend far beyond music.;Layne Staley;music
I wanted to take up music, so my father bought me a blunt instrument. He told me to knock myself out.;Jay London;music
Music is the language of the heart, and conservatives always screw it up.;Glenn Beck;music
Music is about communication... it isn't just something that maybe physically sounds good or orally sounds interesting it's something far, far deeper than that.;Evelyn Glennie;music
My husband is a composer, so he plays piano all the time and I sit there and clap telling my unborn child, 'Hear me clap, hear the music.' I know music, in general, is supposed to be good for babies to hear.;Danica McKellar;music
Music has always been my protection against the world, from a very young age. I feel safe inside of a jam.;Trey Anastasio;music
People think our music's very aggressive or angry or whatever, and it's just the opposite, really... I like laughing. And I like being really calm before a show, and smiley.;Serj Tankian;music
I find Indian music very funky. I mean it's very soulful, with their own kind of blues. But it's the only other school on the planet that develops improvisation to the high degree that you find in jazz music. So we have a lot of common ground.;John McLaughlin;music
Making an album should be an honest experience. It shouldn't be about trying to gauge where popular music is today it should be about artistic expression and putting down what you want to put down.;Scott Weiland;music
I think ABBA have a pure joy to their music and that's what makes them extraordinary.;Bono;music
Great classic music that I've been turned on to has not only inspired and influenced me, but it has had an effect on my songwriting.;Scott Weiland;music
The great moments of rock 'n' roll were never off in some corner of the music world, in a self-constructed ghetto.;Bono;music
Rock music is niche.;Bono;music
If you pour some music on whatever's wrong, it'll sure help out.;Levon Helm;music
In our music, in our everyday life, there are so many negative things. Why not have something positive and stamp it with blackness?;Jamie Foxx;music
Music was your real passion, this thing you held dear even above family. It was this relationship that never betrayed you. Once it became your job - this thing that was highly visible, this thing that became about commerce - that's when you were holding onto music like it was a palm tree in a hurricane.;Eddie Vedder;music
Pop music is aspirin and the blues are vitamins.;Peter Tork;music
Music, at its essence, is what gives us memories. And the longer a song has existed in our lives, the more memories we have of it.;Stevie Wonder;music
Those who decide to use leisure as a means of mental development, who love good music, good books, good pictures, good plays, good company, good conversation - what are they? They are the happiest people in the world.;William Lyon Phelps;music
A lot of music you might listen to is pretty vapid, it doesn't always deal with our deeper issues. These are the things I'm interested in now, particularly at my age.;Annie Lennox;music
I love to make music and stay grounded.;Annie Lennox;music
I only want to make music because I have a passion for it.;Annie Lennox;music
I always think I'm the Tom Cruise of music - a lot of success and fans, but no critics, darling.;Jon Bon Jovi;music
Music is a part of my life all the time - on the plane, before matches, driving out to the court.;Maria Sharapova;music
The basis of our partnership strategy and our partnership approach: We build the social technology. They provide the music.;Mark Zuckerberg;music
Music is an agreeable harmony for the honor of God and the permissible delights of the soul.;Johann Sebastian Bach;music
The music of Hendrix wakes people up to their possibilities. It's more than just dreaming about being a guitar hero.;Carlos Santana;music
I don't like to be labeled, to be anything. I've made the mistake before myself of labeling my music, but it's counter-productive.;Neil Young;music
I have so many opinions about everything it just comes out during my music. It's a battle for me. I try not to be preachy. That's a real danger.;Neil Young;music
My music isn't anything but me. It has jazz in it, and rock'n'roll, and it has an urgency to it.;Neil Young;music
The '60s was one of the first times the power of music was used by a generation to bind them together.;Neil Young;music
The thing about my music is, there really is no point.;Neil Young;music
Commitments are one of the worst things to have in the music business. They're very annoying.;Neil Young;music
Music is part of us, and either ennobles or degrades our behavior.;Boethius;music
Live music is better.;Neil Young;music
All that stuff about heavy metal and hard rock, I don't subscribe to any of that. It's all just music. I mean, the heavy metal from the '70s sounds nothing like the stuff from the '80s, and that sounds nothing like the stuff from the '90s. Who's to say what is and isn't a certain type of music?;Neil Young;music
It is jazz music that called me to be a musician and I have always sang the songs that moved me the most. Singers, like Frank Sinatra and myself, we interpret the songs that we like. Not unlike a Shakespearean actor that goes back to the greatest words ever written, we go back to the greatest songs.;Harry Connick, Jr.;music
I used to go to Bourbon Street when I was a kid and there would be club after club after club of people who were around when the music started. I mean these are legendary, maybe not so well known, but legendary musicians.;Harry Connick, Jr.;music
I've spent hours and hours doing research into Appalachian folk music. My grandfather was a fiddler. There is something very immediate, very simple and emotional, about that music.;Renee Fleming;music
I don't play pyrotechnic scales. I play about frustration, patience, anger. Music is an extension of my soul.;Dick Dale;music
Music my rampart, and my only one.;Edna St. Vincent Millay;music
Though everything else may appear shallow and repulsive, even the smallest task in music is so absorbing, and carries us so far away from town, country, earth, and all worldly things, that it is truly a blessed gift of God.;Felix Mendelssohn;music
I write the vocals last, because I wanted to invent the music first and push the music to the level that I had to compete against it.;Axl Rose;music
Alas! all music jars when the soul's out of tune.;Miguel de Cervantes;music
They teach you there's a boundary line to music. But, man, there's no boundary line to art.;Charlie Parker;music
Soul music is timeless.;Alicia Keys;music
When I was a young musician, the only option available to pursue secondary education in music was to attend a classical conservatory.;Billy Joel;music
When I look at great works of art or listen to inspired music, I sense intimate portraits of the specific times in which they were created.;Billy Joel;music
We are living in a time when American popular music is finally being recognized as one of our most successful exports. The demand is huge.;Billy Joel;music
Most people are satisfied with the junk food being sold as music.;Billy Joel;music
I'm probably writing music now for the same reason as I started writing songs when I was 14 - to meet women.;Billy Joel;music
I can't think of one person I've ever met who didn't like some type of music.;Billy Joel;music
Don't make music for some vast, unseen audience or market or ratings share or even for something as tangible as money. Though it's crucial to make a living, that shouldn't be your inspiration. Do it for yourself.;Billy Joel;music
There's a constantly applicable nature to soul music, whereas sometimes pop music can be a periodical.;John Mayer;music
I don't need my phone to play me music. I need it to be a phone and an e-mail thing.;David Duchovny;music
It was stumbling on to really the bible of the blues, you know, and a very powerful drug to be introduced to us and I absorbed it totally, and it changed my complete outlook on music.;Eric Clapton;music
I've been composing music all my life and if I'd been clever enough at school I would like to have gone to music college.;Anthony Hopkins;music
I think everything Joni Mitchell did for music was big.;Maynard James Keenan;music
Adam does most of the work when it comes to videos and he basically does the same as I do with the lyrics. The videos are his visual interpretations of our music.;Maynard James Keenan;music
Reading is more of a left-brain process, and listening to music is a right-brain function.;Maynard James Keenan;music
People always accuse me of being motivational in a way, like it was a bad thing, but that's just how I was raised. My mom raised me in a positive environment, with lots of love in my heart, and that reflects in my music.;Lenny Kravitz;music
I feel this music has nurtured me as I've been immersing myself in it. I've felt supported by it.;Sting;music
I hate most of what constitutes rock music, which is basically middle-aged crap.;Sting;music
Yoga is almost like music in a way there's no end to it.;Sting;music
There's something missing in the music industry today... and it's music. Songs you hear don't last, it's just product fed to you by the industry.;Jimmy Buffett;music
I like when guests come over early and we chop veggies and talk and play music.;John Stamos;music
I can play punk rock, and I love playing punk rock, but I was into every other style of music before I played punk rock.;Travis Barker;music
Beyond a certain point, the music isn't mine anymore. It's yours.;Phil Collins;music
Music was always the distraction, so it was the obvious choice to pursue. My dad always said to find a job I love to do, that way it wouldn't feel like a job. So I did that.;Jason Mraz;music
When people hear good music, it makes them homesick for something they never had, and never will have.;E. W. Howe;music
A movie goes from several stages, from idea to script. As you continue shooting, you will make some adjustments. You're constantly adjusting. It's like a piece of music. You're constantly trying to make it better.;Robert Rodriguez;music
Good music is good music, and everything else can go to hell.;Dave Matthews;music
Country music is important to me, and I love it, but it's not my whole life.;George Strait;music
What I took back, because of my exposure to the Jewish music of the 30s and the 40s in my upbringing with my father, was that kind of theatrical songwriting. It was always a part of my character. This desire to make people laugh.;Pete Townshend;music
So I wanted to sing inspirational music, and that's exactly how I approached it - only the words have been changed to declare my relationship with God.;Smokey Robinson;music
The problem for me, still today, is that I write purely with one dramatic structure and that is the rite of passage. I'm not really skilled in any other. Rock and roll itself can be described as music to accompany the rite of passage.;Pete Townshend;music
What I'm trying to do is find either existing properties or come up with properties or angles or stories which will create music drama. It's my obsession and most of all I would like to remain working in theatre. I think it's very much alive.;Pete Townshend;music
Music exalts each joy, allays each grief, expels diseases, softens every pain, subdues the rage of poison, and the plague.;John Armstrong;music
I felt that the elegance of pop music was that it was reflective: we were holding up a mirror to our audience and reflecting them philosophically and spiritually, rather than just reflecting society or something called 'rock and roll.';Pete Townshend;music
I just go with the flow, so any style can be in my music - that makes it exciting.;Yoko Ono;music
Starting out really punk came from not knowing any better and listening to music like that, not knowing how to play music - well, still not knowing how to play music.;Beth Ditto;music
The English may not like music, but they absolutely love the noise it makes.;Thomas Beecham;music
I love sad songs. They say so much. I love country music but even the happy songs sound really sad.;Beth Ditto;music
Music and the music business are two different things.;Erykah Badu;music
I'm constantly thinking about what I'll do next. I never count on music being a career of longevity. I mean, longevity is key, and I hope that it lasts, but you just don't know, because it's not in your hands, you don't make the decision.;Beth Ditto;music
The beautiful thing about hip-hop is it's like an audio collage. You can take any form of music and do it in a hip-hop way and it'll be a hip-hop song. That's the only music you can do that with.;Talib Kweli;music
It's really hard for me to sometimes put myself out there, like 'Hey, how do you feel about making music together?' because maybe I'm afraid of rejection or I don't want to put anybody out. It's the Southerner in me, like, 'I don't mean to bother you but do you mind making a song?';Beth Ditto;music
I am quite certain in my heart of hearts that modern music and modern art is not a conspiracy, but is a form of truth and integrity for those who practise it honestly, decently and with all their being.;Michael Tippett;music
I've never had a very quiet voice. I tried in choir to make it smaller, and it just didn't work out. And I listened to a lot of soul music when I was growing up on my own accord. But I was mostly into Mama Cass and Gladys Knight, and they all had big voices too just different than mine.;Beth Ditto;music
My music is fun, kind of cheeky.;Kesha;music
Olympia was a town crawling with music. I was new to the whole punk scene. The culture shock continued Olympia had bagels! We didn't have bagels in Arkansas. You could order vegetarian food all over town! It was so crazy to me - a place with so many vegetarians, the restaurants made special dishes for them?;Beth Ditto;music
I do love country music.;Kesha;music
