Arab leaders worry more about making money from the profits they get from oil and gas that they turn the other way when Lebanon is being destroyed right next to them. Their neighbours are being murdered, but they only make calculations for their own benefit.;Abu Bakar Bashir;money
At this point I have enough money to live 25 lifetimes. You couldn't spend the money I've accrued now.;Shia LaBeouf;money
My first car, I got it in an auction at my temple. It was an '86 Volvo that I got for 500 bucks, and then wound up throwing $10,000 into the stereo system and put TVs in the foot rests. It was the most ridiculous Volvo you'd ever seen, but I had never had money before and I was out of my mind.;Shia LaBeouf;money
You can't have bank holding companies acting as hedge funds. You can't have them taking a million-dollar pension plan for Joe Schmo the bus driver and treat it with the same risk appetite that you treat George Soros' pocket money. It's fundamentally ridiculous.;Shia LaBeouf;money
And you can't have a prosperous economy when the government is way overspending, raising tax rates, printing too much money, over regulating and restricting free trade. It just can't be done.;Arthur Laffer;money
Everybody gets everything handed to them. The rich inherit it. I don't mean just inheritance of money. I mean what people take for granted among the middle and upper classes, which is nepotism, the old-boy network.;Toni Morrison;money
Go miser go, for money sell your soul. Trade wares for wares and trudge from pole to pole, So others may say when you are dead and gone. See what a vast estate he left his son.;John Dryden;money
It takes no compromising to give people their rights. It takes no money to respect the individual. It takes no survey to remove repressions.;Harvey Milk;money
And I can tell you that history will back up what I'm about to say and that is that there is no government run by conservatives, Republicans, put whoever you want there, if you give government the opportunity to spend more money than it has, it will do it. It will do it every time.;Marco Rubio;money
Mitt Romney understands free enterprise, he has worked in it. He has seen companies succeed and he has seen them fail, too. He knows what people think about when they invest their money.;Marco Rubio;money
I have too much money invested in sweaters.;Bob Hope;money
I like to sing ballads the way Eddie Fisher does and the way Perry Como does. But the way I'm singing now is what makes the money.;Elvis Presley;money
Money is like hormones. It's just how you feel on any given day.;Janice Dickinson;money
But without a caring society, without each citizen voluntarily accepting the weight of responsibility, government is destined to grow even larger, taking more of your money, burrowing deeper into your lives.;Jeb Bush;money
Never work just for money or for power. They won't save your soul or help you sleep at night.;Marian Wright Edelman;money
I have no idea how much money I've got.;Daniel Radcliffe;money
People who have car collections - I never understood that. I always thought that was unnecessary. It's not beautiful, it's not creative. It's just showing how much money you've got.;Daniel Radcliffe;money
A rich man told me recently that a liberal is a man who tells other people what to do with their money.;Amiri Baraka;money
You're right on the money with that. We're all like detectives in life. There's something at the end of the trail that we're all looking for.;David Lynch;money
Save your money. You're going to need twice as much money in your old age as you think.;Michael Caine;money
I like my money right where I can see it... hanging in my closet.;Sarah Jessica Parker;money
That is why the analogy of stealing does not work. With a thief, we want to know how much money he stole, and from whom. With the artist it is not how much he took and from whom, but what he did with it.;Lukas Foss;money
Nothing that is God's is obtainable by money.;Tertullian;money
The companies that survive longest are the one's that work out what they uniquely can give to the world not just growth or money but their excellence, their respect for others, or their ability to make people happy. Some call those things a soul.;Charles Handy;money
A corporation's primary goal is to make money. Government's primary role is to take a big chunk of that money and give it to others.;Larry Ellison;money
I've never really had a hobby, unless you count art, which the IRS once told me I had to declare as a hobby since I hadn't made money with it.;Laurie Anderson;money
Money is just the poor man's credit card.;Marshall McLuhan;money
Money is a poor man's credit card.;Marshall McLuhan;money
If you really believe that you're making a difference and that you can leave a legacy of better schools and jobs and safer streets, why would you not spend the money? The objective is to improve the schools, bring down crime, build affordable housing, clean the streets - not to have a fair fight.;Michael Bloomberg;money
My dad would give me $10, which is a lot of money when you're 9, to sing at church, on tables at restaurants, at family functions, just about anywhere.;Katy Perry;money
Hollywood is so fake and people need to realize that people are just people, and you, too, don't need to be born into something or have money or have whatever product someone is hawking on you.;Katy Perry;money
I think that what went wrong with religion is the same thing that went wrong with politics. Is that it became too money based and too controlling. It's just a weakness that we human beings have for control - we want one thing and then we want more and then we want more.;Dave Davies;money
What white man can say I never stole his land or a penny of his money? Yet they say that I am a thief.;Sitting Bull;money
Drug prohibition has caused gang warfare and other violent crimes by raising the prices of drugs so much that vicious criminals enter the market to make astronomical profits, and addicts rob and steal to get money to pay the inflated prices for their drugs.;Michael Badnarik;money
People spend time worrying about things they think they have to have and lose perception of what they do have. You can have all the money and material things you want. If you aren't here to enjoy them, what good do they do?;Eric Davis;money
There is nothing inherently fair about equalizing incomes. If the government penalizes you for working harder than somebody else, that is unfair. If you save your money but retire with the same pension as a free-spending neighbor, that is also unfair.;Arthur C. Brooks;money
I don't need the money, dear. I work for art.;Maria Callas;money
Bankers know that history is inflationary and that money is the last thing a wise man will hoard.;Will Durant;money
It's a sad fact about our culture that a poet can earn much more money writing or talking about his art than he can by practicing it.;W. H. Auden;money
The class distinctions proper to a democratic society are not those of rank or money, still less, as is apt to happen when these are abandoned, of race, but of age.;W. H. Auden;money
The only way not to think about money is to have a great deal of it.;Edith Wharton;money
I wanted to make a living, but I really was not interested in money at all. I was interested in being a great comedian.;Larry David;money
I still think of that guy I was without a wife or kids, and I still want to entertain that guy. The lonely guy, the frustrated guy, the guy with no money - this is the guy who needs to laugh.;Larry David;money
The extravagant expenditure of public money is an evil not to be measured by the value of that money to the people who are taxed for it.;Chester A. Arthur;money
I think that lawyers are terrible at admitting that they're wrong. And not just admitting it also realizing it. Most lawyers are very successful, and they think that because they're making money and people think well of them, they must be doing everything right.;Alan Dershowitz;money
You got to have a courageous president to stand up and says, listen, if - if you send a bill to me that spends more money than what we've coming in, I'll veto it. I mean, I'm going to try to work with you the best I can, but I'm going to veto it.;Rick Perry;money
If you wake up deciding what you want to give versus what you're going to get, you become a more successful person. In other words, if you want to make money, you have to help someone else make money.;Russell Simmons;money
To get rich, you have to be making money while you're asleep.;David Bailey;money
I would like to see more airplay for all artists, no matter what age. I think there's a lot of money being spent toward the young guys, but a lot of the older guys are the ones who blazed the trail for those young guys.;Willie Nelson;money
Making money is not gonna change anything about what I am, except I won't answer the door.;Abel Ferrara;money
I think that money spoils most things, once it becomes the primary motivating force.;John Cleese;money
I don't care half so much about making money as I do about making my point, and coming out ahead.;Cornelius Vanderbilt;money
Often people attempt to live their lives backwards they try to have more things, or more money, in order to do more of what they want, so they will be happier.;Margaret Young;money
The less money you owe, the less income you'll need and the less you'll have to save for tomorrow.;Suze Orman;money
When I saw all those other drivers, I realized that they wanted to win that money just as much as I did. But I didn't have to worry. A tire came off my car and I was lucky I got it off the track.;Buck Baker;money
Who would you want to be giving you advice? Somebody who doesn't have any money?;Suze Orman;money
The foundation of a financial fresh start actually has nothing to do with money or specific financial dos and don'ts.;Suze Orman;money
The first requisite of a sound monetary system is that it put the least possible power over the quantity or quality of money in the hands of the politicians.;Henry Hazlitt;money
There is something fundamentally unfair about a government that takes away so much of people's money, power, and personal control while telling them that life will be better as a result.;Steve Forbes;money
Nobody climbs mountains for scientific reasons. Science is used to raise money for the expeditions, but you really climb for the hell of it.;Edmund Hillary;money
When I sent those scripts, that was the lowest point of my life. We'd just had our second son, and when I went to collect them from hospital, I went to the bank to try and get some money to buy some diapers, the screen showed I've got $26 left.;Ang Lee;money
I don't like begging money from producers.;David Byrne;money
Expensive clothes are a waste of money.;Meryl Streep;money
Hussein has chosen to spend his money on building weapons of mass destruction and palaces for his cronies.;Madeleine Albright;money
Geez, all that money we waste on space exploration just think how many bombs that would buy!;Craig Bruce;money
I think when money starts to corrupt journalism, it undermines the journalism, and it undermines the credibility of the product, and you end up not succeeding.;Walter Isaacson;money
What's my motto when it comes to money? Don't put so much emphasis on it!;Janice Dickinson;money
As I have traveled throughout my Congressional district, the one thing I heard loud and clear was simply please stop spending money you do not have, rein in spending, live within a budget.;Tim Scott;money
The biases the media has are much bigger than conservative or liberal. They're about getting ratings, about making money, about doing stories that are easy to cover.;Al Franken;money
Money, if it does not bring you happiness, will at least help you be miserable in comfort.;Helen Gurley Brown;money
Money is not a motivating factor. Money doesn't thrill me or make me play better because there are benefits to being wealthy. I'm just happy with a ball at my feet. My motivation comes from playing the game I love. If I wasn't paid to be a professional footballer I would willingly play for nothing.;Lionel Messi;money
President Obama has outsourced a major portion of the U.S. space program to the Russians. That's national policy. Taxpayer money. So let's stop playing games with this outsourcing distortion and talk about the fact that when we need is a president that knows how to manage big enterprise and create jobs.;John Sununu;money
Money isn't a major motivating force in my life. Nor is my profession. There are other things that I care more about than being an actor.;Kevin Costner;money
Ridiculous yachts and private planes and big limousines won't make people enjoy life more, and it sends out terrible messages to the people who work for them. It would be so much better if that money was spent in Africa - and it's about getting a balance.;Richard Branson;money
From paying off friends' tax bills to rescuing stray dogs and stuffing &pound20 notes into the hands of homeless people, I can't get rid of my money fast enough.;Julie Burchill;money
Billions are wasted on ineffective philanthropy. Philanthropy is decades behind business in applying rigorous thinking to the use of money.;Michael Porter;money
As a child, I wanted only two things - to be left alone to read my library books, and to get away from my provincial hometown and go to London to be a writer. And I always knew that when I got there, I wanted to make loads of money.;Julie Burchill;money
They say Yogi Berra is funny. Well, he has a lovely wife and family, a beautiful home, money in the bank, and he plays golf with millionaires. What's funny about that?;Casey Stengel;money
We are used to female writers who use their private lives as unmitigated material being somewhat hormonal this somehow 'excuses' what might be seen as a highly unfeminine ability to turn their personal upsets into money.;Julie Burchill;money
The money I pay for my cultural experiences came willingly from my own pocket - they were not the result of bread being removed from the mouths of the poor so that Miss Thing here could mince off to the circus smelling of roses.;Julie Burchill;money
I grew up in a really small town with not a lot of money, and I liked singing, but it was just something that was a hobby.;Justin Bieber;money
I'm so touched that complete strangers will send me a script asking me to be in their film. That still amazes me - and sometimes for a lot of money too.;Liam Neeson;money
You can get rich making fun of me. I know. I've made lots of money making fun of me.;Glenn Beck;money
I hesitate to deposit money in a bank. I am afraid I shall never dare to take it out again. When you go to confession and entrust your sins to the safe-keeping of the priest, do you ever come back for them?;Jean Baudrillard;money
Crafts make us feel rooted, give us a sense of belonging and connect us with our history. Our ancestors used to create these crafts out of necessity, and now we do them for fun, to make money and to express ourselves.;Phyllis George;money
And also there wasn't much money in television in those days anyhow.;Jim Henson;money
When you ain't got no money, you gotta get an attitude.;Richard Pryor;money
Money makes your life easier. If you're lucky to have it, you're lucky.;Al Pacino;money
The money that goes into Social Security is not the government's money. it's your money. You paid for it.;Mitch McConnell;money
Prosperity is a way of living and thinking, and not just money or things. Poverty is a way of living and thinking, and not just a lack of money or things.;Eric Butterworth;money
Preoccupation with money is the great test of small natures, but only a small test of great ones.;Nicolas Chamfort;money
There's so much importance in honoring your everyday hero. It doesn't take money. It doesn't take connections. What matters is that people get involved. Whether your passion is gun control or food or whatever it may be, everybody needs to stop being so self-absorbed.;Debi Mazar;money
I have a lot of money stashed away, but I do live my life from day to day.;Elton John;money
A transfer of money should never be involved in this profound situation. Although illness is profound, too, but medicine's a business today. It's a business.;Jack Kevorkian;money
Always remember, money isn't everything - but also remember to make a lot of it before talking such fool nonsense.;Earl Wilson;money
False opinions are like false money, struck first of all by guilty men and thereafter circulated by honest people who perpetuate the crime without knowing what they are doing.;Joseph de Maistre;money
Where are the jobs going to come from?Small business, manufacturing and clean energy. Where's the money to finance them? The banks and the corporations in America today have lots of money that they can invest right now.;William J. Clinton;money
If you make money your god, it will plague you like the devil.;Henry Fielding;money
The financial reward is great and I love the life I have, but all money makes possible is for you to stop worrying about money. Then you have freedom to live your life.;Paul Stanley;money
