Honest conviction is my courage the Constitution is my guide.;Andrew Johnson;courage
The courage to imagine the otherwise is our greatest resource, adding color and suspense to all our life.;Daniel J. Boorstin;courage
Discouragement is not the absence of adequacy but the absence of courage.;Neal A. Maxwell;courage
Conscience is the root of all true courage if a man would be brave let him obey his conscience.;James Freeman Clarke;courage
I always disliked dogs, those protectors of cowards who lack the courage to fight an assailant themselves.;August Strindberg;courage
You cannot build character and courage by destroying men's initiative and independence.;William J. H. Boetcker;courage
We are biological creatures. We are born, we live, we die. There is no transcendent purpose to existence. At best we are creatures of reason, and by using reason we can cure ourselves of emotional excess. Purged of both hope and fear, we find courage in the face of helplessness, insignificance and uncertainty.;Jonathan Sacks;courage
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death.;Earl Wilson;courage
We learned to be patient observers like the owl. We learned cleverness from the crow, and courage from the jay, who will attack an owl ten times its size to drive it off its territory. But above all of them ranked the chickadee because of its indomitable spirit.;Tom Brown, Jr.;courage
If you could get up the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.;David Viscott;courage
There are no greater treasures than the highest human qualities such as compassion, courage and hope. Not even tragic accident or disaster can destroy such treasures of the heart.;Daisaku Ikeda;courage
Nothing gives us courage more readily than the desire to avoid looking like a damn fool.;Dean Koontz;courage
Lying at the root of the social agreements of 1980 are the courage, sense of responsibility, and the solidarity of the working people. Both sides have then recognized that an accord must be reached if bloodshed is to be prevented.;Lech Walesa;courage
A member must say that he is a member of the Unification Church and that he is the follower of Sun Myung Moon. If he doesn't have the courage to say it, he is not worthy of me.;Sun Myung Moon;courage
What is more mortifying than to feel that you have missed the plum for want of courage to shake the tree?;Logan P. Smith;courage
It's not just Bin Laden or just those that are involved in the counterterrorism effort. We've gotta cast the net broader than that. But I think it's a - very special tribute that we all owe to the bravery and courage of the men and women in the intelligence and military business who performed so well to finally get it done.;Dick Cheney;courage
Courage is always rewarded.;Kenny Loggins;courage
The enchanting charms of this sublime science reveal only to those who have the courage to go deeply into it.;Carl Friedrich Gauss;courage
With enough courage, you can do without a reputation.;Margaret Mitchell;courage
What I've always said is that I'm opposed to institutional racism, and I would've, had I've been alive at the time, I think, had the courage to march with Martin Luther King to overturn institutional racism, and I see no place in our society for institutional racism.;Rand Paul;courage
I have reached the conclusion that those who have physical courage also have moral courage. Physical courage is a great test.;Oriana Fallaci;courage
Wait for the Lord. Behave yourself manfully, and be of good courage. Do not be faithless, but stay in your place and do not turn back.;Thomas a Kempis;courage
It takes a good deal of physical courage to ride a horse. This, however, I have. I get it at about forty cents a flask, and take it as required.;Stephen Leacock;courage
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.;George A. Sheehan;courage
He's nice enough not to want to be associated with a nasty remark but not nice enough not to make it. Lacking the courage of one's nastiness does not make one nice.;Michael Kinsley;courage
It is easy enough to praise men for the courage of their convictions. I wish I could teach the sad young of this mealy generation the courage of their confusions.;John Ciardi;courage
Unjust. How many times I've used that word, scolded myself with it. All I mean by it now is that I don't have the final courage to say that I refuse to preside over violations against myself, and to hell with justice.;Lillian Hellman;courage
You have to do what you need to do as an artist. You have to have that courage.;Liz Phair;courage
I don't understand why people say that I am full of courage. I feel terribly nervous.;Aung San Suu Kyi;courage
A statesman wants courage and a statesman wants vision but believe me, after six months' experience, he wants first, second, third and all the time - patience.;Stanley Baldwin;courage
Prime Minister Sharon, Prime Minister Abbas, I urge you today to end the designs of those who seek destruction, annihilation and occupation, and I urge you to have the will and the courage to begin to realize our dreams of peace, prosperity and coexistence.;King Abdullah II;courage
Women's courage is rather different from men's. The fact that women have to bring up children and look after husbands makes them braver at facing long-term issues, such as illness. Men are more immediately courageous. Lots of people are brave in battle.;Mary Wesley;courage
The most important thing for me was to never, ever, ever deny it. But I didn't really have the courage to talk about it. I was thinking, The people who need to know I'm gay know.;Portia de Rossi;courage
I want to find the candidates who understand the principles of American exceptionalism and have the character, the courage, and the confidence to actually lead the greatest nation in the world.;Jim DeMint;courage
People talk about the courage of condemned men walking to the place of execution: sometimes it needs as much courage to walk with any kind of bearing towards another person's habitual misery.;Graham Greene;courage
I went through a long period where I was afraid of doing things I wanted to do, and you get your courage back, which is what's important.;George Michael;courage
Overcoming the Cold War required courage from the people of Central and Eastern Europe and what was then the German Democratic Republic, but it also required the steadfastness of Western partner over many decades when many had long lost hope of integration of the two Germanys and Europe.;Angela Merkel;courage
Deep Throat's information, and in my view, courage, allowed the newspaper to use what he knew and suspected.;Bob Woodward;courage
On sensitive issues, talk isn't cheap - it takes real courage to pry open topics nailed shut.;Marvin Olasky;courage
When you really believe in God, it gives you a courage, a confidence that enables you to meet the things coming.;Della Reese;courage
Today, because of President Obama's courage, kids can stay on their parent's plan until they are 26. Insurers cannot kick you off your policy because you have hit your limit. They will not be able to deny you because you have a pre-existing condition.;Rahm Emanuel;courage
Men create real miracles when they use their God-given courage and intelligence.;Jean Anouilh;courage
I want to thank the Academy for its courage and generosity.;Elia Kazan;courage
I have a lot of courage. I'm a realist.;Elisabeth Rohm;courage
In times of conflict, war, poverty or religious fundamentalism, women and children are the first and most numerous victims. Women need all their courage today.;Isabel Allende;courage
A military coup needs a sacrifice and courage that you can't find in an army without morale.;Jalal Talabani;courage
Courage is poorly housed that dwells in numbers the lion never counts the herd that are about him, nor weighs how many flocks he has to scatter.;Aaron Hill;courage
Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress.;Nicholas M. Butler;courage
Killing yourself is a major commitment, it takes a kind of courage. Most people just lead lives of cowardly desperation. It's kinda half suicide where you just dull yourself with substances.;Robert Crumb;courage
We want deeper sincerity of motive, a greater courage in speech and earnestness in action.;Sarojini Naidu;courage
I was a little doubtful about the propriety of going to the Mammoth Cave without a gentleman escort, but if two ladies travel alone they must have the courage of men.;Maria Mitchell;courage
Our situation today shows that beauty demands for itself at least as much courage and decision as do truth and goodness, and she will not allow herself to be separated and banned from her two sisters without taking them along with herself in an act of mysterious vengeance.;Hans Urs von Balthasar;courage
You can't test courage cautiously.;Annie Dillard;courage
Being gifted needs courage.;Georg Brandes;courage
Some of the greatest survivors have been women. Look at the courage so many women have shown after surviving earthquakes in the rubble for days on end.;Bear Grylls;courage
Limit to courage? There is no limit to courage.;Gabriele D'Annunzio;courage
There is hope in dreams, imagination, and in the courage of those who wish to make those dreams a reality.;Jonas Salk;courage
We are telling the American people to have patience, courage, resolve and determination.;Muammar al-Gaddafi;courage
Nothing gives a fearful man more courage than another's fear.;Umberto Eco;courage
There are two types of courage involved with what I did. When it comes to picking up a rifle, millions of people are capable of doing that, as we see in Iraq or Vietnam. But when it comes to risking their careers, or risking being invited to lunch by the establishment, it turns out that's remarkably rare.;Daniel Ellsberg;courage
TV is so different from the movies. It takes a lot of stamina because you work such long hours. It is really challenging. You are learning the next day's lines while you are shooting today's scenes. I found courage I never realised I had. I hope to do more.;Sharon Stone;courage
I think that the romantic impulse is in all of us and that sometimes we live it for a short time, but it's not part of a sensible way of living. It's a heroic path and it generally ends dangerously. I treasure it in the sense that I believe it's a path of great courage. It can also be the path of the foolhardy and the compulsive.;Jane Campion;courage
The older people that one admires seem to be fearless. They go right out into the world. It's astounding. Maybe they can't see or they can't hear, but they walk out into the street and take life as it comes. They're models of courage, in a strange way.;James Hillman;courage
Your determination, selflessness and courage have brought the freedom struggle towards its fulfilment.;Gerry Adams;courage
Real courage is knowing what faces you and knowing how to face it.;Timothy Dalton;courage
It took me realizing that a broken heart has never actually killed anyone to find the courage to ask for what I want, in just about every situation. That was part of my own growing up.;Ginnifer Goodwin;courage
You live with the fear people might find out. Then you actually have the courage to tell people and they go, I don't think you are gay. It's enough to drive you crazy.;Portia de Rossi;courage
Obama wants to be thought of as the president who freed us from foreign oil. But if he doesn't show some political courage, he may well be remembered as the president who cooked the planet.;Jeff Goodell;courage
The valor and courage of our young women and men in the armed services are a shining example to all of the world, and we owe them and their families our deepest respect.;Bill Frist;courage
True courage is like a kite a contrary wind raises it higher.;John Petit-Senn;courage
The only reason I'm in Hollywood is that I don't have the moral courage to refuse the money.;Marlon Brando;courage
One of the greatest gifts my father gave me - unintentionally - was witnessing the courage with which he bore adversity. We had a bit of a rollercoaster life with some really challenging financial periods. He was always unshaken, completely tranquil, the same ebullient, laughing, jovial man.;Ben Okri;courage
One has to have the courage of one's pessimism.;Ian Mcewan;courage
Our film examines the heroism, courage and prowess of the Soviet submarine force in ways never seen before.;Kathryn Bigelow;courage
Without strength and courage it's really hard to perform at the highest levels of international figure skating, because you're alone on the ice and you only have seven minutes over two nights to prove yourself.;Scott Hamilton;courage
It takes a certain courage and a certain greatness to be truly base.;Jean Anouilh;courage
Until the day of his death, no man can be sure of his courage.;Jean Anouilh;courage
Falsehood is cowardice, the truth courage.;Hosea Ballou;courage
Have the courage to be ignorant of a great number of things, in order to avoid the calamity of being ignorant of everything.;Sydney Smith;courage
But we got up there and decided to stick to this mix of power chords and funk and that's where it really started for us. In having the courage to take that decision. To take a gamble not just with our music but our lives.;Michael Hutchence;courage
Intellectuals try to keep going. But their situation is very difficult. Those who have had the courage to voice their opposition have often paid a very high price.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;courage
I've always been inspired by artists who have shown musical and intellectual curiosity and the courage to take risks.;Renee Fleming;courage
Courage! I have shown it for years think you I shall lose it at the moment when my sufferings are to end?;Marie Antoinette;courage
There is not a single Muslim leader today who has the courage and commitment to defend Islam and Muslims, they are all in awe of the United States and other Western powers, and are indebted to them.;Abu Bakar Bashir;courage
What makes America amazing is that there have always been men and women of courage who were willing to think more about the future of their children and grandchildren than they did about their own political careers.;Scott Walker;courage
When we have done our best, we can, as a united people, take whatever may befall with calm courage and confidence that this old nation will survive and if death should come to many of us, death is not the end.;Eamon de Valera;courage
The 'Bird's Nest' National Stadium, which I helped to conceive, is designed to embody the Olympic spirit of 'fair competition.' It tells people that freedom is possible but needs fairness, courage and strength.;Ai Weiwei;courage
Courage is sometimes frail as hope is frail: a fragile shoot between two stones that grows brave toward the sun though warmth and brightness fail, striving and faith the only strength it knows.;Frances Rodman;courage
Men was formed for society, and is neither capable of living alone, nor has the courage to do it.;William Blackstone;courage
One of the things that makes Hamlet unique among Shakespeare's characters is his courage to face up to the darker elements of his personality.;Kenneth Branagh;courage
I'm still shy - I'm no good at my children's parent-teacher conferences, and I'm slowly learning how to ask for what I want. But I now know that I have a reserve of courage to draw upon when I really need it. There's nothing that I'm too scared to have a go at.;Emily Mortimer;courage
Often the test of courage is not to die but to live.;Vittorio Alfieri;courage
I have always had the courage for the new things that life sometimes offers.;Wallis Simpson;courage
Physical courage is a great test.;Oriana Fallaci;courage
In my old age, I have been thinking about this, and I have reached the conclusion that those who have physical courage also have moral courage.;Oriana Fallaci;courage
Howard Dean has been successful because he was clear in his opposition to the war. People appreciate a politician with the courage to say, I oppose this war.;Bianca Jagger;courage
No, I am not a homosexual. If I were a homosexual, I would hope I would have the courage to say so. What's cruel is that you are forcing me to say I am not a homosexual. This means you are putting homosexuals down. I don't want to do that.;Ed Koch;courage
Ingenuity, plus courage, plus work, equals miracles.;Bob Richards;courage
How many women have the courage to start properly with a cold, cold bath early in the morning? I jump in, throw the water, cold as ice, and after the first plunge I am happy.;Anna Held;courage
