I'm moving on. I should have made that clear when I made the announcement. I guess I wasn't clear. If people think you're leaving a show after all these years, you might be retiring. So I understand where they're coming from, but I should have impressed the fact that I hope I'm just moving on right now.;Regis Philbin;movingon
So I won an Oscar. It's amazing. I've got that for the rest of my life for a performance I am proud of. It nearly killed me. I am really proud of the film. That's it, moving on.;Kate Winslet;movingon
It is very clear that voice communications is moving on to the Internet. In the end, the price that anyone can provide for voice transmission on the Net will trend toward zero.;Meg Whitman;movingon
Well I certainly have learned and I hope I'm moving on and certainly two years of prison was a terrible punishment.;Jeffrey Archer;movingon
In the theater, it's about taking time in a musical segment, a pause in a musical way and then moving on.;Marcia Gay Harden;movingon
With more than 67 percent of the Nation's freight moving on highways, economists believe that our ability to compete internationally is tied to the quality of our infrastructure.;Dennis Hastert;movingon
We are also fortunate in being in quite a sheltered environment, in terms of people moving on to do other things, because there are relatively few companies in Scotland that are looking for the skill set that we've developed.;David Milne;movingon
I can see that if this was an album done 10 or 15 years ago we could see we were moving on to some place else.;Wayne Coyne;movingon
The world is a crazy, beautiful, ugly complicated place, and it keeps moving on from crisis to strangeness to beauty to weirdness to tragedy. The caravan keeps moving on, and the job of the longform writer or filmmaker or radio broadcaster is to stop - is to pause - and when the caravan goes away, that's when this stuff comes.;David Remnick;movingon
I like to edit my sentences as I write them. I rearrange a sentence many times before moving on to the next one. For me, that editing process feels like a form of play, like a puzzle that needs solving, and it's one of the most satisfying parts of writing.;Karen Thompson Walker;movingon
I am pretty embroiled in moving on and moving forward with music.;Andy Summers;movingon
If it were the Clinton people, they'd be sitting around figuring out how to pull themselves out. Instead the president is continuing to go around the country and peddling Social Security, which the needle is not moving on.;Gwen Ifill;movingon
Kubrick's vision seemed to be that humans are doomed, whereas Clarke's is that humans are moving on to a better stage of evolution.;Marvin Minsky;movingon
After doing 'Firefly' and moving on, I always wanted to be part of a series again. I love doing films, too, but there's just something special about being part of the team and feeling like you're actually a part of the family, and I always look to re-create that.;Summer Glau;movingon
All of the sports have a safety net, but boxing is the only sport that has none. So when the fighter is through, he is through. While he was fighting his management was very excited for him, but now that he is done, that management team is moving on.;Gerry Cooney;movingon
Life goes on, and I'm moving on to the next thing, but I hope the soaps that are still running will thrive. They have millions of loyal viewers.;Susan Lucci;movingon
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.;Bob Marley;music
If music be the food of love, play on.;William Shakespeare;music
Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything.;Plato;music
Without music, life would be a mistake.;Friedrich Nietzsche;music
I was born with music inside me. Music was one of my parts. Like my ribs, my kidneys, my liver, my heart. Like my blood. It was a force already within me when I arrived on the scene. It was a necessity for me-like food or water.;Ray Charles;music
Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness.;Maya Angelou;music
Music doesn't lie. If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music.;Jimi Hendrix;music
I think music in itself is healing. It's an explosive expression of humanity. It's something we are all touched by. No matter what culture we're from, everyone loves music.;Billy Joel;music
Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.;Victor Hugo;music
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.;Aldous Huxley;music
Music is everybody's possession. It's only publishers who think that people own it.;John Lennon;music
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.;Lao Tzu;music
For me, singing sad songs often has a way of healing a situation. It gets the hurt out in the open into the light, out of the darkness.;Reba McEntire;music
Beautiful music is the art of the prophets that can calm the agitations of the soul it is one of the most magnificent and delightful presents God has given us.;Martin Luther;music
Music is my religion.;Jimi Hendrix;music
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.;Ludwig van Beethoven;music
Music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue.;Plato;music
It is cruel, you know, that music should be so beautiful. It has the beauty of loneliness of pain: of strength and freedom. The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love. The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony.;Benjamin Britten;music
In music the passions enjoy themselves.;Friedrich Nietzsche;music
I don't make music for eyes. I make music for ears.;Adele;music
Hell is full of musical amateurs.;George Bernard Shaw;music
Music can change the world because it can change people.;Bono;music
Next to the Word of God, the noble art of music is the greatest treasure in the world.;Martin Luther;music
Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.;Berthold Auerbach;music
Music is the shorthand of emotion.;Leo Tolstoy;music
If you want to make beautiful music, you must play the black and the white notes together.;Richard M. Nixon;music
There are more love songs than anything else. If songs could make you do something we'd all love one another.;Frank Zappa;music
You are the music while the music lasts.;T. S. Eliot;music
All good music resembles something. Good music stirs by its mysterious resemblance to the objects and feelings which motivated it.;Jean Cocteau;music
Music, in performance, is a type of sculpture. The air in the performance is sculpted into something.;Frank Zappa;music
Music is the strongest form of magic.;Marilyn Manson;music
If you look deep enough you will see music the heart of nature being everywhere music.;Thomas Carlyle;music
Music is well said to be the speech of angels.;Thomas Carlyle;music
I've said that playing the blues is like having to be black twice. Stevie Ray Vaughan missed on both counts, but I never noticed.;B. B. King;music
I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to.;Elvis Presley;music
Music is forever music should grow and mature with you, following you right on up until you die.;Paul Simon;music
All music is beautiful.;Billy Strayhorn;music
If a composer could say what he had to say in words he would not bother trying to say it in music.;Gustav Mahler;music
Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.;Kin Hubbard;music
Music when healthy, is the teacher of perfect order, and when depraved, the teacher of perfect disorder.;John Ruskin;music
Music is nothing else but wild sounds civilized into time and tune.;Thomas Fuller;music
Music is moonlight in the gloomy night of life.;Jean Paul;music
Music has charms to sooth a savage breast, to soften rocks, or bend a knotted oak.;William Congreve;music
It was my 16th birthday - my mom and dad gave me my Goya classical guitar that day. I sat down, wrote this song, and I just knew that that was the only thing I could ever really do - write songs and sing them to people.;Stevie Nicks;music
But when you get music and words together, that can be a very powerful thing.;Bryan Ferry;music
Where words fail, music speaks.;Hans Christian Andersen;music
Music is the fourth great material want, first food, then clothes, then shelter, then music.;Christian Nestell Bovee;music
Music happens to be an art form that transcends language.;Herbie Hancock;music
The wise musicians are those who play what they can master.;Duke Ellington;music
When words leave off, music begins.;Heinrich Heine;music
There's nothing like music to relieve the soul and uplift it.;Mickey Hart;music
No good opera plot can be sensible, for people do not sing when they are feeling sensible.;W. H. Auden;music
He has Van Gogh's ear for music.;Billy Wilder;music
The iPod completely changed the way people approach music.;Karl Lagerfeld;music
Music is the best means we have of digesting time.;W. H. Auden;music
You can't stay the same. If you're a musician and a singer, you have to change, that's the way it works.;Van Morrison;music
Music is love in search of a word.;Sidney Lanier;music
I don't care much about music. What I like is sounds.;Dizzy Gillespie;music
I asked my daughter when she was 16, What's the buzz on the street with the kids? She's going, to be honest, Dad, most of my friends aren't into Kiss. But they've all been told that it's the greatest show on Earth.;Ace Frehley;music
Any good music must be an innovation.;Les Baxter;music
Music is very spiritual, it has the power to bring people together.;Edgar Winter;music
Everywhere in the world, music enhances a hall, with one exception: Carnegie Hall enhances the music.;Isaac Stern;music
My music had roots which I'd dug up from my own childhood, musical roots buried in the darkest soil.;Ray Charles;music
Music should be your escape.;Missy Elliot;music
I think its so cool that you can pick up the guitar and create something that didn't exist 5 minutes ago. You can write something that no ones ever heard before. You have music at your fingertips.;Michelle Branch;music
Music is intended and designed for sentient beings that have hopes and purposes and emotions.;Jacques Barzun;music
My father used to sing to me in my mother's womb. I think I can name about any tune in two beats.;Yancy Butler;music
Composers shouldn't think too much - it interferes with their plagiarism.;Howard Dietz;music
I wake up in the morning, I do a little stretching exercises, pick up the horn and play.;Herb Alpert;music
Who hears music feels his solitude peopled at once.;Robert Browning;music
Long intros are cool because there's a little bit of anticipation, you know?;Miranda Lambert;music
You can never get silence anywhere nowadays, have you noticed?;Bryan Ferry;music
Music is the soul of language.;Max Heindel;music
Secretly, I wanted to look like Jimi Hendrix, but I could never quite pull it off.;Bryan Ferry;music
The real art of conducting consists in transitions.;Gustav Mahler;music
The advice I am giving always to all my students is above all to study the music profoundly... music is like the ocean, and the instruments are little or bigger islands, very beautiful for the flowers and trees.;Andres Segovia;music
I think often sadness is a great place to get songs from.;Sarah McLachlan;music
Music is the divine way to tell beautiful, poetic things to the heart.;Pablo Casals;music
Music is always changing and the changes are unpredictable.;Billy Sheehan;music
I was growing up listening to Queen. Freddie Mercury threw those incredible melodies into his songs.;Gary Cherone;music
There's a lot of music that sounds like it's literally computer-generated, totally divorced from a guy sitting down at an instrument.;Aimee Mann;music
I've never missed a gig yet. Music makes people happy, and that's why I go on doing it - I like to see everybody smile.;Buddy Guy;music
My music, my songs are 100 percent inspired by girl power.;Paulina Rubio;music
