Hypocrites in the Church? Yes, and in the lodge and at the home. Don't hunt through the Church for a hypocrite. Go home and look in the mirror. Hypocrites? Yes. See that you make the number one less.;Billy Sunday;home
Most children threaten at times to run away from home. This is the only thing that keeps some parents going.;Phyllis Diller;home
I just owe almost everything to my father and it's passionately interesting for me that the things that I learned in a small town, in a very modest home, are just the things that I believe have won the election.;Margaret Thatcher;home
Go to foreign countries and you will get to know the good things one possesses at home.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;home
My parents were the same in the pulpit as they were at home. I think that's where a lot of preachers' kids get off base sometimes. Because they don't see the same things at both places.;Joel Osteen;home
Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little, repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but content themselves with a mediocrity of success.;Dale Carnegie;home
On Sundays when I speak, I hopefully give somebody something that they can use the next day at work or at home.;Joel Osteen;home
The more one does and sees and feels, the more one is able to do, and the more genuine may be one's appreciation of fundamental things like home, and love, and understanding companionship.;Amelia Earhart;home
Today's misery is real unemployment, home foreclosures and bankruptcies. This is the Obama Misery Index and its at a record high. Its going to take more than new rhetoric to put Americans back to work - its going to take a new president.;Mitt Romney;home
Africa for the Africans... at home and abroad!;Marcus Garvey;home
I like a teacher who gives you something to take home to think about besides homework.;Lily Tomlin;home
You come home, and you party. But after that, you get a hangover. Everything about that is negative.;Mike Tyson;home
The Bible tells us that Jesus Christ came to do three things. He came to have my past forgiven, you get a purpose for living and a home in Heaven.;Rick Warren;home
I think a submarine is a very worthwhile weapon. I believe we can defend ourselves with submarines and all our troops back at home. This whole idea that we have to be in 130 countries and 900 bases... is an old-fashioned idea.;Ron Paul;home
For those who have come here illegally, they might have a transition time to allow them to set their affairs in order. And then go back home and get in line with everybody else. And if they get in line and they apply to become a citizen and get a green card, they will be treated like everybody else.;Mitt Romney;home
You see much more of your children once they leave home.;Lucille Ball;home
We all have times when we go home at night and pull out our hair and feel misunderstood and lonely and like we're falling. I think the brain is such that there is always going to be something missing.;Jude Law;home
Home is where one starts from.;T. S. Eliot;home
It's passionately interesting for me that the things that I learned in a small town, in a very modest home, are just the things that I believe have won the election.;Margaret Thatcher;home
My wife met me at the door the other night in a sexy negligee. Unfortunately, she was just coming home.;Rodney Dangerfield;home
The simplest questions are the most profound. Where were you born? Where is your home? Where are you going? What are you doing? Think about these once in a while and watch your answers change.;Richard Bach;home
Middle age is when you're sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isn't for you.;Ogden Nash;home
I watched Titanic when I got back home from the hospital, and cried. I knew that my IQ had been damaged.;Stephen King;home
A man marries to have a home, but also because he doesn't want to be bothered with sex and all that sort of thing.;W. Somerset Maugham;home
I never come back home with the same moral character I went out with something or other becomes unsettled where I had achieved internal peace some one or other of the things I had put to flight reappears on the scene.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;home
A home without books is a body without soul.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;home
Before deciding to retire, stay home for a week and watch the daytime TV shows.;Bill Copeland;home
The only way I'd be caught without makeup is if my radio fell in the bathtub while I was taking a bath and electrocuted me and I was in between makeup at home. I hope my husband would slap a little lipstick on me before he took me to the morgue.;Dolly Parton;home
It may be that the satisfaction I need depends on my going away, so that when I've gone and come back, I'll find it at home.;Rumi;home
I believe the home and marriage is the foundation of our society and must be protected.;Billy Graham;home
I suppose I could have stayed home and baked cookies and had teas.;Hillary Clinton;home
There's a tremendous difference between alone and lonely. You could be lonely in a group of people. I like being alone. I like eating by myself. I go home at night and just watch a movie or hang out with my dog. I have to exert myself and really say, oh God, I've got to see my friends 'cause I'm too content being by myself.;Drew Barrymore;home
Of all the home remedies, a good wife is best.;Kin Hubbard;home
To be happy at home is the ultimate result of all ambition, the end to which every enterprise and labor tends, and of which every desire prompts the prosecution.;Samuel Johnson;home
Charity begins at home, and justice begins next door.;Charles Dickens;home
Analogies, it is true, decide nothing, but they can make one feel more at home.;Sigmund Freud;home
Home is a name, a word, it is a strong one stronger than magician ever spoke, or spirit ever answered to, in the strongest conjuration.;Charles Dickens;home
Now, I know there are many Americans who say, 'Get out of Afghanistan. Bring 'em all home.' And there are others who say, 'Put in hundreds of thousands of more.';Hillary Clinton;home
There are a number of things wrong with Washington. One of them is that everyone is too far from home.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;home
No one realizes how beautiful it is to travel until he comes home and rests his head on his old, familiar pillow.;Lin Yutang;home
But, you know, you can't be a star at home.;Jim Carrey;home
For me, nothing has ever taken precedence over being a mother and having a family and a home.;Jessica Lange;home
I used to work in a funeral home to feel good about myself, just the fact that I was breathing.;Chuck Palahniuk;home
The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home.;James Madison;home
As much as I would love to be a person that goes to parties and has a couple of drinks and has a nice time, that doesn't work for me. I'd just rather sit at home and read, or go out to dinner with someone, or talk to someone I love, or talk to somebody that makes me laugh.;Daniel Radcliffe;home
I have Social Disease. I have to go out every night. If I stay home one night I start spreading rumors to my dogs.;Andy Warhol;home
I love cats because I enjoy my home and little by little, they become its visible soul.;Jean Cocteau;home
What power can poverty have over a home where loving hearts are beating with a consciousness of untold riches of the head and heart?;Orison Swett Marden;home
I had a lot of dates but I decided to stay home and dye my eyebrows.;Andy Warhol;home
We cannot defend freedom abroad by deserting it at home.;Edward R. Murrow;home
There's really no point in having children if you're not going to be home enough to father them.;Anthony Edwards;home
When everyone goes home, you're stuck with yourself.;Layne Staley;home
The loss of liberty at home is to be charged to the provisions against danger, real or imagined, from abroad.;James Madison;home
I think the best thing I can do is to be a distraction. A husband lives and breathes his work all day long. If he comes home to more table thumping, how can the poor man ever relax?;Jackie Kennedy;home
I've always looked for the perfect life to step into. I've taken all the paths to get where I wanted.But no matter where I go, I still come home me.;Layne Staley;home
If you want to be certain, you should never get married. You should never change jobs. In fact, you might as well just stay home. Because I don't know anybody who is certain. That need to be certain is just procrastination.;Mark Burnett;home
We are not about to send American boys 9 or 10 thousand miles away from home to do what Asian boys ought to be doing for themselves.;Lyndon B. Johnson;home
I should like to know what is the proper function of women, if it is not to make reasons for husbands to stay at home, and still stronger reasons for bachelors to go out.;George Eliot;home
The way to work with a bully is to take the ball and go home. First time, every time. When there's no ball, there's no game. Bullies hate that. So they'll either behave so they can play with you or they'll go bully someone else.;Seth Godin;home
If your neighbors think you're a detective because a cop always brings you home, you might be a redneck.;Jeff Foxworthy;home
Owning a home is a keystone of wealth - both financial affluence and emotional security.;Suze Orman;home
If they had a social gospel in the days of the prodigal son, somebody would have given him a bed and a sandwich and he never would have gone home.;Vance Havner;home
If I don't feel confident about my body, I'm not going to sit at home and feel sorry for myself and not do something about it. It's all about taking action and not being lazy. So you do the work, whether it's fitness or whatever. It's about getting up, motivating yourself and just doing it.;Kim Kardashian;home
I got a lovely check today from being a writer that I earned by sitting at home. That's rewarding.;Harvey Fierstein;home
If you want to be an entrepreneur, it's not a job, it's a lifestyle. It defines you. Forget about vacations, about going home at 6 pm - last thing at night you'll send emails, first thing in the morning you'll read emails, and you'll wake up in the middle of the night. But it's hugely rewarding as you're fulfilling something for yourself.;Niklas Zennstrom;home
It is a universal truth that the loss of liberty at home is to be charged to the provisions against danger, real or pretended, from abroad.;James Madison;home
A good job is more than just a paycheck. A good job fosters independence and discipline, and contributes to the health of the community. A good job is a means to provide for the health and welfare of your family, to own a home, and save for retirement.;James H. Douglas;home
Basically, I believe the world is a jungle, and if it's not a bit of a jungle in the home, a child cannot possibly be fit to enter the outside world.;Bette Davis;home
I never married because there was no need. I have three pets at home which answer the same purpose as a husband. I have a dog which growls every morning, a parrot which swears all afternoon, and a cat that comes home late at night.;Marie Corelli;home
To me luxury is to be at home with my daughter, and the occasional massage doesn't hurt.;Olivia Newton-John;home
If an ass goes travelling he will not come home a horse.;Thomas Fuller;home
This nation will remain the land of the free only so long as it is the home of the brave.;Elmer Davis;home
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.;Babe Ruth;home
The human brain now holds the key to our future. We have to recall the image of the planet from outer space: a single entity in which air, water, and continents are interconnected. That is our home.;David Suzuki;home
Education begins at home and I applaud the parents who recognize that they - not someone else - must take responsibility to assure that their children are well educated.;Ernest Istook;home
Children that are raised in a home with a married mother and father consistently do better in every measure of well-being than their peers who come from divorced or step-parent, single-parent, cohabiting homes.;Todd Tiahrt;home
Reading isn't good for a ballplayer. Not good for his eyes. If my eyes went bad even a little bit I couldn't hit home runs. So I gave up reading.;Babe Ruth;home
I like making things. I have a wood shop at home. I am a terrible carpenter but I love doing it.;P. J. O'Rourke;home
On stage I make love to twenty five thousand people and then I go home alone.;Janis Joplin;home
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.;Babe Ruth;home
All philosophies, if you ride them home, are nonsense, but some are greater nonsense than others.;Samuel Butler;home
I never learned hate at home, or shame. I had to go to school for that.;Dick Gregory;home
And I come here as a daughter, raised on the South Side of Chicago - by a father who was a blue-collar city worker and a mother who stayed at home with my brother and me.;Michelle Obama;home
Maria is the best reason to come home.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;home
Prepare for death, if here at night you roam, and sign your will before you sup from home.;Samuel Johnson;home
When you're safe at home you wish you were having an adventure when you're having an adventure you wish you were safe at home.;Thornton Wilder;home
And when the day arrives I'll become the sky and I'll become the sea and the sea will come to kiss me for I am going home. Nothing can stop me now.;Trent Reznor;home
The tragedy of modern war is that the young men die fighting each other - instead of their real enemies back home in the capitals.;Edward Abbey;home
There are things they tell us that sound good to hear, but when they have accomplished their purpose they will go home and will not try to fulfill our agreements with them.;Sitting Bull;home
For me, already being part of a single parent household and knowing it was just me and my mom, you'd would wake up times and hope that the next day you'd be able to be alongside your mother because she was out trying to make sure that I was taken care of. But all I cared about was her being home.;LeBron James;home
Perhaps it is a universal truth that the loss of liberty at home is to be charged to provisions against danger, real or pretended, from abroad.;James Madison;home
One never reaches home, but wherever friendly paths intersect the whole world looks like home for a time.;Hermann Hesse;home
A smile abroad is often a scowl at home.;Alfred Lord Tennyson;home
A whopping 89 percent of buyers start their home search online. How your house looks online is the modern equivalent of 'curb appeal.' Rent a wide-angle lens and good lighting, get rid of your clutter and post at least eight great photos to win the beauty contest.;Barbara Corcoran;home
Children are not casual guests in our home. They have been loaned to us temporarily for the purpose of loving them and instilling a foundation of values on which their future lives will be built.;James Dobson;home
Things aren't right. If a burglar breaks into your home and you shoot him, he can sue you. For what, restraint of trade?;Bill Maher;home
So I'm more at home with my backpack, sleeping in a hotel room or on a bus or on an airplane, than I am necessarily on a bed. It's weird being here. It feels like I'm standing next to my real life.;Henry Rollins;home
Always there has been some terrible evil at home or some monstrous foreign power that was going to gobble us up if we did not blindly rally behind it.;Douglas MacArthur;home
There are many truths of which the full meaning cannot be realized until personal experience has brought it home.;John Stuart Mill;home
