Editing is now the easiest thing on earth to do, and all the things that evolved out of word processing - 'Oh, let's put that sentence there, let's get rid of this' - have become commonplace in films and music too.;Brian Eno;music
For instance, I'm always fascinated to see whether, given the kind of fairly known and established form called popular music, whether there is some magic combination that nobody has hit upon before.;Brian Eno;music
There are certain sounds that I've found work well in nearly any context. Their function is not so much musical as spatial: they define the edges of the territory of the music.;Brian Eno;music
Once I started working with generative music in the 1970s, I was flirting with ideas of making a kind of endless music - not like a record that you'd put on, which would play for a while and finish.;Brian Eno;music
One often makes music to supplement one's world.;Brian Eno;music
I've got a feeling that music might not be the most interesting place to be in the world of things.;Brian Eno;music
Most game music is based on loops effectively.;Brian Eno;music
In England and Europe, we have this huge music called ambient - ambient techno, ambient house, ambient hip-hop, ambient this, ambient that.;Brian Eno;music
Lyrics are always misleading because they make people think that that's what the music is about.;Brian Eno;music
I got interested in the idea of music that could make itself, in a sense, in the mid 1960s really, when I first heard composers like Terry Riley, and when I first started playing with tape recorders.;Brian Eno;music
The whole history of pop music had rested on the first person singular, with occasional intrusions of the second person singular.;Brian Eno;music
The prospect of music being detachable from time and place meant that one could start to think of music as a part of one's furniture.;Brian Eno;music
Perhaps when music has been shouting for so long, a quieter voice seems attractive.;Brian Eno;music
Lyrics are the only thing to do with music that haven't been made easier technically.;Brian Eno;music
When superstition is allowed to perform the task of old age in dulling the human temperament, we can say goodbye to all excellence in poetry, in painting, and in music.;Denis Diderot;music
I've had to keep exploring different ways of presenting the music so I don't repeat myself.;Tori Amos;music
People listen to music the way they want to listen to music.;Tori Amos;music
I don't see music as working.;Tori Amos;music
My father was a minister and so rock music was banned in our house.;Tori Amos;music
This was a time frame when dance music and clubs were having a real impact on culture, and it had an impact on me.;Tori Amos;music
Music is always a reflection of what's going on in the hearts and minds of the culture.;Tori Amos;music
Some of the greatest blues music is some of the darkest music you've ever heard.;Bruce Springsteen;music
I was irrevocably betrothed to laughter, the sound of which has always seemed to me the most civilised music in the world.;Peter Ustinov;music
We are the music makers. We are the dreamers of the dream.;Arthur O'Shaughnessy;music
Rap music's been around for too long now to be inspirational. The words are, but the music isn't.;Alexander McQueen;music
What we don't need in country music is divisiveness, public criticism of each other, and some arbitrary judgement of what belongs and what doesn't.;Charley Pride;music
From the beginning, I knew intuitively that if nothing else, music was safe, and that nobody could tell me anything about it. Music didn't need a middleman, whereas all the other things in school needed some kind of explanation.;Eric Clapton;music
With music, you often don't have to translate it. It just affects you, and you don't know why.;David Byrne;music
I try to devote my afternoons to making music in my home studio, but it's a lot more fun hanging out with musicians and friends, and trying subtly to influence a band than making your own stuff.;David Byrne;music
I happened to come along in the music business when there was no trend.;Elvis Presley;music
I dabbled in things like Howlin' Wolf, Cream and Led Zeppelin, but when I heard Son House and Robert Johnson, it blew my mind. It was something I'd been missing my whole life. That music made me discard everything else and just get down to the soul and honesty of the blues.;Jack White;music
There are so many opportunities in life, that the loss of two or three capabilities is not necessarily debilitating. A handicap can give you the opportunity to focus more on art, writing, or music.;Jim Davis;music
I love music.;Shania Twain;music
I have such happy memories of performing in a choir and I don't think I'd have got where I am today without all that experience. So my advice to young singers is to either join your school or church's choir or find one in your local area. Choral music at any level teaches you so much about musicianship and blending your voice.;Katherine Jenkins;music
The business side of film has goofed up so many things, but even that's changing. It happened to the music industry and now it's happening to the film studios. It's crazy what's going on. But artists should have control of their work especially if, as I always say, you never turn down a good idea and never take a bad idea.;David Lynch;music
I travel the garden of music, thru inspiration. It's a large, very large garden, seen?;Peter Tosh;music
I've seen country music go uptown, like we say, and I'm proud I was there when it happened.;Loretta Lynn;music
I love country music, blues, and punk, and one day I might make those kinds of records.;Kesha;music
I think there's nothing better than seeing a three-chord straight up rock 'n' roll band in your face with sweaty music and three minute good songs.;Joan Jett;music
It had never occurred to me before that music and thinking are so much alike. In fact you could say music is another way of thinking, or maybe thinking is another kind of music.;Ursula K. Le Guin;music
The desire to hit a big home run is dominating the music business.;Billy Corgan;music
When you actually like each other, it translates to the music.;Billy Corgan;music
You have to be willing to deal with the ups and downs of the music, the ups and downs of the audience.;Billy Corgan;music
To be able to put your arms around 24 years of music, it's really fun.;Billy Corgan;music
Music is your guide.;Billy Corgan;music
I'm prepared to spend the rest of my life playing clubs, if that means I'm playing music that I believe in.;Billy Corgan;music
People think I take some sort of masochistic pleasure out of putting out music that's gonna be unpopular.;Billy Corgan;music
I was fantasising about my own death, I started thinking what my funeral would be like and what music would be played, I was at that level of insanity.;Billy Corgan;music
Most of my arguments with musicians through the years have had more to do with their attitude about music, or their attitude about their own lives, or their personal responsibility. Music has never really been the big centerpiece of the fight.;Billy Corgan;music
The ideology of the Smashing Pumpkins was ultimately more valuable than the music of the Smashing Pumpkins. That's what critics can't put their finger on.;Billy Corgan;music
To re-embrace what I once loved about music has been a warming process for me, because it's a good, earned feeling now.;Billy Corgan;music
Cinematography is infinite in its possibilities... much more so than music or language.;Conrad Hall;music
It was all about music, about getting your friends to come and see you play. I don't see that same intimacy happening very much today.;Layne Staley;music
Mathematics is, as it were, a sensuous logic, and relates to philosophy as do the arts, music, and plastic art to poetry.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;music
I believe it is in my nature to dance by virtue of the beat of my heart, the pulse of my blood and the music in my mind.;Robert Fulghum;music
If you like my music, great, and if you don't, whatever. I'm going to keep making it either way.;Katy Perry;music
Oh, I will always be honest with my music. The records are black boxes for me. Like if you want to know who I am, my views, my perspective, things I love, things I hate, my convictions, my anthems. I've never let people's opinions affect the way I write.;Katy Perry;music
Music - that's been my education. There's not a day that goes by that I take it for granted.;Billie Joe Armstrong;music
I love jazz music and sad music. I'm a sentimental guy. I'm a romantic guy.;Fred Durst;music
Does art have a future? Performance genres like opera, theater, music and dance are thriving all over the world, but the visual arts have been in slow decline for nearly 40 years. No major figure of profound influence has emerged in painting or sculpture since the waning of Pop Art and the birth of Minimalism in the early 1970s.;Camille Paglia;music
The only love affair I have ever had was with music.;Maurice Ravel;music
There are certain things in which mediocrity is not to be endured, such as poetry, music, painting, public speaking.;Jean de la Bruyere;music
If anyone asks you what kind of music you play, tell him 'pop.' Don't tell him 'rock'n'roll' or they won't even let you in the hotel.;Buddy Holly;music
I'd call what I do pop music, but it's folky and electronic and it doesn't really sound like much else.;Ellie Goulding;music
We're not uncomfortable with it, and we've already been through enough of the music business where I'm not really worried that commercial success is going to in some way - we're already past saving, you know what I mean? It's too late for us.;Jerry Garcia;music
A verbal art like poetry is reflective it stops to think. Music is immediate, it goes on to become.;W. H. Auden;music
Mumford &amp Sons' music appeals to a lot of America. I'm really proud of them.;Ellie Goulding;music
To know how to suggest is the great art of teaching. To attain it we must be able to guess what will interest we must learn to read the childish soul as we might a piece of music. Then, by simply changing the key, we keep up the attraction and vary the song.;Henri Frederic Amiel;music
Men are wary of me because they know, by listening to my music, that a relationship with me will be quite deep.;Ellie Goulding;music
I've been all over the world. I love New York, I love Paris, San Francisco, so many places. But there's no place like New Orleans. It's got the best food. It's got the best music. It's got the best people. It's got the most fun stuff to do.;Harry Connick, Jr.;music
I'm quite private. And I never wanted to be the biggest star in the world, really. So in that sense I've got a good balance of doing great shows, of making an appearance every now and then and writing music, and I don't really have to do much else.;Ellie Goulding;music
Music of all arts should be expansive and inclusive.;Jesse Jackson;music
People always try to find my agenda, but I don't really have one. It's safe to say that I make pop, but I think that I'm doing important music, too. I've just always done what I wanted to do.;Ellie Goulding;music
Since I met Starsmith, my producer, I really feel like I'm making music because we write it together and produce it together. I've got a proper involvement in the end product as opposed to just writing a song and finding someone else to produce it.;Ellie Goulding;music
Because of the Thames I have always loved inland waterways - water in general, water sounds - there's music in water. Brooks babbling, fountains splashing. Weirs, waterfalls tumbling, gushing.;Julie Andrews;music
I never gave up on country music because I knew what I was doing was not that bad.;Willie Nelson;music
I'd like a male to listen to my music and find it kind of fascinating, what a girl goes through when they get heartbroken or get sad or get hurt by something.;Ellie Goulding;music
A lot of country music is sad.;Willie Nelson;music
I could always sing, from a really young age, but my voice was really weird. I used to make my mum turn up the radio every day in our house. She was well into music so I got that from her.;Ellie Goulding;music
There's a great enthusiasm for good country music all over the world.;Willie Nelson;music
I maintain that when I finally retire from my career in music, I will go and live back in Wales - when I am an old person, if I live to be an old person. The water I miss, and the air, there's something different about it. And I miss the simple life.;Ellie Goulding;music
I think Ray Charles did as much as anybody when he did his country music album. Ray Charles broke down borders and showed the similarities between country music and R&ampB.;Willie Nelson;music
I've always said that Adele has turned so many people on to British singers - whether female singers or just like music from this country in general.;Ellie Goulding;music
We used to play music for fun. Much more than now. Now nobody picks up a guitar unless they're paid for it.;Leonard Cohen;music
I'm obsessed with the countryside: woods, forests, fields, lakes, mountains. I'm really into folk music and folklore. But more so I'm into electronic music. I'm into bands that have both aspects, like Boards of Canada is a perfect example. You could listen to that type of music running through a woods. It's kind of what I wanted to achieve.;Ellie Goulding;music
I need music. It's like my heartbeat, so to speak. It keeps me going no matter what's going on - bad games, press, whatever!;LeBron James;music
I don't really have a style icon but I really admire the way people dress like Gaga, Rihanna and Gwen Stefani. It's good to be inspired by singers who write music and dress incredibly - rather than models and people in the fashion industry who dress immaculately anyway because it's their style.;Ellie Goulding;music
It is so characteristic, that just when the mechanics of reproduction are so vastly improved, there are fewer and fewer people who know how the music should be played.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;music
I met Prince William at a musical festival and he let me know he was a fan of my music. But the invitation to sing at his wedding reception came completely out of the blue. The fact that Kate and William knew the words to my songs was very touching.;Ellie Goulding;music
Pop changes week to week, month to month. But great music is like literature.;Ravi Shankar;music
I started getting these attacks in 2009, just as my music career was taking off. I'd be doing photo-shoots and started to feel like I was having heart attacks. Increasingly I found it difficult to step outside my flat. Things started to get better after I saw a therapist, who told me I needed to make peace with my panic attacks.;Ellie Goulding;music
I was always struck by how Picasso had no interest in music.;David Hockney;music
I start really missing London when I go away. I have a little flat, but very central. I live above a pub and you'd think it'd be a nightmare, but I like hearing the music and it's quite comforting.;Ellie Goulding;music
I am happy to make money. I want to make more money, make more music, eat Big Macs and drink Budweisers.;Kid Rock;music
I didn't want to go out and change anything. I just wanted to make the music that was part of my background, which was rock and blues and hip-hop.;Kid Rock;music
It didn't even occur to me that I'm the last person in the world who should play salsa or Brazilian music.;David Byrne;music
You create a community with music, not just at concerts but by talking about it with your friends.;David Byrne;music
I've noticed a lot of younger artists have less fear of doing different sorts of things, whether it's various types of music, or gallery artists moving between video and sculpture and drawing.;David Byrne;music
The making of music is profoundly affected by the market.;David Byrne;music
