To the mind, God is a perfect criminal. He has done such a perfect crime by creating this world that mind cannot trace how He did it. That is why the mind always freaks out about God.;Prem Rawat;god
I'm Jewish. I don't work out. If God had wanted us to bend over, He would have put diamonds on the floor.;Joan Rivers;god
Gibson has been making the finest electric guitars the world has ever witnessed for over 70 years. They are as American as God, guns and rock and roll.;Ted Nugent;god
God may forgive your sins, but your nervous system won't.;Alfred Korzybski;god
I used to hurt so badly that I'd ask God why, what have I done to deserve any of this? I feel now He was preparing me for this, for the future. That's the way I see it.;Eden Phillpotts;god
We have domesticated God's transcendence. We often learn about God at about the same time as we are learning about Santa Claus but our ideas about Santa Claus change, mature and become more nuanced, whereas our ideas of God can remain at a rather infantile level.;Karen Armstrong;god
The face you have at age 25 is the face God gave you, but the face you have after 50 is the face you earned.;Cindy Crawford;god
I've looked on many women with lust. I've committed adultery in my heart many times. God knows I will do this and forgives me.;Jimmy Carter;god
Man's sin is in his failure to live what he is. Being the master of the earth, man forgets that he is the servant of God.;Abraham Joshua Heschel;god
I really am pretty happy with what God gave me.;Jennifer Aniston;god
Discernment is God's call to intercession, never to faultfinding.;Corrie Ten Boom;god
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.;Edmund Burke;good
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come.;Dalai Lama;good
If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed.;Albert Einstein;good
Despite everything, I believe that people are really good at heart.;Anne Frank;good
When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. That's my religion.;Abraham Lincoln;good
We will have to repent in this generation not merely for the vitriolic words and actions of the bad people, but for the appalling silence of the good people.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;good
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.;Mother Teresa;good
Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws.;Plato;good
There has to be evil so that good can prove its purity above it.;Buddha;good
The good times of today, are the sad thoughts of tomorrow.;Bob Marley;good
It is better to be beautiful than to be good. But... it is better to be good than to be ugly.;Oscar Wilde;good
A true friend is someone who thinks that you are a good egg even though he knows that you are slightly cracked.;Bernard Meltzer;good
I can live for two months on a good compliment.;Mark Twain;good
There is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so.;William Shakespeare;good
A man who is good enough to shed his blood for the country is good enough to be given a square deal afterwards.;Theodore Roosevelt;good
But I say to you, Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, so that you may be sons of your Father who is in heaven for he makes his sun rise on the evil and on the good, and sends rain on the just and on the unjust.;Jesus Christ;good
The more we come out and do good to others, the more our hearts will be purified, and God will be in them.;Swami Vivekananda;good
It takes many good deeds to build a good reputation, and only one bad one to lose it.;Benjamin Franklin;good
When I'm good, I'm very good. But when I'm bad I'm better.;Mae West;good
Honest disagreement is often a good sign of progress.;Mahatma Gandhi;good
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.;John D. Rockefeller;good
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.;Will Rogers;good
If you can't make it good, at least make it look good.;Bill Gates;good
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do.;Voltaire;good
Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company.;Booker T. Washington;good
A man is called selfish not for pursuing his own good, but for neglecting his neighbor's.;Richard Whately;good
You're in pretty good shape for the shape you are in.;Dr. Seuss;good
Good things happen to those who hustle.;Anais Nin;good
Not only must we be good, but we must also be good for something.;Henry David Thoreau;good
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.;Samuel Johnson;good
If you don't think every day is a good day, just try missing one.;Cavett Robert;good
It takes a great man to be a good listener.;Calvin Coolidge;good
Learn to... be what you are, and learn to resign with a good grace all that you are not.;Henri Frederic Amiel;good
An inexhaustible good nature is one of the most precious gifts of heaven, spreading itself like oil over the troubled sea of thought, and keeping the mind smooth and equable in the roughest weather.;Washington Irving;good
On the whole, human beings want to be good, but not too good, and not quite all the time.;George Orwell;good
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;good
It's good to shut up sometimes.;Marcel Marceau;good
It is not good to be too free. It is not good to have everything one wants.;Blaise Pascal;good
Less is only more where more is no good.;Frank Lloyd Wright;good
Acorns were good until bread was found.;Francis Bacon;good
The omission of good is no less reprehensible than the commission of evil.;Plutarch;good
What the people want is very simple - they want an America as good as its promise.;Barbara Jordan;good
Laughter is the sensation of feeling good all over and showing it principally in one place.;Josh Billings;good
I believe that we parents must encourage our children to become educated, so they can get into a good college that we cannot afford.;Dave Barry;good
Good leaders make people feel that they're at the very heart of things, not at the periphery.;Warren G. Bennis;good
Only the young die good.;Oliver Herford;good
I have made good judgments in the past. I have made good judgments in the future.;Dan Quayle;good
That which is striking and beautiful is not always good, but that which is good is always beautiful.;Ninon de L'Enclos;good
Good copy can't be written with tongue in cheek, written just for a living. You've got to believe in the product.;David Ogilvy;good
A good scare is worth more to a man than good advice.;E. W. Howe;good
Be sweet, be good, and honest always.;Emma Bunton;good
A man has to live with himself, and he should see to it that he always has good company.;Charles Evans Hughes;good
He who bestows his goods upon the poor shall have as much again, and ten times more.;John Bunyan;good
They're only truly great who are truly good.;George Chapman;good
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;good
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.;Audrey Hepburn;good
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.;Winston Churchill;good
I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day.;Frank Sinatra;good
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him.;Buddha;good
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.;Bob Marley;good
History will have to record that the greatest tragedy of this period of social transition was not the strident clamor of the bad people, but the appalling silence of the good people.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;good
A wise and frugal Government, which shall restrain men from injuring one another, which shall leave them otherwise free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement, and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned. This is the sum of good government, and this is necessary to close the circlue of our felicities.;Thomas Jefferson;good
By all means, marry. If you get a good wife, you'll become happy if you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher.;Socrates;good
A man who was completely innocent, offered himself as a sacrifice for the good of others, including his enemies, and became the ransom of the world. It was a perfect act.;Mahatma Gandhi;good
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.;Nelson Mandela;good
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?;Buddha;good
Let him who would enjoy a good future waste none of his present.;Roger Babson;good
A good wife is one who serves her husband in the morning like a mother does, loves him in the day like a sister does and pleases him like a prostitute in the night.;Chanakya;good
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth.;Bo Bennett;good
The first question which the priest and the Levite asked was: 'If I stop to help this man, what will happen to me?' But... the good Samaritan reversed the question: 'If I do not stop to help this man, what will happen to him?';Martin Luther King, Jr.;good
Friends and good manners will carry you where money won't go.;Margaret Walker;good
It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. This is how the whole scheme of things works. All good things are difficult to achieve and bad things are very easy to get.;Confucius;good
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.;Buddha;good
The very atmosphere of firearms anywhere and everywhere restrains evil interference - they deserve a place of honor with all that's good.;George Washington;good
The ultimate tragedy is not the oppression and cruelty by the bad people but the silence over that by the good people.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;good
A good marriage would be between a blind wife and a deaf husband.;Michel de Montaigne;good
An empty stomach is not a good political adviser.;Albert Einstein;good
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him. Wife or mother, if it is both, he is twice blessed indeed.;Godfrey Winn;good
It is wonderful how much time good people spend fighting the devil. If they would only expend the same amount of energy loving their fellow men, the devil would die in his own tracks of ennui.;Helen Keller;good
Shallow understanding from people of good will is more frustrating than absolute misunderstanding from people of ill will.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;good
He who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead his eyes are closed.;Albert Einstein;good
Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind. To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue.;Buddha;good
Our greatest happiness does not depend on the condition of life in which chance has placed us, but is always the result of a good conscience, good health, occupation, and freedom in all just pursuits.;Thomas Jefferson;good
Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.;Mark Twain;good
I am not interested in power for power's sake, but I'm interested in power that is moral, that is right and that is good.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;good
I firmly believe that any man's finest hour, the greatest fulfillment of all that he holds dear, is that moment when he has worked his heart out in a good cause and lies exhausted on the field of battle - victorious.;Vince Lombardi;good
You can't stop loving or wanting to love because when its right it's the best thing in the world. When you're in a relationship and its good, even if nothing else in your life is right, you feel like your whole world is complete.;Keith Sweat;good
I once had a rose named after me and I was very flattered. But I was not pleased to read the description in the catalogue: no good in a bed, but fine up against a wall.;Eleanor Roosevelt;good
