The past is our definition. We may strive with good reason to escape it, or to escape what is bad in it. But we will escape it only by adding something better to it.;Wendell Berry;good
I would go to the deeps a hundred times to cheer a downcast spirit. It is good for me to have been afflicted, that I might know how to speak a word in season to one that is weary.;Charles Spurgeon;good
To me, to be a conservative means to conserve the good parts of America and to conserve our Constitution.;Ron Paul;good
The good die young but not always. The wicked prevail but not consistently. I am confused by life, and I feel safe within the confines of the theatre.;Helen Hayes;good
A book is good company. It is full of conversation without loquacity. It comes to your longing with full instruction, but pursues you never.;Henry Ward Beecher;good
Capitalism is the astounding belief that the most wickedest of men will do the most wickedest of things for the greatest good of everyone.;John Maynard Keynes;good
Be sure what you want and be sure about yourself. Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.;Adriana Lima;good
And I hope that five years and 10 years from now, I'll be a better man, a more mature man, a wiser man, a more humble man and a more spirited man to serve the good of my people and the good of humanity.;Louis Farrakhan;good
I want to state upfront, unequivocally and without doubt: I do not believe that any racial, ethnic or gender group has an advantage in sound judging. I do believe that every person has an equal opportunity to be a good and wise judge, regardless of their background or life experiences.;Sonia Sotomayor;good
It makes my heart sick when I remember all the good words and the broken promises.;Chief Joseph;good
It's no good running a pig farm badly for 30 years while saying, 'Really, I was meant to be a ballet dancer.' By then, pigs will be your style.;Quentin Crisp;good
What is the good of your stars and trees, your sunrise and the wind, if they do not enter into our daily lives?;E. M. Forster;good
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.;Andy Warhol;good
A lot of good arguments are spoiled by some fool who knows what he is talking about.;Miguel de Unamuno;good
It is impossible to imagine Goethe or Beethoven being good at billiards or golf.;H. L. Mencken;good
The sad truth is that most evil is done by people who never make up their minds to be good or evil.;Hannah Arendt;good
Heaven and hell suppose two distinct species of men, the good and the bad. But the greatest part of mankind float betwixt vice and virtue.;David Hume;good
There are only really a few stories to tell in the end, and betrayal and the failure of love is one of those good stories to tell.;Sean Lennon;good
The chief enemy of creativity is 'good' sense.;Pablo Picasso;good
If I'd had good discipline, I might have gone into music.;Clint Eastwood;good
I had three points I wanted to make: That not everybody in Hollywood is on the left, that Obama has broken a lot of the promises he made when he took office, and that the people should feel free to get rid of any politician who's not doing a good job. But I didn't make up my mind exactly what I was going to say until I said it.;Clint Eastwood;good
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer.;Ted Williams;good
Nothing tastes as good as skinny feels.;Kate Moss;good
The main foundations of every state, new states as well as ancient or composite ones, are good laws and good arms you cannot have good laws without good arms, and where there are good arms, good laws inevitably follow.;Niccolo Machiavelli;good
We don't have enough support for maternal leave and the kinds of things that some of the European countries do. So we still make it hard on women to go into the work force and feel that they can be good at work but then doing the most important job, which is raising your children in a responsible and positive way.;Hillary Clinton;good
A good idea is about ten percent and implementation and hard work, and luck is 90 percent.;Guy Kawasaki;good
Hell isn't merely paved with good intentions it's walled and roofed with them. Yes, and furnished too.;Aldous Huxley;good
The fact is that people are good, Give people affection and security, and they will give affection and be secure in their feelings and their behavior.;Abraham Maslow;good
It's good to know how to read, but it's dangerous to know how to read and not how to interpret what you're reading.;Mike Tyson;good
When you have a good mother and no father, God kind of sits in. It's not enough, but it helps.;Dick Gregory;good
The American people I talk to don't spend every moment thinking, 'How can I tax my neighbor more than they're being taxed?' They say, 'How can I get a good job? How can my kids get good jobs? How can seniors have a confidence in their future when they know that Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid are bankrupt?';Mitt Romney;good
Women wish to be loved without a why or a wherefore not because they are pretty, or good, or well-bred, or graceful, or intelligent, but because they are themselves.;Henri Frederic Amiel;good
A man must be willing to die for justice. Death is an inescapable reality and men die daily, but good deeds live forever.;Jesse Jackson;good
A bad man is the sort who weeps every time he speaks of a good woman.;H. L. Mencken;good
A garden requires patient labor and attention. Plants do not grow merely to satisfy ambitions or to fulfill good intentions. They thrive because someone expended effort on them.;Liberty Hyde Bailey;good
I question myself every day. That's what I still find motivating about this. I don't have the answers, I don't pretend that I do just because I won the match. Just keep fighting and maybe something good happens.;Andre Agassi;good
By having a reverence for life, we enter into a spiritual relation with the world By practicing reverence for life we become good, deep, and alive.;Albert Schweitzer;good
Dedicate yourself to the good you deserve and desire for yourself. Give yourself peace of mind. You deserve to be happy. You deserve delight.;Hannah Arendt;good
Feeling good about government is like looking on the bright side of any catastrophe. When you quit looking on the bright side, the catastrophe is still there.;P. J. O'Rourke;good
Never be discouraged. If I were sunk in the lowest pits of Nova Scotia, with the Rocky Mountains piled on me, I would hang on, exercise faith, and keep up good courage, and I would come out on top.;Joseph Smith, Jr.;good
Chemistry can be a good and bad thing. Chemistry is good when you make love with it. Chemistry is bad when you make crack with it.;Adam Sandler;good
Happiness? A good cigar, a good meal, a good cigar and a good woman - or a bad woman it depends on how much happiness you can handle.;George Burns;good
Sorrow can be alleviated by good sleep, a bath and a glass of wine.;Thomas Aquinas;good
Say 'no' more than 'yes,' and just make sure you surround yourself with good people.;Lindsay Lohan;good
The word 'good' has many meanings. For example, if a man were to shoot his grandmother at a range of five hundred yards, I should call him a good shot, but not necessarily a good man.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;good
Compromise is but the sacrifice of one right or good in the hope of retaining another - too often ending in the loss of both.;Tryon Edwards;good
Ten percent of the big fish still remain. There are still some blue whales. There are still some krill in Antarctica. There are a few oysters in Chesapeake Bay. Half the coral reefs are still in pretty good shape, a jeweled belt around the middle of the planet. There's still time, but not a lot, to turn things around.;Sylvia Earle;good
A good man would prefer to be defeated than to defeat injustice by evil means.;Sallust;good
If you stand up and be counted, from time to time you may get yourself knocked down. But remember this: A man flattened by an opponent can get up again. A man flattened by conformity stays down for good.;Thomas J. Watson;good
A good photograph is knowing where to stand.;Ansel Adams;good
I am glad that I paid so little attention to good advice had I abided by it I might have been saved from some of my most valuable mistakes.;Edna St. Vincent Millay;good
We are all ready to be savage in some cause. The difference between a good man and a bad one is the choice of the cause.;William James;good
Anyone who proposes to do good must not expect people to roll stones out of his way, but must accept his lot calmly, even if they roll a few stones upon it.;Albert Schweitzer;good
Perhaps it's good for one to suffer. Can an artist do anything if he's happy? Would he ever want to do anything? What is art, after all, but a protest against the horrible inclemency of life?;Aldous Huxley;good
We seldom find any person of good sense, except those who share our opinions.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;good
There is something good in all seeming failures. You are not to see that now. Time will reveal it. Be patient.;Sivananda;good
Men and women of every faith and good people with none at all sincerely strive to do right and lead a purpose-driven life.;Mitt Romney;good
No man is good enough to govern any woman without her consent.;Susan B. Anthony;good
Julia progresses from cradle to grave, showing how government makes every good thing in her life possible. The weak economy, high unemployment, falling wages, rising gas prices, the national debt, the insolvency of entitlements - all these are fictionally assumed away in a cartoon that is produced by a president who wants us to forget about them.;Mitt Romney;good
I wasn't in school often enough to really belong to a 'clique,' but my friends all studied hard and got pretty good grades. They were good people with self-respect. I still like to be friends with people I admire something about I really believe that we become like the people we're surrounded by, so I choose my friends carefully!;Danica McKellar;good
What does it say about a president's policies when he has to use a cartoon character rather than real people to justify his record? What does it say about the fiction of old liberalism to insist that good jobs and good schools and good wages will result from policies that have failed us, time and again?;Mitt Romney;good
And that's how it is in America. We look to our communities, our faiths, our families for our joy, our support, in good times and bad. It is both how we live our lives and why we live our lives.;Mitt Romney;good
I am running for president to help create a better future. A future where everyone who wants a job can find one. Where no senior fears for the security of their retirement. An America where every parent knows that their child will get an education that leads them to a good job and a bright horizon.;Mitt Romney;good
Husbands never become good they merely become proficient.;H. L. Mencken;good
When times are tough and people are frustrated and angry and hurting and uncertain, the politics of constant conflict may be good, but what is good politics does not necessarily work in the real world. What works in the real world is cooperation.;William J. Clinton;good
Joyfulness keeps the heart and face young. A good laugh makes us better friends with ourselves and everybody around us.;Orison Swett Marden;good
The secret to success is good leadership, and good leadership is all about making the lives of your team members or workers better.;Tony Dungy;good
There is nothing I love as much as a good fight.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;good
If one has a good disposition, what other virtue is needed? If a man has fame, what is the value of other ornamentation?;Chanakya;good
Good things happen when you meet strangers.;Yo-Yo Ma;good
If women believed in their husbands they would be a good deal happier and also a good deal more foolish.;H. L. Mencken;good
There is a saying in Baltimore that crabs may be prepared in fifty ways and that all of them are good.;H. L. Mencken;good
I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem - and that yardstick is: Is it good for America?;Dwight D. Eisenhower;good
To kill an error is as good a service as, and sometimes even better than, the establishing of a new truth or fact.;Charles Darwin;good
A bad book is as much of a labor to write as a good one, it comes as sincerely from the author's soul.;Aldous Huxley;good
Why not invest your assets in the companies you really like? As Mae West said, 'Too much of a good thing can be wonderful'.;Warren Buffett;good
The worst thing about that kind of prejudice... is that while you feel hurt and angry and all the rest of it, it feeds you self-doubt. You start thinking, perhaps I am not good enough.;Nina Simone;good
A good motto is: use friendliness but do not use your friends.;Frank Crane;good
I surround myself with positive, productive people of good will and decency.;Ted Nugent;good
One can know a man from his laugh, and if you like a man's laugh before you know anything of him, you may confidently say that he is a good man.;Fyodor Dostoevsky;good
Walk a mile in my shoes is good advice. Our children will learn to respect others if they are used to imagining themselves in another's place.;Neil Kurshan;good
As people do better, they start voting like Republicans - unless they have too much education and vote Democratic, which proves there can be too much of a good thing.;Karl Rove;good
If there is dissatisfaction with the status quo, good. If there is ferment, so much the better. If there is restlessness, I am pleased. Then let there be ideas, and hard thought, and hard work. If man feels small, let man make himself bigger.;Hubert H. Humphrey;good
Inspiration is one thing and you can't control it, but hard work is what keeps the ship moving. Good luck means, work hard. Keep up the good work.;Kevin Eubanks;good
I don't think Christmas is necessarily about things. It's about being good to one another, it's about the Christian ethic, it's about kindness.;Carrie Fisher;good
The hardest job kids face today is learning good manners without seeing any.;Fred Astaire;good
If merely 'feeling good' could decide, drunkenness would be the supremely valid human experience.;William James;good
I don't think it's a good advert for any restaurant, a fat chef, and secondly, who wants to eat a dessert when the chef's a fat pig.;Gordon Ramsay;good
Our forces saved the remnants of the Jewish people of Europe for a new life and a new hope in the reborn land of Israel. Along with all men of good will, I salute the young state and wish it well.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;good
My New Year's resolution is to stick to a good workout plan that will keep me healthy and happy.;James Lafferty;good
Everyone who wants to do good to the human race always ends in universal bullying.;Aldous Huxley;good
Surround yourself with good people. Whether they're the best or not, people are capable of learning if they've got good hearts and they're good souls.;Kid Rock;good
For evil to flourish, it only requires good men to do nothing.;Simon Wiesenthal;good
The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an ice-cream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free.;Ray Manzarek;good
Anybody who says they are a good liar obviously is not, because any legitimately savvy liar would always insist they're honest about everything.;Chuck Klosterman;good
I think most of the people involved in any art always secretly wonder whether they are really there because they're good or there because they're lucky.;Katharine Hepburn;good
There are no rules for good photographs, there are only good photographs.;Ansel Adams;good
He that gives good advice, builds with one hand he that gives good counsel and example, builds with both but he that gives good admonition and bad example, builds with one hand and pulls down with the other.;Francis Bacon;good
The only work that will ultimately bring any good to any of us is the work of contributing to the healing of the world.;Marianne Williamson;good
