What this power is I cannot say all I know is that it exists and it becomes available only when a man is in that state of mind in which he knows exactly what he wants and is fully determined not to quit until he finds it.;Alexander Graham Bell;power
Everything is generated through your own will power.;Ray Bradbury;power
Rank does not confer privilege or give power. It imposes responsibility.;Peter Drucker;power
It is certain, in any case, that ignorance, allied with power, is the most ferocious enemy justice can have.;James A. Baldwin;power
When anyone has the power to destroy the whole human race in a matter of hours, it becomes a moral issue. The church must speak out.;Billy Graham;power
All too often arrogance accompanies strength, and we must never assume that justice is on the side of the strong. The use of power must always be accompanied by moral choice.;Theodore Bikel;power
If you must break the law, do it to seize power: in all other cases observe it.;Julius Caesar;power
We look forward to the time when the Power of Love will replace the Love of Power. Then will our world know the blessings of peace.;William E. Gladstone;power
We all have our own life to pursue, our own kind of dream to be weaving, and we all have the power to make wishes come true, as long as we keep believing.;Louisa May Alcott;power
Freedom is a man's natural power of doing what he pleases, so far as he is not prevented by force or law.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;power
Except our own thoughts, there is nothing absolutely in our power.;Rene Descartes;power
People crushed by laws, have no hope but to evade power. If the laws are their enemies, they will be enemies to the law and those who have most to hope and nothing to lose will always be dangerous.;Edmund Burke;power
Love is the power to see similarity in the dissimilar.;Theodor Adorno;power
He who has great power should use it lightly.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;power
To be able to endure odium is the first art to be learned by those who aspire to power.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;power
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;power
There is none made so great, but he may both need the help and service, and stand in fear of the power and unkindness, even of the meanest of mortals.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;power
You have a good many little gifts and virtues, but there is no need of parading them, for conceit spoils the finest genius. There is not much danger that real talent or goodness will be overlooked long, and the great charm of all power is modesty.;Louisa May Alcott;power
If a small thing has the power to make you angry, does that not indicate something about your size?;Sydney J. Harris;power
One should never forbid what one lacks the power to prevent.;Napoleon Bonaparte;power
For the first time in the history of mankind, one generation literally has the power to destroy the past, the present and the future, the power to bring time to an end.;Hubert H. Humphrey;power
Man is made or unmade by himself. By the right choice he ascends. As a being of power, intelligence, and love, and the lord of his own thoughts, he holds the key to every situation.;James Allen;power
Beauty is power a smile is its sword.;John Ray;power
Liberty, according to my metaphysics is a self-determining power in an intellectual agent. It implies thought and choice and power.;John Adams;power
In the past a leader was a boss. Today's leaders must be partners with their people... they no longer can lead solely based on positional power.;Ken Blanchard;power
Sound character provides the power with which a person may ride the emergencies of life instead of being overwhelmed by them. Failure is... the highway to success.;Og Mandino;power
I believe in one thing only, the power of human will.;Joseph Stalin;power
If a man achieves victory over this body, who in the world can exercise power over him? He who rules himself rules over the whole world.;Vinoba Bhave;power
True contentment is a thing as active as agriculture. It is the power of getting out of any situation all that there is in it. It is arduous and it is rare.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;power
Well, I think, by definition, all power has limits.;Hillary Clinton;power
I believe in delegating power.;Hillary Clinton;power
There is no doubt that America remains the premier political, economic, military power in the world, and I both expect and count on it remaining so, because I think that's certainly in our best interest but also the best interests of the world.;Hillary Clinton;power
Do not put such unlimited power into the hands of husbands. Remember all men would be tyrants if they could.;Abigail Adams;power
If those in charge of our society - politicians, corporate executives, and owners of press and television - can dominate our ideas, they will be secure in their power. They will not need soldiers patrolling the streets. We will control ourselves.;Howard Zinn;power
The only real power comes out of a long rifle.;Joseph Stalin;power
By giving people the power to share, we're making the world more transparent.;Mark Zuckerberg;power
What then is freedom? The power to live as one wishes.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;power
Today knowledge has power. It controls access to opportunity and advancement.;Peter Drucker;power
Much that passes as idealism is disguised hatred or disguised love of power.;Bertrand Russell;power
Next to enjoying ourselves, the next greatest pleasure consists in preventing others from enjoying themselves, or, more generally, in the acquisition of power.;Bertrand Russell;power
Experience does not err. Only your judgments err by expecting from her what is not in her power.;Leonardo da Vinci;power
Well, love is insanity. The ancient Greeks knew that. It is the taking over of a rational and lucid mind by delusion and self-destruction. You lose yourself, you have no power over yourself, you can't even think straight.;Marilyn French;power
We cannot turn the clock back nor can we undo the harm caused, but we have the power to determine the future and to ensure that what happened never happens again.;Paul Kagame;power
It is good taste, and good taste alone, that possesses the power to sterilize and is always the first handicap to any creative functioning.;Salvador Dali;power
There is only one thing for us to do, and that is to do our level best right where we are every day of our lives To use our best judgment, and then to trust the rest to that Power which holds the forces of the universe in his hands.;Orison Swett Marden;power
Admiration of the proletariat, like that of dams, power stations, and aeroplanes, is part of the ideology of the machine age.;Bertrand Russell;power
Machines are worshipped because they are beautiful and valued because they confer power they are hated because they are hideous and loathed because they impose slavery.;Bertrand Russell;power
Black Power is giving power to people who have not had power to determine their destiny.;Huey Newton;power
Property may be destroyed and money may lose its purchasing power but, character, health, knowledge and good judgement will always be in demand under all conditions.;Roger Babson;power
Clairvoyant, n.: A person, commonly a woman, who has the power of seeing that which is invisible to her patron - namely, that he is a blockhead.;Ambrose Bierce;power
Mystical references to society and its programs to help may warm the hearts of the gullible but what it really means is putting more power in the hands of bureaucrats.;Thomas Sowell;power
Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely.;Lord Acton;power
I can very well do without God both in my life and in my painting, but I cannot, suffering as I am, do without something which is greater than I am, which is my life, the power to create.;Vincent Van Gogh;power
A fascist is one whose lust for money or power is combined with such an intensity of intolerance toward those of other races, parties, classes, religions, cultures, regions or nations as to make him ruthless in his use of deceit or violence to attain his ends.;Henry A. Wallace;power
Eulogy. Praise of a person who has either the advantages of wealth and power, or the consideration to be dead.;Ambrose Bierce;power
Imagination is not only the uniquely human capacity to envision that which is not, and therefore the fount of all invention and innovation. In its arguably most transformative and revelatory capacity, it is the power to that enables us to empathize with humans whose experiences we have never shared.;J. K. Rowling;power
It is a paradox that every dictator has climbed to power on the ladder of free speech. Immediately on attaining power each dictator has suppressed all free speech except his own.;Herbert Hoover;power
Power does not corrupt. Fear corrupts... perhaps the fear of a loss of power.;John Steinbeck;power
The great constitutional corrective in the hands of the people against usurpation of power, or corruption by their agents is the right of suffrage and this when used with calmness and deliberation will prove strong enough.;Andrew Jackson;power
Great is the power of habit. It teaches us to bear fatigue and to despise wounds and pain.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;power
No man deserves to be praised for his goodness, who has it not in his power to be wicked. Goodness without that power is generally nothing more than sloth, or an impotence of will.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;power
Women have served all these centuries as looking glasses possessing the power of reflecting the figure of man at twice its natural size.;Virginia Woolf;power
Liberty consists in the power of doing that which is permitted by the law.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;power
What power can poverty have over a home where loving hearts are beating with a consciousness of untold riches of the head and heart?;Orison Swett Marden;power
Power gravitates to the man who knows how.;Orison Swett Marden;power
There is that indescribable freshness and unconsciousness about an illiterate person that humbles and mocks the power of the noblest expressive genius.;Walt Whitman;power
Suppliers and especially manufacturers have market power because they have information about a product or a service that the customer does not and cannot have, and does not need if he can trust the brand. This explains the profitability of brands.;Peter Drucker;power
A physician's physiology has much the same relation to his power of healing as a cleric's divinity has to his power of influencing conduct.;Samuel Butler;power
The natural liberty of man is to be free from any superior power on Earth, and not to be under the will or legislative authority of man, but only to have the law of nature for his rule.;Samuel Adams;power
All human laws are, properly speaking, only declaratory they have no power over the substance of original justice.;Edmund Burke;power
And remember, where you have a concentration of power in a few hands, all too frequently men with the mentality of gangsters get control. History has proven that.;Lord Acton;power
The power of the white world is threatened whenever a black man refuses to accept the white world's definitions.;James A. Baldwin;power
I believe there's an inner power that makes winners or losers. And the winners are the ones who really listen to the truth of their hearts.;Sylvester Stallone;power
Liberty may be endangered by the abuse of liberty, but also by the abuse of power.;James Madison;power
Success isn't measured by money or power or social rank. Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.;Mike Ditka;power
The greater the state, the more wrong and cruel its patriotism, and the greater is the sum of suffering upon which its power is founded.;Leo Tolstoy;power
All men having power ought to be distrusted to a certain degree.;James Madison;power
In our natural state, we are glorious beings. In the world of illusion, we are lost and imprisoned, slaves to our appetites and our will to false power.;Marianne Williamson;power
The great awareness comes slowly, piece by piece. The path of spiritual growth is a path of lifelong learning. The experience of spiritual power is basically a joyful one.;M. Scott Peck;power
It is not in the power of even the most crafty dissimulation to conceal love long, where it really is, nor to counterfeit it long where it is not.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;power
The intellectual tradition is one of servility to power, and if I didn't betray it I'd be ashamed of myself.;Noam Chomsky;power
All the idols made by man, however terrifying they may be, are in point of fact subordinate to him, and that is why he will always have it in his power to destroy them.;Simone de Beauvoir;power
Power is not revealed by striking hard or often, but by striking true.;Honore de Balzac;power
One of the reasons people hate politics is that truth is rarely a politician's objective. Election and power are.;Cal Thomas;power
The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good. Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom.;James Allen;power
I do not wish women to have power over men but over themselves.;Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley;power
You can't trust anybody with power.;Newt Gingrich;power
Only through destroying myself can I discover the greater power of my spirit.;Chuck Palahniuk;power
Fame and power are the objects of all men. Even their partial fruition is gained by very few and that, too, at the expense of social pleasure, health, conscience, life.;Benjamin Disraeli;power
Real politics are the possession and distribution of power.;Benjamin Disraeli;power
I think that the power is the principle. The principle of moving forward, as though you have the confidence to move forward, eventually gives you confidence when you look back and see what you've done.;Robert Downey, Jr.;power
The principle of all successful effort is to try to do not what is absolutely the best, but what is easily within our power, and suited for our temperament and condition.;John Ruskin;power
The more extensive a man's knowledge of what has been done, the greater will be his power of knowing what to do.;Benjamin Disraeli;power
The reward of one duty is the power to fulfill another.;George Eliot;power
When it is not in our power to follow what is true, we ought to follow what is most probable.;Rene Descartes;power
The strength and power of a country depends absolutely on the quantity of good men and women in it.;John Ruskin;power
The struggle for existence holds as much in the intellectual as in the physical world. A theory is a species of thinking, and its right to exist is coextensive with its power of resisting extinction by its rivals.;Thomas Huxley;power
Knowledge is power only if man knows what facts not to bother with.;Robert Staughton Lynd;power
It is in war that the State really comes into its own: swelling in power, in number, in pride, in absolute dominion over the economy and the society.;Murray Rothbard;power
