I don't think the war in Afghanistan was ruthlessly enough waged.;Christopher Hitchens;war
A faction willing to take the risks of making war on the ossified status quo in the Middle East can be described as many things, but not as conservative.;Christopher Hitchens;war
There are people who cannot forget, as neither do I, the lesson of the years of the Indochina War. Which was, first, that the state is capable of being a murderer. A mass murderer, and a conspirator and a liar.;Christopher Hitchens;war
I have been a gigantic Rolling Stones fan since approximately the Spanish-American War.;Dave Barry;war
For far too long we've allowed the other side to paint us as racist, as sexist, inhumane war mongers - well, today as a conservative black Republican and former solider, I'm here to set that record straight.;Allen West;war
We cannot be both the world's leading champion of peace and the world's leading supplier of the weapons of war.;Jimmy Carter;war
War: a massacre of people who don't know each other for the profit of people who know each other but don't massacre each other.;Paul Valery;war
War is the ultimate tool of politics.;R. Buckminster Fuller;war
When we were at peace, Democrats wanted to raise taxes. Now there's a war, so Democrats want to raise taxes. When there was a surplus, Democrats wanted to raise taxes. Now that there is a mild recession, Democrats want to raise taxes.;Ann Coulter;war
Abstract Expressionism - the first American movement to have a worldwide influence - was remarkably short-lived: It heated up after World War II and was all but done for by 1960 (although visit any art school today and you'll find a would-be Willem de Kooning).;Jerry Saltz;war
All of Koons's best art - the encased vacuum cleaners, the stainless-steel Rabbit (the late-twentieth century's signature work of Simulationist sculpture), the amazing gleaming Balloon Dog, and the cast-iron re-creation of a Civil War mortar exhibited last month at the Armory - has simultaneously flaunted extreme realism, idealism, and fantasy.;Jerry Saltz;war
War is the statesman's game, the priest's delight, the lawyer's jest, the hired assassin's trade.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;war
This war differs from other wars, in this particular. We are not fighting armies but a hostile people, and must make old and young, rich and poor, feel the hard hand of war.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
That strange feeling we had in the war. Have you found anything in your lives since to equal it in strength? A sort of splendid carelessness it was, holding us together.;Noel Coward;war
A war for a great principle ennobles a nation.;Albert Pike;war
I hate war. Absolutely, I hate war.;Norman Schwarzkopf;war
First of all, Saddam did not win the war, even though he says he did, I mean, you know, that's a joke and everybody in the world knows it.;Norman Schwarzkopf;war
Peace for us means the destruction of Israel. We are preparing for an all-out war, a war which will last for generations.;Yasser Arafat;war
On average, drug prisoners spend more time in federal prison than rapists, who often get out on early release because of the overcrowding in prison caused by the Drug War.;Michael Badnarik;war
There are two problems for our species' survival - nuclear war and environmental catastrophe - and we're hurtling towards them. Knowingly.;Noam Chomsky;war
Nullification means insurrection and war and the other states have a right to put it down.;Andrew Jackson;war
I don't know why you use a fancy French word like detente when there's a good English phrase for it - cold war.;Golda Meir;war
A book is a fragile creature, it suffers the wear of time, it fears rodents, the elements and clumsy hands. so the librarian protects the books not only against mankind but also against nature and devotes his life to this war with the forces of oblivion.;Umberto Eco;war
France has lost the battle but she has not lost the war.;Charles de Gaulle;war
I am against all war.;Sophia Loren;war
I don't know whether war is an interlude during peace, or peace an interlude during war.;Georges Clemenceau;war
Patriotism is an instant reaction that fades away when the war starts.;Mick Jagger;war
I was lucky enough to lead a very successful war.;Norman Schwarzkopf;war
Don't worry about the war. It's all over but the shooting.;Samuel Goldwyn;war
So I would say God hates war, but God loves every soldier.;Rick Warren;war
War is at its best barbarism.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
I know I had no hand in making this war, and I know I will make more sacrifices today than any of you to secure peace.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
I would make this war as severe as possible, and show no symptoms of tiring till the South begs for mercy.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
I want a world without war, a world without insanity. I want to see people do well. I don't even think it's as much as what I want for myself. It's more what I want for the people around me. That's what I want.;Tom Cruise;war
That is what war is and dancing it is forward and back, when one is out walking one wants not to go back the way they came but in dancing and in war it is forward and back.;Gertrude Stein;war
War is never fatal but always lost. Always lost.;Gertrude Stein;war
In a war everybody always knows all about Switzerland, in peace times it is just Switzerland but in war time it is the only country that everybody has confidence in, everybody.;Gertrude Stein;war
There's no doubt that usually a president's public image is enhanced by going to war. That never did appeal to me.;Jimmy Carter;war
I had very good support from Democrats and Republicans all throughout my administration. I had a very high batting average. We added more jobs per year in my four years than any other president since the Second World War.;Jimmy Carter;war
When I was in the White House, I was confronted with the challenge of the Cold War. Both the Soviet Union and I had 30,000 nuclear weapons that could destroy the entire earth and I had to maintain the peace.;Jimmy Carter;war
All that is needed to set us definitely on the road to a Fascist society is war. It will of course be a modified form of Fascism at first.;John T. Flynn;war
The facts of life are that a child who has seen war cannot be compared with a child who doesn't know what war is except from television.;Sophia Loren;war
World War II was the last government program that really worked.;George Will;war
Politics and war are remarkably similar situations.;Newt Gingrich;war
The biggest problem was the politicians knew nothing about fighting a war.;R. Lee Ermey;war
Those who have experienced the most, have suffered so much that they have ceased to hate. Hate is more for those with a slightly guilty conscience, and who by chewing on old hate in times of peace wish to demonstrate how great they were during the war.;Thor Heyerdahl;war
It is only those who have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and groans of the wounded who cry aloud for blood, more vengeance, more desolation. War is hell.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
There's many a boy here today who looks on war as all glory but it is all hell.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
War is too serious a matter to leave to soldiers.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
If the people raise a great howl against my barbarity and cruelty, I will answer that war is war, and not popularity seeking.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
You cannot qualify war in harsher terms than I will.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
He belonged to that army known as invincible in peace, invisible in war.;William Tecumseh Sherman;war
There must be people who remember World War II and the Holocaust who can help us get out of this rut.;Martin Scorsese;war
Law is always better than war.;Brian Eno;war
If men make war in slavish obedience to rules, they will fail.;Ulysses S. Grant;war
I could start a war in 30 seconds. But some countries spend 100 years trying to find peace. Just like good manners, peace has to be learned.;Sylvester Stallone;war
Here we will solve with laws and dollars, problems that too many people around the world still must solve with violence and civil war.;Marco Rubio;war
During times of war, hatred becomes quite respectable even though it has to masquerade often under the guise of patriotism.;Howard Thurman;war
The real war is not between the West and the East. The real war is between intelligent and stupid people.;Marjane Satrapi;war
There is so much that must be done in a civilized barbarism like war.;Amelia Earhart;war
The war on terror is the most insane and immoral war of all time. The Americans are doing what they did in Vietnam, bombing villages. But how can a civilised nation do this? How can you can eliminate suspects, their wives, their children, their families, their neighbours? How can you justify this?;Imran Khan;war
It was quite a European war until 1917, when the Americans joined up. They don't have the same sense of the loss of innocence and the cataclysmic loss of life. A whole generation was wiped out.;Tom Hiddleston;war
I always found the extraordinary loss of life in the First World War very moving. I remember learning about it as a very young child, as an eight- or nine-year-old, asking my teachers what poppies were for. Every year the teachers would suddenly wear these red paper flowers in their lapels, and I would say 'What does that mean?';Tom Hiddleston;war
I did a production of 'Journey's End,' an RC Sherriff play about World War I, at the Edinburgh Festival. I was 18 and it was the first time that people I knew and loved and respected came up to me after the show and said, 'You know, you could really do this if you wanted to.';Tom Hiddleston;war
This is a war universe. War all the time. That is its nature. There may be other universes based on all sorts of other principles, but ours seems to be based on war and games.;William Burroughs;war
Officials at the White House are saying that President Bush hasn't changed his schedule much since the war started. The main difference, they say, is that he's started watching the news and taping Sponge Bob.;Conan O'Brien;war
The U.S. army confirmed that it gave a lucrative fire fighting contract in Iraq to the firm once run by the Vice President Dick Cheney without any competitive bidding. When asked if this could be conceived as Cheney's friends profiting from the war, the spokesman said 'Yes.';Conan O'Brien;war
The Canadian government continues to say they will not help us if we go to war with Iraq. However, the prime minister of Canada said he'd like to help, but he's pretty sure that last time he checked, Canada had no army.;Conan O'Brien;war
Television brought the brutality of war into the comfort of the living room. Vietnam was lost in the living rooms of America - not on the battlefields of Vietnam.;Marshall McLuhan;war
I feel like the people from Iceland have a different relationship with their country than other places. Most Icelandic people are really proud to be from there, and we don't have embarrassments like World War II where we were cruel to other people.;Bjork;war
We have been terrorised by what happened in America and we express our condolences to the American people who suffered from this unexpected catastrophe and a new world war.;Muammar al-Gaddafi;war
Our poverty will be brought home to us to its full extent only after the war.;Joseph A. Schumpeter;war
God has been pleased to save us during the years of war that have already passed. We pray that He may be pleased to save us to the end. But we must do our part.;Eamon de Valera;war
War is not the continuation of politics with different means, it is the greatest mass-crime perpetrated on the community of man.;Alfred Adler;war
War is organized murder and torture against our brothers.;Alfred Adler;war
We need to decide that we will not go to war, whatever reason is conjured up by the politicians or the media, because war in our time is always indiscriminate, a war against innocents, a war against children.;Howard Zinn;war
I don't like war. I particularly don't like the celebration of war, which I think the administration is a little bit guilty of.;Neil Young;war
During the time men live without a common power to keep them all in awe, they are in that conditions called war and such a war, as if of every man, against every man.;Thomas Hobbes;war
Making peace is harder than making war.;Adlai E. Stevenson;war
When you get billions in aid and your weapons resupplied and your ammunition stock resupplied, you don't learn the lesson that war is bad and nobody wins.;King Abdullah II;war
What a man knows is everywhere at war with what he wants.;Joseph Wood Krutch;war
I was a little girl in World War II and I'm used to being freed by Americans.;Madeleine Albright;war
The U.N. bureaucracy has grown to elephantine proportions. Now that the Cold War is over, we are asking that elephant to do gymnastics.;Madeleine Albright;war
I know that war is very cruel and that life is harder when you aren't able to live in the place you called home.;Madeleine Albright;war
I saw what happened when a dictator was allowed to take over a piece of a country and the country went down the tubes. And I saw the opposite during the war when America joined the fight.;Madeleine Albright;war
I had nearly finished school because I was making effort not that bad on that. But there was a law in Germany after the war. You could not make your final examination before 18, so lots of people who were late because of the way had to do it first.;Karl Lagerfeld;war
There is a peculiar burning odor in the room, like explosives. the kitchen fills with smoke and the hot, sweet, ashy smell of scorched cookies. The war has begun.;Alison Lurie;war
There's an assault on human sexuality, as Judge Scalia said, they've taken sides in the culture war and on top of that if we have a democracy, the democratic processes should be that we can elect representatives who will share our point of view and vote those things into law.;Pat Robertson;war
There's no question that jihad historically means war.;Pat Robertson;war
Do you know what a soldier is, young man? He's the chap who makes it possible for civilised folk to despise war.;Allan Massie;war
The skirmishes in the occupied land are part of the war of destiny. The outcome of hundreds of years of war will be defined in Palestinian land.;Mahmoud Ahmadinejad;war
I certainly notice the vitality in Belfast, which wasn't there in the Seventies. There was a war going on then. Now there are cranes everywhere. There really is a sense of renewal and hope.;Liam Neeson;war
A war still rages over the legacy of the 1960s.;Camille Paglia;war
American policy seems to be wed to a perpetual state of war. Why? History shows that the world will always be in flux or turmoil, with different peoples competing for visibility and power. The U.S. cannot fix the fate of every nation.;Camille Paglia;war
Mine is the first generation able to contemplate the possibility that we may live our entire lives without going to war or sending our children to war.;Tony Blair;war
We should seek by all means in our power to avoid war, by analysing possible causes, by trying to remove them, by discussion in a spirit of collaboration and good will.;Neville Chamberlain;war
I was a soldier in WWII. The last couple of months of the war I was actually in combat.;Mel Brooks;war
On the justification for the war, it wasn't related to finding any particular weapon of mass destruction.;Stephen Harper;war
War is like love it always finds a way.;Bertolt Brecht;war
