For four years, I listened to stories of intelligence failures, and it wasn't due to incompetence of anyone in the system, but that the system is so arcane.;Charles F. Bass;intelligence
It's the continuation of everyone's childhood to see these young children who grow up full of life, full of intelligence, full of a sense of wonder. And within an instant they're gone from this world. It's terrible.;Lucien Bouchard;intelligence
For 13 to be unlucky would require there to be some kind of cosmic intelligence that counts things that humans count and that also makes certain things happen on certain dates or in certain places according to whether the number 13 'is involved' or not (whatever 'is involved' might mean).;Douglas Hofstadter;intelligence
Instinct is intelligence incapable of self-consciousness.;John Sterling;intelligence
Since the tragedies, the Department of Homeland Security was established to prevent terrorist attacks within the United States, and most importantly, to share intelligence information among government agencies and departments.;Randy Forbes;intelligence
I think anybody with any intelligence sits down and sees Star Trek not a kids' show.;Nichelle Nichols;intelligence
Although I do use some of my psychology training in comedy, but it's more like pop psychology, not a course of treatment or anything. To me, it's more like social intelligence.;Matt Walsh;intelligence
Almost all Iraqis with any previous experience in the intelligence business are Sunni Arab, increasing the risk of penetration of the new intelligence apparatus by the insurgency.;Wayne White;intelligence
It doesn't matter that Bush scares the hell out of me. What matters is that he scares the hell out of a lot of very important people in Washington who can't speak out, in the military, in the intelligence community.;Seymour Hersh;intelligence
Americans have always had an ambivalent attitude toward intelligence. When they feel threatened, they want a lot of it, and when they don't, they regard the whole thing as somewhat immoral.;Vernon A. Walters;intelligence
Millions of dollars' worth of advertising shows such little respect for the reader's intelligence that it amounts almost to outright insult.;James Randolph Adams;intelligence
The skills of the British intelligence community are a great national asset.;John Scarlett;intelligence
Of course I believe in aliens. I think it's very egocentric to think that there's nothing else with intelligence in the whole universe.;Lizzie Brochere;intelligence
Every major player is working on this technology of artificial intelligence. As of now, it's benign... but I would say that the day is not far off when artificial intelligence as applied to cyber warfare becomes a threat to everybody.;Ted Bell;intelligence
The object of pure physics is the unfolding of the laws of the intelligible world the object of pure mathematics that of unfolding the laws of human intelligence.;James Joseph Sylvester;intelligence
I'm fascinated by the journey that an intelligent and an ambitious woman makes in the professional world in contrast to the journey that a man of similar ambition, of similar intelligence makes. What sort of concessions does a woman have to make? Does she have to work 20 percent harder than a man?;Charles Cumming;intelligence
Week after week, the heads of Red Army Intelligence received updates on the Wehrmacht's preparations.;Leopold Trepper;intelligence
Yes we have a specific procedure which we follow in all cases where the Agency is in contact, for the purposes of acquiring intelligence or whatever the case may be, with an individual.;Richard M. Helms;intelligence
This also turned out to be negative, so there is no material in the Central Intelligence Agency, either in the records or in the mind of any of the individuals, that there was any contact had or even contemplated with him.;Richard M. Helms;intelligence
The danger of having the military take over intelligence is that the military has a very different perspective on the world.;Pete Hoekstra;intelligence
Teaching man his relatively small sphere in the creation, it also encourages him by its lessons of the unity of Nature and shows him that his power of comprehension allies him with the great intelligence over-reaching all.;Annie Jump Cannon;intelligence
Nothing has caused the human race so much trouble as intelligence.;John Michael Hayes;intelligence
The Bush administration also was not straightforward about the intelligence it had, releasing tenuous information that fit its goal of attacking Iraq. I feel deceived.;Ken Lucas;intelligence
Music is an art that expresses the inexpressible. It rises far above what words can mean or the intelligence define. Its domain is the imponderable and impalpable land of the unconscious.;Charles Munch;intelligence
Sometimes, surely, truth is closer to imagination or to intelligence, to love than to fact? To be accurate is not to be right.;Shirley Hazzard;intelligence
It is not difficult for me to have this faith, for it is incontrovertible that where there is a plan there is intelligence - an orderly, unfolding universe testifies to the truth of the most majestic statement ever uttered - 'In the beginning, God.';Arthur H. Compton;intelligence
Intelligence is nothing without delight.;Paul Claudel;intelligence
I think America has more than enough maturity and intelligence to start exercising its world leadership responsibly.;Cristina Kirchner;intelligence
There are whole precincts of voters in this country whose united intelligence does not equal that of one representative American woman.;Carrie Chapman Catt;intelligence
God gives us intelligence to uncover the wonders of nature. Without the gift, nothing is possible.;James Clavell;intelligence
Truth knows no color it appeals to intelligence.;James Hal Cone;intelligence
I believe Business Objects is on the cusp of becoming a multi-billion-dollar sales company. There is tremendous growth potential for business intelligence.;Bernard Liautaud;intelligence
To lack intelligence is to be in the ring blindfolded.;David M. Shoup;intelligence
I am not a member of the CIA or any other intelligence agency.;James R. Bath;intelligence
I found that our Soviet espionage efforts had virtually never, or had very seldom, produced any worthwhile political or economic intelligence on the Soviet Union.;Aldrich Ames;intelligence
In my professional work with the Agency, by the late '70s, I had come to question the value of a great deal of what we were doing, in terms of the intelligence agency's impact on American policy.;Aldrich Ames;intelligence
Our Soviet espionage efforts had virtually never, or had very seldom, produced any worthwhile political or economic intelligence on the Soviet Union.;Aldrich Ames;intelligence
There are so many things a large intelligence espionage organization can do to justify its existence, that people can get promotions for, because it could result in results.;Aldrich Ames;intelligence
The resistance of policy-makers to intelligence is not just founded on an ideological presupposition. They distrust intelligence sources and intelligence officials because they don't understand what the real problems are.;Aldrich Ames;intelligence
We had periodic crises in this country when the technical intelligence didn't support the policy. We had the bomber gap, the missile gap.;Aldrich Ames;intelligence
Foreign Ministry guys don't become agents. Party officials, the Foreign Ministry nerds, tend not to volunteer to Western intelligence agencies.;Aldrich Ames;intelligence
I wasn't privy to all of the intelligence that was coming in about Guatemala, but I did see the traffic that was coming in from Guatemala City, because it was very relevant to me, and of course I exchanged what I had with the chief of station in Guatemala City.;E. Howard Hunt;intelligence
Life is one big road with lots of signs. So when you riding through the ruts, don't complicate your mind. Flee from hate, mischief and jealousy. Don't bury your thoughts, put your vision to reality. Wake Up and Live!;Bob Marley;jealousy
A competent and self-confident person is incapable of jealousy in anything. Jealousy is invariably a symptom of neurotic insecurity.;Robert A. Heinlein;jealousy
I think it's important to get your surroundings as well as yourself into a positive state - meaning surround yourself with positive people, not the kind who are negative and jealous of everything you do.;Heidi Klum;jealousy
Jealousy is both reasonable and belongs to reasonable men, while envy is base and belongs to the base, for the one makes himself get good things by jealousy, while the other does not allow his neighbour to have them through envy.;Aristotle;jealousy
Those who enjoy their own emotionally bad health and who habitually fill their own minds with the rank poisons of suspicion, jealousy and hatred, as a rule take umbrage at those who refuse to do likewise, and they find a perverted relief in trying to denigrate them.;Johannes Brahms;jealousy
It will be found an unjust and unwise jealousy to deprive a man of his natural liberty upon the supposition he may abuse it.;George Washington;jealousy
A negative judgment gives you more satisfaction than praise, provided it smacks of jealousy.;Jean Baudrillard;jealousy
The jealous are troublesome to others, but a torment to themselves.;William Penn;jealousy
Don't waste time on jealousy. Sometimes you're ahead, sometimes you're behind.;Mary Schmich;jealousy
Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright force. Whenever you give up that force, you are inevitably ruined.;Patrick Henry;jealousy
People are taken aback by a confident, pretty girl who knows what she wants in life and isn't going to let anyone get in her way. And you know what it's all about? Jealousy.;Summer Altice;jealousy
Jealousy contains more of self-love than of love.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;jealousy
To jealousy, nothing is more frightful than laughter.;Francoise Sagan;jealousy
Never underestimate the power of jealousy and the power of envy to destroy. Never underestimate that.;Oliver Stone;jealousy
Jealousy is, I think, the worst of all faults because it makes a victim of both parties.;Gene Tierney;jealousy
My wife's jealousy is getting ridiculous. The other day she looked at my calendar and wanted to know who May was.;Rodney Dangerfield;jealousy
Jealousy... is a mental cancer.;B. C. Forbes;jealousy
He that is jealous is not in love.;Saint Augustine;jealousy
It is not love that is blind, but jealousy.;Lawrence Durrell;jealousy
Jealousy is all the fun you think they had.;Erica Jong;jealousy
Jealousy is the tribute mediocrity pays to genius.;Fulton J. Sheen;jealousy
Jealousy is no more than feeling alone against smiling enemies.;Elizabeth Bowen;jealousy
That's the way I got along in life. I don't ever remember being particularly jealous of anybody, because I figured if I can't do it myself, I don't deserve to get it.;Clyde Tombaugh;jealousy
Jealous, adj. Unduly concerned about the preservation of that which can be lost only if not worth keeping.;Ambrose Bierce;jealousy
Jealousy is a dog's bark which attracts thieves.;Karl Kraus;jealousy
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars.;Gary Allan;jealousy
Jealousy is never satisfied with anything short of an omniscience that would detect the subtlest fold of the heart.;George Eliot;jealousy
The jealous are possessed by a mad devil and a dull spirit at the same time.;Johann Kaspar Lavater;jealousy
Jealousy is the fear of comparison.;Max Frisch;jealousy
I am drawn to women who are independent and creative, which is problematic because it's a struggle, a competition of careers. There's jealousy.;Marilyn Manson;jealousy
If one of two lovers is loyal, and the other jealous and false, how may their friendship last, for Love is slain!;Marie de France;jealousy
Like hatred, jealousy is forbidden by the laws of life because it is essentially destructive.;Alexis Carrel;jealousy
Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo.;H. G. Wells;jealousy
Jealousy, that dragon which slays love under the pretence of keeping it alive.;Havelock Ellis;jealousy
Jealousy - that jumble of secret worship and ostensible aversion.;Emile M. Cioran;jealousy
Hunger, revenge, to sleep are petty foes, But only death the jealous eyes can close.;William Wycherley;jealousy
More men die of jealousy than of cancer.;Joseph P. Kennedy;jealousy
Those who are believed to be most abject and humble are usually most ambitious and envious.;Baruch Spinoza;jealousy
There is never jealousy where there is not strong regard.;Washington Irving;jealousy
There's no regret. You can't regret. I mean, I've felt regret but I've also refused to allow regret to sow a seed and live in me because I don't believe it. You feel it, it's like guilt, it's like jealousy, it's like all those horrible things. You've just got to snip them and get them out, because they're no good.;Jude Law;jealousy
I would rather drudge out my life on a cotton plantation, till the grave opened to give me rest, than to live with an unprincipled master and a jealous mistress.;Harriet Ann Jacobs;jealousy
As iron is eaten away by rust, so the envious are consumed by their own passion.;Antisthenes;jealousy
There is no greater glory than love, nor any great punishment than jealously.;Lope de Vega;jealousy
The lovesick, the betrayed, and the jealous all smell alike.;Sidonie Gabrielle Colette;jealousy
The envious die not once, but as oft as the envied win applause.;Baltasar Gracian;jealousy
Jealousy is the fear or apprehension of superiority: envy our uneasiness under it.;William Shenstone;jealousy
I have never been jealous. Not even when my dad finished fifth grade a year before I did.;Jeff Foxworthy;jealousy
Jealousy is cruel as the grave: the coals thereof are coals of fire.;Solomon Ibn Gabirol;jealousy
Jealousy is the tie that binds, and binds, and binds.;Helen Rowland;jealousy
Magnanimous people have no vanity, they have no jealousy, and they feed on the true and the solid wherever they find it. And, what is more, they find it everywhere.;Van Wyck Brooks;jealousy
From heresy, frenzy and jealousy, good Lord deliver me.;Ludovico Ariosto;jealousy
Passion can quickly slip to jealousy, or even hatred.;Arthur Golden;jealousy
Jealousy is the jaundice of the soul.;John Dryden;jealousy
Jealousy is the grave of affection.;Mary Baker Eddy;jealousy
Man is jealous because of his amour propre woman is jealous because of her lack of it.;Germaine Greer;jealousy
But I like not these great success of yours for I know how jealous are the gods.;Herodotus;jealousy
Nothing is more capable of troubling our reason, and consuming our health, than secret notions of jealousy in solitude.;Aphra Behn;jealousy
