When a child can be brought to tears, and not from fear of punishment, but from repentance he needs no chastisement. When the tears begin to flow from the grief of their conduct you can be sure there is an angel nestling in their heart.;Horace Mann;fear
No one should fear to undertake any task in the name of our Saviour, if it is just and if the intention is purely for His holy service.;Christopher Columbus;fear
Fear not, we are of the nature of the lion, and cannot descend to the destruction of mice and such small beasts.;Elizabeth I;fear
I don't run away from a challenge because I am afraid. Instead, I run toward it because the only way to escape fear is to trample it beneath your feet.;Nadia Comaneci;fear
Falsehood is invariably the child of fear in one form or another.;Aleister Crowley;fear
There is great beauty in going through life without anxiety or fear. Half our fears are baseless, and the other half discreditable.;Christian Nestell Bovee;fear
Fear is the lengthened shadow of ignorance.;Arnold H. Glasow;fear
The scariest thought in the world is that someday I'll wake up and realize I've been sleepwalking through my life: underappreciating the people I love, making the same hurtful mistakes over and over, a slave to neuroses, fear, and the habitual.;George Saunders;fear
That fear first created the gods is perhaps as true as anything so brief could be on so great a subject.;George Santayana;fear
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.;Joseph Chilton Pearce;fear
Men! The only animal in the world to fear.;David Herbert Lawrence;fear
The fear of death often proves mortal, and sets people on methods to save their Lives, which infallibly destroy them.;Joseph Addison;fear
Everyone has his faults which he continually repeats: neither fear nor shame can cure them.;Jean de La Fontaine;fear
Loving can cost a lot but not loving always costs more, and those who fear to love often find that want of love is an emptiness that robs the joy from life.;Merle Shain;fear
Fear is proof of a degenerate mind.;Virgil;fear
President Obama clearly cannot run on his record. All he's offering is more of the same. That's not good. Look at the economy. It's stagnating. And so, what they're now going to try and do is bring this campaign down to little things, distractions, distortions, smear, fear, anger, frustration.;Paul Ryan;fear
The secret of life is to have no fear it's the only way to function.;Stokely Carmichael;fear
Cruelty is softened by fear, not pity.;Mason Cooley;fear
Satirists gain the applause of others through fear, not through love.;William Hazlitt;fear
It is better by noble boldness to run the risk of being subject to half the evils we anticipate than to remain in cowardly listlessness for fear of what might happen.;Herodotus;fear
Discipline is based on pride, on meticulous attention to details, and on mutual respect and confidence. Discipline must be a habit so ingrained that it is stronger than the excitement of the goal or the fear of failure.;Gary Ryan Blair;fear
To talk about balance, it's easier to talk about what's out of balance. And I think anytime that you have any disease, and disease meaning lack of ease, lack of flow... dis-ease. So any time there's disease, you're out of balance, whether it's jealousy, anger, greed, anxiety, fear.;Ricky Williams;fear
I had used eclectic therapy and behavior therapy on myself at the age of 19 to get over my fear of public speaking and of approaching young women in public.;Albert Ellis;fear
Almost all the ideas we have about being a man or being a woman are so burdened with pain, anxiety, fear and self-doubt. For many of us, the confusion around this question is excruciating.;Andrew Cohen;fear
Basically, there are two paths you can walk: faith or fear. It's impossible to simultaneously trust God and not trust God.;Charles Stanley;fear
Do not fear mistakes. There are none.;Miles Davis;fear
Fear is the tax that conscience pays to guilt.;George Sewell;fear
A peace that depends on fear is nothing but a suppressed war.;Henry Van Dyke;fear
Love and fear. Everything the father of a family says must inspire one or the other.;Joseph Joubert;fear
While there's life, there's fear.;Mason Cooley;fear
To work without attachment is to work without the expectation of reward or fear of any punishment in this world or the next. Work so done is a means to the end, and God is the end.;Ramakrishna;fear
It is a base thing for a man among the people not to obey those in command. Never in a state can the laws be well administered when fear does not stand firm.;Sophocles;fear
But what is all this fear of and opposition to Oblivion? What is the matter with the soft Darkness, the Dreamless Sleep?;James Thurber;fear
The terrorists are fighting freedom with all their cunning and cruelty because freedom is their greatest fear - and they should be afraid, because freedom is on the march.;George W. Bush;fear
When women hold off from marrying men, we call it independence. When men hold off from marrying women, we call it fear of commitment.;Warren Farrell;fear
Nature soaks every evil with either fear or shame.;Tertullian;fear
There is greatness in the fear of God, contentment in faith of God, and honour in humility.;Abu Bakr;fear
My aim, then, was to whip the rebels, to humble their pride, to follow them to their inmost recesses, and make them fear and dread us. Fear is the beginning of wisdom.;William Tecumseh Sherman;fear
Follow the path of the unsafe, independent thinker. Expose your ideas to the danger of controversy. Speak your mind and fear less the label of 'crackpot' than the stigma of conformity.;Thomas John Watson, Sr.;fear
Healthy children will not fear life if their elders have integrity enough not to fear death.;Erik H. Erikson;fear
Love casts out fear, but we have to get over the fear in order to get close enough to love them.;Dorothy Day;fear
Grab the broom of anger and drive off the beast of fear.;Zora Neale Hurston;fear
If you reject the food, ignore the customs, fear the religion and avoid the people, you might better stay at home.;James A. Michener;fear
The fear of death comes from limited awareness.;Deepak Chopra;fear
I fear the boredom that comes with not learning and not taking chances.;Robert Fulghum;fear
It is a great mystery that though the human heart longs for Truth, in which alone it finds liberation and delight, the first reaction of human beings to Truth is one of hostility and fear!;Anthony de Mello;fear
Boldness is a mask for fear, however great.;John Dryden;fear
My fear is that I go up to the girl of my dreams and say 'I'm sorry, but I've got to say hello to you,' and she slides the stool back and gets up and walks away, saying, 'Not for me, Bub. I don't want anything to do with you.';John Mayer;fear
My feelings for Ellen overrode all of my fear about being out as a lesbian. I had to be with her, and I just figured I'd deal with the other stuff later.;Portia de Rossi;fear
It's not necessary to fear the prospect of failure but to be determined not to fail.;Jimmy Carter;fear
When desire dies, fear is born.;Baltasar Gracian;fear
Fear is the dark room where the Devil develops his negatives.;Gary Busey;fear
A propensity to hope and joy is real riches one to fear and sorrow real poverty.;David Hume;fear
Most men are very attached to the idea of being male, and usually experience a lot of fear and insecurity around the idea of being a man. Most women are very identified with their gender, and also experience a tremendous amount of fear and insecurity.;Andrew Cohen;fear
Luck is everything... My good luck in life was to be a really frightened person. I'm fortunate to be a coward, to have a low threshold of fear, because a hero couldn't make a good suspense film.;Alfred Hitchcock;fear
Death is not the biggest fear we have our biggest fear is taking the risk to be alive - the risk to be alive and express what we really are.;Miguel Angel Ruiz;fear
The wise person often shuns society for fear of being bored.;Jean de la Bruyere;fear
People are afraid, and when people are afraid, when their pie is shrinking, they look for somebody to hate. They look for somebody to blame. And a real leader speaks to anxiety and to fear and allays those fears, assuages anxiety.;Henry Louis Gates;fear
When you're young, you're always wondering when you're actually going to feel like a grownup. And I think you probably fear it, in a sense, too. There's a danger to feeling like an adult... like this whimsical kid in you is going to die or something. And then all of a sudden, one day you kind of feel like an adult and it's really nice.;Drew Barrymore;fear
You pretend to be more eccentric than you actually are because you fear you are an interchangeable cog.;Doug Coupland;fear
I am so tired of fear. And I don't want my girls to live in a country, in a world, based on fear.;Michelle Obama;fear
I know not why there is such a melancholy feeling attached to the remembrance of past happiness, except that we fear that the future can have nothing so bright as the past.;Julia Ward Howe;fear
How strange this fear of death is! We are never frightened at a sunset.;George MacDonald;fear
I get so nervous on stage I can't help but talk. I try. I try telling my brain: stop sending words to the mouth. But I get nervous and turn into my grandma. Behind the eyes it's pure fear. I find it difficult to believe I'm going to be able to deliver.;Adele;fear
The reason most people don't express their individuality and actually deny it, is not fear of what prime ministers think of us or the head of the federal reserve, It's what their families and their friends down at the bar are going to think of them.;David Icke;fear
Good men have the fewest fears. He has but one great fear who fears to do wrong he has a thousand who has overcome it.;Christian Nestell Bovee;fear
The Russians feared Ike. They didn't fear me.;Lyndon B. Johnson;fear
I have accepted fear as a part of life - specifically the fear of change... I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says: turn back.;Erica Jong;fear
To have a great man for an intimate friend seems pleasant to those who have never tried it those who have, fear it.;Homer;fear
A fear of the unknown keeps a lot of people from leaving bad situations.;Kathie Lee Gifford;fear
Even as we enumerate their shortcomings, the rigor of raising children ourselves makes clear to us our mothers' incredible strength. We fear both. If they are not strong, who will protect us? If they are not imperfect, how can we equal them?;Anna Quindlen;fear
When someone says that I'm angry it's actually a compliment. I have not always been direct with my anger in my relationships, which is part of why I'd write about it in my songs because I had such fear around expressing anger as a woman.;Alanis Morissette;fear
The origin of the absurd idea of immortal life is easy to discover it is kept alive by hope and fear, by childish faith, and by cowardice.;Clarence Darrow;fear
No one should have to choose between medicine and other necessities. No one should have to use the emergency room every time a child gets sick. And no one should have to live in constant fear that a medical problem will become a financial crisis.;Brad Henry;fear
Our government is founded upon the intelligence of the people. I for one do not despair of the republic. I have great confidence in the virtue of the great majority of the people, and I cannot fear the result.;Andrew Jackson;fear
It is wisdom in prosperity, when all is as thou wouldn't have it, to fear and suspect the worst.;Desiderius Erasmus;fear
I expect nothing. I fear no one. I am free.;Nikos Kazantzakis;fear
So the Marine Corps really did teach me to conquer fear, and then to go for higher causes, higher purposes.;Robert Kiyosaki;fear
Generosity during life is a very different thing from generosity in the hour of death one proceeds from genuine liberality and benevolence, the other from pride or fear.;Horace Mann;fear
Young players need freedom of expression to develop as creative players... they should be encouraged to try skills without fear of failure.;Arsene Wenger;fear
Jealousy is the fear or apprehension of superiority: envy our uneasiness under it.;William Shenstone;fear
I just want my family to be safe. Because I am sometimes polarizing, I fear for their safety.;Lady Gaga;fear
To overcome a fear, here's all you have to do: realize the fear is there, and do the action you fear anyway.;Peter McWilliams;fear
To me, my biggest fear is getting a big head, and that is when I get the hammer. Because it's very easy in this game to believe you're something special.;Keith Richards;fear
I think we too often make choices based on the safety of cynicism, and what we're lead to is a life not fully lived. Cynicism is fear, and it's worse than fear - it's active disengagement.;Ken Burns;fear
A cheerful frame of mind, reinforced by relaxation... is the medicine that puts all ghosts of fear on the run.;George Matthew Adams;fear
When you are 16 there is no fear whatsoever. As you get older you play in more important games and that is when you start thinking about what will happen if you win or lose.;Wayne Rooney;fear
Let us banish fear.;Carter G. Woodson;fear
Valor grows by daring, fear by holding back.;Publilius Syrus;fear
When a match has equal partners then I fear not.;Aeschylus;fear
Excessive fear is always powerless.;Aeschylus;fear
Fear of serious injury alone cannot justify oppression of free speech and assembly. Men feared witches and burnt women. It is the function of speech to free men from the bondage of irrational fears.;Louis D. Brandeis;fear
Humility is a great quality of leadership which derives respect and not just fear or hatred.;Yousef Munayyer;fear
Dare to be honest and fear no labor.;Robert Burns;fear
Audacity augments courage hesitation, fear.;Publilius Syrus;fear
I have this fear of falling in front of large groups of people. That's why I tend not to wear heels.;Taylor Swift;fear
No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life.;Samuel Goldwyn;fear
Everyone believes very easily whatever they fear or desire.;Jean de La Fontaine;fear
An important consequence of freeing oneself from the fear of death is a radical opening to spirituality of a universal and non-denominational type.;Stanislav Grof;fear
