Politicians... talk in generalities and lies, and I think they've caused all our grief. They're so awful, they're really funny. I hate thinking this because my dad loved politics.;Paul Lynde;politics
Politics is pop. Our job as comedians - especially me, as a late-night talk show, which is a broader audience - is to amplify what we think America is thinking.;Jimmy Fallon;politics
People are fed up with the politics where candidates just rip each other apart and then the voters lose in the end because no one really knows what anybody stands for.;Dennis Kucinich;politics
My philosophy comes from a worldview that looks at the world as one. It's a holistic view that sees the world as interconnected and interdependent and integrated in so many different ways, which informs my politics.;Dennis Kucinich;politics
Whenever you discuss politics, it is always better to use individual names rather then the term neocon.;David Frum;politics
The art of politics consists in knowing precisely when it is necessary to hit an opponent slightly below the belt.;Konrad Adenauer;politics
I came into politics because I wished to change things. You can't do that by lying to people you have to educate, and persuade, and carry them with you - and it's often a long haul.;Kenneth Robert Livingstone;politics
I loathe and detest all this trivialisation of politics.;Kenneth Robert Livingstone;politics
Politics is not a healthy lifestyle.;Kenneth Robert Livingstone;politics
Short of being prime minister there isn't a better job in British politics than running London.;Kenneth Robert Livingstone;politics
I've always said that in politics, your enemies can't hurt you, but your friends will kill you.;Ann Richards;politics
Politics is the skilled use of blunt objects.;Lester B. Pearson;politics
Beware the politically obsessed. They are often bright and interesting, but they have something missing in their natures there is a hole, an empty place, and they use politics to fill it up. It leaves them somehow misshapen.;Peggy Noonan;politics
I became active in politics because I saw the possibility, if we all sat back and did nothing, of a world in which there would no longer be any stages for actors to act on.;Helen Gahagan;politics
I hate politics, hate deals, and deal-making, hate meeting with attorneys and agents.;Kathie Lee Gifford;politics
The essential ingredient of politics is timing.;Pierre Trudeau;politics
In my early 20s, I studied history and politics, and I really thought that perhaps I would devote my life to that.;Wallace Shawn;politics
I'm not involved in politics any more and they're quite right.;Jeffrey Archer;politics
I'm not taking any interest in politics. I'm not involved in politics in any way. My life is in writing now.;Jeffrey Archer;politics
Politics should share one purpose with religion: the steady emancipation of the individual through the education of his passions.;George Will;politics
I am interested in politics.;Dave Mustaine;politics
The movies were custard compared to politics.;Nancy Reagan;politics
The conversion of agnostic High Tories to the Anglican church is always rather suspect. It seems too pat and predictable, too clearly a matter of politics rather than faith.;Terry Eagleton;politics
Political correctness? In my humor, I never talk about politics. I was never much into all that.;Don Rickles;politics
There's a nastiness out there that wants to harm me with words. These are my enemies - the ideologues, the populists, the columnists who don't like the fact that I take them on toe-to-toe. What I try to do is tell the truth. It's not the coin of the realm in politics.;Ed Koch;politics
The tax issue is the most powerful issue in American politics going back to the Tea Party. People say, 'Oh, Grover Norquist has power.' No. Grover Norquist and Americans for Tax Reform focus on the tax issue. The tax issue is a powerful issue.;Grover Norquist;politics
Look, the center right coalition in American politics today is best understood as a coalition of groups and individuals that on the issue that brings them to politics what they want from the government is to be left alone.;Grover Norquist;politics
In my case, I was covering politics in Texas as a newspaper man in the 1960's.;Jim Lehrer;politics
Value your freedom or you will lose it, teaches history. 'Don't bother us with politics', respond those who don't want to learn.;Richard Stallman;politics
Men enter local politics solely as a result of being unhappily married.;C. Northcote Parkinson;politics
American politics used to be an amateur sport. But somewhere along the way, we handed over to professionals all the things people used to do for free.;Bob Schieffer;politics
Does politics have to be injected into everything?;Sargent Shriver;politics
Gossip is easy, politics is hard.;Tabitha Soren;politics
This is not the time for partisan bickering. This is not the time for politics as usual. Some of us are Democrats. Some of us are Republicans. Some of us are Independents. Above all, we must be Oklahomans first.;Brad Henry;politics
Broadcasters or politicians or writers who think that they are respecting Struggle Street, the battlers, by dumbing things down into one-line sound bites are not respecting them, they are treating them with contempt. It's our job above all in politics to tackle the big issues and to explain them.;Malcolm Turnbull;politics
The proliferation of outlets that digital technology has enabled has itself contributed to the changing nature of what we regard as 'news' and the way in which many citizens perceive politics.;Malcolm Turnbull;politics
It is our job above all in politics to tackle the big issues and to explain them, and have the honesty to say to people, 'There are no easy solutions here.';Malcolm Turnbull;politics
The only reason to be in politics is public service. There's no other reason. Frankly, if that's the best job you can get in terms of money, that's too bad, you know. Because frankly, it's not well paid, everyone knows that. So for most people it's a big sacrifice.;Malcolm Turnbull;politics
I will go to the next election saying to Australians, vote for me, vote for the Liberal Party, and I will become your PM. So I'm offering myself as the alternative PM - that's one way people describe the Leader of the Opposition - but I'm not in politics for myself to realize a personal ambition.;Malcolm Turnbull;politics
I don't want to force my politics on my readers.;John Grisham;politics
I could pose in fashion commercials as a high society star but politics is a new way of life.;Marat Safin;politics
What's going on in the Senate is kind of a politics of escalation. We're getting sort of like the Mideast: pay back everybody when you're in charge.;Lindsey Graham;politics
The politics of judges is getting to be red hot.;Lindsey Graham;politics
Look how many millions of people are underemployed or have lost their jobs. The last thing I'm going to do is play politics with their future.;Lindsey Graham;politics
President Obama chose politics over leadership. 'Hope' and 'Change' have become bait-and-switch.;Lindsey Graham;politics
I don't for the life of me understand how anybody could contemplate the results of the 2000 election in the US and say that electoral politics doesn't matter any more, and that Ralph Nader was right when he said there is no difference between the two parties.;Todd Gitlin;politics
I first came to think about media and politics in the late 1960s, having observed some distortions up close, but since then I wouldn't say that my personal experience has remained an important motive for my writing about media.;Todd Gitlin;politics
My position is not that John Kerry is either Jesus Christ or the prophet Mohammad. My position is that John Kerry is the possibility of restarting politics.;Todd Gitlin;politics
Right now, we have no possibility of politics because we have a one-party state.;Todd Gitlin;politics
Well Australia's been in Afghanistan from the get go, way back in 2001, but we have been resolute throughout and with support from both sides of Australian politics.;Kevin Rudd;politics
Look at the declining television coverage. Look at the declining voting rate. Economics and economic news is what moves the country now, not politics.;Robert Teeter;politics
Beyond politics, the West is suffering from what can be called a crisis of brokenness - broken institutions, broken families and broken souls.;Gary Bauer;politics
Newt Gingrich is one of the brightest people in the Republican Party and he's always been a little unorthodox in his approach to politics, but that's what makes him Newt Gingrich.;Gary Bauer;politics
A week is a long time in politics.;Harold Wilson;politics
No. I probably do better not being in politics. They have too much control over you when you are in politics.;Evander Holyfield;politics
There's not a single chef I know of that does not think about the politics of the food they're serving.;Gail Simmons;politics
My publicist told me not to talk about politics but, yes, I think we have a president who stole the election.;Liev Schreiber;politics
You should never ask actors about politics.;Liev Schreiber;politics
There's a couple things you don't talk about in life, and that's race, religion and politics. I try to make sure I don't talk about politics at all.;Robert Griffin III;politics
Good thing we've still got politics in Texas - finest form of free entertainment ever invented.;Molly Ivins;politics
I never saw anything funnier than Texas politics.;Molly Ivins;politics
The TUC's new slogan 'a future that works' sets a profound challenge. Austerity and rapid deficit reduction is failing in its own terms, but even at its best it is short-sighted, muddle-through politics with no vision of a new economic model.;Frances O'Grady;politics
Politics is very interesting and always leads to conflict.;Ridley Scott;politics
I am not at all a politician. I don't think I'm cut out for politics. I am certainly not going to stand for election.;Pervez Musharraf;politics
I met my wife Anne who was a sociology student, and her influence together with activities associated with the student movement of the time opened up my interests amongst other things into the theatre, art, music, politics and philosophy.;Paul Nurse;politics
I'm not very active politically. The causes I work on offer immediate, practical, accessible help, and politics has never meant that to me.;Kathleen Turner;politics
Is anyone serious about the politics of happiness? David Cameron dipped a toe in the water, using the word lightly, but denying the hard policies it implies. Labour shies away from it, but should take up the challenge.;Polly Toynbee;politics
My job is to look at what politics is doing, not be a politician myself.;Antonio Tabucchi;politics
All tools have intrinsic politics and technology is the tool of now.;Godfrey Reggio;politics
When we talk about safety and security of the American people, politics falls aside pretty quickly.;Bill Frist;politics
Liberalism is Rationalism in politics.;Francis Parker Yockey;politics
It's true that it's within the realm of cultural politics that young people tend to work through political issues, which I think is good, although it's not going to solve the problems.;Angela Davis;politics
I have always hated celebrities lecturing people on politics. So forgive me. But I am passionate about this country. I am equally passionate about the potential of the people who live here.;Simon Cowell;politics
Difference of religion breeds more quarrels than difference of politics.;Wendell Phillips;politics
Things happen in American politics in the political center. If the President will meet us in the center, there are things we can accomplish.;Mitch McConnell;politics
Politics is the science of urgencies.;Theodore Parker;politics
I look for the humanity in people, however big the politics or oppressive the situation may be, whether it's subsumed within a human being or between two human beings. I want to help us hold a mirror to ourselves.;Mira Nair;politics
There's a rule of thumb in politics. If you're at a point where you're complaining about the other guy being mean and unfair and uncivil, that's probably a sign that you're losing.;Laura Ingraham;politics
I know my limitations, and I don't like politics. I was only involved because of my husband.;Corazon Aquino;politics
It seems to be the thing now that young people are getting back into politics.;Susan George;politics
I think especially in a world where you have so little say about what goes on in your life, or in the politics of the world around you, it is wonderful to go into that studio, and tell yourself what to do.;Suzanne Farrell;politics
There's people coming in who've never done any politics at all, who've never been in a trade union, they've never been in a political party, they've never done anything, but they do feel a kind of urgency.;Susan George;politics
I think Ralph Nader is the biggest liar in American politics when he said it didn't matter who was president.;James Carville;politics
I think one of the most threatening places to be in politics is a black conservative because there are so many liberals who want to continue to reinforce a stereotype that doesn't exist about America.;Tim Scott;politics
The one thing we can all be sure about in politics is you are as well to expect the unexpected.;Charles Kennedy;politics
I am genuinely not an over-the-top kind of person about politics or anything else.;Charles Kennedy;politics
Yes, you need substance in politics - but I think your style also says something about how you arrive at some of your conclusions.;Charles Kennedy;politics
Music and politics are in essence about communication. Without over-stretching the analogy I do feel a sense of rhythm is important in getting your message across.;Charles Kennedy;politics
The larger meaning here is that mainstream journalists simply cannot talk about things that the two parties agree on this is the black hole of American politics.;Michael Pollan;politics
Until politics are a branch of science we shall do well to regard political and social reforms as experiments rather than short-cuts to the millennium.;John B. S. Haldane;politics
Rush Limbaugh, we expect nonsense from him. But the Vatican, that's another story. When the Vatican is so threatened that it launches attacks on nuns, well, you know what they say in politics, a hit dog hollers.;Jennifer M. Granholm;politics
In so much of politics you're not allowed to disagree with what's been agreed.;Iain Banks;politics
I'm not deeply ideologically driven. I believe in good center-right politics.;John Key;politics
I always had a long-term view of going into politics, so I suppose I was always careful. I mean, I got offered all these rinky dink tax deals, but I always paid my taxes. I am naturally quite conservative.;John Key;politics
I was really fascinated by politics. It always has been part of my view that politics really is a calling or you wouldn't go into it, because it's demanding and potentially has a toll on you and your family.;John Key;politics
Politics is gut commercials are gut.;Frank Luntz;politics
The challenge in working in politics, particularly if you're working for a political party, is that everyone's a messenger.;Frank Luntz;politics
What matters most in politics is personality. It's not issues it's not image. It's who you are and what you represent.;Frank Luntz;politics
I've done reasonably well over the last 10 years because I took the strategy of language and politics and applied it to the corporate world, which has never been done before.;Frank Luntz;politics
