I don't think I can answer questions about the trust fund.;Louise Woodward;trust
You have to trust your body to take care of you.;A. J. Langer;trust
Seeing that our thirst was increasing and the water was killing us, while the storm did not abate, we agreed to trust to God, Our Lord, and rather risk the perils of the sea than wait there for certain death from thirst.;Alvar N. C. de Vaca;trust
I would say readers can trust my work more than anyone else's.;Joseph J. Ellis;trust
Give me your trust and confidence, knowing that what I seek is for the good of Fiji, for the good of us all.;Josefa Iloilo;trust
I trust in God, and His ways are not our ways. So we have to go with that, and there's nothing I can do about that.;Cissy Houston;trust
People tell me they idolise me, want to be like me, but I tell them, 'trust me, you don't want my life.' I've been a very tortured soul.;Phil Spector;trust
When I sit at my table to write, I never know what it's going to be until I'm under way. I trust in inspiration, which sometimes comes and sometimes doesn't. But I don't sit back waiting for it. I work every day.;Alberto Moravia;trust
And it sends an important message to me, because I am sick to death to hear my opponent saying Republicans don't trust me. They do trust me, in landslide proportions, and they're proving it tonight. We're going to bury that for good.;Ben Nighthorse Campbell;trust
Those who wish well to the State ought to choose to places of trust men of inward principle, justified by exemplary conversation.;John Witherspoon;trust
Selling drug secrets violates a trust that is fundamental to the integrity of both scientific research and our financial markets.;Charles Grassley;trust
George W. Bush is a leader, and that's what we need in the White House. George Bush is someone you can believe and trust.;Jim Edgar;trust
Teachability and trust always leads to total obedience.;Ed Townsend;trust
Public office is supposed to be a public trust. This is a clear sign of the rampant corruption at the highest levels of the Republican leadership.;Bob Etheridge;trust
I never trust anything that can be captured in 2 takes.;Eleanor Tomlinson;trust
All political power is a trust.;Charles James Fox;trust
I shall endeavour still further to prosecute this inquiry, an inquiry I trust not merely speculative, but of sufficient moment to inspire the pleasing hope of its becoming essentially beneficial to mankind.;Edward Jenner;trust
As though there were a tie And obligation to posterity. We get them, bear them, breed, and nurse: What has posterity done for us. That we, lest they their rights should lose, Should trust our necks to gripe of noose?;John Trumbull;trust
I have never, not once, violated my public trust.;Alan Mollohan;trust
I don't vote for the guy I trust. I vote for the guy who trusts me the most.;Gary Burghoff;trust
A man who does not trust himself will never really trust anybody.;Cardinal De Retz;trust
People don't trust the federal government as it relates to health care.;Mike Conaway;trust
Deep Throat is a guy who could have your files and mine in his trust.;Chuck Colson;trust
And queenly is the state she keeps, In beauty's lofty trust secure.;William Allen Butler;trust
I don't really trust a sane person.;Lyle Alzado;trust
Then trust me there's nothing like drinking, So pleasant on this side of the grave: It keeps the unhappy from thinking, And makes e'en the valiant more brave.;Charles Dibdin;trust
One feels very blessed to be born into a family like the Birla family, which is a household name in India, which stands for tradition, is yet contemporary, stands for trust.;Kumar Mangalam Birla;trust
Experience has taught me never to trust a policeman. Just when you think one's all right, he turns legit.;Ben Maddow;trust
If global cooling will come soon - scientists will lose trust.;Shigenori Maruyama;trust
We have only God on our side they have 'In God We Trust' on their side.;Willie Green;trust
Espionage, for the most part, involves finding a person who knows something or has something that you can induce them secretly to give to you. That almost always involves a betrayal of trust.;Aldrich Ames;trust
Deciding whether to trust or credit a person is always an uncertain task.;Aldrich Ames;trust
Let's say a Soviet exchange student back in the '70s would go back and tell the KGB about people and places and things that he'd seen and done and been involved with. This is not really espionage there's no betrayal of trust.;Aldrich Ames;trust
The betrayal of trust carries a heavy taboo.;Aldrich Ames;trust
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.;Marcus Aurelius;truth
Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either.;Albert Einstein;truth
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.;Buddha;truth
I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality. This is why right, temporarily defeated, is stronger than evil triumphant.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;truth
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.;Winston Churchill;truth
I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts.;Abraham Lincoln;truth
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth not going all the way, and not starting.;Buddha;truth
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.;Mark Twain;truth
The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is.;Winston Churchill;truth
In matters of truth and justice, there is no difference between large and small problems, for issues concerning the treatment of people are all the same.;Albert Einstein;truth
Even if you are a minority of one, the truth is the truth.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor.;Albert Einstein;truth
In a time of universal deceit - telling the truth is a revolutionary act.;George Orwell;truth
Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth.;Oscar Wilde;truth
An error does not become truth by reason of multiplied propagation, nor does truth become error because nobody sees it.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
If you look for truth, you may find comfort in the end if you look for comfort you will not get either comfort or truth only soft soap and wishful thinking to begin, and in the end, despair.;C. S. Lewis;truth
Truth is by nature self-evident. As soon as you remove the cobwebs of ignorance that surround it, it shines clear.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
It's no wonder that truth is stranger than fiction. Fiction has to make sense.;Mark Twain;truth
All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident.;Arthur Schopenhauer;truth
Our duty is to encourage every one in his struggle to live up to his own highest idea, and strive at the same time to make the ideal as near as possible to the Truth.;Swami Vivekananda;truth
Truth is the most valuable thing we have. Let us economize it.;Mark Twain;truth
I'm for truth, no matter who tells it. I'm for justice, no matter who it's for or against.;Malcolm X;truth
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.;Henry David Thoreau;truth
There's a world of difference between truth and facts. Facts can obscure the truth.;Maya Angelou;truth
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.;Oscar Wilde;truth
Truth is a deep kindness that teaches us to be content in our everyday life and share with the people the same happiness.;Khalil Gibran;truth
All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns.;Bruce Lee;truth
The great enemy of the truth is very often not the lie, deliberate, contrived and dishonest, but the myth, persistent, persuasive and unrealistic.;John F. Kennedy;truth
Truth is beautiful, without doubt but so are lies.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;truth
Reason is the natural order of truth but imagination is the organ of meaning.;C. S. Lewis;truth
Half a truth is often a great lie.;Benjamin Franklin;truth
Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light.;George Washington;truth
On the mountains of truth you can never climb in vain: either you will reach a point higher up today, or you will be training your powers so that you will be able to climb higher tomorrow.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
Tell the children the truth.;Bob Marley;truth
Truth can be stated in a thousand different ways, yet each one can be true.;Swami Vivekananda;truth
Plato is dear to me, but dearer still is truth.;Aristotle;truth
A lot of truth is said in jest.;Eminem;truth
The words of truth are always paradoxical.;Lao Tzu;truth
All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered the point is to discover them.;Galileo Galilei;truth
Seek not greatness, but seek truth and you will find both.;Horace Mann;truth
All credibility, all good conscience, all evidence of truth come only from the senses.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
The truth will set you free, but first it will make you miserable.;James A. Garfield;truth
I believe that it is better to tell the truth than a lie. I believe it is better to be free than to be a slave. And I believe it is better to know than to be ignorant.;H. L. Mencken;truth
Experience has shown, and a true philosophy will always show, that a vast, perhaps the larger portion of the truth arises from the seemingly irrelevant.;Edgar Allan Poe;truth
Stand upright, speak thy thoughts, declare The truth thou hast, that all may share Be bold, proclaim it everywhere: They only live who dare.;Voltaire;truth
Light is the symbol of truth.;James Russell Lowell;truth
I have a theory that the truth is never told during the nine-to-five hours.;Hunter S. Thompson;truth
The absurd is the essential concept and the first truth.;Albert Camus;truth
If I'd written all the truth I knew for the past ten years, about 600 people - including me - would be rotting in prison cells from Rio to Seattle today. Absolute truth is a very rare and dangerous commodity in the context of professional journalism.;Hunter S. Thompson;truth
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing.;Albert Camus;truth
All the truth in the world adds up to one big lie.;Bob Dylan;truth
'Beauty is truth, truth beauty,' - that is all ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.;John Keats;truth
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.;Benjamin Disraeli;truth
Peace if possible, truth at all costs.;Martin Luther;truth
A dog barks when his master is attacked. I would be a coward if I saw that God's truth is attacked and yet would remain silent.;John Calvin;truth
I maintain that Truth is a pathless land, and you cannot approach it by any path whatsoever, by any religion, by any sect.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;truth
A truth that's told with bad intent beats all the lies you can invent.;William Blake;truth
Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth.;Arthur Conan Doyle;truth
Only enemies speak the truth friends and lovers lie endlessly, caught in the web of duty.;Stephen King;truth
The earth is supported by the power of truth it is the power of truth that makes the sun shine and the winds blow indeed all things rest upon truth.;Chanakya;truth
My mother taught me that when you stand in the truth and someone tells a lie about you, don't fight it.;Whitney Houston;truth
Hard times arouse an instinctive desire for authenticity.;Coco Chanel;truth
Facts are many, but the truth is one.;Rabindranath Tagore;truth
The water in a vessel is sparkling the water in the sea is dark. The small truth has words which are clear the great truth has great silence.;Rabindranath Tagore;truth
For my part, whatever anguish of spirit it may cost, I am willing to know the whole truth to know the worst and provide for it.;Patrick Henry;truth
