Always remember that striving and struggle precede success, even in the dictionary.;Sarah Ban Breathnach;success
No one succeeds without effort... Those who succeed owe their success to perseverance.;Ramana Maharshi;success
The road to success is always under construction.;Lily Tomlin;success
Raising children is an uncertain thing success is reached only after a life of battle and worry.;Democritus;success
If you work just for money, you'll never make it, but if you love what you're doing and you always put the customer first, success will be yours.;Ray Kroc;success
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.;Euripides;success
It's very easy for me to say what success is. I think success is connecting with an audience who understands you and having a dialogue with them. I think success is continuing to push yourself forward creatively and not sort of becoming a caricature of yourself.;Lena Dunham;success
I can honestly say that I was never affected by the question of the success of an undertaking. If I felt it was the right thing to do, I was for it regardless of the possible outcome.;Golda Meir;success
When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do it and you argue about what to do about it only after you have had your technical success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb.;J. Robert Oppenheimer;success
Hope is a state of mind, not of the world. Hope, in this deep and powerful sense, is not the same as joy that things are going well, or willingness to invest in enterprises that are obviously heading for success, but rather an ability to work for something because it is good.;Vaclav Havel;success
Honesty is the cornerstone of all success, without which confidence and ability to perform shall cease to exist.;Mary Kay Ash;success
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.;Walter Scott;success
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal.;Earl Nightingale;success
There's no secret about success. Did you ever know a successful man who didn't tell you about it?;Kin Hubbard;success
There is no success without hardship.;Sophocles;success
Willpower is the key to success. Successful people strive no matter what they feel by applying their will to overcome apathy, doubt or fear.;Dan Millman;success
I'm not after fame and success and fortune and power. It's mostly that I want to have a good job and have good friends that's the good stuff in life.;Drew Barrymore;success
Success follows doing what you want to do. There is no other way to be successful.;Malcolm Forbes;success
It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.;Roger Babson;success
After my spectacular failures, I could not be satisfied with an ordinary success.;Mason Cooley;success
A desire to be in charge of our own lives, a need for control, is born in each of us. It is essential to our mental health, and our success, that we take control.;Robert Foster Bennett;success
I've been so fortunate in my life that my family has never been jealous of my success. They have shown true love and commitment to me by being supportive. They shared in it.;Mike Krzyzewski;success
In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk.;Rita Rudner;success
Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.;Thomas J. Watson;success
I am doomed to an eternity of compulsive work. No set goal achieved satisfies. Success only breeds a new goal. The golden apple devoured has seeds. It is endless.;Bette Davis;success
Mohammed was not an apparent failure. He was a dazzling success, politically as well as spiritually, and Islam went from strength to strength to strength.;Karen Armstrong;success
No experience is a cause of success or failure. We do not suffer from the shock of our experiences, so-called trauma - but we make out of them just what suits our purposes.;Alfred Adler;success
The freedom to fail is vital if you're going to succeed. Most successful people fail from time to time, and it is a measure of their strength that failure merely propels them into some new attempt at success.;Michael Korda;success
Success in any endeavor depends on the degree to which it is an expression of your true self.;Ralph Marston;success
To have long term success as a coach or in any position of leadership, you have to be obsessed in some way.;Pat Riley;success
Be yourself. Follow your instincts. Success depends, at least in part, on the ability to 'carry it off.';Donald Rumsfeld;success
Failure is only postponed success as long as courage 'coaches' ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.;Herbert Kaufman;success
The compensation of a very early success is a conviction that life is a romantic matter. In the best sense one stays young.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;success
However things may seem, no evil thing is success and no good thing is failure.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;success
I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success.;Jack Welch;success
Success is not in what you have, but who you are.;Bo Bennett;success
Education is the key to success in life, and teachers make a lasting impact in the lives of their students.;Solomon Ortiz;success
Desire is the key to motivation, but it's the determination and commitment to unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.;Mario Andretti;success
I did stand-up comedy for 18 years. Ten of those years were spent learning, four years were spent refining, and four years were spent in wild success. I was seeking comic originality, and fame fell on me as a byproduct. The course was more plodding than heroic.;Steve Martin;success
We learn wisdom from failure much more than from success. We often discover what will do, by finding out what will not do and probably he who never made a mistake never made a discovery.;Samuel Smiles;success
When it comes to success, there are no shortcuts.;Bo Bennett;success
The decadent international but individualistic capitalism in the hands of which we found ourselves after the war is not a success. It is not intelligent. It is not beautiful. It is not just. It is not virtuous. And it doesn't deliver the goods.;John Maynard Keynes;success
For true success ask yourself these four questions: Why? Why not? Why not me? Why not now?;James Allen;success
No student ever attains very eminent success by simply doing what is required of him: it is the amount and excellence of what is over and above the required, that determines the greatness of ultimate distinction.;Charles Kendall Adams;success
When I prayed for success, I forgot to ask for sound sleep and good digestion.;Mason Cooley;success
The world judge of men by their ability in their profession, and we judge of ourselves by the same test: for it is on that on which our success in life depends.;William Hazlitt;success
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.;Conrad Hilton;success
Success is a beast. And it actually puts the emphasis on the wrong thing. You get away with more instead of looking within.;Brad Pitt;success
While I was doing stand-up, I thought I knew for sure that success meant getting everyone to like me. So I became whoever I thought people wanted me to be. I'd say yes when I wanted to say no, and I even wore a few dresses.;Ellen DeGeneres;success
Whether a party can have much success without a woman present I must ask others to decide, but one thing is certain, no party is any fun unless seasoned with folly.;Desiderius Erasmus;success
Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.;Roger Babson;success
When I finish a picture I don't show it to anyone if I feel it's not good enough yet. I've learnt to listen to my partners and my friends. For me it's the biggest success if they like it.;Marilyn Manson;success
The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people.;Harvey S. Firestone;success
I'm hopeful. I know there is a lot of ambition in Washington, obviously. But I hope the ambitious realize that they are more likely to succeed with success as opposed to failure.;George W. Bush;success
The concept of the 'good ol' days' must be one of our society's biggest delusions, top reasons for depression, as well as most often used excuse for lack of success.;Bo Bennett;success
A government for the people must depend for its success on the intelligence, the morality, the justice, and the interest of the people themselves.;Grover Cleveland;success
Enjoy your sweat because hard work doesn't guarantee success, but without it you don't have a chance.;Alex Rodriguez;success
Never mind what others do do better than yourself, beat your own record from day to day, and you are a success.;William J. H. Boetcker;success
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet.;Bobby Unser;success
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.;Walter Scott;success
If success is a habit, it is a hard one to acquire.;Mason Cooley;success
Enjoying success requires the ability to adapt. Only by being open to change will you have a true opportunity to get the most from your talent.;Nolan Ryan;success
We must believe in luck. For how else can we explain the success of those we don't like?;Jean Cocteau;success
The more defects a man may have, the older he is, the less lovable, the more resounding his success.;Marquis de Sade;success
The only true measure of success is the ratio between what we might have done and what we might have been on the one hand, and the thing we have made and the things we have made of ourselves on the other.;H. G. Wells;success
An artist must never be a prisoner. Prisoner? An artist should never be a prisoner of himself, prisoner of style, prisoner of reputation, prisoner of success, etc.;Henri Matisse;success
My success and my misfortunes, the bright and the dark days I have gone through, everything has proved to me that in this world, either physical or moral, good comes out of evil just as well as evil comes out of good.;Giacomo Casanova;success
The ladder of success in Hollywood is usually a press agent, actor, director, producer, leading man and you are a star if you sleep with each of them in that order. Crude, but true.;Hedy Lamarr;success
Success in training the boy depends largely on the Scoutmaster's own personal example.;Robert Baden-Powell;success
That's the definition of 'success' for the modern Democrat Party. As many people dependent on government as possible is the objective.;Rush Limbaugh;success
Remember you will not always win. Some days, the most resourceful individual will taste defeat. But there is, in this case, always tomorrow - after you have done your best to achieve success today.;Maxwell Maltz;success
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.;Truman Capote;success
Success is only meaningful and enjoyable if it feels like your own.;Michelle Obama;success
Men judge us by the success of our efforts. God looks at the efforts themselves.;Charlotte Bronte;success
The power of fortune is confessed only by the miserable, for the happy impute all their success to prudence or merit.;Jonathan Swift;success
I have always been pushed by the negative. The apparent failure of a play sends me back to my typewriter that very night, before the reviews are out. I am more compelled to get back to work than if I had a success.;Tennessee Williams;success
We are taught to consume. And that's what we do. But if we realized that there really is no reason to consume, that it's just a mind set, that it's just an addiction, then we wouldn't be out there stepping on people's hands climbing the corporate ladder of success.;River Phoenix;success
But while success and failure depend on conditions, the mind neither waxes nor wanes.;Bodhidharma;success
No one can possibly achieve any real and lasting success or 'get rich' in business by being a conformist.;J. Paul Getty;success
Think of success as a game of chance in which you have control over the odds. As you begin to master concepts in personal achievement, you are increasing your odds of achieving success.;Bo Bennett;success
Success is about enjoying what you have and where you are, while pursuing achievable goals.;Bo Bennett;success
From success you get a lot of things, but not that great inside thing that love brings you.;Samuel Goldwyn;success
I want anyone who believes in life, liberty, pursuit of happiness to succeed. And I want any force, any person, any element of an overarching Big Government that would stop your success, I want that organization, that element or that person to fail. I want you to succeed.;Rush Limbaugh;success
Don't think of it as failure. Think of it as time-released success.;Robert Orben;success
I hate the idea of success robbing you of your private life.;Paul McCartney;success
I don't think about my previous success. I'm happy that the work I've done has been very successful.;Aaliyah;success
Success is a journey, not a destination. The doing is often more important than the outcome.;Arthur Ashe;success
Nobody travels on the road to success without a puncture or two.;Navjot Singh Sidhu;success
The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary.;Charles Caleb Colton;success
Constant success shows us but one side of the world adversity brings out the reverse of the picture.;Charles Caleb Colton;success
Success and failure are equally disastrous.;Tennessee Williams;success
Luxury is the wolf at the door and its fangs are the vanities and conceits germinated by success. When an artist learns this, he knows where the danger is.;Tennessee Williams;success
Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.;Mike Ditka;success
Whether in success or in failure, I'm proud of every single movie I've ever directed.;Steven Spielberg;success
Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.;Bill Bradley;success
Anyone who wants to sell you overnight success or wealth is not interested in your success they are interested in your money.;Bo Bennett;success
Everything you need for better future and success has already been written. And guess what? All you have to do is go to the library.;Henri Frederic Amiel;success
The two most important requirements for major success are: first, being in the right place at the right time, and second, doing something about it.;Ray Kroc;success
Singleness of purpose is one of the chief essentials for success in life, no matter what may be one's aim.;John D. Rockefeller;success
