Good news doesn't necessarily have to be a positive thing. Bringing good news is imparting hope to one's fellow man.;Patti Smith;positive
Political folk talk a lot these days about 'messaging' - a neologism designed to describe the way in which parties and politicians consciously characterize their efforts. It is only intended to be positive - i.e., 'Our messaging is designed to show we care.';John Podhoretz;positive
Accent your positive and delete your negative.;Donna Karan;positive
Those minutes that I'm on stage are the best! Being there and looking at the crowd and seeing their faces, hearing them sing the positive words from the songs.;Miley Cyrus;positive
People always accuse me of being motivational in a way, like it was a bad thing, but that's just how I was raised. My mom raised me in a positive environment, with lots of love in my heart, and that reflects in my music.;Lenny Kravitz;positive
Of course, a positive growth rate might be taken as evidence that a population is below its optimum.;Garrett Hardin;positive
You hear certain things, negative things, all the time that aren't true, but you never hear about the positive.;Floyd Mayweather, Jr.;positive
I think that politics could be a positive thing. My beef is that people focus on the personal aspect of a politician too much. They should focus on the results.;LL Cool J;positive
All the legal action I've taken against newspapers has had a massively positive effect on my life and achieved exactly what I wanted, which is privacy and non-harassment.;Sienna Miller;positive
Everyone in L.A. is very positive and upbeat, whereas London can get quite miserable at times.;Sienna Miller;positive
People don't really understand, but having people stare, and point, and take pictures, even if it is in a positive framework, is quite isolating there's no two ways about it. You feel a little bit, you know, freakish.;Emma Watson;positive
The positive testimony of history is that the State invariably had its origin in conquest and confiscation. No primitive State known to history originated in any other manner.;Albert J. Nock;positive
An external electric field, meeting it and passing through it, affects the negative as much as the positive quanta of the atom, and pushes the former to one side, and the latter in the other direction.;Johannes Stark;positive
Does not the very word 'creative' mean to build, to initiate, to give out, to act - rather than to be acted upon, to be subjective? Living photography is positive in its approach, it sings a song of life - not death.;Berenice Abbott;positive
Political consultants are pugilists, masters in the dark art of negativity. Which is why it's surprising to hear Democrats such as Steve McMahon and Republicans like Rich Galen urging their presidential candidates to be more, well, positive.;Ron Fournier;positive
There's a weird cloud around you when you're recognizable. It was a brief window for me. I think you have to have a pathological need for attention of any type, negative or positive, to thrive in that kind of situation. And I only want compliments.;Diablo Cody;positive
The job numbers are positive. We've had more jobs created now than were lost during the recession. We're seeing that the creation, we're seeing those numbers not only grow but shift toward the private sector and shift toward full-time employment and these are all signs that the recovery is taking some hold but we're not out of woods.;Stephen Harper;positive
You should tell yourself frequently 'I will only react to constructive suggestions.' This gives you positive ammunition against your own negative thoughts and those of others.;Jane Roberts;positive
Electricity is of two kinds, positive and negative. The difference is, I presume, that one comes a little more expensive, but is more durable the other is a cheaper thing, but the moths get into it.;Stephen Leacock;positive
Nature isn't positive in that way. It doesn't aim itself at you. It's not being unkind to you.;David Attenborough;positive
Resist your fear fear will never lead to you a positive end. Go for your faith and what you believe.;T. D. Jakes;positive
I love acting like I'm in love. It's a very positive thing.;Amanda Seyfried;positive
Most of us start out with a positive attitude and a plan to do our best.;Marilu Henner;positive
This place? Nothing positive. OK, I want to say something positive. It's positively a dump.;Charles Barkley;positive
Is truth always positive? Of course. Once the truth comes out, you know, it's all right. We're scared that if the truth comes out that it's not all right. It's the other way around.;Yoko Ono;positive
I'm getting positive feedback for my acting so we'll see if any other interesting parts come up.;Johnny Vegas;positive
I think we all suffer from guilt at some point in our lives, but for the most part I never really regret, and I try to always remain positive. Yes, I think that those issues are very interesting to play in a character, and they're prominent issues in life, and I think people can relate to them.;Channing Tatum;positive
I'm a big cockeyed optimist. I try to accentuate the positive as opposed to the negative.;Betty White;positive
There's a positive side to film and television, the sense of feeding into the theater... Your fans will follow you, hopefully, and be open-minded to see you play other things and experience other stories you want to tell.;Kim Cattrall;positive
The simple act of paying positive attention to people has a great deal to do with productivity.;Tom Peters;positive
Conserving energy and thus saving money, reducing consumption of unnecessary products and packaging and shifting to a clean-energy economy would likely hurt the bottom line of polluting industries, but would undoubtedly have positive effects for most of us.;David Suzuki;positive
Her beauty didn't do her any good and she couldn't use it in any positive way or manipulative way. I just hope that people will look and see and believe in that hope of love, that hope of freedom, even if it was just for a limited time.;Diane Kruger;positive
I don't think of myself as a role model. I do try to live in a compassionate, considerate and positive way. The only advice I can offer is to find what you love to do, find the joy in it, and express yourself through your passion.;Barry Williams;positive
Flexible working is not just for women with children. It is necessary at the other end of the scale. If people can move into part-time work, instead of retirement, then that will be a huge help. If people can fit their work around caring responsibilities for the elderly, the disabled, then again that's very positive.;Theresa May;positive
Why should conservationists have a positive interest in... farming? There are lots of reasons, but the plainest is: Conservationists eat.;Wendell Berry;positive
The upside to anger? Getting it out of your system. You got to express your anger. Then you have room for more positive things. If I hold something in a long time, and then I speak it, it's amazing how the light shines so much brighter.;Reba McEntire;positive
We have a positive vision of the future founded on the belief that the gap between the promise and reality of America can one day be finally closed. We believe that.;Barbara Jordan;positive
My incarceration was actually a positive thing from the beginning. I needed a gimmick to get my act going again, it gave me material.;Tommy Chong;positive
I don't personally try to balance my work because I operate under the assumption that anyone reading or watching my stuff isn't having a particularly balanced day anyway. But negative attitudes just amuse me more than positive ones.;Lev Yilmaz;positive
When you're a houseguest and you leave, it's nice to straighten something up or send your hosts a useful gift. And when you leave the planet, it's nice to have made a positive contribution.;Alexander Payne;positive
I think fitness is important. I think a healthy lifestyle is important. I think putting positive energy out there is important and just staying connected with the people.;LL Cool J;positive
I just try to stay positive and focused on the tennis, not let anything get to me, like crazy questions. But I'm tough, let me tell you, tough as nails.;Venus Williams;positive
I had a really bad temper, when I was growing up. Sport helped me channel that temper into more positive acts.;Mike Krzyzewski;positive
I had many teachers that were great, positive role models and taught me to be a good person and stand up and be a good man. A lot of the principals they taught me still affect how I act sometimes and it's 30 years later.;Kevin James;positive
African art is functional, it serves a purpose. It's not a dormant. It's not a means to collect the largest cheering section. It should be healing, a source a joy. Spreading positive vibrations.;Mos Def;positive
I just believe in the goodwill of people, the power of people to do something positive.;Eddie Izzard;positive
An investigator starts research in a new field with faith, a foggy idea, and a few wild experiments. Eventually the interplay of negative and positive results guides the work. By the time the research is completed, he or she knows how it should have been started and conducted.;Donald Cram;positive
I had never had a positive leading character - somebody that wasn't an antihero, or who wasn't more of a guy that you're supposed to be on the side of.;Gus Van Sant;positive
That's what makes Linux so good: you put in something, and that effort multiplies. It's a positive feedback cycle.;Linus Torvalds;positive
I always figure from the cradle to the grave, we all have our individual journeys, and maybe my journey was a positive one and I accomplished certain things without stepping on too many toes.;Robert Duvall;positive
I've always gotten a positive reaction to doing African-American characters.;Tracey Ullman;positive
I'm an algebra liar. I figure two good lies make a positive.;Tim Allen;positive
I presume that nobody will deny the positive aspects of the North American cultural world. These are well known to all. But these aspects do not make one forget the disastrous effects of the industrial and commercial process of 'cultural lamination' that the USA is perpetrating on the planet.;Jose Saramago;positive
We tend to think of politics as bad, full of dirty tricks, negative ads, big campaigns, but I am here to explore the original meaning of politics, which is positive and has to do with balancing competing interests and looking for solutions.;Eric Liu;positive
Facing the press is not easy, but because you have to go, you have to try to take a lot of positive things for yourself from these face-to-face meetings.;Jose Mourinho;positive
I don't like to read about myself, whether it be positive or negative.;Chloe Sevigny;positive
I try to stay positive by focusing on how much I'll appreciate my health if I get better.;Daniel Johns;positive
The only reason we make good role models is because you guys look up to athletes and we can influence you in positive ways. But the real role models should be your parents and teachers!;Dante Hall;positive
If you think of a work of fiction as a kind of scale model of the world, then the positive valences - where things turn out better than you thought they would - ought to be in there somewhere, too.;George Saunders;positive
I turned 54 this year and I find myself feeling like I'm in a bit of a race to get down on paper the way I really feel about life - or the way it has presented to me. And because it has presented to me very beautifully, this is hard. It is technically very hard to show positive manifestations.;George Saunders;positive
Although our inattention can contribute to our lack of total well-being, we also have the power to choose positive behaviors and responses. In that choice we change our every experience of life!;Greg Anderson;positive
Coming to terms with the fear of death is conducive to healing, positive personality transformation, and consciousness evolution.;Stanislav Grof;positive
It is a weird feeling to have people go, 'Hey Chris' like they know me. But, number one, 99 percent of my experiences have been really cool. People couldn't be nicer and more positive.;Christopher Meloni;positive
Don't give up, be positive and if you know someone who knows someone at a record company don't stop beating down their door till you get heard. Don't ever say it'll never happen or it'll never happen.;Mary J. Blige;positive
I have always viewed the mission of Wikipedia to be much bigger than just creating a killer website. We're doing that of course, and having a lot of fun doing it, but a big part of what motivates us is our larger mission to affect the world in a positive way.;Jimmy Wales;positive
I think positive. I always think we're going to score. Two minutes is a lot of time if you have timeouts and you're throwing every down. You have to make the right decisions. I've always had great receivers, which helps. It's not just me doing it.;Dan Marino;positive
The most positive step is to try to expand the employment base by making it, if not economically friendly, at least not economically disastrous, for studios to take on deficits.;Dick Wolf;positive
We have been blessed with a healthy, growing economy, with more Americans going back to work, and with our Nation acting as a positive force for good in the world.;Jim DeMint;positive
I'm an un-healable positive optimist.;Andre Rieu;positive
You know I think that going into therapy is a very positive thing, and talking about it is really helpful, because the more you talk the more your fears fade, because you get it out.;Fran Drescher;positive
To have someone to relate to and hopefully enjoy the music and get a positive message out of it, to make the best music that we possibly could, those were the goals.;Janet Jackson;positive
Food has always brought me comfort and the bingeing is triggered when I'm in a space that is not positive.;Janet Jackson;positive
Each season I find myself constantly inspired by 'The Biggest Loser' contestants. Their tenacity and willingness to learn new, healthy habits is tremendous and the results speak for themselves. I am honored to be part of such an inspiring program that helps inspire positive change in so many lives.;Curtis Stone;positive
Sometimes you're not even sure which of your stories were failures. There are things I've written that I thought were complete catastrophes when I finished with them that have gone on to generate some of my most positive feedback.;Len Wein;positive
We expect all our businesses to have a positive impact on our top and bottom lines. Profitability is very important to us or we wouldn't be in this business.;Jeff Bezos;positive
I launched Chefs for Humanity, a national nonprofit, with my voice, heart and money from my own pocket. Money gives you the ability to make a difference in the world and, when used in a positive way, is a lot of fun.;Cat Cora;positive
I want to come across as a positive person.;Greta Scacchi;positive
Play like you're positive on the victory, even though they're leading big now.;Knute Rockne;positive
People look up to me as somebody who is able to switch the image of our country from negative to positive.;Novak Djokovic;positive
I was brought up by a single mom in a poor town in Arkansas and while some aspects of small-town life were really positive - like the fact that everyone there is really sweet and hospitable - there is also this close-minded mentality, and that naturally made me want to rebel.;Beth Ditto;positive
I just want to put some positive stuff out there. If it works, great. If it doesn't, no problem.;Kevin James;positive
Studies show that children of divorced parents can have outcomes as positive as those coming from intact homes, provided the father remains financially supportive and active in his children's lives.;Larry Elder;positive
Constructive criticism is about finding something good and positive to soften the blow to the real critique of what really went on.;Paula Abdul;positive
I'm a positive person, and I try to look at the good side of everything.;Leona Lewis;positive
I would like to be a positive force for young girls.;Leona Lewis;positive
Optimists are usually wrong. But all the great change in history, positive change, was done by optimists.;Thomas Friedman;positive
I like video games, I like tech, I like being positive.;Jimmy Fallon;positive
And that is why marriage and family law has emphasized the importance of marriage as the foundation of family, addressing the needs of children in the most positive way.;John Boehner;positive
I've been hearing this since I first joined the Reds organization, that I'm going to be the next this or that. It's tough on a young player coming up. You show some positive things and everybody jumps on that and says you should be the next Willie Mays.;Eric Davis;positive
Right now people seem to be very tentative about the positive benefits of capitalism.;Jeb Bush;positive
I will keep smiling, be positive and never give up! I will give 100 percent each time I play. These are always my goals and my attitude.;Yani Tseng;positive
I want to be a positive role-model for my daughter. The last thing I want to put out there is that it's acceptable to be too thin or have an eating disorder because you're in Hollywood.;Tori Spelling;positive
I'm not happy not doing anything. When positive things are rolling in, you've got to take them when you can get them.;Tori Spelling;positive
I am conscious of my inability to grasp, in all its details and positive developments, any very large portion of human knowledge.;Mikhail Bakunin;positive
How do you nurture a positive attitude when all the statistics say you're a dead man? You go to work.;Patrick Swayze;positive
I've noticed that my resolutions involve me not doing stuff that I wasn't going to do anyway so here's something more positive. I'm going to retrain as a Latin teacher in a provincial public school.;Arthur Smith;positive
For, to be a stranger is naturally a very positive relation it is a specific form of interaction.;Georg Simmel;positive
By doing something positive in this world, you're helping people and the future. We're all trying to help the world... make it a better place to live. We're actually still changing the world, aren't we?;Rick Danko;positive
I got a lot of positive people around me.;Dave Chappelle;positive
