Virginity is such a personal thing. You can't judge anyone on it. A lot of young women feel they want to save themselves for the man who they think they'll love forever.;Joyce Brothers;women
We have to consciously study how to be tender with each other until it becomes a habit because what was native has been stolen from us, the love of Black women for each other.;Audre Lorde;women
The men and women of Afghanistan are building a nation that is free, and proud, and fighting terror - and America is honored to be their friend.;George W. Bush;women
The simplest of women are wonderful liars who can extricate themselves from the most difficult dilemmas with a skill bordering on genius.;Guy de Maupassant;women
If you live in rock and roll, as I do, you see the reality of sex, of male lust and women being aroused by male lust. It attracts women. It doesn't repel them.;Camille Paglia;women
The faces of most American women over thirty are relief maps of petulant and bewildered unhappiness.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;women
I've looked on many women with lust. I've committed adultery in my heart many times. God knows I will do this and forgives me.;Jimmy Carter;women
I'm a simple man. All I want is enough sleep for two normal men, enough whiskey for three, and enough women for four.;Joel Rosenberg;women
Black women have always been these vixens, these animalistic erotic women. Why can't we just be the sexy American girl next door?;Tyra Banks;women
As we look forward to freedom, the shining city on the hill and the best days of America lying ahead, it is the men and women in uniform who protect, defend and make us proud to whom we should look and give thanks every night.;Robin Hayes;women
It's so clear that you have to cherish everyone. I think that's what I get from these older black women, that every soul is to be cherished, that every flower Is to bloom.;Alice Walker;women
My mother was very strong. Once, she picked up a coconut and smashed it against my father's head. It taught me about women defending themselves and not collapsing in a heap.;Alice Walker;women
I just like to have words that describe things correctly. Now to me, 'black feminist' does not do that. I need a word that is organic, that really comes out of the culture, that really expresses the spirit that we see in black women. And it's just... womanish.;Alice Walker;women
Oh, if I could but live another century and see the fruition of all the work for women! There is so much yet to be done.;Susan B. Anthony;women
The history of men's opposition to women's emancipation is more interesting perhaps than the story of that emancipation itself.;Virginia Woolf;women
Men and women are not born inconstant: they are made so by their early amorous experiences.;Andre Maurois;women
I would go out with women my age, but there are no women my age.;George Burns;women
A family is a unit composed not only of children but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold.;Ogden Nash;women
I find very often that very ugly women have really handsome men and vice versa because they don't have any competition. Sometimes handsome men have avoided me.;Hedy Lamarr;women
If it's true that men are such beasts, this must account for the fact that most women are animal lovers.;Doris Day;women
Well I do think, when there are more women, that the tone of the conversation changes, and also the goals of the conversation change. But it doesn't mean that the whole world would be a lot better if it were totally run by women. If you think that, you've forgotten high school.;Madeleine Albright;women
When women are depressed, they eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. It's a whole different way of thinking.;Elayne Boosler;women
It's rather splendid to think of all those great men and women who appear to have presented symptoms that allow us to describe them as bipolar. Whether it's Hemingway, Van Gogh... Robert Schumann has been mentioned... Virginia Woolf, Sylvia Plath... some of them with rather grim ends.;Stephen Fry;women
I have encountered riotous mobs and have been hung in effigy, but my motto is: Men's rights are nothing more. Women's rights are nothing less.;Susan B. Anthony;women
Part of it went on gambling, and part of it went on women. The rest I spent foolishly.;George Raft;women
In Hollywood, the women are all peaches. It makes one long for an apple occasionally.;W. Somerset Maugham;women
Silence is an ornament for women.;Sophocles;women
I'm for women choosing whatever they want to do but they have to really know what they are doing.;Alice Walker;women
In my work and in myself I reflect black people, women and men, as I reflect others. One day even the most self-protective ones will look into the mirror I provide and not be afraid.;Alice Walker;women
In mid-life the man wants to see how irresistible he still is to younger women. How they turn their hearts to stone and more or less commit a murder of their marriage I just don't know, but they do.;Earl Warren;women
Money and women. They're two of the strongest things in the world. The things you do for a woman you wouldn't do for anything else. Same with money.;Satchel Paige;women
No struggle can ever succeed without women participating side by side with men.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;women
No man can call himself liberal, or radical, or even a conservative advocate of fair play, if his work depends in any way on the unpaid or underpaid labor of women at home, or in the office.;Gloria Steinem;women
Women are always eagerly on the lookout for any emotion.;Stendhal;women
The unique and supreme voluptuousness of love lies in the certainty of committing evil. And men and women know from birth that in evil is found all sensual delight.;Charles Baudelaire;women
But the true feminist deals out of a lesbian consciousness whether or not she ever sleeps with women.;Audre Lorde;women
Women are a sisterhood. They make common cause in behalf of the sex and, indeed, this is natural enough, when we consider the vast power that the law gives us over them.;William Cobbett;women
Grace in women has more effect than beauty.;William Hazlitt;women
Time is the most valuable thing on earth: time to think, time to act, time to extend our fraternal relations, time to become better men, time to become better women, time to become better and more independent citizens.;Samuel Gompers;women
And I highly recommend for all the women in the world, even if they're 71, you can never take for granted that he loves you. It's always good to flirt with him. It's a great sport.;Salma Hayek;women
I love being a woman and I was not one of these women who rose through professional life by wearing men's clothes or looking masculine. I loved wearing bright colors and being who I am.;Madeleine Albright;women
Even if society dictates that men and women should behave in certain ways, it is fathers and mothers who teach those ways to children not just in the words they say, but in the lives they lead.;Augustus Y. Napier;women
Some women can be fooled all of the time, and all women can be fooled some of the time, but the same woman can't be fooled by the same man in the same way more than half of the time.;Helen Rowland;women
Texas women have an amazing sense of purpose when they lose it. They're the best girls in the world - they're loyal and fun, but when they get mad, they'll try to kill you.;John Cusack;women
I believe there is complete equality between men and women. And I believe those passages in the New Testament, not by Jesus, but by Paul, that say women should not adorn themselves, they should always wear hats or color their hair in church - things like that - I think they are signs of the times and should not apply to modern-day life.;Jimmy Carter;women
Women encourage men to be childish, then scold them.;Mason Cooley;women
The new pope knows that his task is to make the light of Christ shine before men and women of world - not his own light, but that of Christ.;Pope Benedict XVI;women
I want to be a cheerleader for women who have never even considered running for office or being involved in a campaign, but who in the quietness of their hearts might think, 'Why not me?';Marianne Williamson;women
What is sad for women of my generation is that they weren't supposed to work if they had families. What were they going to do when the children are grown - watch the raindrops coming down the window pane?;Jackie Kennedy;women
I want women to be liberated and still be able to have a nice ass and shake it.;Shirley MacLaine;women
If women want any rights more than they's got, why don't they just take them, and not be talking about it.;Sojourner Truth;women
I like a women who's got some balls, some strength. As long as I can beat her at arm wrestling, that's fine.;James Hetfield;women
Resolved, that the women of this nation in 1876, have greater cause for discontent, rebellion and revolution than the men of 1776.;Susan B. Anthony;women
If men are honest, everything they do and everywhere they go is for a chance to see women.;Jack Nicholson;women
The truth is, I often like women. I like their unconventionality. I like their completeness. I like their anonymity.;Virginia Woolf;women
This is an important book, the critic assumes, because it deals with war. This is an insignificant book because it deals with the feelings of women in a drawing-room.;Virginia Woolf;women
Men who want to support women in our struggle for freedom and justice should understand that it is not terrifically important to us that they learn to cry it is important to us that they stop the crimes of violence against us.;Andrea Dworkin;women
I've been trying to find women writers for my staff for a while now and I have three women on my staff and three guys so it's pretty equal. I don't know why that is. It's been the same thing for a while. It's hard for female comedians to stand out. That's weird. That's a shame.;Ellen DeGeneres;women
Comedy can be, especially in a writer's room, really aggressive, kind of a very male-dominated room, and it would be hard for women. It's not a nurturing place. It's not like a lot of women are going to say, I can't wait to live that lifestyle and be in a writer's room until 2 or 3 a.m.;Ellen DeGeneres;women
I was never very interested in boys - and there were plenty of them - vying with one another to see how many famous women they would get into the hay.;Bette Davis;women
I had used eclectic therapy and behavior therapy on myself at the age of 19 to get over my fear of public speaking and of approaching young women in public.;Albert Ellis;women
There's a lot of thought in art. People get to talk about important things. There's a lot of sex, you know, in art. There's a lot of naked women and men, and there's intrigue, there's fakery. It's a real microcosm of the larger world.;Steve Martin;women
A lot of women these days, a lot of young women don't want to call themselves feminists. You have this cheap, hideous 'girl power' sort of fad, which I think is pretty benign at best, but at worst, I think it's a way of taking the politics out of feminism and making it some kind of fashion.;Ani DiFranco;women
The latest research has revealed that women have a higher IQ than men.;A. N. Wilson;women
Three things have been difficult to tame: the oceans, fools and women. We may soon be able to tame the oceans fools and women will take a little longer.;Spiro T. Agnew;women
If we mean to have heroes, statesmen and philosophers, we should have learned women.;Abigail Adams;women
Women - always in trouble with them, but can't live without them.;Ayrton Senna;women
Men know they are sexual exiles. They wander the earth seeking satisfaction, craving and despising, never content. There is nothing in that anguished motion for women to envy.;Camille Paglia;women
The true republic: men, their rights and nothing more women, their rights and nothing less.;Franklin P. Adams;women
Most of us women like men, you know it's just that we find them a constant disappointment.;Clare Short;women
Memorial Day this year is especially important as we are reminded almost daily of the great sacrifices that the men and women of the Armed Services make to defend our way of life.;Robin Hayes;women
I remember when the wave of Jennifer Lopez, Salma Hayek and these beautiful Hispanic women came into light, and I looked up to them and I loved them, but I was like, 'Where are Middle Eastern women?';Kim Kardashian;women
You don't argue with a four-year old about why he shouldn't eat candy for dinner. You don't punch a mentally handicapped guy even if he punches you first. And you don't argue when a women tells you she's only making 80 cents to your dollar. It's the path of least resistance. You save your energy for more important battles.;Scott Adams;women
I think that the day you've figured out the differences between women and men is the day that you're no longer attracted to women. It's the difference that is so fantastic and frustrating and angering, and really sexy.;Kiefer Sutherland;women
If women be educated for dependence that is, to act according to the will of another fallible being, and submit, right or wrong, to power, where are we to stop?;Mary Wollstonecraft;women
Women are systematically degraded by receiving the trivial attentions which men think it manly to pay to the sex, when, in fact, men are insultingly supporting their own superiority.;Mary Wollstonecraft;women
I'd much rather be a woman than a man. Women can cry, they can wear cute clothes, and they're the first to be rescued off sinking ships.;Gilda Radner;women
The breakdown of the black community, in order to maintain slavery, began with the breakdown of the black family. Men and women were not legally allowed to get married because you couldn't have that kind of love. It might get in the way of the economics of slavery. Your children could be taken from you and literally sold down the river.;Kerry Washington;women
A man's sentiments are generally just and right, while it is second selfish thought which makes him trim and adopt some other view. The best reforms are worked out when sentiment operates, as it does in women, with the indignation of righteousness.;Leland Stanford;women
America is a friend to the people of Iraq. Our demands are directed only at the regime that enslaves them and threatens us. When these demands are met, the first and greatest benefit will come to Iraqi men, women and children.;George W. Bush;women
When women hold off from marrying men, we call it independence. When men hold off from marrying women, we call it fear of commitment.;Warren Farrell;women
As Americans, we don't see the role of government as guaranteeing outcomes, but allowing free men and women to flourish based on their own vision, their hard work and their personal responsibility.;Rick Perry;women
Black women don't have the same body image problems as white women. They are proud of their bodies.;Tyra Banks;women
I was surrounded by strong women so it had never even occurred to me that women were anything other than equal to men.;David Bailey;women
Faithful women are all alike, they think only of their fidelity, never of their husbands.;Jean Giraudoux;women
For real change, we need feminine energy in the management of the world. We need a critical number of women in positions of power, and we need to nurture the feminine energy in men.;Isabel Allende;women
Men who consistently leave the toilet seat up secretly want women to get up to go the bathroom in the middle of the night and fall in.;Rita Rudner;women
There's very little advice in men's magazines, because men don't think there's a lot they don't know. Women do. Women want to learn. Men think, 'I know what I'm doing, just show me somebody naked.';Jerry Seinfeld;women
Women are the only exploited group in history to have been idealized into powerlessness.;Erica Jong;women
Women priests. Great, great. Now there's priests of both sexes I don't listen to.;Bill Hicks;women
Women are wiser than men because they know less and understand more.;James Thurber;women
No woman has to be a victim of physical abuse. Women have to feel like they are not alone.;Salma Hayek;women
Hundreds of thousands of American servicemen and women are deployed across the world in the war on terror. By bringing hope to the oppressed, and delivering justice to the violent, they are making America more secure.;George W. Bush;women
As the mother of two daughters, I have great respect for women. And I don't ever want to lose that.;Vera Wang;women
I am truly free only when all human beings, men and women, are equally free. The freedom of other men, far from negating or limiting my freedom, is, on the contrary, its necessary premise and confirmation.;Mikhail Bakunin;women
She belongs to a race of delightful women, who never do any harm, whom everybody calls good, and who are very severe on those who do not pretend to be good.;Gilbert Parker;women
While gossip among women is universally ridiculed as low and trivial, gossip among men, especially if it is about women, is called theory, or idea, or fact.;Andrea Dworkin;women
When I get up and work out, I'm working out just as much for my girls as I am for me, because I want them to see a mother who loves them dearly, who invests in them, but who also invests in herself. It's just as much about letting them know as young women that it is okay to put yourself a little higher on your priority list.;Michelle Obama;women
As to the deceit perpetrated upon women, let it pass, for, when love is in the way, men and women as a general rule dupe each other.;Giacomo Casanova;women
