Like all dreamers, I mistook disenchantment for truth.;Jean-Paul Sartre;dreams
The dreamer can know no truth, not even about his dream, except by awaking out of it.;George Santayana;dreams
Those who have compared our life to a dream were right... we were sleeping wake, and waking sleep.;Michel de Montaigne;dreams
Dream manfully and nobly, and thy dreams shall be prophets.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;dreams
I am a dreamer. Seriously, I'm living on another planet.;Eva Green;dreams
God's gifts put man's best dreams to shame.;Elizabeth Barrett Browning;dreams
I have always been amazed at the way an ordinary observer lends so much more credence and attaches so much more importance to waking events than to those occurring in dreams... Man... is above all the plaything of his memory.;Andre Breton;dreams
Perhaps life is just that... a dream and a fear.;Joseph Conrad;dreams
I don't use drugs, my dreams are frightening enough.;M. C. Escher;dreams
I tell people I'm too stupid to know what's impossible. I have ridiculously large dreams, and half the time they come true.;Debi Thomas;dreams
Dreaming of a tomorrow, which tomorrow, will be as distant then as 'tis today.;Lope de Vega;dreams
Dreams will get you nowhere, a good kick in the pants will take you a long way.;Baltasar Gracian;dreams
Dreaming men are haunted men.;Stephen Vincent Benet;dreams
My dreams were all my own I accounted for them to nobody they were my refuge when annoyed - my dearest pleasure when free.;Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley;dreams
Man is a genius when he is dreaming.;Akira Kurosawa;dreams
The world of men is dreaming, it has gone mad in its sleep, and a snake is strangling it, but it can't wake up.;David Herbert Lawrence;dreams
We are near waking when we dream we are dreaming.;Novalis;dreams
You have to have a dream so you can get up in the morning.;Billy Wilder;dreams
Was it only by dreaming or writing that I could find out what I thought?;Joan Didion;dreams
I was always a dreamer, in childhood especially. People thought I was a little strange.;Charley Pride;dreams
People are so busy dreaming the American Dream, fantasizing about what they could be or have a right to be, that they're all asleep at the switch. Consequently we are living in the Age of Human Error.;Florence King;dreams
This is the city of dreamers and time and again it's the place where the greatest dream of all, the American dream, has been tested and has triumphed.;Michael Bloomberg;dreams
Only the dreamer shall understand realities, though in truth his dreaming must be not out of proportion to his waking.;Margaret Fuller;dreams
One of the most adventurous things left us is to go to bed. For no one can lay a hand on our dreams.;E. V. Lucas;dreams
We all keep dreaming, and luckily, dreams come true.;Katie Holmes;dreams
You know, Willie Wonka said it best: we are the makers of dreams, the dreamers of dreams.;Herb Brooks;dreams
Married or unmarried, young or old, poet or worker, you are still a dreamer, and will one time know, and feel, that your life is but a dream.;Donald G. Mitchell;dreams
I challenge you to be dreamers I challenge you to be doers and let us make the greatest place in the world even better.;Brian Schweitzer;dreams
The interpretation of dreams is a great art.;Paracelsus;dreams
Everybody's a dreamer.;John Lithgow;dreams
People need dreams, there's as much nourishment in 'em as food.;Dorothy Gilman;dreams
That's what keeps me going: dreaming, inventing, then hoping and dreaming some more in order to keep dreaming.;Joseph Barbera;dreams
You can plant a dream.;Anne Campbell;dreams
Writers write. Dreamers talk about it.;Jerry B. Jenkins;dreams
Oh, I was never a businessman. I was a visionary, a dreamer.;Jim Bakker;dreams
Take everything easy and quit dreaming and brooding and you will be well guarded from a thousand evils.;Amy Lowell;dreams
Strivers achieve what dreamers believe.;Usher;dreams
We should never discourage young people from dreaming dreams.;Lenny Wilkens;dreams
Only things the dreamers make live on. They are the eternal conquerors.;Herbert Kaufman;dreams
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.;Henry David Thoreau;dreams
I believe in everything until it's disproved. So I believe in fairies, the myths, dragons. It all exists, even if it's in your mind. Who's to say that dreams and nightmares aren't as real as the here and now?;John Lennon;dreams
Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.;Ashley Smith;dreams
Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods, get plenty of exercise and maintain a healthy lifestyle.;Sasha Cohen;dreams
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.;Thomas Jefferson;dreams
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.;Napoleon Hill;dreams
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams who looks inside, awakes.;Carl Jung;dreams
Friends... they cherish one another's hopes. They are kind to one another's dreams.;Henry David Thoreau;dreams
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.;Robert Fulghum;dreams
I prefer to be a dreamer among the humblest, with visions to be realized, than lord among those without dreams and desires.;Khalil Gibran;dreams
But I, being poor, have only my dreams I have spread my dreams under your feet Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.;William Butler Yeats;dreams
The only thing that comes to a sleeping man is dreams.;Tupac Shakur;dreams
I have learned, that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.;Henry David Thoreau;dreams
A man is a god in ruins. When men are innocent, life shall be longer, and shall pass into the immortal, as gently as we awake from dreams.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;dreams
Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity.;Khalil Gibran;dreams
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.;Pope John XXIII;dreams
The only time you really live fully is from thirty to sixty. The young are slaves to dreams the old servants of regrets. Only the middle-aged have all their five senses in the keeping of their wits.;Theodore Roosevelt;dreams
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake.;Henry David Thoreau;dreams
If there are dreams about a beautiful South Africa, there are also roads that lead to their goal. Two of these roads could be named Goodness and Forgiveness.;Nelson Mandela;dreams
The ninety and nine are with dreams, content but the hope of the world made new, is the hundredth man who is grimly bent on making those dreams come true.;Edgar Allan Poe;dreams
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.;Oprah Winfrey;dreams
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.;Henry David Thoreau;dreams
I'll let you be in my dreams if I can be in yours.;Bob Dylan;dreams
I am against nature. I don't dig nature at all. I think nature is very unnatural. I think the truly natural things are dreams, which nature can't touch with decay.;Bob Dylan;dreams
It is better to risk starving to death then surrender. If you give up on your dreams, what's left?;Jim Carrey;dreams
Dreams are often most profound when they seem the most crazy.;Sigmund Freud;dreams
I really had a lot of dreams when I was a kid, and I think a great deal of that grew out of the fact that I had a chance to read a lot.;Bill Gates;dreams
Keep true to the dreams of your youth.;Friedrich Schiller;dreams
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.;Langston Hughes;dreams
Sometimes dreams are wiser than waking.;Black Elk;dreams
Why does the eye see a thing more clearly in dreams than the imagination when awake?;Leonardo da Vinci;dreams
Believe in love. Believe in magic. Hell, believe in Santa Clause. Believe in others. Believe in yourself. Believe in your dreams. If you don't, who will?;Jon Bon Jovi;dreams
Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.;William Butler Yeats;dreams
We cast away priceless time in dreams, born of imagination, fed upon illusion, and put to death by reality.;Judy Garland;dreams
Man, alone, has the power to transform his thoughts into physical reality man, alone, can dream and make his dreams come true.;Napoleon Hill;dreams
Our life is composed greatly from dreams, from the unconscious, and they must be brought into connection with action. They must be woven together.;Anais Nin;dreams
Dreams must be heeded and accepted. For a great many of them come true.;Paracelsus;dreams
Business and growing jobs is about taking risk, sometimes failing, sometimes succeeding, but always striving. It is about dreams. Usually, it doesn't work out exactly as you might have imagined. Steve Jobs was fired at Apple. He came back and changed the world.;Mitt Romney;dreams
Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove. But I find that the whole order of Nature confirms my confidence that, if it is not like our noblest hopes and dreams, it will transcend them.;Henry Norris Russell;dreams
I'd say it's been my biggest problem all my life... it's money. It takes a lot of money to make these dreams come true.;Walt Disney;dreams
Keep your dreams alive. Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself, vision, hard work, determination, and dedication. Remember all things are possible for those who believe.;Gail Devers;dreams
Don't give up on your dreams, or your dreams will give up on you.;John Wooden;dreams
If you dream the proper dreams, and share the myths with people, they will want to grow up to be like you.;Ray Bradbury;dreams
Computers are magnificent tools for the realization of our dreams, but no machine can replace the human spark of spirit, compassion, love, and understanding.;Louis Gerstner;dreams
Both dreams and myths are important communications from ourselves to ourselves. If we do not understand the language in which they are written, we miss a great deal of what we know and tell ourselves in those hours when we are not busy manipulating the outside world.;Erich Fromm;dreams
Dreams do come true, if we only wish hard enough, You can have anything in life if you will sacrifice everything else for it.;James M. Barrie;dreams
The greatest achievement was at first and for a time a dream. The oak sleeps in the acorn, the bird waits in the egg, and in the highest vision of the soul a waking angel stirs. Dreams are the seedlings of realities.;James Allen;dreams
High achievers spot rich opportunities swiftly, make big decisions quickly and move into action immediately. Follow these principles and you can make your dreams come true.;Robert H. Schuller;dreams
How blessed are some people, whose lives have no fears, no dreads to whom sleep is a blessing that comes nightly, and brings nothing but sweet dreams.;Bram Stoker;dreams
Never underestimate the power of dreams and the influence of the human spirit. We are all the same in this notion: The potential for greatness lives within each of us.;Wilma Rudolph;dreams
You know, my dad served in the President's Cabinet after his time as a governor. He told me he enjoyed being governor a lot more. Now, I understand why. If I do my job well, I can make a difference in people's lives and I can help our children realize their dreams.;Mitt Romney;dreams
When all of your wishes are granted, many of your dreams will be destroyed.;Marilyn Manson;dreams
Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours.;Les Brown;dreams
It is not true that people stop pursuing dreams because they grow old, they grow old because they stop pursuing dreams.;Gabriel Garcia Marquez;dreams
In my dreams I hear again the crash of guns, the rattle of musketry, the strange, mournful mutter of the battlefield.;Douglas MacArthur;dreams
Anyone who has lost track of time when using a computer knows the propensity to dream, the urge to make dreams come true and the tendency to miss lunch.;Tim Berners-Lee;dreams
What is a television apparatus to man, who has only to shut his eyes to see the most inaccessible regions of the seen and the never seen, who has only to imagine in order to pierce through walls and cause all the planetary Baghdads of his dreams to rise from the dust.;Salvador Dali;dreams
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.;Les Brown;dreams
Our life dreams the Utopia. Our death achieves the Ideal.;Victor Hugo;dreams
I have dreamed in my life, dreams that have stayed with me ever after, and changed my ideas they have gone through and through me, like wine through water, and altered the color of my mind.;Emily Bronte;dreams
