Yes, but I don't think of the Teen Angel as of an age.;Frankie Avalon;teen
I love the live performances and Las Vegas. I also like making films that are being discovered by another generation. Having been a teen idol of the '60s is great because you realize you left your generation with a smile and good memories.;Connie Stevens;teen
I see it as more of a teenage activity than, you know, she's only 11, but you know, I think it's great that she knows so many girls who want to play music. And I see it more as a teen activity than I do as going into music.;Kim Gordon;teen
I don't think there's a problem with being a teen idol, if that happens to me, I'll be happy to deal with it.;Josh Hartnett;teen
I'm so fascinated by the concept of teen pregnancy for some reason. Not that I condone it or promote it, but it's just a very real thing in our country and culture.;Leven Rambin;teen
I've never done a teen movie before, but I certainly could tell you some of the ones I came very close on. I was very close on Clueless and She's All That.;Mia Kirshner;teen
I take mentoring very seriously and I am on the board of an organization called Girls Write Now, where we match teen girls and writing mentors because it changes their lives.;Tayari Jones;teen
When I was growing up, particularly during puberty in my teen years, I was so miserable because I elicited so much teasing and meanness from my teenage cohorts.;Linda Hunt;teen
I did work at a mall in college - I think retail/customer service is just one of the most hideous jobs in the world. So I always try to be extra nice when I go into a store. But malls are part of our culture, if you watched any teen comedy in the '80s. it's clear that malls are where we live!;Jayma Mays;teen
I don't want to be a 'teen star' because so many people don't ever grow out of that.;Lacey Chabert;teen
The distinction has blurred between young adult and adult books. Some of the teen books have become more sophisticated.;Ann Brashares;teen
I remember as a teen being able to eat more than my father. I was growing so fast and my body couldn't keep up.;Saskia de Brauw;teen
Honestly, I never thought I'd actually be playing a teen lesbian. I didn't think it was going to go this far. But I'm glad that it did, because there have been a lot of fans who have expressed that they've been going through similar situations in their lives.;Naya Rivera;teen
Maybe that's the whole teen oeuvre, you know covering people in disgusting bodily fluids and whatnot.;Rider Strong;teen
I'm pretty sure this is it for the teen movie thing. It's so frustrating to read when you get to page 20 and you're like, Oy! It's the same thing again!;Marla Sokoloff;teen
Being a teen is past for me. Worrying about the world and my place in it is not.;Ally Condie;teen
You need to know what makes artists tick. Having been through the process myself as a musician, since I was an early teen, gave me an advantage - understanding them from their point of view, because it's about them, it's not about you - it's their vision and what they're capable of achieving, and you're the conduit.;Tommy Mottola;teen
I love being a part of Aqua Teen.;Dana Snyder;teen
I was a teen idol and that has a short shelf life.;Shaun Cassidy;teen
Just because you have teenagers in a movie doesn't make it a teen movie.;Brendan Fehr;teen
I progressed through so many different styles of music through my teen years, both as a player and a vocalist, particularly the jazz and pop of the early 20th Century.;Jeff Healey;teen
When you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light, for your life, for your strength. Give thanks for your food and for the joy of living. If you see no reason to give thanks, the fault lies in yourself.;Tecumseh;thankful
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day.;John Wooden;thankful
When you practice gratefulness, there is a sense of respect toward others.;Dalai Lama;thankful
Sometimes our light goes out but is blown into flame by another human being. Each of us owes deepest thanks to those who have rekindled this light.;Albert Schweitzer;thankful
Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.;Alan Cohen;thankful
I am thankful for laughter, except when milk comes out of my nose.;Woody Allen;thankful
The unthankful heart... discovers no mercies but let the thankful heart sweep through the day and, as the magnet finds the iron, so it will find, in every hour, some heavenly blessings!;Henry Ward Beecher;thankful
Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns I am thankful that thorns have roses.;Alphonse Karr;thankful
I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;thankful
Keep your eyes open to your mercies. The man who forgets to be thankful has fallen asleep in life.;Robert Louis Stevenson;thankful
It is another's fault if he be ungrateful, but it is mine if I do not give. To find one thankful man, I will oblige a great many that are not so.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;thankful
Thankfulness is the beginning of gratitude. Gratitude is the completion of thankfulness. Thankfulness may consist merely of words. Gratitude is shown in acts.;Henri Frederic Amiel;thankful
God has two dwellings one in heaven, and the other in a meek and thankful heart.;Izaak Walton;thankful
Old age is not a matter for sorrow. It is matter for thanks if we have left our work done behind us.;Thomas Carlyle;thankful
I am what I am, I'm doing very well in my life, and I'm thankful to God for that.;LL Cool J;thankful
Thanks to television, for the first time the young are seeing history made before it is censored by their elders.;Margaret Mead;thankful
I'm thankful for serendipitous moments in my life, where things could've gone the other way.;Rick Springfield;thankful
I'm thankful to be breathing, on this side of the grass. Whatever comes, comes.;Ron Perlman;thankful
It's been quite a roller coaster ride, but I've grown and learned a lot about myself. The greatest thing is being able to interact with fans and touch people's lives... for that I give thanks.;Christina Aguilera;thankful
Unseasonable kindness gets no thanks.;Thomas Fuller;thankful
Every day I've got to be thankful that I am alive, and you never know - the cliche is, I guess, you could get hit by a bus tomorrow, so you'd better be at peace with whatever you got going at the moment.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;thankful
From too much love of living, From hope and fear set free, We thank with brief thanksgiving Whatever gods may be That no life lives for ever That dead men rise up never That even the weariest river Winds somewhere safe to sea.;Algernon Charles Swinburne;thankful
I am thankful, of course, for the prize and thankful to God for each story, each idea, each word, each day.;Isaac Bashevis Singer;thankful
Thank God we're living in a country where the sky's the limit, the stores are open late and you can shop in bed thanks to television.;Joan Rivers;thankful
Thank you, dear God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough. Thank you for the rain. And for the chance to wake up in three hours and go fishing: I thank you for that now, because I won't feel so thankful then.;Garrison Keillor;thankful
As we look forward to freedom, the shining city on the hill and the best days of America lying ahead, it is the men and women in uniform who protect, defend and make us proud to whom we should look and give thanks every night.;Robin Hayes;thankful
I do not so much rejoice that God hath made me to be a Queen, as to be a Queen over so thankful a people.;Elizabeth I;thankful
Most people repent their sins by thanking God they ain't so wicked as their neighbors.;Josh Billings;thankful
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks.;James Allen;thankful
I say grace. I'm a big believer in grace. I happen to believe in a God that made all the food and so I'm pretty grateful for that and I thank him for that. But I'm also thankful for the people that put the food on the table.;Alton Brown;thankful
All I ever wanted really, and continue to want out of life, is to give 100 percent to whatever I'm doing and to be committed to whatever I'm doing and then let the results speak for themselves. Also to never take myself or people for granted and always be thankful and grateful to the people who helped me.;Jackie Joyner-Kersee;thankful
I'm thankful to my family, friends, and fans for all of their support.;Serena Williams;thankful
I wouldn't change anything. I've made mistakes, but thanks to those mistakes, I've learned.;Enrique Iglesias;thankful
I'm very thankful to be doing what I'm doing. I feel very blessed.;Justin Timberlake;thankful
Thanks to the Interstate Highway System, it is now possible to travel across the country from coast to coast without seeing anything.;Charles Kuralt;thankful
Certainly my parents were a huge influence. They always expected the most out of all of us. And expected us to do our very best. I'm thankful to them for allowing me to do what I wanted to do.;Laurel Clark;thankful
Sometimes we need to remind ourselves that thankfulness is indeed a virtue.;William Bennett;thankful
Look folks, we know who built this country and we know who is going to rebuild it. It's you. Instead of vilifying you, we should be thanking you. We owe you.;Joe Biden;thankful
I'd like to say to all my fans out there, thanks for the support. And to all my doubters, thank you very much because you guys have also pushed me.;Usain Bolt;thankful
When you read a piece of writing that you admire, send a note of thanks to the author.;Sherman Alexie;thankful
Such lovely warmth of thought and delicacy of colour are beyond all praise, and equally beyond all thanks!;Marie Corelli;thankful
Like Christ said, love thee one another. I learned to do that, and I learned to respect and be appreciative and thankful for what I had.;James Brown;thankful
I'm thankful for weird people out there 'cause they're some of the most creative people.;Channing Tatum;thankful
Every one of our greatest national treasures, our liberty, enterprise, vitality, wealth, military power, global authority, flow from a surprising source: our ability to give thanks.;Tony Snow;thankful
I am going to spend my time today just thanking the people that played a role in my career, because I truly do believe that I was blessed by a lot of people that paths crossed mine as I went down the road in my career.;Nolan Ryan;thankful
I don't need a holiday or a feast to feel grateful for my children, the sun, the moon, the roof over my head, music, and laughter, but I like to take this time to take the path of thanks less traveled.;Paula Poundstone;thankful
The first thing I do when I start my day is, I get down on my hands and knees and give thanks to God. Whenever I go outside of my house, the first thing I do is stop at the church.;Mark Wahlberg;thankful
Should it happen tomorrow, I would fall to my knees to give thanks to God for such a career.;Placido Domingo;thankful
I'm really looking forward to the Hall of Fame ceremonies. It's going to be unbelievable - just crazy. I'm looking forward to thanking all the fans for inspiring me to go out there and play my best football each and every game.;Jerry Rice;thankful
Let a nation's fervent thanks make some amends for the toils and sufferings of those who survive.;Edward Everett;thankful
I'm so thankful for the active obedience of Christ. No hope without it.;John Gresham Machen;thankful
I am thankful I can see much to admire in all religions.;Alfred Russel Wallace;thankful
We sing a little song before we eat, a little blessing before we eat, and it's really - we're thanking the Lord and the Earth for the food that we eat, and it really brings you together in a profound kind of way.;Phil Lesh;thankful
The act is unjustifiable that either begs for a blessing, or, having succeeded gives no thanksgiving.;Merle Shain;thankful
In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.;Albert Schweitzer;thankful
Be thankful for what you have you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.;Oprah Winfrey;thankful
The thankful receiver bears a plentiful harvest.;William Blake;thankful
In this world of sin and sorrow there is always something to be thankful for as for me, I rejoice that I am not a Republican.;H. L. Mencken;thankful
Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for.;Will Rogers;thankful
Thanksgiving is a time when the world gets to see just how blessed and how workable the Christian system is. The emphasis is not on giving or buying, but on being thankful and expressing that appreciation to God and to one another.;John Clayton;thankful
If you are really thankful, what do you do? You share.;W. Clement Stone;thankful
I'm thankful for the incredible advances in medicine that have taken place during my lifetime. I almost certainly wouldn't still be here if it weren't for them.;Billy Graham;thankful
The children have been a wonderful gift to me, and I'm thankful to have once again seen our world through their eyes. They restore my faith in the family's future.;Jackie Kennedy;thankful
We can be thankful to a friend for a few acres, or a little money and yet for the freedom and command of the whole earth, and for the great benefits of our being, our life, health, and reason, we look upon ourselves as under no obligation.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;thankful
For what I have received may the Lord make me truly thankful. And more truly for what I have not received.;Storm Jameson;thankful
Be thankful for problems. If they were less difficult, someone with less ability might have your job.;James A. Lovell;thankful
I'm thankful for every moment.;Al Green;thankful
I am thankful the most important key in history was invented. It's not the key to your house, your car, your boat, your safety deposit box, your bike lock or your private community. It's the key to order, sanity, and peace of mind. The key is 'Delete.';Elayne Boosler;thankful
If a fellow isn't thankful for what he's got, he isn't likely to be thankful for what he's going to get.;Frank A. Clark;thankful
As a child, I didn't know what I didn't have. I'm thankful for the challenges early on in my life because now I have a perspective on the world and kind of know what's important.;America Ferrera;thankful
I realized this is what God has dealt me, and I should be thankful considering all that's happened to me in my life, but MS caused the movies to stop - stop dead - and I miss it.;Richard Pryor;thankful
I'm thankful I grew up the way I did. It made me a hard worker and insightful to other people's lives.;Rachel Roy;thankful
I realize how unique my path has been. And I'm thankful for that.;Vanessa Paradis;thankful
I'm thankful for all the things that this job has given me and my family. But probably the thing that I am most proud of throughout my career is that, not only myself, but my family and the people around me have just been regular people, which we are.;Brett Favre;thankful
We in the United States should be all the more thankful for the freedom and religious tolerance we enjoy. And we should always remember the lessons learned from the Holocaust, in hopes we stay vigilant against such inhumanity now and in the future.;Charlie Dent;thankful
I am thankful that geniuses and artists and good people, no matter how hard it is, will eventually be recognized. I am doubly thankful that also goes for idiots.;Elayne Boosler;thankful
I am thankful I was born in America, although if I gain any more weight the burqa thing may start to seem like a good idea to me. See? Another plus about America, you can always find some food.;Elayne Boosler;thankful
I'm thankful for the three ounce Ziploc bag, so that I have somewhere to put my savings.;Paula Poundstone;thankful
