Don't waste time on jealousy. Sometimes you're ahead, sometimes you're behind.;Mary Schmich;time
The sum of wisdom is that time is never lost that is devoted to work.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;time
Who hears me, who understands me, becomes mine, a possession for all time.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;time
I'm concentrating on staying healthy, having peace, being happy, remembering what is important, taking in nature and animals, spending time reading, trying to understand the universe, where science and the spiritual meet.;Joan Jett;time
For one swallow does not make a summer, nor does one day and so too one day, or a short time, does not make a man blessed and happy.;Aristotle;time
The difference between a democracy and a dictatorship is that in a democracy you vote first and take orders later in a dictatorship you don't have to waste your time voting.;Charles Bukowski;time
Manners require time, and nothing is more vulgar than haste.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;time
We do not yet possess ourselves, and we know at the same time that we are much more.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;time
But if nothing but soul, or in soul mind, is qualified to count, it is impossible for there to be time unless there is soul, but only that of which time is an attribute, i.e. if change can exist without soul.;Aristotle;time
Christmas is the time when kids tell Santa what they want and adults pay for it. Deficits are when adults tell government what they want and their kids pay for it.;Richard Lamm;time
Glance into the world just as though time were gone: and everything crooked will become straight to you.;Friedrich Nietzsche;time
When I lose the sense of motivation and the sense to prove something as a basketball player, it's time for me to move away from the game.;Michael Jordan;time
Death is a challenge. It tells us not to waste time... It tells us to tell each other right now that we love each other.;Leo Buscaglia;time
The only time you really live fully is from thirty to sixty. The young are slaves to dreams the old servants of regrets. Only the middle-aged have all their five senses in the keeping of their wits.;Theodore Roosevelt;time
I went to a restaurant that serves 'breakfast at any time'. So I ordered French Toast during the Renaissance.;Steven Wright;time
I prefer peace. But if trouble must come, let it come in my time, so that my children can live in peace.;Thomas Paine;time
A broad margin of leisure is as beautiful in a man's life as in a book. Haste makes waste, no less in life than in housekeeping. Keep the time, observe the hours of the universe, not of the cars.;Henry David Thoreau;time
You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new.;Steve Jobs;time
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door.;Coco Chanel;time
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.;George Bernard Shaw;time
Whether if soul did not exist time would exist or not, is a question that may fairly be asked for if there cannot be someone to count there cannot be anything that can be counted, so that evidently there cannot be number for number is either what has been, or what can be, counted.;Aristotle;time
If you just set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing.;Margaret Thatcher;time
In my mind I'm a blind man doin' time.;Tupac Shakur;time
For a competitive junkie like me, golf is a great solution because it smacks you in the face every time you think you have accomplished something. That to me has taken over a lot of the energy and competitiveness for basketball.;Michael Jordan;time
It is of practical value to learn to like yourself. Since you must spend so much time with yourself you might as well get some satisfaction out of the relationship.;Norman Vincent Peale;time
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity.;Henry David Thoreau;time
Time and tide wait for no man.;Geoffrey Chaucer;time
I don't have time for their judgement and their stupidity and you know they lay down with their ugly wives in front of their ugly children and look at their loser lives and then they look at me and they say, 'I can't process it' well, no, you never will stop trying, just sit back and enjoy the show. You know?;Charlie Sheen;time
I read poetry to save time.;Marilyn Monroe;time
For a long time I was scared I'd find out I was like my mother.;Marilyn Monroe;time
Consider the fellow. He never spends his time telling you about his previous night's date. You get the idea he has eyes only for you and wouldn't think of looking at another woman.;Marilyn Monroe;time
Treat your kid like a darling for the first five years. For the next five years, scold them. By the time they turn sixteen, treat them like a friend. Your grown up children are your best friends.;Chanakya;time
The only time I have problems is when I sleep.;Tupac Shakur;time
All the forces in the world are not so powerful as an idea whose time has come.;Victor Hugo;time
Anything I've ever said, I certainly was feeling at the time.;Eminem;time
I was looking for something a lot heavier, yet melodic at the same time. Something different from heavy metal, a different attitude.;Kurt Cobain;time
Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time.;Arnold H. Glasow;time
As societies grow decadent, the language grows decadent, too. Words are used to disguise, not to illuminate, action: you liberate a city by destroying it. Words are to confuse, so that at election time people will solemnly vote against their own interests.;Gore Vidal;time
Well, I'm working all the time to stay out of trouble!;Eminem;time
There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest.;Elie Wiesel;time
If you treat people right they will treat you right... ninety percent of the time.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;time
The time I burned my guitar it was like a sacrifice. You sacrifice the things you love. I love my guitar.;Jimi Hendrix;time
People won't have time for you if you are always angry or complaining.;Stephen Hawking;time
For years my wedding ring has done its job. It has led me not into temptation. It has reminded my husband numerous times at parties that it's time to go home. It has been a source of relief to a dinner companion. It has been a status symbol in the maternity ward.;Erma Bombeck;time
I try to treat all the money I'm making like it's the last time I'm going to make it.;Eminem;time
As you become more clear about who you really are, you'll be better able to decide what is best for you - the first time around.;Oprah Winfrey;time
It is paradoxical that many educators and parents still differentiate between a time for learning and a time for play without seeing the vital connection between them.;Leo Buscaglia;time
I drink too much. The last time I gave a urine sample it had an olive in it.;Rodney Dangerfield;time
The finest workers in stone are not copper or steel tools, but the gentle touches of air and water working at their leisure with a liberal allowance of time.;Henry David Thoreau;time
We didn't lose the game we just ran out of time.;Vince Lombardi;time
Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time.;Rabindranath Tagore;time
I would like to be remembered as a man who had a wonderful time living life, a man who had good friends, fine family - and I don't think I could ask for anything more than that, actually.;Frank Sinatra;time
I think people should be allowed to do anything they want. We haven't tried that for a while. Maybe this time it'll work.;George Carlin;time
I'm sorry, man, but I've got magic. I've got poetry in my fingertips. Most of the time - and this includes naps - I'm an F-18, bro. And I will destroy you in the air. I will deploy my ordinance to the ground.;Charlie Sheen;time
Death is caused by swallowing small amounts of saliva over a long period of time.;George Carlin;time
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.;Marcus Aurelius;time
I have a new philosophy. I'm only going to dread one day at a time.;Charles M. Schulz;time
Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to criticize others.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;time
I like refried beans. That's why I wanna try fried beans, because maybe they're just as good and we're just wasting time. You don't have to fry them again after all.;Mitch Hedberg;time
Without music to decorate it, time is just a bunch of boring production deadlines or dates by which bills must be paid.;Frank Zappa;time
Once you have mastered time, you will understand how true it is that most people overestimate what they can accomplish in a year - and underestimate what they can achieve in a decade!;Tony Robbins;time
Know the true value of time snatch, seize, and enjoy every moment of it. No idleness, no laziness, no procrastination: never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.;Lord Chesterfield;time
Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There's a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning.;Bill Gates;time
Never permit a dichotomy to rule your life, a dichotomy in which you hate what you do so you can have pleasure in your spare time. Look for a situation in which your work will give you as much happiness as your spare time.;Pablo Picasso;time
The time to take counsel of your fears is before you make an important battle decision. That's the time to listen to every fear you can imagine! When you have collected all the facts and fears and made your decision, turn off all your fears and go ahead!;George S. Patton;time
It takes a long time to grow an old friend.;John Leonard;time
How much time he saves who does not look to see what his neighbor says or does or thinks.;Marcus Aurelius;time
Take time to gather up the past so that you will be able to draw from your experience and invest them in the future.;Jim Rohn;time
Spend some time this weekend on home improvement improve your attitude toward your family.;Bo Bennett;time
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time.;Elbert Hubbard;time
The competitor to be feared is one who never bothers about you at all, but goes on making his own business better all the time.;Henry Ford;time
The man who writes about himself and his own time is the only man who writes about all people and about all time.;George Bernard Shaw;time
A veteran journalist has never had time to think twice before he writes.;George Bernard Shaw;time
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over.;Octavia Butler;time
I'm dealing with fools and trolls and soft targets. It's just strafing runs in my underwear before my first cup of coffee. I don't have time for these clowns.;Charlie Sheen;time
Make measurable progress in reasonable time.;Jim Rohn;time
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;time
Most people spend more time and energy going around problems than in trying to solve them.;Henry Ford;time
Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes.;Bill Cosby;time
How many a man has thrown up his hands at a time when a little more effort, a little more patience would have achieved success.;Elbert Hubbard;time
There is a vitality, a life force, an energy, a quickening, that is translated through you into action, and because there is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique.;Martha Graham;time
It's only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth - and that we have no way of knowing when our time is up, we will then begin to live each day to the fullest, as if it was the only one we had.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;time
When friends asked me, Can we help? I'd say, Not unless you can alter time, speed up the harvest or teleport me off this rock. I used that line from Star Wars.;Charlie Sheen;time
I'm sorry, it's true. Having children really changes your view on these things. We're born, we live for a brief instant, and we die. It's been happening for a long time. Technology is not changing it much - if at all.;Steve Jobs;time
Nine-tenths of wisdom is being wise in time.;Theodore Roosevelt;time
I am confident that nobody... will accuse me of selfishness if I ask to spend time, while I am still in good health, with my family, my friends and also with myself.;Nelson Mandela;time
People always fear change. People feared electricity when it was invented, didn't they? People feared coal, they feared gas-powered engines... There will always be ignorance, and ignorance leads to fear. But with time, people will come to accept their silicon masters.;Bill Gates;time
You don't have to be singing about love all the time in order to give love to the people. You don't have to keep flashing those words all the time.;Jimi Hendrix;time
It is possible to become discouraged about the injustice we see everywhere. But God did not promise us that the world would be humane and just. He gives us the gift of life and allows us to choose the way we will use our limited time on earth. It is an awesome opportunity.;Cesar Chavez;time
All women have a perception much more developed than men. So all women somehow, being repressed for so many millennia, they ended up by developing this sixth sense and contemplation and love. And this is something that we have a hard time to accept as part of our society.;Paulo Coelho;time
I believe in a religion that believes in freedom. Any time I have to accept a religion that won't let me fight a battle for my people, I say to hell with that religion.;Malcolm X;time
As people are walking all the time, in the same spot, a path appears.;John Locke;time
Instead of worrying about what people say of you, why not spend time trying to accomplish something they will admire.;Dale Carnegie;time
Mickey Mouse popped out of my mind onto a drawing pad 20 years ago on a train ride from Manhattan to Hollywood at a time when business fortunes of my brother Roy and myself were at lowest ebb and disaster seemed right around the corner.;Walt Disney;time
My restaurants are never opened on Thanksgiving I want my staff to spend time with their family if they can. My feeling is, if I can't figure out how to make money the rest of the year so that my workers can enjoy the holidays, then I don't deserve to be an owner.;Michael Symon;time
Don't be afraid to give your best to what seemingly are small jobs. Every time you conquer one it makes you that much stronger. If you do the little jobs well, the big ones will tend to take care of themselves.;Dale Carnegie;time
Honesty is the cruelest game of all, because not only can you hurt someone - and hurt them to the bone - you can feel self-righteous about it at the same time.;Dave Van Ronk;time
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.;Leo Tolstoy;time
The only time people dislike gossip is when you gossip about them.;Will Rogers;time
