The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret of outward success.;Henry Ward Beecher;success
In all our deeds, the proper value and respect for time determines success or failure.;Malcolm X;success
Achievement is not always success, while reputed failure often is. It is honest endeavor, persistent effort to do the best possible under any and all circumstances.;Orison Swett Marden;success
Success is dangerous. One begins to copy oneself, and to copy oneself is more dangerous than to copy others. It leads to sterility.;Pablo Picasso;success
Success is full of promise till one gets it, and then it seems like a nest from which the bird has flown.;Henry Ward Beecher;success
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;success
Everyone who achieves success in a great venture, solves each problem as they came to it. They helped themselves. And they were helped through powers known and unknown to them at the time they set out on their voyage. They keep going regardless of the obstacles they met.;W. Clement Stone;success
In inner-city, low-income communities of color, there's such a high correlation in terms of educational quality and success.;Bill Gates;success
I think you can have 10,000 explanations for failure, but no good explanation for success.;Paulo Coelho;success
Well I think any author or musician is anxious to have legitimate sales of their products, partly so they're rewarded for their success, partly so they can go on and do new things.;Bill Gates;success
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation.;Arthur Ashe;success
Our success educationally, industrially and politically is based upon the protection of a nation founded by ourselves. And the nation can be nowhere else but in Africa.;Marcus Garvey;success
I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;success
One might think that the money value of an invention constitutes its reward to the man who loves his work. But... I continue to find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.;Thomas A. Edison;success
I find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.;Thomas A. Edison;success
Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying.;W. Clement Stone;success
We learned about gratitude and humility - that so many people had a hand in our success, from the teachers who inspired us to the janitors who kept our school clean... and we were taught to value everyone's contribution and treat everyone with respect.;Michelle Obama;success
Procrastination is one of the most common and deadliest of diseases and its toll on success and happiness is heavy.;Wayne Gretzky;success
Perseverance - a lowly virtue whereby mediocrity achieves an inglorious success.;Ambrose Bierce;success
Success in life is founded upon attention to the small things rather than to the large things to the every day things nearest to us rather than to the things that are remote and uncommon.;Booker T. Washington;success
Our limitations and success will be based, most often, on your own expectations for ourselves. What the mind dwells upon, the body acts upon.;Denis Waitley;success
If a man has been his mother's undisputed darling he retains throughout life the triumphant feeling, the confidence in success, which not seldom brings actual success along with it.;Sigmund Freud;success
In the United States, I am a great success, but I am not a celebrity.;Paulo Coelho;success
A great social success is a pretty girl who plays her cards as carefully as if she were plain.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;success
I'm an addict, I'm addicted to success. Thankfully, there's no rehab for success.;Lil Wayne;success
Seventy percent of success in life is showing up.;Woody Allen;success
I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse.;Florence Nightingale;success
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.;Benjamin Disraeli;success
At the end of the day, the most overwhelming key to a child's success is the positive involvement of parents.;Jane D. Hull;success
Success consecrates the most offensive crimes.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;success
Communication - the human connection - is the key to personal and career success.;Paul J. Meyer;success
Sound character provides the power with which a person may ride the emergencies of life instead of being overwhelmed by them. Failure is... the highway to success.;Og Mandino;success
Ambition is the path to success, persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.;William Eardley IV;success
To many a man, and sometimes to a youth, there comes the opportunity to choose between honorable competence and tainted wealth. The young man who starts out to be poor and honorable, holds in his hand one of the strongest elements of success.;Orison Swett Marden;success
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.;Johnny Cash;success
Have regular hours for work and play make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.;Louisa May Alcott;success
Forget about the consequences of failure. Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success.;Denis Waitley;success
Personal satisfaction is the most important ingredient of success.;Denis Waitley;success
The winner's edge is not in a gifted birth, a high IQ, or in talent. The winner's edge is all in the attitude, not aptitude. Attitude is the criterion for success.;Denis Waitley;success
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success.;Joyce Brothers;success
Time is the most precious element of human existence. The successful person knows how to put energy into time and how to draw success from time.;Denis Waitley;success
The greatest thing a man can do in this world is to make the most possible out of the stuff that has been given him. This is success, and there is no other.;Orison Swett Marden;success
Success is a great deodorant.;Elizabeth Taylor;success
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.;Benjamin Disraeli;success
Learning and innovation go hand in hand. The arrogance of success is to think that what you did yesterday will be sufficient for tomorrow.;William Pollard;success
The great secret of success is to go through life as a man who never gets used up.;Albert Schweitzer;success
Almost no one is foolish enough to imagine that he automatically deserves great success in any field of activity yet almost everyone believes that he automatically deserves success in marriage.;Sydney J. Harris;success
No one has a corner on success. It is his who pays the price.;Orison Swett Marden;success
The secret of success is to be ready when your opportunity comes.;Benjamin Disraeli;success
A great secret of success is to go through life as a man who never gets used up.;Albert Schweitzer;success
If I die prematurely I shall be saved from being bored to death at my own success.;Samuel Butler;success
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good.;Joe Paterno;success
All that is necessary to break the spell of inertia and frustration is this: Act as if it were impossible to fail. That is the talisman, the formula, the command of right about face which turns us from failure to success.;Dorthea Brande;success
Success is the child of audacity.;Benjamin Disraeli;success
Success didn't spoil me, I've always been insufferable.;Fran Lebowitz;success
Success isn't measured by money or power or social rank. Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.;Mike Ditka;success
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.;Epictetus;success
Youth is not enough. And love is not enough. And success is not enough. And, if we could achieve it, enough would not be enough.;Mignon McLaughlin;success
I just go where my heart tells me, where my gut tells me to go, where I'm enjoying my life the most, where I feel like I can have the most success. I've truly enjoyed my experience in NASCAR, to the point that I want to do it full time.;Danica Patrick;success
Every failure is a step to success.;William Whewell;success
The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good. Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom.;James Allen;success
Success in life comes not from holding a good hand, but in playing a poor hand well.;Denis Waitley;success
I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate.;George Burns;success
No man can be a failure if he thinks he's a success If he thinks he is a winner, then he is.;Robert W. Service;success
You will be a failure, until you impress the subconscious with the conviction you are a success. This is done by making an affirmation which 'clicks.';Florence Scovel Shinn;success
I remember one day sitting at the pool and suddenly the tears were streaming down my cheeks. Why was I so unhappy? I had success. I had security. But it wasn't enough. I was exploding inside.;Ingrid Bergman;success
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.;Benjamin Disraeli;success
King Louis Philippe once said to me that he attributed the great success of the British nation in political life to their talking politics after dinner.;Benjamin Disraeli;success
If we get our self-esteem from superficial places, from our popularity, appearance, business success, financial situation, health, any of these, we will be disappointed, because no one can guarantee that we'll have them tomorrow.;Kathy Ireland;success
Failure is not our only punishment for laziness there is also the success of others.;Jules Renard;success
Life affords no higher pleasure than that of surmounting difficulties, passing from one step of success to another, forming new wishes and seeing them gratified.;Samuel Johnson;success
The best augury of a man's success in his profession is that he thinks it the finest in the world.;George Eliot;success
Success is not built on success. It's built on failure. It's built on frustration. Sometimes its built on catastrophe.;Sumner Redstone;success
Each success only buys an admission ticket to a more difficult problem.;Henry A. Kissinger;success
The success I have achieved in bodybuilding, motion pictures, and business would not have been possible without the generosity of the American people and the freedom here to pursue your dreams.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;success
If I had permitted my failures, or what seemed to me at the time a lack of success, to discourage me I cannot see any way in which I would ever have made progress.;Calvin Coolidge;success
Success can make you go one of two ways. It can make you a prima donna - or it can smooth the edges, take away the insecurities, let the nice things come out.;Barbara Walters;success
Success comes when people act together failure tends to happen alone.;Deepak Chopra;success
I have no problem with the people who work hard to get success. But I think people are very jealous about success. I work very hard and they don't appreciate that.;Alain Prost;success
Humor has bailed me out of more tight situations than I can think of. If you go with your instincts and keep your humor, creativity follows. With luck, success comes, too.;Jimmy Buffett;success
The idea of capitalism is not just success but also the failure that allows success to happen.;P. J. O'Rourke;success
Everything I have, my career, my success, my family, I owe to America.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;success
Creative risk taking is essential to success in any goal where the stakes are high. Thoughtless risks are destructive, of course, but perhaps even more wasteful is thoughtless caution which prompts inaction and promotes failure to seize opportunity.;Gary Ryan Blair;success
In order that people may be happy in their work, these three things are needed: They must be fit for it. They must not do too much of it. And they must have a sense of success in it.;John Ruskin;success
An excuse becomes an obstacle in your journey to success when it is made in place of your best effort or when it is used as the object of the blame.;Bo Bennett;success
They talk about the failure of socialism but where is the success of capitalism in Africa, Asia and Latin America?;Fidel Castro;success
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well, and doing well whatever you do without thought of fame. If it comes at all it will come because it is deserved, not because it is sought after.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;success
The envious man grows lean at the success of his neighbor.;Horace;success
No one who achieves success does so without acknowledging the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude.;Alfred North Whitehead;success
Within the hearts men, loyalty and consideration are esteemed greater than success.;Bryant H. McGill;success
I feel like I want to take care of everyone and I also feel this terrible guilt if I am unable to. And I have felt this way ever since all this success started.;Jim Carrey;success
What I have in common with the character in 'Truman' is this incredible need to please people. I feel like I want to take care of everyone and I also feel this terrible guilt if I am unable to. And I have felt this way ever since all this success started.;Jim Carrey;success
We can come to look upon the deaths of our enemies with as much regret as we feel for those of our friends, namely, when we miss their existence as witnesses to our success.;Arthur Schopenhauer;success
No foreign policy - no matter how ingenious - has any chance of success if it is born in the minds of a few and carried in the hearts of none.;Henry A. Kissinger;success
The secret to success is good leadership, and good leadership is all about making the lives of your team members or workers better.;Tony Dungy;success
The Lord gave us two ends - one to sit on and the other to think with. Success depends on which one we use the most.;Ann Landers;success
Whether you come from a council estate or a country estate, your success will be determined by your own confidence and fortitude.;Michelle Obama;success
The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.;Paramahansa Yogananda;success
It is only the cynicism that is born of success that is penetrating and valid.;George Jean Nathan;success
