My favorite hobby is being alone. I like to be alone. I also like dancing, fishing, playing poker sometimes and vegetable gardening - corn, tomatoes, cucumbers, I have a big garden every year.;Emanuel Steward;gardening
My hobbies are cooking and gardening, especially growing orchids. I love soccer, my husband and I support a British team called Chelsea, and I also enjoy tennis. We have 3 cats.;Juliet Mills;gardening
Overall, the anarchy was the most creative of all periods of Japanese culture for in it there appeared the greatest landscape painting, the culmination of the skill of landscape gardening and the arts of flower arrangement, and the No drama.;J. M. Roberts;gardening
Rock 'n' Roll, no roses or gardening.;Tina Charles;gardening
Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.;Abraham Lincoln;god
We need to find God, and he cannot be found in noise and restlessness. God is the friend of silence. See how nature - trees, flowers, grass- grows in silence see the stars, the moon and the sun, how they move in silence... We need silence to be able to touch souls.;Mother Teresa;god
When the solution is simple, God is answering.;Albert Einstein;god
While I know myself as a creation of God, I am also obligated to realize and remember that everyone else and everything else are also God's creation.;Maya Angelou;god
Never trust anyone completely but God. Love people, but put your full trust only in God.;Lawrence Welk;god
I believe God is managing affairs and that He doesn't need any advice from me. With God in charge, I believe everything will work out for the best in the end. So what is there to worry about.;Henry Ford;god
God and Nature first made us what we are, and then out of our own created genius we make ourselves what we want to be. Follow always that great law. Let the sky and God be our limit and Eternity our measurement.;Marcus Garvey;god
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be.;Anne Frank;god
God, as Truth, has been for me a treasure beyond price. May He be so to every one of us.;Mahatma Gandhi;god
The Christian life is not a constant high. I have my moments of deep discouragement. I have to go to God in prayer with tears in my eyes, and say, 'O God, forgive me,' or 'Help me.';Billy Graham;god
The moment I have realized God sitting in the temple of every human body, the moment I stand in reverence before every human being and see God in him - that moment I am free from bondage, everything that binds vanishes, and I am free.;Swami Vivekananda;god
Each one prays to God according to his own light.;Mahatma Gandhi;god
God is, even though the whole world deny him. Truth stands, even if there be no public support. It is self-sustained.;Mahatma Gandhi;god
God will not permit any troubles to come upon us, unless He has a specific plan by which great blessing can come out of the difficulty.;Peter Marshall;god
God gave you a gift of 86,400 seconds today. Have you used one to say 'thank you?';William Arthur Ward;god
God has given us two hands, one to receive with and the other to give with.;Billy Graham;god
God creates out of nothing. Wonderful you say. Yes, to be sure, but he does what is still more wonderful: he makes saints out of sinners.;Soren Kierkegaard;god
Do not let your hearts be troubled. Trust in God trust also in me.;Jesus Christ;god
The Bible is one of the greatest blessings bestowed by God on the children of men. It has God for its author salvation for its end, and truth without any mixture for its matter. It is all pure.;John Locke;god
The blame is his who chooses: God is blameless.;Plato;god
My message is that God is a good God.;Joel Osteen;god
God who is eternally complete, who directs the stars, who is the master of fates, who elevates man from his lowliness to Himself, who speaks from the cosmos to every single human soul, is the most brilliant manifestation of the goal of perfection.;Alfred Adler;god
I cannot think that we are useless or God would not have created us. There is one God looking down on us all. We are all the children of one God. The sun, the darkness, the winds are all listening to what we have to say.;Geronimo;god
There's only one effectively redemptive sacrifice, the sacrifice of self-will to make room for the knowledge of God.;Aldous Huxley;god
If thou desire the love of God and man, be humble, for the proud heart, as it loves none but itself, is beloved of none but itself. Humility enforces where neither virtue, nor strength, nor reason can prevail.;Francis Quarles;god
God is looking for people to use, and if you can get usable, he will wear you out. The most dangerous prayer you can pray is this: 'Use me.';Rick Warren;god
God's truth judges created things out of love, and Satan's truth judges them out of envy and hatred.;Dietrich Bonhoeffer;god
We are either in the process of resisting God's truth or in the process of being shaped and molded by his truth.;Charles Stanley;god
Start with God - the first step in learning is bowing down to God only fools thumb their noses at such wisdom and learning.;King Solomon;god
God hangs the greatest weights upon the smallest wires.;Francis Bacon;god
Every creature is a word of God.;Meister Eckhart;god
At the cross God wrapped his heart in flesh and blood and let it be nailed to the cross for our redemption.;E. Stanley Jones;god
Knowledge of God's Word is a bulwark against deception, temptation, accusation, even persecution.;Edwin Louis Cole;god
Reason is God's crowning gift to man.;Sophocles;god
If you believe in God, He will open the windows of heaven and pour blessings upon you.;Mahalia Jackson;god
God loves to help him who strives to help himself.;Aeschylus;god
When trouble comes, focus on God's ability to care for you.;Charles Stanley;god
God lends a helping hand to the man who tries hard.;Aeschylus;god
God always strives together with those who strive.;Aeschylus;god
After all, God is God because he remembers.;Elie Wiesel;god
Each one of us is an outlet to God and an inlet to God.;Ernest Holmes;god
God gave me life to continue to do things that I would never have done.;Stevie Wonder;god
The way to be with God in every season is to strive to be near Him every week and each day.;Thomas S. Monson;god
I only answer to two people, myself and God.;Cher;god
If you must be mad, be it not for the things of the world. Be mad with the love of God.;Ramakrishna;god
Every morning I wake up and thank God.;Aaron Neville;god
One must be very particular about telling the truth. Through truth one can realize God.;Ramakrishna;god
God is bigger than people think.;Jimmy Dean;god
Whatever comes from God is impossible for a man to turn back.;Herodotus;god
There is no work, however vile or sordid, that does not glisten before God.;John Calvin;god
Some of God's greatest gifts are unanswered prayers.;Garth Brooks;god
When it is a question of God's almighty Spirit, never say, 'I can't.';Oswald Chambers;god
Sometimes you ask God for something and you don't know what you're asking.;Mahalia Jackson;god
Laughter is God's blessing.;Joseph Prince;god
For it pleased God, after he had made all things by the word of his power, to create man after his own image.;George Whitefield;god
People see God every day, they just don't recognize him.;Pearl Bailey;god
God sent Jesus as an example to see if we could retain and maintain the Holy Spirit in human flesh.;Benny Hinn;god
Before we can know God and understand his great plan it is first necessary for us to believe that he exists and that he rewards all who diligently seek him.;Joseph Franklin Rutherford;god
I've said all along that God is in control.;Tony Dungy;god
God gets you to the plate, but once your there your on your own.;Ted Williams;god
The Bible is a revelation of the mind and will of God to men. Therein we may learn, what God is.;Jupiter Hammon;god
But I know God has big stuff planned that ultimately doesn't have anything to do with me.;Michael W. Smith;god
God in His wisdom has decided that He will reward no works but His own.;Johannes Tauler;god
Sometimes God writes straightforward in twisted lines.;Gloria Trevi;god
God the Father and God the Son cannot be everywhere present indeed they cannot be even in two places at the same instant: but God the Holy Spirit is omnipresent - it extends through all space, with all other matter.;Orson Pratt;god
Even God lends a hand to honest boldness.;Menander;god
I think that anything that begins to give people a sense of their own worth and dignity is God.;John Shelby Spong;god
Your God is ever beside you - indeed, He is even within you.;Alphonsus Liguori;god
A thick skin is a gift from God.;Konrad Adenauer;god
The Bible is not man's word about God, but God's word about man.;John Barth;god
Adoration is caring for God above all else.;Evelyn Underhill;god
The world sees in our conduct, in our behaviour, the proof that we are the real children of God.;Pope Shenouda III;god
God is creating at every moment of the world's existence in and through the perpetually endowed creativity of the very stuff of the world.;Arthur Peacocke;god
They always win who side with God.;Frederick William Faber;god
God is one, greatest of gods and men, not like mortals in body or thought.;Xenophanes;god
God is the tangential point between zero and infinity.;Alfred Jarry;god
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.;Will Smith;god
When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say, 'I used everything you gave me'.;Erma Bombeck;god
Only one thing is impossible for God: To find any sense in any copyright law on the planet.;Mark Twain;god
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.;Jim Elliot;god
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy.;Benjamin Franklin;god
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.;Reinhold Niebuhr;god
If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under.;Ronald Reagan;god
It is impossible to rightly govern a nation without God and the Bible.;George Washington;god
Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish.;Albert Einstein;god
I would rather live my life as if there is a God and die to find out there isn't, than live my life as if there isn't and die to find out there is.;Albert Camus;god
Freedom prospers when religion is vibrant and the rule of law under God is acknowledged.;Ronald Reagan;god
All who call on God in true faith, earnestly from the heart, will certainly be heard, and will receive what they have asked and desired.;Martin Luther;god
A man can no more diminish God's glory by refusing to worship Him than a lunatic can put out the sun by scribbling the word, 'darkness' on the walls of his cell.;C. S. Lewis;god
I believe in God, but not as one thing, not as an old man in the sky. I believe that what people call God is something in all of us. I believe that what Jesus and Mohammed and Buddha and all the rest said was right. It's just that the translations have gone wrong.;John Lennon;god
Before the throne of the Almighty, man will be judged not by his acts but by his intentions. For God alone reads our hearts.;Mahatma Gandhi;god
That deep emotional conviction of the presence of a superior reasoning power, which is revealed in the incomprehensible universe, forms my idea of God.;Albert Einstein;god
God gave us the gift of life it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.;Voltaire;god
You cannot believe in God until you believe in yourself.;Swami Vivekananda;god
I just want to do God's will. And he's allowed me to go to the mountain. And I've looked over, and I've seen the promised land! I may not get there with you, but I want you to know tonight that we as a people will get to the promised land.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;god
