Chastity is the cement of civilization and progress. Without it there is no stability in society, and without it one cannot attain the Science of Life.;Mary Baker Eddy;science
Equipped with his five senses, man explores the universe around him and calls the adventure Science.;Edwin Powell Hubble;science
What business has science and capitalism got, bringing all these new inventions into the works, before society has produced a generation educated up to using them!;Henrik Ibsen;science
I very much enjoyed my career in science. I didn't leave science because I was disillusioned, but felt I'd done my bit for it after about twenty-five years.;John Polkinghorne;science
If the experience of science teaches anything, it's that the world is very strange and surprising. The many revolutions in science have certainly shown that.;John Polkinghorne;science
People, and especially theologians, should try to familiarize themselves with scientific ideas. Of course, science is technical in many respects, but there are some very good books that try to set out some of the conceptual structure of science.;John Polkinghorne;science
Science may never come up with a better office communication system than the coffee break.;Earl Wilson;science
Thence results, for science as well as for industry, the necessity of the division and association of labor. I receive and I give - such is human life. Each directs and is directed in his turn.;Mikhail Bakunin;science
It is critical to develop a biofuel industry powered by feedstocks produced in every corner of the country, in addition to the Midwest. That is why USDA has established five regional research centers working on science necessary to ensure profitable biofuels can be produced from a diverse range of feedstocks.;Tom Vilsack;science
Fashion is the science of appearance, and it inspires one with the desire to seem rather than to be.;Henry Fielding;science
Now science has presented us with a hope called stem cell research, which may provide our scientists with many answers that have for so long been beyond our grasp.;Nancy Reagan;science
Anthropology is the science which tells us that people are the same the whole world over - except when they are different.;Nancy Banks Smith;science
There does not exist a category of science to which one can give the name applied science. There are science and the applications of science, bound together as the fruit of the tree which bears it.;Louis Pasteur;science
And by the way, I wanted to point out that Kindred is not science fiction. You'll note there's no science in it. It's a kind of grim fantasy.;Octavia Butler;science
What I'm working on now - I'm back to fantasy, although considering that it's me, I'm turning it into a kind of science fantasy. It's a vampire story - but my vampires are biological vampires. They didn't become vampires because someone bit them they were born that way.;Octavia Butler;science
I've always seen the world through the eyes of a scientist. I love the predictable outcomes that science gives us, the control over the world that that can render.;Barbara Kingsolver;science
Our science has become terrible, our research dangerous, our findings deadly. We physicists have to make peace with reality. Reality is not as strong as we are. We will ruin reality.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;science
The main reason for the failure of the modern medical science is that it is dealing with results and not causes. Nothing more than the patching up of those attacked and the burying of those who are slain, without a thought being given to the real strong hold.;Edward Bach;science
Since I was an atheist for many years and came to believe in God through my studies in science, it frustrated me to see students and parents who viewed faith and science as enemies.;John Clayton;science
It is not so for art in appreciation because art is concerned with human behavior. And science is concerned with the behavior of metal or energy. It depends on what the fashion is. Now today it's energy. It's the same soul behind it. The same soul, you see.;Josef Albers;science
I had bohemian parents in Seattle in the last '60s living in a houseboat. My dad wrote science fiction novels and painted big murals and oil paintings.;Rainn Wilson;science
Now the main areas of higher education that still enjoy considerable financial support from government are subjects like engineering and science and the research ringfence which is the basic minimum to protect Britain's scientific competitiveness.;Vince Cable;science
I've loved science fiction ever since I was a little kid, mainly from looking at the covers of science-fiction magazines and books, and I've read quite extensively as an adult.;Matt Groening;science
Unlike scientism, science in the true sense of the word is open to unbiased investigation of any existing phenomena.;Stanislav Grof;science
Traditional academic science describes human beings as highly developed animals and biological thinking machines. We appear to be Newtonian objects made of atoms, molecules, cells, tissues, and organs.;Stanislav Grof;science
The materialistic paradigm of Western science has been a major obstacle for any objective evaluation of the data describing the events occurring at the time of death.;Stanislav Grof;science
According to materialistic science, any memory requires a material substrate, such as the neuronal network in the brain or the DNA molecules of the genes.;Stanislav Grof;science
Blade Runner appears regularly, two or three times a year in various shapes and forms of science fiction. It set the pace for what is essentially urban science fiction, urban future and it's why I've never re-visited that area because I feel I've done it.;Ridley Scott;science
'Rocket Science' is really where I fell in love with filmmaking, I think 'Camp' was incredible, but it was so bizarre, and I was trying to find my footing in this world where you don't have an audience for immediate validation.;Anna Kendrick;science
More than fantasy or even science fiction, Ray Bradbury wrote horror, and like so many great horror writers he was himself utterly without fear, of anything. He wasn't afraid of looking uncool - he wasn't scared to openly love innocence, or to be optimistic, or to write sentimentally when he felt that way.;Lev Grossman;science
Growing up in the '70s and '80s, science fiction and especially fantasy had such a stigma attached to them. I felt so punished and exiled for being devoted to these things.;Lev Grossman;science
Much of what Tea Party candidates claimed about the world and the global economy during the 2010 elections would have earned their adherents a well-deserved F in any freshman economics (or earth science) class.;Eric Alterman;science
Experimental science is fascinating, but I don't want to do it. I want other people to do it, and I'll read about it.;Barbara Ehrenreich;science
I have a Ph.D. in cell biology. And that's really manual labor. I mean, experimental science, you do it with your hands. So it's very different. You're out there in a lab, cleaning test tubes, and it just wasn't that fascinating.;Barbara Ehrenreich;science
My background was computer science and business school, so eventually I worked my way up where I was running product groups - development, testing, marketing, user education.;Melinda Gates;science
The ever quickening advances of science made possible by the success of the Human Genome Project will also soon let us see the essences of mental disease. Only after we understand them at the genetic level can we rationally seek out appropriate therapies for such illnesses as schizophrenia and bipolar disease.;James D. Watson;science
With acknowledgement of residues, we can be more easily prepared to grant the unit of science, the overlapping of disciplines, and the total coherence of all facts.;Kenneth L. Pike;science
Observation is a passive science, experimentation an active science.;Claude Bernard;science
Instead, in the absence of respect for human rights, science and its offspring technology have been used in this century as brutal instruments for oppression.;John Charles Polanyi;science
I've got a full plate, yes I do. That iPod, that's nice. A phone recorder? Nicely done. All right I'm a bit of a tech geek. I have a subscription to Popular Science and I keep up on all this stuff.;Nathan Fillion;science
Drill everything, mine everything, roll back regulations, tweak the science, expedite permits. Sound familiar? The Republicans offer up more 19th-Century solutions to our 21st-Century energy problems.;Jeff Goodell;science
Many of the mainstream agricultural scientists, especially at the agricultural schools, but at all of our major universities, are tied into all sorts of contractual relationships and consulting relationships with the life science companies.;Jeremy Rifkin;science
What's different here is that we have now technologies that allow these life science companies to bypass classical breeding. That's what makes it both powerful and exciting.;Jeremy Rifkin;science
We're losing track of the vastness of the potential for computer science. We really have to revive the beautiful intellectual joy of it, as opposed to the business potential.;Jaron Lanier;science
I've always felt that the human-centered approach to computer science leads to more interesting, more exotic, more wild, and more heroic adventures than the machine-supremacy approach, where information is the highest goal.;Jaron Lanier;science
Modern science cannot explain why the laws of physics are exactly balanced for animal life to exist.;Robert Lanza;science
Teachers started recognizing me and praising me for being smart in science and that made me want to be even smarter in science!;Steve Wozniak;science
The chief difficulty which prevents men of science from believing in divine as well as in nature Spirits is their materialism.;H. P. Blavatsky;science
Natural science, does not simply describe and explain nature it is part of the interplay between nature and ourselves.;Werner Heisenberg;science
Just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts.;Henri Poincare;science
Science is facts.;Henri Poincare;science
One would have to have completely forgotten the history of science so as to not remember that the desire to know nature has had the most constant and the happiest influence on the development of mathematics.;Henri Poincare;science
If we reject science, we reject the common man.;Naguib Mahfouz;science
Biology is the science. Evolution is the concept that makes biology unique.;Jared Diamond;science
To that class we may leave it to refine the vernacular dialects of the country, to enrich those dialects with terms of science borrowed from the Western nomenclature, and to render them by degrees fit vehicles for conveying knowledge to the great mass of the population.;Thomas B. Macaulay;science
If science fiction is the mythology of modern technology, then its myth is tragic.;Ursula K. Le Guin;science
Science is analytical, descriptive, informative. Man does not live by bread alone, but by science he attempts to do so. Hence the deadliness of all that is purely scientific.;Eric Gill;science
The art and science of asking questions is the source of all knowledge.;Thomas Berger;science
I think computer science, by and large, is still stuck in the Modern age.;Larry Wall;science
Post-Modernism was a reaction against Modernism. It came quite early to music and literature, and a little later to architecture. And I think it's still coming to computer science.;Larry Wall;science
Before I was reading science fiction, I read Hemingway. Farewell to Arms was my first adult novel that said not everything ends well. It was one of those times where reading has meant a great deal to me, in terms of my development - an insight came from that book.;Robert Reed;science
I had read tons of science fiction. I was fascinated by other worlds, other environments. For me, it was fantasy, but it was not fantasy in the sense of pure escapism.;James Cameron;science
I was always good at math and science, and I never realized that that was unusual or somehow undesirable.;Marissa Mayer;science
I love biomedical science, I love astronomy, and you can't really do much with those in a fantasy setting.;Elizabeth Moon;science
Science is his forte, and omniscience his foible.;Sydney Smith;science
We have found that where science has progressed the farthest, the mind has but regained from nature that which the mind put into nature.;Arthur Eddington;science
One of the nice things about science fiction is that it lets us carry out thought experiments.;Rudy Rucker;science
Religion is to mysticism what popularization is to science.;Henri Bergson;science
My parents divorced when I was born, and my mother is a political science professor, like a feminist Mormon, which is sort of an oxymoron.;Eliza Dushku;science
I did one sci-fi movie. I did 'Gattaca.' I liked 'Gattaca' because that was always the kind of science fiction I really dug, the non-action oriented sci-fi.;Ethan Hawke;science
We've heard from many teachers that they used episodes of Star Trek and concepts of Star Trek in their science classrooms in order to engage the students.;Patrick Stewart;science
Science fiction was never my thing. I have no interest in it.;Denis Leary;science
I don't really see science fiction as fiction. I can imagine colonies on Mars and everything.;Sigourney Weaver;science
And I have lived since - as you have - in a period of cold war, during which we have ensured by our achievements in the science and technology of destruction that a third act in this tragedy of war will result in the peace of extinction.;Lester B. Pearson;science
From all this it follows what the general character of the problem of the development of a body of scientific knowledge is, in so far as it depends on elements internal to science itself.;Talcott Parsons;science
My training in Science of Mind had begun with my mother. She took me to a different church every Sunday, and she encouraged me to question the minister afterward.;Esther Williams;science
I was raised on comic books, and I love science fiction.;Mayim Bialik;science
I like science fiction and physics, things like that. Planets being sucked into black holes, and the various vortexes that create possibility, and what happens on the other side of the black hole. To me it's the microcosmic study of the macrocosmic universe in man, and that's why I'm attracted to it.;Wesley Snipes;science
Pure phenomenology claims to be the science of pure phenomena. This concept of the phenomenon, which was developed under various names as early as the eighteenth century without being clarified, is what we shall have to deal with first of all.;Edmund Husserl;science
I do enjoy reading some science fiction.;Colin Farrell;science
I was always attracted to science fiction movies.;Tina Turner;science
We sat around on a hotel balcony with a bottle of wine and tried to figure out how you would go about blowing up a planet. That's the kind of conversations science fiction writers have when they get together. We don't talk about football or anything like that.;Kevin J. Anderson;science
Biology, meaning the science of all life, is a late notion.;Leon Kass;science
There were certain questions about the foundations of morals that advances in science all threaten to make more complicated.;Leon Kass;science
I would like to do a science fiction film some day. Star Wars seems really to have destroyed the genre, which at one time offered great musical opportunities.;Carter Burwell;science
Cultural anthropology is more and more rapidly getting to realize itself as a strictly historical science.;Edward Sapir;science
Science consistently produces a new crop of miraculous truths and dazzling devices every year.;Kary Mullis;science
Science grows like a weed every year.;Kary Mullis;science
I was a daydreamer, and there is a lot of history and geography and science I missed out on because I was in my head. And I regret that.;Gillian Anderson;science
I wanted to have a political career. I thought studying political science would be the best way to achieve it.;Bianca Jagger;science
I'm a geophysicist and all my earth science books when I was a student, I had to give the wrong answer to get an A. We used to ridicule continental drift. It was something we laughed at. We learned of Marshall Kay's geosynclinal cycle, which is a bunch of crap.;Robert Ballard;science
Psychology is the science of the act of experiencing, and deals with the whole system of such acts as they make up mental life.;Samuel Alexander;science
While most of us know that we feel better after a good hearty laugh, science, in many cases, is yet to prove why.;Allen Klein;science
The main purpose of science is simplicity and as we understand more things, everything is becoming simpler.;Edward Teller;science
Science is the systematic classification of experience.;George Henry Lewes;science
Science is not addressed to poets.;George Henry Lewes;science
Science has produced such powerful weapons that in a war between great powers there would be neither victor nor vanquished. Both would be overwhelmed in destruction.;John Boyd Orr;science
Science may be described as the art of systematic over-simplification.;Karl Popper;science
Science must begin with myths, and with the criticism of myths.;Karl Popper;science
