We need to accept the seemingly obvious fact that a toxic environment can make people sick and that no amount of medical intervention can protect us. The health care community must become a powerful political lobby for environmental policy and legislation.;Andrew Weil;health
As an American, you have a right to good health care that is effective, accessible, and affordable, that serves you from infancy through old age, that allows you to go to practitioners and facilities of your choosing, and that offers a broad range of therapeutic options.;Andrew Weil;health
You can't afford to get sick, and you can't depend on the present health care system to keep you well. It's up to you to protect and maintain your body's innate capacity for health and healing by making the right choices in how you live.;Andrew Weil;health
Whenever I write about mental health and integrative therapies, I am accused of being prejudiced against pharmaceuticals. So let me be clear - integrative medicine is the judicious application of both conventional and evidence-based natural therapies.;Andrew Weil;health
The health care system is really designed to reward you for being unhealthy. If you are a healthy person and work hard to be healthy, there are no benefits.;Mike Huckabee;health
Oh my gosh, I feel like I'm really obsessive about anything dealing with my health.;Ginnifer Goodwin;health
I've always enjoyed poor health.;Taylor Caldwell;health
Most of the provisions designed to fix what ails our health system don't kick in until 2014, which, one wishes administration officials had noticed, is two years after he has to win an election.;Eric Alterman;health
Yes. I think the anti-Wal-Mart is Costco, which pays much better and has much better health benefits and which is profitable and offers low prices.;Barbara Ehrenreich;health
When a woman earns a dollar, the payback is higher. She'll invest in her children, in their education, health care, and basic needs. The impact of a woman's role in the economy benefits society at large.;Andrea Jung;health
You should be able to afford health care for your family. You should be able to retire with dignity and respect. And you should be able to give your children the kind of education that allows them to dream even bigger, go even farther and accomplish even more than you could ever imagine.;Cory Booker;health
TV does not care about you or what happens to you. It's downright bad for your health now, and that's not a far-out concept. I think watching the TV news is bad for you. It is bad for your physical health and your mental health.;Tom Petty;health
I am trying to inspire people to just take control of their oral health, because if we don't take care of our oral health, it affects so many different aspects of our lives. If your smile and mouth is not together, it affects your relationship, your self-esteem, your health.;Sherri Shepherd;health
Mark Ruffalo, aka the Incredible Hulk, is the natural gas industry's worst nightmare: a serious, committed activist who is determined to use his star power as a superhero in the hottest movie of the moment to draw attention the environmental and public health risks of fracking.;Jeff Goodell;health
The biggest tab the public picks up for fossil fuels has to do with what economists call 'external costs,' like the health effects of air and water pollution.;Jeff Goodell;health
In this country, the health concerns and the environmental concerns are as deep as in Europe. All the surveys show that. But here, we didn't have the cultural dimension. This is a fast-food culture.;Jeremy Rifkin;health
From this experience we have learned that in a big party it is important to have the necessary and often controversial discussions on policy issues such as the health system while in opposition.;Angela Merkel;health
As I mentioned previously, the tools that allow for optimum health are diet and exercise.;Bill Toomey;health
Prevention is one of the few known ways to reduce demand for health and aged care services.;Julie Bishop;health
We designed both our state employee health plans and the one we created for low-income Hoosiers as Health Savings Accounts, and now in the tens of thousands these citizens are proving that they are fully capable of making smart, consumerist choices about their own health care.;Mitch Daniels;health
Left to ourselves, we might pick the wrong health insurance, the wrong mortgage, the wrong school for our kids why, unless they stop us, we might pick the wrong light bulb.;Mitch Daniels;health
Why do we have 47 million people without health care? Because America has become about 'me'. What's happened to 'we' as a people? I believe in that and that resonates to most people.;Carl Lewis;health
We cannot rest until we make sure that our families can afford to live and raise their kids here, that our seniors can remain in their homes and afford their health and pharmaceutical costs.;Carl Lewis;health
If you look at things that really affect people's lives - sport, the arts, charities - they were always at the back of the queue for government money - health, social security, defence, pensions were all way ahead. And each of those areas - sports, the arts, the lottery - got relatively petty cash from the government.;John Major;health
It's totally different from last year because I came in with good shape with no health worries so it was about going out there and running well and enjoying it.;Paula Radcliffe;health
I can understand why some people might look at me and say, 'What's she got to be depressed about?' I get that a lot in Britain, where mental health issues seem to be a big taboo.;Natalie Imbruglia;health
You go to Scandinavia, and you will find that people have a much higher standard of living, in terms of education, health care and decent paying jobs.;Bernie Sanders;health
High-quality food is better for your health.;Michael Pollan;health
I think the British people are very, very attached to the idea that the health service is free at the point of use. But there is no reason why every doctor, nurse and teacher in this country has to be employed by the state.;George Osborne;health
If I have my health I can carry on. There will be a point when I do quit but I have absolutely no idea when that is.;Alex Ferguson;health
I'm very confident my health isn't going to allow me to be a good player, especially in the spring.;Steve Yzerman;health
But if you're asking my opinion, I would argue that a social justice approach should be central to medicine and utilized to be central to public health. This could be very simple: the well should take care of the sick.;Paul Farmer;health
We've taken on the major health problems of the poorest - tuberculosis, maternal mortality, AIDS, malaria - in four countries. We've scored some victories in the sense that we've cured or treated thousands and changed the discourse about what is possible.;Paul Farmer;health
The biggest public health challenge is rebuilding health systems. In other words, if you look at cholera or maternal mortality or tuberculosis in Haiti, they're major problems in Haiti, but the biggest problem is rebuilding systems.;Paul Farmer;health
Once brave politicians and others explain the war on drugs' true cost, the American people will scream for a cease-fire. Bring the troops home, people will urge. Treat drugs as a health problem, not as a matter for the criminal justice system.;Larry Elder;health
If you're too embarrassed and want to hide behind your computer screen, that's what this is for. It's about building confidence and that's what U by Kotex does. Girls owning their bodies and health.;Khloe Kardashian;health
One of the jewels in the crown of Labour's time in office was the rescue of the National Health Service. As the Commonwealth Fund, the London School of Economics and the Nuffield Foundation have all shown, health reforms as well as additional investment were essential to improved outcomes, especially for poorer patients.;David Miliband;health
Because we spoke so loudly, opponents of reproductive health access demonized and smeared me and others on the public airwaves. These smears are obvious attempts to distract from meaningful policy discussions and to silence women's voices regarding their own health care.;Sandra Fluke;health
But you say, does it represent change? The change is that we are fighting an insurance industry that has killed health reform for generations. They're spending tens of millions of dollars right now to defeat this bill, and we're on the doorstep of winning a great victory for the American people.;David Axelrod;health
When bureaucrats talk about increasing our 'access' to x, y or z, what they're really talking about is increasing exponentially their control over our lives. As it is with the government health care takeover, so it is with the newly approved government plan to 'increase' Internet 'access.';Michelle Malkin;health
For the past two years, President Obama has promised our children the moon, stars, rainbows, unicorns and universal health care for all. But the White House Santa's cradle-to-grave entitlement mandates are a spectacularly predictable bust.;Michelle Malkin;health
If Obama wanted to make radical changes to America's health long-term, all he has to do is treble the price of sugar and salt.;Jamie Oliver;health
I admit it: I had fun watching right-wingers go wild as health reform finally became law.;Paul Krugman;health
I'm on a health kick! I'm drawn to cheeseburgers, so I've got to just try and keep it on an even keel.;Emily Blunt;health
We can never, ever say it enough: every woman - especially every young woman-has to take charge of her health... and do what's right for her!;Debbie Wasserman Schultz;health
And so to those who suggest that we are somehow 'harming' young women by encouraging them to take charge of their health we say this: We are not harming young women by educating them. We are arming them with information that they will carry with them throughout their lives.;Debbie Wasserman Schultz;health
Both referred to the Affordable Care Act, which is the accurate title of the health care reform law, as 'Obamacare.' That is a disparaging reference to the President of the United States, it is meant as a disparaging reference to the President of the United States.;Debbie Wasserman Schultz;health
When President Obama passed health care reform, it was personal! And when Governor Romney says he would repeal Obamacare and put insurance companies back in charge of a woman's health, that's personal too.;Debbie Wasserman Schultz;health
As the President reviewed the state of the union and unveiled his second-term agenda, he fell short of adequately explaining how he intends to set America back on the course of fiscal responsibility and secure the fiscal health of the nation.;Ron Kind;health
Mental agitations and eating cares are more injurious to health, and destructive of life, than is commonly imagined, and could their effects be collected, would make no inconsiderable figure in the bills of mortality.;William Falconer;health
It's never too late to take your heart health seriously and make it a priority.;Jennie Garth;health
Investing in health will produce enormous benefits.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;health
You cannot achieve environmental security and human development without addressing the basic issues of health and nutrition.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;health
I have always detested any departure from reality, an attitude which I relate to my mother's poor mental health.;Jean Piaget;health
When the Nobel award came my way, it also gave me an opportunity to do something immediate and practical about my old obsessions, including literacy, basic health care and gender equity, aimed specifically at India and Bangladesh.;Amartya Sen;health
The five different areas in which boys are in crisis - education jobs emotional health physical health and fatherlessness - are handled by different portions of the government.;Warren Farrell;health
Medical professionals, not insurance company bureaucrats, should be making health care decisions.;Barbara Boxer;health
Look, all this is about is utilizing the rules of the Senate, using a majority of the senators, to make sure that we get health reform done. We cannot wait another day.;Barbara Boxer;health
It is true that too much belief can be bad for your health.;Terry Eagleton;health
Happiness lies first of all in health.;George William Curtis;health
Today's business and health care climate may not be pleasant. Cutbacks, pay cuts and layoffs do not make anyone's job easy. But that does not mean that the humor need stop.;Allen Klein;health
I'm a parent, and I try to take care of my health and keep my life in order. In the last few years I've really had to decide what's important to me, and it seems to me that my family and my health are top on the list. And those have nothing to do with show business.;Diana Ross;health
The arts have always been an important ingredient to the health of a nation, but we haven't gotten there yet.;James Earl Jones;health
From dear, dear Gloria Swanson, I learned how to live long, happy and free of health problems. I owe her my life.;Dirk Benedict;health
We all want more information available when making health care decisions for ourselves and our families.;Dan Lipinski;health
By cutting critical domestic programs such as education, health, environmental protection, and veterans' services, this budget reveals misplaced priorities.;Dan Lipinski;health
No employer is going to hire robustly until they know what the health care cost is going to be.;Lindsey Graham;health
It's wonderful that so many people want to contribute to fighting aids or malaria. But, if somebody isn't paying attention to the overall health system in the country, a whole lot of money can be wasted.;Paul Wolfowitz;health
Age does not depend upon years, but upon temperament and health. Some men are born old, and some never grow so.;Tryon Edwards;health
Sleep is that golden chain that ties health and our bodies together.;Thomas Dekker;health
Building a new Health and Hospitals Network is fundamental to building a stronger and fairer Australia.;Kevin Rudd;health
The Australian Government's decision to take on the dominant funding role for the entire public hospital system is designed to: end the blame game eliminate waste and to shoulder the funding burden of the rapidly rising health costs of the future.;Kevin Rudd;health
If the states and territories do not sign up to fundamental reform, then my message is equally simple: we will take this reform plan to the people at the next election - along with a referendum by or at that same election to give the Australian Government all the power it needs to reform the health system.;Kevin Rudd;health
These are important reforms. Infrastructure, education, health, hospitals, closing the gap with indigenous Australians. Also the Apology to the first Australians. As Prime Minister of the country I am proud of each and every one of these achievements.;Kevin Rudd;health
I am in very good health. I've never felt better.;Hugh Hefner;health
I'm always active in trying to educate people when it comes to eating animal products, testing on animals, and the health benefits of being vegan, although I'm probably not the best person to be talking about the latter at the moment.;Daniel Johns;health
I'm against big bureaucracy in Washington making health care decisions. I just have an aversion to bureaucrats. But it's not just government bureaucrats. I don't like HMO bureaucrats and insurance company bureaucrats either.;Gary Bauer;health
And under the existing circumstances, I understand there are situations where people indeed need care and need services, but I believe in America that the majority of those people are getting those services under situations and circumstances that are afforded to them by their health care providers and their state government.;Jan Brewer;health
We have over 500,000 illegal immigrants living in Arizona. And we simply cannot sustain it. It costs us a tremendous amount of money of course in health care, in education, and then, on top of it all, in incarceration. And the federal government doesn't reimburse us on any of these things.;Jan Brewer;health
The truth is I had lots of rehab and now I have a clean bill of health.;Samantha Morton;health
I am passionate about talking to women about their breast health.;Elizabeth Hurley;health
When you start fooling around with drugs, you're hurting your creativity, you're hurting your health. Drugs are death, in one form or another. If they don't kill you, they kill your soul. And if your soul's dead, you've got nothing to offer, anyway.;Paul Stanley;health
Do you suppose there is any living man so unreasonable that if he found himself stricken with a dangerous ailment he would not anxiously desire to regain the blessing of health?;Petrarch;health
I believe in health care reform.;Joe Manchin;health
In my forties, my optimism was boundless. I had really good health and tremendous success which allowed me to do anything I wanted.;Patricia Cornwell;health
Better understanding of the natural world not only enhances all of us as human beings, but can also be harnessed for the better good, leading to improved health and quality of life.;Paul Nurse;health
I have health. I have a wonderful support system. I have the admiration of millions of strangers, which I do not underestimate.;Kathleen Turner;health
I basically believe the medical insurance industry should be nonprofit, not profit-making. There is no way a health reform plan will work when it is implemented by an industry that seeks to return money to shareholders instead of using that money to provide health care.;Dianne Feinstein;health
When you get older, your health becomes important to you, things start breaking down, you've always got a different ache or pain.;Tom Petty;health
Aaron Pryor wants to get into the ring with me. He wants to be able to retire, and he will. For health reasons.;Sugar Ray Leonard;health
You bet every member of Congress who votes for this bill ought to read it, read it thoroughly, and understand that what we're looking at here amounts to nothing more than a government takeover of our health care economy, paid for with nearly a trillion dollars in new taxes on individuals and small businesses. And it must be opposed.;Mike Pence;health
Most of the State of the Union will not be about Iraq. Most of the State of the Union will be about improving America's economy and providing greater access to health care for millions of American people, including senior citizens.;Ari Fleischer;health
I believe you need scientific proof that something works before you entrust your health to it.;Britt Ekland;health
There is much that public policy can do to support American entrepreneurs. Health insurance reform will make it easier for entrepreneurs to take a chance on a new business without putting their family's health at risk. Tort reform will make it easier to take prudent risks on new products in a number of sectors.;Eric Ries;health
Here in Silicon Valley, I have taken part in hundreds of conversations trying to convince people to dive in and become entrepreneurs. All too often, innovators with good, safe, jobs are unwilling to put their family's access to health care at risk by walking away from company-backed medical insurance.;Eric Ries;health
Balance is key: I need to be successful in my career to feel fulfilled, be surrounded by people I care about to share it with, and have my health to be able to do the things I love to do!;Kiana Tom;health
The voice collects and translates your bad physical health, your emotional worries, your personal troubles.;Placido Domingo;health
When elected officials abandon our environment and ruin our natural resources, public health is endangered. I know the importance of providing a clean environment for our children I have attended more than one funeral for a child who has died from an asthma attack.;Gwen Moore;health
The fact is, if our primary legislative goals are to repeal and replace the health spending bill to end the bailouts cut spending and shrink the size and scope of government, the only way to do all these things it is to put someone in the White House who won't veto any of these things.;Mitch McConnell;health
