We should have a State in which we could live and breathe as free men and which we could develop according to our own lights and culture and where principles of Islamic social justice could find free play.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;men
Give me six lines written by the most honorable of men, and I will find an excuse in them to hang him.;Cardinal Richelieu;men
When men sow the wind it is rational to expect that they will reap the whirlwind.;Frederick Douglass;men
Education then, beyond all other devices of human origin, is the great equalizer of the conditions of men, the balance-wheel of the social machinery.;Horace Mann;men
Fame and power are the objects of all men. Even their partial fruition is gained by very few and that, too, at the expense of social pleasure, health, conscience, life.;Benjamin Disraeli;men
As Americans, we don't see the role of government as guaranteeing outcomes, but allowing free men and women to flourish based on their own vision, their hard work and their personal responsibility.;Rick Perry;men
Wise men make more opportunities than they find.;Francis Bacon;men
Men who want to support women in our struggle for freedom and justice should understand that it is not terrifically important to us that they learn to cry it is important to us that they stop the crimes of violence against us.;Andrea Dworkin;men
At the bottom of not a little of the bravery that appears in the world, there lurks a miserable cowardice. Men will face powder and steel because they have not the courage to face public opinion.;Edwin Hubbel Chapin;men
What is the price of experience? Do men buy it for a song? Or wisdom for a dance in the street? No, it is bought with the price of all the man hath, his house, his wife, his children.;William Blake;men
Men die in despair, while spirits die in ecstasy.;Honore de Balzac;men
Punishment is now unfashionable... because it creates moral distinctions among men, which, to the democratic mind, are odious. We prefer a meaningless collective guilt to a meaningful individual responsibility.;Thomas Szasz;men
It disturbs me no more to find men base, unjust, or selfish than to see apes mischievous, wolves savage, or the vulture ravenous.;Jean-Paul Sartre;men
An artist needn't be a clergyman or a churchwarden, but he certainly must have a warm heart for his fellow men.;Vincent Van Gogh;men
It is our duty as men and women to proceed as though the limits of our abilities do not exist.;Pierre Teilhard de Chardin;men
Labor disgraces no man unfortunately, you occasionally find men who disgrace labor.;Ulysses S. Grant;men
We cannot learn men from books.;Benjamin Disraeli;men
The best teamwork comes from men who are working independently toward one goal in unison.;James Cash Penney;men
Most men are individuals no longer so far as their business, its activities, or its moralities are concerned. They are not units but fractions.;Charles Dickens;men
It is not because angels are holier than men or devils that makes them angels, but because they do not expect holiness from one another, but from God only.;William Blake;men
The unique and supreme voluptuousness of love lies in the certainty of committing evil. And men and women know from birth that in evil is found all sensual delight.;Charles Baudelaire;men
I have known more men destroyed by the desire to have wife and child and to keep them in comfort than I have seen destroyed by drink and harlots.;William Butler Yeats;men
It is not true that suffering ennobles the character happiness does that sometimes, but suffering for the most part, makes men petty and vindictive.;W. Somerset Maugham;men
It is a clear truth that those who every day barter away other men's liberty will soon care little for their own.;James Otis;men
A strong hatred is the best lamp to bear in our hands as we go over the dark places of life, cutting away the dead things men tell us to revere.;Rebecca West;men
The important work of moving the world forward does not wait to be done by perfect men.;George Eliot;men
Much may be done in those little shreds and patches of time which every day produces, and which most men throw away.;Charles Caleb Colton;men
Men should be like Kleenex, soft, strong and disposable.;Cher;men
Men do change, and change comes like a little wind that ruffles the curtains at dawn, and it comes like the stealthy perfume of wildflowers hidden in the grass.;John Steinbeck;men
The strength and power of a country depends absolutely on the quantity of good men and women in it.;John Ruskin;men
The only language men ever speak perfectly is the one they learn in babyhood, when no one can teach them anything!;Maria Montessori;men
The average bright young man who is drafted hates the whole business because an army always tries to eliminate the individual differences in men.;Andy Rooney;men
I have known war as few men now living know it. It's very destructiveness on both friend and foe has rendered it useless as a means of settling international disputes.;Douglas MacArthur;men
Men, their rights, and nothing more women, their rights, and nothing less.;Susan B. Anthony;men
Women, as they grow older, rely more and more on cosmetics. Men, as they grow older, rely more and more on a sense of humor.;George Jean Nathan;men
I once heard two ladies going on and on about the pains of childbirth and how men don't seem to know what real pain is. I asked if either of them ever got themselves caught in a zipper.;Emo Philips;men
Only men who are not interested in women are interested in women's clothes. Men who like women never notice what they wear.;Anatole France;men
To judge from the notions expounded by theologians, one must conclude that God created most men simply with a view to crowding hell.;Marquis de Sade;men
As soon as laws are necessary for men, they are no longer fit for freedom.;Pythagoras;men
We must make it clear that a platform of 'I hate gay men and women' is not a way to become president of the United States.;Jimmy Carter;men
Either war is obsolete, or men are.;R. Buckminster Fuller;men
Ah, lives of men! When prosperous they glitter - Like a fair picture when misfortune comes - A wet sponge at one blow has blurred the painting.;Aeschylus;men
Men do not shape destiny, Destiny produces the man for the hour.;Fidel Castro;men
Married men live longer than single men. But married men are a lot more willing to die.;Johnny Carson;men
Is it not rather what we expect in men, that they should have numerous strands of experience lying side by side and never compare them with each other?;George Eliot;men
On Monday mornings I am dedicated to the proposition that all men are created jerks.;H. Allen Smith;men
But the problem is that when I go around and speak on campuses, I still don't get young men standing up and saying, 'How can I combine career and family?';Gertrude Stein;men
It is not these well-fed long-haired men that I fear, but the pale and the hungry-looking.;Julius Caesar;men
Men should only believe half of what women say. But which half?;Jean Giraudoux;men
When we tire of well-worn ways, we seek for new. This restless craving in the souls of men spurs them to climb, and to seek the mountain view.;Ella Wheeler Wilcox;men
The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn.;Gloria Steinem;men
As far as the men who are running for president are concerned, they aren't even people I would date.;Nora Ephron;men
As soon as the land of any country has all become private property, the landlords, like all other men, love to reap where they never sowed, and demand a rent even for its natural produce.;Adam Smith;men
Women are systematically degraded by receiving the trivial attentions which men think it manly to pay to the sex, when, in fact, men are insultingly supporting their own superiority.;Mary Wollstonecraft;men
English culture is basically homosexual in the sense that the men only really care about other men.;Germaine Greer;men
Whatever women do, they must do twice as well as men to be half as good. Luckily, this is not difficult.;Charlotte Whitton;men
There is one thing women can never take away from men. We die sooner.;P. J. O'Rourke;men
Rules are for the obedience of fools and the guidance of wise men.;Douglas Bader;men
Men should pledge themselves to nothing for reflection makes a liar of their resolution.;Sophocles;men
For this equilibrium now in sight, let us trust that mankind, as it has occurred in the greatest periods of its past, will find for itself a new code of ethics, common to all, made of tolerance, of courage, and of faith in the Spirit of men.;Albert Claude;men
CNN found that Hillary Clinton is the most admired woman in America. Women admire her because she's strong and successful. Men admire her because she allows her husband to cheat and get away with it.;Jay Leno;men
Let us leave pretty women to men devoid of imagination.;Marcel Proust;men
When men hear women want a commitment, they think it means commitment to a romantic relationship, but that's not it. It's a commitment to not floating around anymore. I want a guy who is entrenched in his own life. Entrenched is awesome.;Mindy Kaling;men
Ideas devour the ages as men are devoured by their passions. When man is cured, human nature will cure itself perhaps.;Honore de Balzac;men
Many men are deeply moved by the mere semblance of suffering in a woman they take the look of pain for a sign of constancy or of love.;Honore de Balzac;men
I know many married men, I even know a few happily married men, but I don't know one who wouldn't fall down the first open coal hole running after the first pretty girl who gave him a wink.;George Jean Nathan;men
No struggle can ever succeed without women participating side by side with men.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;men
Once men are caught up in an event, they cease to be afraid. Only the unknown frightens men.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;men
I believe there is complete equality between men and women. And I believe those passages in the New Testament, not by Jesus, but by Paul, that say women should not adorn themselves, they should always wear hats or color their hair in church - things like that - I think they are signs of the times and should not apply to modern-day life.;Jimmy Carter;men
A civilization is built on what is required of men, not on that which is provided for them.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;men
The root of all superstition is that men observe when a thing hits, but not when it misses.;Francis Bacon;men
The same principles which at first view lead to skepticism, pursued to a certain point, bring men back to common sense.;George Berkeley;men
As long as man continues to be the ruthless destroyer of lower living beings he will never know health or peace. For as long as men massacre animals, they will kill each other.;Pythagoras;men
I hate this fast growing tendency to chain men to machines in big factories and deprive them of all joy in their efforts - the plan will lead to cheap men and cheap products.;Richard Wagner;men
They died hard, those savage men - like wounded wolves at bay. They were filthy, and they were lousy, and they stunk. And I loved them.;Douglas MacArthur;men
Men in general are quick to believe that which they wish to be true.;Julius Caesar;men
All men's misfortunes spring from their hatred of being alone.;Jean de la Bruyere;men
Why is it that, as a culture, we are more comfortable seeing two men holding guns than holding hands?;Ernest Gaines;men
The chief difference between words and deeds is that words are always intended for men for their approbation, but deeds can be done only for God.;Leo Tolstoy;men
Reasonable men adapt to the world around them unreasonable men make the world adapt to them. The world is changed by unreasonable men.;Edwin Louis Cole;men
One can be a brother only in something. Where there is no tie that binds men, men are not united but merely lined up.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;men
Men judge us by the success of our efforts. God looks at the efforts themselves.;Charlotte Bronte;men
Only the unknown frightens men. But once a man has faced the unknown, that terror becomes the known.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;men
The 'morality of compromise' sounds contradictory. Compromise is usually a sign of weakness, or an admission of defeat. Strong men don't compromise, it is said, and principles should never be compromised.;Andrew Carnegie;men
Men do not understand books until they have a certain amount of life, or at any rate no man understands a deep book, until he has seen and lived at least part of its contents.;Ezra Pound;men
Study men, not historians.;Harry S. Truman;men
The belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary men alone are quite capable of every wickedness.;Joseph Conrad;men
Injustice, poverty, slavery, ignorance - these may be cured by reform or revolution. But men do not live only by fighting evils. They live by positive goals, individual and collective, a vast variety of them, seldom predictable, at times incompatible.;Isaiah Berlin;men
He had read much, if one considers his long life but his contemplation was much more than his reading. He was wont to say that if he had read as much as other men he should have known no more than other men.;Isaac Asimov;men
Controversy equalizes fools and wise men - and the fools know it.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;men
Girls have an unfair advantage over men: if they can't get what they want by being smart, they can get it by being dumb.;Yul Brynner;men
Men trust their ears less than their eyes.;Herodotus;men
Our whole constitutional heritage rebels at the thought of giving government the power to control men's minds.;Thurgood Marshall;men
At every crossroads on the path that leads to the future, tradition has placed 10,000 men to guard the past.;Maurice Maeterlinck;men
Every woman needs one man in her life who is strong and responsible. Given this security, she can proceed to do what she really wants to do-fall in love with men who are weak and irresponsible.;Richard J. Needham;men
We say nothing essential about the cathedral when we speak of its stones. We say nothing essential about Man when we seek to define him by the qualities of men.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;men
There is frequently more to be learned from the unexpected questions of a child than the discourses of men.;John Locke;men
Wine hath drowned more men than the sea.;Thomas Fuller;men
The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they are sober.;William Butler Yeats;men
