They dream in courtship, but in wedlock wake.;Alexander Pope;marriage
The bonds of matrimony are like any other bonds - they mature slowly.;Peter De Vries;marriage
Only choose in marriage a man whom you would choose as a friend if he were a woman.;Joseph Joubert;marriage
My husband and I are either going to buy a dog or have a child. We can't decide whether to ruin our carpet or ruin our lives.;Rita Rudner;marriage
Marriage is a feast where the grace is sometimes better than the dinner.;Charles Caleb Colton;marriage
Daddy was real gentle with kids. That's why I expected so much out of marriage, figuring that all men should be steady and pleasant.;Loretta Lynn;marriage
It isn't tying himself to one woman that a man dreads when he thinks of marrying it's separating himself from all the others.;Helen Rowland;marriage
She's been married so many times she has rice marks on her face.;Henny Youngman;marriage
Marriage is good for those who are afraid to sleep alone at night.;St. Jerome;marriage
Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets them.;Ogden Nash;marriage
He that loves not his wife and children feeds a lioness at home, and broods a nest of sorrows.;Jeremy Taylor;marriage
Marriage is an attempt to solve problems together which you didn't even have when you were on your own.;Eddie Cantor;marriage
Marriage is not about age it's about finding the right person.;Sophia Bush;marriage
I married the first man I ever kissed. When I tell this to my children, they just about throw up.;Barbara Bush;marriage
Marriage: A word which should be pronounced 'mirage'.;Herbert Spencer;marriage
The difficulty with marriage is that we fall in love with a personality, but must live with a character.;Peter De Vries;marriage
In olden times sacrifices were made at the altar - a practice which is still continued.;Helen Rowland;marriage
I've had an exciting time I married for love and got a little money along with it.;Rose Kennedy;marriage
Married men live longer than single men. But married men are a lot more willing to die.;Johnny Carson;marriage
Faithful women are all alike, they think only of their fidelity, never of their husbands.;Jean Giraudoux;marriage
Take care of him. And make him feel important. And if you can do that, you'll have a happy and wonderful marriage. Like two out of every ten couples.;Neil Simon;marriage
Caesar might have married Cleopatra, but he had a wife at home. There's always something.;Will Cuppy;marriage
I don't think my wife likes me very much, when I had a heart attack she wrote for an ambulance.;Frank Carson;marriage
On rare occasions one does hear of a miraculous case of a married couple falling in love after marriage, but on close examination it will be found that it is a mere adjustment to the inevitable.;Emma Goldman;marriage
Never feel remorse for what you have thought about your wife she has thought much worse things about you.;Jean Rostand;marriage
Marrying a man is like buying something you've been admiring for a long time in a shop window. You may love it when you get it home, but it doesn't always go with everything else in the house.;Jean Kerr;marriage
Love in marriage should be the accomplishment of a beautiful dream, and not, as it too often is, the end.;Alphonse Karr;marriage
When I get married, it'll be no secret.;Elvis Presley;marriage
Never tell a secret to a bride or a groom wait until they have been married longer.;E. W. Howe;marriage
Marriage is the highest state of friendship. If happy, it lessens our cares by dividing them, at the same time that it doubles our pleasures by mutual participation.;Samuel Richardson;marriage
Protecting the institution of marriage safeguards, I believe, the American family.;John Boehner;marriage
When you have a baby, love is automatic, when you get married, love is earned.;Marie Osmond;marriage
I like getting married, but I don't like being married.;Don Adams;marriage
Sensual pleasures have the fleeting brilliance of a comet a happy marriage has the tranquillity of a lovely sunset.;Ann Landers;marriage
Married people from my generation are like an endangered species!;Patrice Leconte;marriage
I enjoy being single, but I loved being married.;Stephanie Mills;marriage
In a happy marriage it is the wife who provides the climate, the husband the landscape.;Gerald Brenan;marriage
Like everything which is not the involuntary result of fleeting emotion but the creation of time and will, any marriage, happy or unhappy, is infinitely more interesting than any romance, however passionate.;W. H. Auden;marriage
Marriage is an institution fits in perfect harmony with the laws of nature whereas systems of slavery and segregation were designed to brutally oppress people and thereby violated the laws of nature.;Jack Kingston;marriage
Instead of getting married again, I'm going to find a woman I don't like and give her a house.;Lewis Grizzard;marriage
A so-called happy marriage corresponds to love as a correct poem to an improvised song.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;marriage
Marriage, it seems, confines every man to his proper rank.;Jean de la Bruyere;marriage
Marriage is a gamble, let's be honest.;Yoko Ono;marriage
It's not always been a happy marriage. I guess I wanted a quick fix.;David Byrne;marriage
If you want to know how your girl will treat you after marriage, just listen to her talking to her little brother.;Sam Levenson;marriage
When a marriage works, nothing on earth can take its place.;Helen Gahagan;marriage
Many a man in love with a dimple makes the mistake of marrying the whole girl.;Stephen Leacock;marriage
Marriage is a mistake every man should make.;George Jessel;marriage
If you want to read about love and marriage, you've got to buy two separate books.;Alan King;marriage
Whoever, fleeing marriage and the sorrows that women cause, does not wish to wed comes to a deadly old age.;Hesiod;marriage
For marriage to be a success, every woman and every man should have her and his own bathroom. The end.;Catherine Zeta-Jones;marriage
But, alas! what poor Woman is ever taught that she should have a higher Design than to get her a Husband?;Mary Astell;marriage
Is there a doctor in the house? My parents want me to marry you.;Wendy Liebman;marriage
Married couples who work together to build and maintain a business assume broad responsibilities. Not only is their work important to our local and national economies, but their success is central to the well-being of their families.;Melissa Bean;marriage
The human brain starts working the moment you are born and never stops until you stand up to speak in public.;George Jessel;marriage
If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable.;George Ade;marriage
Marriage, like money, is still with us and, like money, progressively devalued.;Robert Graves;marriage
There's nothing like a good cheating song to make me want to run home to be with my wife.;Steven Curtis Chapman;marriage
The critical period of matrimony is breakfast-time.;A. P. Herbert;marriage
Marriage - a book of which the first chapter is written in poetry and the remaining chapters in prose.;Beverley Nichols;marriage
Marriage is an exercise in torture.;Frances Conroy;marriage
Quarrels often arise in marriages when the bridal gifts are excessive.;Antisthenes;marriage
The comfortable estate of widowhood is the only hope that keeps up a wife's spirits.;John Gay;marriage
I might be celibate, but I appreciate the wonder of the sacrament of marriage.;Keith O'Brien;marriage
The only good husbands stay bachelors: They're too considerate to get married.;Finley Peter Dunne;marriage
One was never married, and that's his hell another is, and that's his plague.;Robert Burton;marriage
I very much feel that marriage is a sacrament and that sacrament should extend... to that legal entity of a union between what traditionally in our Western values has been defined as between a man and a woman.;Bill Frist;marriage
I married beneath me, all women do.;Nancy Astor;marriage
I am the most well-adjusted human being I know. I started out this investigation as a very happy man with a great career. I've got the life people dream about: I am rich, I am famous, I've got a fabulous marriage to an absolutely, spell-bindingly brilliant woman.;James Ellroy;marriage
I think it's something that needs to be said - that there are interracial marriages out there, and the couples live happy lives, and there's nothing wrong with it.;Tia Mowry;marriage
Why in almost all societies have married women specialized in bearing and rearing children and in certain agricultural activities, whereas married men have done most of the fighting and market work?;Gary Becker;marriage
Marriage, for a woman at least, hampers the two things that made life to me glorious - friendship and learning.;Jane Harrison;marriage
I wanted to marry a girl just like my mom.;Michael Bergin;marriage
Marriage is a financial contract I have enough contracts already.;Linda Fiorentino;marriage
Marriages are made in heaven and consummated on Earth.;John Lyly;marriage
Always get married in the morning. That way if it doesn't work out, you haven't wasted the whole day.;Mickey Rooney;marriage
I've had two proposals since I've been a widow. I am a wonderful catch, you know. I have a lot of money.;Ruth Rendell;marriage
The real act of marriage takes place in the heart, not in the ballroom or church or synagogue. It's a choice you make - not just on your wedding day, but over and over again - and that choice is reflected in the way you treat your husband or wife.;Barbara de Angelis;marriage
There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage.;Martin Luther;marriage
Wit is the sudden marriage of ideas which before their union were not perceived to have any relation.;Mark Twain;marriage
The one charm about marriage is that it makes a life of deception absolutely necessary for both parties.;Oscar Wilde;marriage
There is, hidden or flaunted, a sword between the sexes till an entire marriage reconciles them.;C. S. Lewis;marriage
Many a good hanging prevents a bad marriage.;William Shakespeare;marriage
How marriage ruins a man! It is as demoralizing as cigarettes, and far more expensive.;Oscar Wilde;marriage
Marriage is the most natural state of man, and... the state in which you will find solid happiness.;Benjamin Franklin;marriage
I believe marriage is between a man and a woman. I am not in favor of gay marriage. But when you start playing around with constitutions, just to prohibit somebody who cares about another person, it just seems to me that's not what America's about. Usually, our constitutions expand liberties, they don't contract them.;Barack Obama;marriage
When people get married because they think it's a long-time love affair, they'll be divorced very soon, because all love affairs end in disappointment. But marriage is a recognition of a spiritual identity.;Joseph Campbell;marriage
So many people prefer to live in drama because it's comfortable. It's like someone staying in a bad marriage or relationship - it's actually easier to stay because they know what to expect every day, versus leaving and not knowing what to expect.;Ellen DeGeneres;marriage
I support gay marriage. I believe they have a right to be as miserable as the rest of us.;Kinky Friedman;marriage
Marriage is an alliance entered into by a man who can't sleep with the window shut, and a woman who can't sleep with the window open.;George Bernard Shaw;marriage
As to marriage or celibacy, let a man take which course he will, he will be sure to repent.;Socrates;marriage
Marriage destroyed my relationship with two wonderful men.;Marilyn Monroe;marriage
Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship.;Marilyn Monroe;marriage
The details surrounding both my marriage and subsequent filing for divorce are private, and I had hoped to keep them that way for the sake of my family.;Eminem;marriage
The heart of marriage is memories and if the two of you happen to have the same ones and can savor your reruns, then your marriage is a gift from the gods.;Bill Cosby;marriage
Marriage is popular because it combines the maximum of temptation with the maximum of opportunity.;George Bernard Shaw;marriage
Marriage is good enough for the lower classes: they have facilities for desertion that are denied to us.;George Bernard Shaw;marriage
There is no subject on which more dangerous nonsense is talked and thought than marriage.;George Bernard Shaw;marriage
I'm 0 for 3 with marriage - the scoreboard doesn't lie, never has. So what we all have is a marriage of the heart. To sully or contaminate or radically disrespect this union with a shameful contract is something that I will leave to the amateurs and the Bible grippers.;Charlie Sheen;marriage
