There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;great
There can be no great courage where there is no confidence or assurance, and half the battle is in the conviction that we can do what we undertake.;Orison Swett Marden;great
The sensitivity of men to small matters, and their indifference to great ones, indicates a strange inversion.;Blaise Pascal;great
All architecture is great architecture after sunset perhaps architecture is really a nocturnal art, like the art of fireworks.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;great
What seems to be generosity is often no more than disguised ambition, which overlooks a small interest in order to secure a great one.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;great
The difficulty is not so great to die for a friend, as to find a friend worth dying for.;Homer;great
I had faith in Israel before it was established, I have in it now. I believe it has a glorious future before it - not just another sovereign nation, but as an embodiment of the great ideals of our civilization.;Harry S. Truman;great
The paradox is really the pathos of intellectual life and just as only great souls are exposed to passions it is only the great thinker who is exposed to what I call paradoxes, which are nothing else than grandiose thoughts in embryo.;Soren Kierkegaard;great
Because of its tremendous solemnity death is the light in which great passions, both good and bad, become transparent, no longer limited by outward appearences.;Soren Kierkegaard;great
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.;J. K. Rowling;great
There are many qualities that make a great leader. But having strong beliefs, being able to stick with them through popular and unpopular times, is the most important characteristic of a great leader.;Rudy Giuliani;great
The atom bomb was no 'great decision.' It was merely another powerful weapon in the arsenal of righteousness.;Harry S. Truman;great
Justice is itself the great standing policy of civil society and any eminent departure from it, under any circumstances, lies under the suspicion of being no policy at all.;Edmund Burke;great
Memorial Day this year is especially important as we are reminded almost daily of the great sacrifices that the men and women of the Armed Services make to defend our way of life.;Robin Hayes;great
The harder the struggle, the more glorious the triumph. Self-realization demands very great struggle.;Swami Sivananda;great
If you have love in your life, it can make up for a great many things that are missing. If you don't have love in your life, no matter what else there is, it's not enough.;Ann Landers;great
Confidence is that feeling by which the mind embarks in great and honorable courses with a sure hope and trust in itself.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;great
There is no greater glory than love, nor any great punishment than jealously.;Lope de Vega;great
Some people hear their own inner voices with great clearness. And they live by what they hear. Such people become crazy... or they become legend.;Jim Harrison;great
Marriage is a great institution.;Elizabeth Taylor;great
Like all great travellers, I have seen more than I remember, and remember more than I have seen.;Benjamin Disraeli;great
God is the great mysterious motivator of what we call nature, and it has often been said by philosophers, that nature is the will of God. And I prefer to say that nature is the only body of God that we shall ever see.;Frank Lloyd Wright;great
I'm very competitive by nature. And I like to be the underdog - It's the best way to win. To come from behind and win is a great feeling!;Zac Efron;great
A great many men's gratitude is nothing but a secret desire to hook in more valuable kindnesses hereafter.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;great
No enterprise can exist for itself alone. It ministers to some great need, it performs some great service, not for itself, but for others or failing therein, it ceases to be profitable and ceases to exist.;Calvin Coolidge;great
The planter, the farmer, the mechanic, and the laborer... form the great body of the people of the United States, they are the bone and sinew of the country men who love liberty and desire nothing but equal rights and equal laws.;Andrew Jackson;great
Irreligion - the principal one of the great faiths of the world.;Ambrose Bierce;great
The great thing about getting older is that you don't lose all the other ages you've been.;Madeleine L'Engle;great
There are trivial truths and the great truths. The opposite of a trivial truth is plainly false. The opposite of a great truth is also true.;Niels Bohr;great
However glorious an action in itself, it ought not to pass for great if it be not the effect of wisdom and intention.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;great
I remember that. I was talking to him and I said how great it would be if actors had a tail because I have animals and a tail is so expressive. On a cat you can tell everything. You can tell if they're annoyed. You can tell whether they're scared.;Christopher Walken;great
Great art is as irrational as great music. It is mad with its own loveliness.;George Jean Nathan;great
Success is a great deodorant.;Elizabeth Taylor;great
I have great people, smart people that are around me and we love the challenge. I guess it's like climbing a mountain or building a building. It's a challenge but you love every challenge that it brings or presents itself.;Ice Cube;great
In general, pride is at the bottom of all great mistakes.;John Ruskin;great
Grown men can learn from very little children for the hearts of little children are pure. Therefore, the Great Spirit may show to them many things which older people miss.;Black Elk;great
Truth is always served by great minds, even if they fight it.;Jean Rostand;great
The immortality of the soul is a matter which is of so great consequence to us and which touches us so profoundly that we must have lost all feeling to be indifferent about it.;Blaise Pascal;great
In a World where people are surrounded by darkness, ignorance and fear, it is a sign of hope to be celebrating Islam's message of peace and light, and the last great Messenger, born and chosen to deliver them to all mankind.;Cat Stevens;great
Great passions, my dear, don't exist: they're liars fantasies. What do exist are little loves that may last for a short or a longer while.;Anna Magnani;great
Our bodies are shaped to bear children, and our lives are a working out of the processes of creation. All our ambitions and intelligence are beside that great elemental point.;Saint Augustine;great
Great things are done when men and mountains meet.;William Blake;great
The difference between a bad artist and a good one is: the bad artist seems to copy a great deal the good one really does.;William Blake;great
The great secret of success is to go through life as a man who never gets used up.;Albert Schweitzer;great
There's a great joy in my giving. It's thrilling. It's exhilarating. It's important to be a part of sharing. It is my love. It is my joy.;W. Clement Stone;great
Once I planned to write a book of poems entirely about the things in my pocket. But I found it would be too long and the age of the great epics is past.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;great
Who can map out the various forces at play in one soul? Man is a great depth, O Lord. The hairs of his head are easier by far to count than his feeling, the movements of his heart.;Saint Augustine;great
What happens when you have great grief in your life is the arteries of that heart begins to spasms down, just literally squeezes down like this because you're feeling the tension of your life and then the heart muscle itself will also begin - to get stressed out.;Mehmet Oz;great
Unless you have prepared yourself to profit by your chance, the opportunity will only make you ridiculous. A great occasion is valuable to you just in proportion as you have educated yourself to make use of it.;Orison Swett Marden;great
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.;George Eliot;great
The great constitutional corrective in the hands of the people against usurpation of power, or corruption by their agents is the right of suffrage and this when used with calmness and deliberation will prove strong enough.;Andrew Jackson;great
Great is the power of habit. It teaches us to bear fatigue and to despise wounds and pain.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;great
In Republics, the great danger is, that the majority may not sufficiently respect the rights of the minority.;James Madison;great
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.;Samuel Johnson;great
A man must live like a great brilliant flame and burn as brightly as he can. In the end he burns out. But this is far better than a mean little flame.;Boris Yeltsin;great
I believe with all my heart that America remains 'the great idea' that inspires the world. It is a privilege to be born here. It is an honor to become a citizen here. It is a gift to raise your family here, to vote here, and to live here.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;great
On a level plain, simple mounds look like hills and the insipid flatness of our present bourgeoisie is to be measured by the altitude of its great intellects.;Karl Marx;great
Thrift is of great revenue.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;great
Beware of endeavoring to become a great man in a hurry. One such attempt in ten thousand may succeed. These are fearful odds.;Benjamin Disraeli;great
Myself when young did eagerly frequent doctor and saint, and heard great argument about it and about: but evermore came out by the same door as in I went.;Omar Khayyam;great
The greatness of man is great in that he knows himself to be wretched. A tree does not know itself to be wretched.;Blaise Pascal;great
Man seems to be capable of great virtues but not of small virtues capable of defying his torturer but not of keeping his temper.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;great
They that apply themselves to trifling matters commonly become incapable of great ones.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;great
Almost no one is foolish enough to imagine that he automatically deserves great success in any field of activity yet almost everyone believes that he automatically deserves success in marriage.;Sydney J. Harris;great
I love being. There's so much wisdom in it. You wake up in the morning and you think, Hey, isn't it great just being?;Gwyneth Paltrow;great
Put the uncommon effort into the common task... make it large by doing it in a great way.;Orison Swett Marden;great
My father always used to say that when you die, if you've got five real friends, then you've had a great life.;Lee Iacocca;great
Scientists dream about doing great things. Engineers do them.;James A. Michener;great
No one was ever great without some portion of divine inspiration.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;great
The '20s ended in an era of extravagance, sort of like the one we're in now. There was a big crash, but then the country picked itself up again, and we had some great years. Those were the days when American believed in itself. I was happy and proud to be painting it.;Norman Rockwell;great
Nothing great is created suddenly, any more than a bunch of grapes or a fig. If you tell me that you desire a fig. I answer you that there must be time. Let it first blossom, then bear fruit, then ripen.;Epictetus;great
A great secret of success is to go through life as a man who never gets used up.;Albert Schweitzer;great
Moderation has been called a virtue to limit the ambition of great men, and to console undistinguished people for their want of fortune and their lack of merit.;Benjamin Disraeli;great
It is a great mystery that though the human heart longs for Truth, in which alone it finds liberation and delight, the first reaction of human beings to Truth is one of hostility and fear!;Anthony de Mello;great
Every happening, great and small, is a parable whereby God speaks to us, and the art of life is to get the message.;Malcolm Muggeridge;great
The man who throws a bomb is an artist, because he prefers a great moment to everything.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;great
Life is a great big canvas throw all the paint you can at it.;Danny Kaye;great
With people of limited ability modesty is merely honesty. But with those who possess great talent it is hypocrisy.;Arthur Schopenhauer;great
It is not enough to have great qualities We should also have the management of them.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;great
I have a great love and respect for religion, great love and respect for atheism. What I hate is agnosticism, people who do not choose.;Orson Welles;great
The very greatest things - great thoughts, discoveries, inventions - have usually been nurtured in hardship, often pondered over in sorrow, and at length established with difficulty.;Samuel Smiles;great
It is part of a good man to do great and noble deeds, though he risk everything.;Plutarch;great
Men are not great or small because of their material possessions. They are great or small because of what they are.;James Cash Penney;great
I think capital punishment works great. Every killer you kill never kills again.;Bill Maher;great
Great nations write their autobiographies in three manuscripts - the book of their deeds, the book of their words and the book of their art.;John Ruskin;great
He had no failings which were not owing to a noble cause to an ardent, generous, perhaps an immoderate passion for fame a passion which is the instinct of all great souls.;Edmund Burke;great
We used to root for the Indians against the cavalry, because we didn't think it was fair in the history books that when the cavalry won it was a great victory, and when the Indians won it was a massacre.;Dick Gregory;great
Seeds of great discoveries are constantly floating around us, but they only take root in minds well prepared to receive them.;Joseph Henry;great
A difference of taste in jokes is a great strain on the affections.;George Eliot;great
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.;Charles R. Swindoll;great
What distinguishes a great artist from a weak one is first their sensibility and tenderness second, their imagination, and third, their industry.;Salman Rushdie;great
We must always remember that America is a great nation today not because of what government did for people but because of what people did for themselves and for one another.;Richard M. Nixon;great
In reading the lives of great men, I found that the first victory they won was over themselves... self-discipline with all of them came first.;Harry S. Truman;great
If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. It's the hard that makes it great.;Tom Hanks;great
My greatest point is my persistence. I never give up in a match. However down I am, I fight until the last ball. My list of matches shows that I have turned a great many so-called irretrievable defeats into victories.;Bjorn Borg;great
Great love affairs start with Champagne and end with tisane.;Honore de Balzac;great
Rugby is great. The players don't wear helmets or padding they just beat the living daylights out of each other and then go for a beer. I love that.;Joe Theismann;great
There is something great and terrible about suicide.;Honore de Balzac;great
No great idea in its beginning can ever be within the law. How can it be within the law? The law is stationary. The law is fixed. The law is a chariot wheel which binds us all regardless of conditions or place or time.;Emma Goldman;great
