To find out what one is fitted to do, and to secure an opportunity to do it, is the key to happiness.;John Dewey;work
Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction.;Anne Frank;work
To be a poet is a condition, not a profession.;Robert Frost;work
The harder I work, the luckier I get.;Samuel Goldwyn;work
There is no substitute for hard work.;Thomas A. Edison;work
Without work, all life goes rotten. But when work is soulless, life stifles and dies.;Albert Camus;work
We work to become, not to acquire.;Elbert Hubbard;work
Find a job you like and you add five days to every week.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;work
Nothing ever comes to one, that is worth having, except as a result of hard work.;Booker T. Washington;work
There is joy in work. There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something.;Henry Ford;work
Management is nothing more than motivating other people.;Lee Iacocca;work
Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent and original in your work.;Gustave Flaubert;work
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them.;Ann Landers;work
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.;Henry J. Kaiser;work
It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction.;Pablo Picasso;work
Every noble work is at first impossible.;Thomas Carlyle;work
Work is a necessity for man. Man invented the alarm clock.;Pablo Picasso;work
A manager is responsible for the application and performance of knowledge.;Peter Drucker;work
When a man tells you that he got rich through hard work, ask him: 'Whose?';Don Marquis;work
Plans are only good intentions unless they immediately degenerate into hard work.;Peter Drucker;work
The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work.;Richard Bach;work
America believes in education: the average professor earns more money in a year than a professional athlete earns in a whole week.;Evan Esar;work
Going to work for a large company is like getting on a train. Are you going sixty miles an hour or is the train going sixty miles an hour and you're just sitting still?;J. Paul Getty;work
Work alone is noble.;Thomas Carlyle;work
I can't imagine anything more worthwhile than doing what I most love. And they pay me for it.;Edgar Winter;work
If you don't want to work you have to work to earn enough money so that you won't have to work.;Ogden Nash;work
Life grants nothing to us mortals without hard work.;Horace;work
Work is accomplished by those employees who have not yet reached their level of incompetence.;Laurence J. Peter;work
I've learned from experience that if you work harder at it, and apply more energy and time to it, and more consistency, you get a better result. It comes from the work.;Louis C. K.;work
And to get real work experience, you need a job, and most jobs will require you to have had either real work experience or a graduate degree.;Donald Norman;work
Working hard and working smart sometimes can be two different things.;Byron Dorgan;work
For me, every day is a new thing. I approach each project with a new insecurity, almost like the first project I ever did. And I get the sweats. I go in and start working, I'm not sure where I'm going. If I knew where I was going I wouldn't do it.;Frank Gehry;work
The supreme accomplishment is to blur the line between work and play.;Arnold J. Toynbee;work
To fulfill a dream, to be allowed to sweat over lonely labor, to be given a chance to create, is the meat and potatoes of life. The money is the gravy.;Bette Davis;work
You're blessed if you have the strength to work.;Mahalia Jackson;work
When more and more people are thrown out of work, unemployment results.;Calvin Coolidge;work
Teaching was the hardest work I had ever done, and it remains the hardest work I have done to date.;Ann Richards;work
Management must manage!;Harold S. Geneen;work
Nothing is work unless you'd rather be doing something else.;George Halas;work
There are one hundred men seeking security to one able man who is willing to risk his fortune.;J. Paul Getty;work
I have always argued that change becomes stressful and overwhelming only when you've lost any sense of the constancy of your life. You need firm ground to stand on. From there, you can deal with that change.;Richard Nelson Bolles;work
Work is not man's punishment. It is his reward and his strength and his pleasure.;George Sand;work
To find joy in work is to discover the fountain of youth.;Pearl S. Buck;work
The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work.;Harry Golden;work
If Botticelli were alive today he'd be working for Vogue.;Peter Ustinov;work
And if small businesspeople say they made it on their own, all they are saying is that nobody else worked seven days a week in their place. Nobody showed up in their place to open the door at five in the morning. Nobody did their thinking, and worrying, and sweating for them.;Paul Ryan;work
Concentrate on your job and you will forget your other troubles.;William Feather;work
Managers in all too many American companies do not achieve the desired results because nobody makes them do it.;Harold S. Geneen;work
By the work one knows the workman.;Jean de La Fontaine;work
Ya gots to work with what you gots to work with.;Stevie Wonder;work
Work isn't to make money you work to justify life.;Marc Chagall;work
After two weeks of working on a project, you know whether it will work or not.;Bill Budge;work
It can be liberating to get fired because you realize the world doesn't end. There's other ways to make money, better jobs.;Ron Livingston;work
O man you are busy working for the world, and the world is busy trying to turn you out.;Abu Bakr;work
If you put all your strength and faith and vigor into a job and try to do the best you can, the money will come.;Lawrence Welk;work
Because I have work to care about, it is possible that I may be less difficult to get along with than other women when the double chins start to form.;Gloria Steinem;work
Work, look for peace and calm in work: you will find it nowhere else.;Dmitri Mendeleev;work
As I understand it, sport is hard work for which you do not get paid.;Irvin S. Cobb;work
Be open to the amazing changes which are occurring in the field that interest you.;Leigh Steinberg;work
I'm working myself to death.;Alan Ladd;work
The biggest job we have is to teach a newly hired employee how to fail intelligently. We have to train him to experiment over and over and to keep on trying and failing until he learns what will work.;Charles Kettering;work
Most people treat the office manual the way they treat a software manual. They never look at it.;James Levine;work
Work expands so as to fill the time available for its completion.;C. Northcote Parkinson;work
Dreaming in public is an important part of our job description, as science writers, but there are bad dreams as well as good dreams. We're dreamers, you see, but we're also realists, of a sort.;William Gibson;work
Men for the sake of getting a living forget to live.;Margaret Fuller;work
Unemployment is capitalism's way of getting you to plant a garden.;Orson Scott Card;work
No one can arrive from being talented alone, work transforms talent into genius.;Anna Pavlova;work
It's easier to change what you do than people think it is. If you don't change, your field changes around you.;Walter Gilbert;work
I met an American woman and got married so I had to get a job.;Walter Wager;work
There is a vast world of work out there in this country, where at least 111 million people are employed in this country alone - many of whom are bored out of their minds. All day long.;Richard Nelson Bolles;work
Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle. And so we must straighten our backs and work for our freedom. A man can't ride you unless your back is bent.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;work
If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.;Michael Jordan;work
Always continue the climb. It is possible for you to do whatever you choose, if you first get to know who you are and are willing to work with a power that is greater than ourselves to do it.;Ella Wheeler Wilcox;work
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid.;Benjamin Franklin;work
My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry to get my work done and try to love somebody and have the courage to accept the love in return.;Maya Angelou;work
Whatever your life's work is, do it well. A man should do his job so well that the living, the dead, and the unborn could do it no better.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;work
A dream doesn't become reality through magic it takes sweat, determination and hard work.;Colin Powell;work
All life demands struggle. Those who have everything given to them become lazy, selfish, and insensitive to the real values of life. The very striving and hard work that we so constantly try to avoid is the major building block in the person we are today.;Pope Paul VI;work
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored.;Earl Nightingale;work
If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.;Bruce Lee;work
Let us touch the dying, the poor, the lonely and the unwanted according to the graces we have received and let us not be ashamed or slow to do the humble work.;Mother Teresa;work
Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil.;J. Paul Getty;work
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.;Thomas A. Edison;work
With Malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right, as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the nation's wounds.;Abraham Lincoln;work
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.;Lao Tzu;work
Let not him who is houseless pull down the house of another, but let him work diligently and build one for himself, thus by example assuring that his own shall be safe from violence when built.;Abraham Lincoln;work
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.;Buddha;work
I believe God is managing affairs and that He doesn't need any advice from me. With God in charge, I believe everything will work out for the best in the end. So what is there to worry about.;Henry Ford;work
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.;Vince Lombardi;work
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.;Colin Powell;work
In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.;Lao Tzu;work
Before you start some work, always ask yourself three questions - Why am I doing it, What the results might be and Will I be successful. Only when you think deeply and find satisfactory answers to these questions, go ahead.;Chanakya;work
Some people see things that are and ask, Why? Some people dream of things that never were and ask, Why not? Some people have to go to work and don't have time for all that.;George Carlin;work
We need to steer clear of this poverty of ambition, where people want to drive fancy cars and wear nice clothes and live in nice apartments but don't want to work hard to accomplish these things. Everyone should try to realize their full potential.;Barack Obama;work
The miracle is not that we do this work, but that we are happy to do it.;Mother Teresa;work
Many people mistake our work for our vocation. Our vocation is the love of Jesus.;Mother Teresa;work
It isn't enough to talk about peace. One must believe in it. And it isn't enough to believe in it. One must work at it.;Eleanor Roosevelt;work
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.;Steve Jobs;work
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend.;Henry David Thoreau;work
