Science is a differential equation. Religion is a boundary condition.;Alan Turing;science
Science is all metaphor.;Timothy Leary;science
I like science and I love gym. Oh, and I like art, but I'm really bad at it. I'm just a terrible drawer. I can't draw a circle. Even with a ruler, I can't draw a straight line.;Daniel Radcliffe;science
Both the man of science and the man of action live always at the edge of mystery, surrounded by it.;J. Robert Oppenheimer;science
Some day science may have the existence of mankind in power, and the human race can commit suicide by blowing up the world.;Henry Adams;science
Politicians should read science fiction, not westerns and detective stories.;Arthur C. Clarke;science
Freedom is absolutely necessary for the progress in science and the liberal arts.;Baruch Spinoza;science
All good criticism should be judged the way art is. You shouldn't read it the way you read history or science.;Leslie Fiedler;science
That which today calls itself science gives us more and more information, and indigestible glut of information, and less and less understanding.;Edward Abbey;science
Man masters nature not by force but by understanding. This is why science has succeeded where magic failed: because it has looked for no spell to cast over nature.;Jacob Bronowski;science
Strictly speaking, the idea of a scientific poem is probably as nonsensical as that of a poetic science.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;science
Form your life humanly, and you have done enough: but you will never reach the height of art and the depth of science without something divine.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;science
Biology is now bigger than physics, as measured by the size of budgets, by the size of the workforce, or by the output of major discoveries and biology is likely to remain the biggest part of science through the twenty-first century.;Freeman Dyson;science
Human Nature is the only science of man and yet has been hitherto the most neglected.;David Hume;science
Society lives by faith, and develops by science.;Henri Frederic Amiel;science
Whence come I and whither go I? That is the great unfathomable question, the same for every one of us. Science has no answer to it.;Max Planck;science
Man has to awaken to wonder - and so perhaps do peoples. Science is a way of sending him to sleep again.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;science
After all, science is essentially international, and it is only through lack of the historical sense that national qualities have been attributed to it.;Marie Curie;science
Actually, I majored in marketing and I have a bachelor of science.;Wanda Sykes;science
Though many have tried, no one has ever yet explained away the decisive fact that science, which can do so much, cannot decide what it ought to do.;Joseph Wood Krutch;science
Definition of Statistics: The science of producing unreliable facts from reliable figures.;Evan Esar;science
God created the world the laws of nature were created by God. True science tries to find out what God put in the world. The trouble is where scientists speculate about theology and they don't know what they're talking about because they weren't there. They can't speculate about the origins of life because they weren't there.;Pat Robertson;science
There are in fact two things, science and opinion the former begets knowledge, the later ignorance.;Hippocrates;science
I did, although I didn't read from page 1 to page 187 but I read chunks of it. I did a little bit of science when I was in the university so I was able to understand the graphs and pie charts and stuff like that. It was extremely dry.;Liam Neeson;science
Science knows only one commandment - contribute to science.;Bertolt Brecht;science
For whatever reason, I didn't succumb to the stereotype that science wasn't for girls. I got encouragement from my parents. I never ran into a teacher or a counselor who told me that science was for boys. A lot of my friends did.;Sally Ride;science
There are no such things as applied sciences, only applications of science.;Louis Pasteur;science
Science means simply the aggregate of all the recipes that are always successful. All the rest is literature.;Paul Valery;science
President Obama believes in a country where we invest in education, in roads and bridges, in science, and in the future so we can create new opportunities so the next kid can make it big and the kid afer that and the kid after that, that's what President Obama believes.;Elizabeth Warren;science
Go beyond science, into the region of metaphysics. Real religion is beyond argument. It can only be lived both inwardly and outwardly.;Swami Sivananda;science
I think that's what distinguishes Schmidt, really. In the movies now, so much of what is appealing to an audience is the dramatic or has to do with science fiction, and Schmidt is simply human. There's no melodrama there's no device, It's just about a human being.;Jack Nicholson;science
However far modern science and techniques have fallen short of their inherent possibilities, they have taught mankind at least one lesson nothing is impossible.;Lewis Mumford;science
Knowledge of the sciences is so much smoke apart from the heavenly science of Christ.;John Calvin;science
Science fiction writers, I am sorry to say, really do not know anything. We can't talk about science, because our knowledge of it is limited and unofficial, and usually our fiction is dreadful.;Philip K. Dick;science
Mythology and science both extend the scope of human beings. Like science and technology, mythology, as we shall see, is not about opting out of this world, but about enabling us to live more intensely within it.;Karen Armstrong;science
Economists treat economics as if it is a pure science divorced from the facts of life. The result of this false accountancy is a willful confusion under cover of which industry wreaks its havoc scot-free and ignores the environmental cost.;Vivienne Westwood;science
Making movies is not rocket science. It's about relationships and communication and strangers coming together to see if they can get along harmoniously, productively, and creatively. That's a challenge. When it works, it's fantastic and will lift you up. When it doesn't work, it's almost just as fascinating.;Julia Roberts;science
Evolution seems to close the heart to some of the plainest spiritual truths while it opens the mind to the wildest guesses advanced in the name of science.;William Jennings Bryan;science
Space or science fiction has become a dialect for our time.;Doris Lessing;science
I warn you against believing that advertising is a science.;William Bernbach;science
As soon as questions of will or decision or reason or choice of action arise, human science is at a loss.;Noam Chomsky;science
Everything in food is science. The only subjective part is when you eat it.;Alton Brown;science
The kitchen's a laboratory, and everything that happens there has to do with science. It's biology, chemistry, physics. Yes, there's history. Yes, there's artistry. Yes, to all of that. But what happened there, what actually happens to the food is all science.;Alton Brown;science
Science without conscience is the death of the soul.;Francois Rabelais;science
History is the science of things which are not repeated.;Paul Valery;science
I also like to look at the dynamic that takes place between religion and science because, in a way, both are asking the same questions: Who are we? Where do we come from? Why are we here? Where are we going? The methodologies are diametrically opposed, but their motivation is the same the wellspring is the same in both cases.;J. Michael Straczynski;science
Computer science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes.;Edsger Dijkstra;science
Science is built up of facts, as a house is with stones. But a collection of facts is no more a science than a heap of stones is a house.;Henri Poincare;science
Science is the knowledge of consequences, and dependence of one fact upon another.;Thomas Hobbes;science
Inspiration in Science may have to do with ideas, but not in Art. In art it is in the senses that are instinctively responsive to the medium of expression.;Arthur Erickson;science
No science is immune to the infection of politics and the corruption of power.;Jacob Bronowski;science
Indeed, in view of its function, religion stands in greater need of a rational foundation of its ultimate principles than even the dogmas of science.;Muhammad Iqbal;science
Yet higher religion, which is only a search for a larger life, is essentially experience and recognized the necessity of experience as its foundation long before science learnt to do so.;Muhammad Iqbal;science
Many people and governments share the mistaken belief that science, with new, ingenious devices and techniques, can rescue us from the troubles we face without our having to mend our ways and change our patterns of activity. This is not so.;Henry W. Kendall;science
Vast is the field of Science. The more a man knows, the more he will find he has to know.;Samuel Richardson;science
Science is organized knowledge.;Herbert Spencer;science
In science the important thing is to modify and change one's ideas as science advances.;Herbert Spencer;science
The humanities need to be defended today against the encroachments of physical science, as they once needed to be against the encroachment of theology.;Irving Babbitt;science
If Christianity is not scientific, and Science is not God, then there is no invariable law, and truth becomes an accident.;Mary Baker Eddy;science
I started out writing much more science fictiony stuff and writing about science fiction.;Neil Gaiman;science
I also think we need to maintain distinctions - the doctrine of creation is different from a scientific cosmology, and we should resist the temptation, which sometimes scientists give in to, to try to assimilate the concepts of theology to the concepts of science.;John Polkinghorne;science
Science cannot tell theology how to construct a doctrine of creation, but you can't construct a doctrine of creation without taking account of the age of the universe and the evolutionary character of cosmic history.;John Polkinghorne;science
Advertising: the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.;Stephen Leacock;science
I landed a job with Roger Corman. The job was to write the English dialogue for a Russian science fiction picture. I didn't speak any Russian. He didn't care whether I could understand what they were saying he wanted me to make up dialogue.;Francis Ford Coppola;science
I graduated from the University of Delaware with a double major in history and political science.;Joe Biden;science
I liked math - that was my favorite subject - and I was very interested in astronomy and in physical science.;Sally Ride;science
So I decided on science when I was in college.;Sally Ride;science
Science has proof without any certainty. Creationists have certainty without any proof.;Ashley Montagu;science
Of all the failed technologies that litter the onward march of science - steam carriages, zeppelins, armoured trains - none has been so catastrophic to prosperity as the last century's attempt to generate electricity from nuclear fission.;James Buchan;science
The whole of science, and one is tempted to think the whole of the life of any thinking man, is trying to come to terms with the relationship between yourself and the natural world. Why are you here, and how do you fit in, and what's it all about.;David Attenborough;science
Just after World War II, this country led the world in science by every way you could measure it, yet the number of scientists was a tiny proportion of what it is now.;James Lovelock;science
Science is a cemetery of dead ideas.;Miguel de Unamuno;science
True science teaches, above all, to doubt and to be ignorant.;Miguel de Unamuno;science
We know from science that nothing in the universe exists as an isolated or independent entity.;Margaret J. Wheatley;science
I don't think makeup is rocket science or a cure for cancer.;Cindy Crawford;science
All science is either physics or stamp collecting.;Ernest Rutherford;science
New discoveries in science will continue to create a thousand new frontiers for those who still would adventure.;Herbert Hoover;science
Art is I science is we.;Claude Bernard;science
Our science fails to recognize those special properties of life that make it fundamental to material reality. This view of the world - biocentrism - revolves around the way a subjective experience, which we call consciousness, relates to a physical process. It is a vast mystery and one that I have pursued my entire life.;Robert Lanza;science
The No Child Left Behind Program was an incentive to the schools to get their kids up to snuff on math and science and reading.;Sandra Day O'Connor;science
There's no question that as science, knowledge and technology advance, that we will attempt to do more significant things. And there's no question that we will always have to temper those things with ethics.;Benjamin Carson;science
It is the business of the future to be dangerous and it is among the merits of science that it equips the future for its duties.;Alfred North Whitehead;science
Nothing retains less of desire in art, in science, than this will to industry, booty, possession.;Andre Breton;science
We've made science experiments of ourselves and our children.;Jonathan Safran Foer;science
A body of work such as Pasteur's is inconceivable in our time: no man would be given a chance to create a whole science. Nowadays a path is scarcely opened up when the crowd begins to pour in.;Jean Rostand;science
Before a war military science seems a real science, like astronomy but after a war it seems more like astrology.;Rebecca West;science
I was always very interested in science, and I knew that for me, science was a better long-term career than tennis.;Sally Ride;science
Rocket science is tough, and rockets have a way of failing.;Sally Ride;science
Science is fun. Science is curiosity. We all have natural curiosity. Science is a process of investigating. It's posing questions and coming up with a method. It's delving in.;Sally Ride;science
Nature is not simply a technical or economical resource, and human beings are not mere numbers. To suggest that one can somehow align all the squabbling institutions of science, environmental management, government and diplomacy in an alliance of convenience to regulate the global climate seems to me optimistic.;James Buchan;science
Humanity has experienced many revolutionary changes over the course of history: revolutions in agriculture, in science, industrial production, as well as numerous political revolutions. But these have all been limited to the external aspects of our individual and collective lives.;Daisaku Ikeda;science
The most important thing we can do is inspire young minds and to advance the kind of science, math and technology education that will help youngsters take us to the next phase of space travel.;John Glenn;science
Science always uses metaphor.;James Lovelock;science
If you start any large theory, such as quantum mechanics, plate tectonics, evolution, it takes about 40 years for mainstream science to come around. Gaia has been going for only 30 years or so.;James Lovelock;science
Fudging the data in any way whatsoever is quite literally a sin against the holy ghost of science. I'm not religious, but I put it that way because I feel so strongly. It's the one thing you do not ever do. You've got to have standards.;James Lovelock;science
What I like about sceptics is that in good science you need critics that make you think: 'Crumbs, have I made a mistake here?' If you don't have that continuously, you really are up the creek. The good sceptics have done a good service, but some of the mad ones I think have not done anyone any favours.;James Lovelock;science
Faulkner is a writer who has had much to do with my soul, but Hemingway is the one who had the most to do with my craft - not simply for his books, but for his astounding knowledge of the aspect of craftsmanship in the science of writing.;Gabriel Garcia Marquez;science
Science fiction films are not about science. They are about disaster, which is one of the oldest subjects of art.;Susan Sontag;science
This means that to entrust to science - or to deliberate control according to scientific principles - more than scientific method can achieve may have deplorable effects.;Friedrich August von Hayek;science
