Religion is doing a man does not merely think his religion or feel it, he lives his religion as much as he is able, otherwise it is not religion but fantasy or philosophy.;George Gurdjieff;religion
I'm very interested in religion as something to study, but I'm not a religious person in the slightest.;Daniel Radcliffe;religion
Religion leaves no room for human complexity.;Daniel Radcliffe;religion
Islam is a violent, I was going to say religion, but it's not a religion. It's a political system. It's a violent political system bent on the overthrow of the governments of the world and world domination. That is the ultimate aim.;Pat Robertson;religion
Plato's philosophy is a dignified preface to future religion.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;religion
He who has religion will speak poetry. But philosophy is the tool with which to seek and discover religion.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;religion
Religion is absolutely unfathomable. Always and everywhere one can dig more deeply into infinities.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;religion
In the world of language, or in other words in the world of art and liberal education, religion necessarily appears as mythology or as Bible.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;religion
Set religion free, and a new humanity will begin.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;religion
The difference between religion and morality lies simply in the classical division of things into the divine and the human, if one only interprets this correctly.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;religion
Religion is not only a part of education, an element of humanity, but the center of everything else, always the first and the ultimate, the absolutely original.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;religion
The enemy is not just terrorism. It is the threat posed specifically by Islamist terrorism, by Bin Ladin and others who draw on a long tradition of extreme intolerance within a minority strain of Islam that does not distinguish politics from religion, and distorts both.;John Cornyn;religion
If faith is lost, there is no security and there is no life for him who does not adhere to religion.;Muhammad Iqbal;religion
Religion is the last refuge of human savagery.;Alfred North Whitehead;religion
I don't normally talk about my religion publicly because I don't want people to associate me and my flaws with this beautiful thing. And I believe it is beautiful if you learn it the right way.;Dave Chappelle;religion
I'm not defined by where I came from. I never took part in the rules and hatred that sometimes go along with religion. But if my parents are happy with what they believe, then I'm happy to stay out of their way. We agree to disagree.;Katy Perry;religion
I think that what went wrong with religion is the same thing that went wrong with politics. Is that it became too money based and too controlling. It's just a weakness that we human beings have for control - we want one thing and then we want more and then we want more.;Dave Davies;religion
There is a very intimate connection between hypnotic phenomena and religion.;Havelock Ellis;religion
All theory of modernity in sociology suggests that the more modernity there is, the less religion. In my theory we can realize that this is wrong: atheism is only one belief system among many.;Ulrich Beck;religion
All outward forms of religion are almost useless, and are the causes of endless strife. Believe there is a great power silently working all things for good, behave yourself and never mind the rest.;Beatrix Potter;religion
From the age of fifteen, dogma has been the fundamental principle of my religion: I know no other religion I cannot enter into the idea of any other sort of religion religion, as a mere sentiment, is to me a dream and a mockery.;John Henry Newman;religion
There is one thing higher than Royalty: and that is religion, which causes us to leave the world, and seek God.;Elizabeth I;religion
The trouble with many men is that they have got just enough religion to make them miserable. If there is not joy in religion, you have got a leak in your religion.;Billy Sunday;religion
Sex is the mysticism of materialism and the only possible religion in a materialistic society.;Malcolm Muggeridge;religion
If you look at U.S. history through religious history, there is very much a motif that shows the importance religion has played in the U.S. We're a very religious country and it affects the way we look at various political issues.;Madeleine Albright;religion
After all, enforced national bilingualism in this country isn't mere policy. It has attained the status of a religion. It's a dogma which one is supposed to accept without question.;Stephen Harper;religion
Human rights is a universal standard. It is a component of every religion and every civilization.;Shirin Ebadi;religion
Religious wars are not caused by the fact that there is more than one religion, but by the spirit of intolerance... the spread of which can only be regarded as the total eclipse of human reason.;Charles de Secondat;religion
I love the idea of the teachings of Jesus Christ and the beautiful stories about it, which I loved in Sunday school and I collected all the little stickers and put them in my book. But the reality is that organised religion doesn't seem to work. It turns people into hateful lemmings and it's not really compassionate.;Elton John;religion
I don't believe in organized religion - I dealt with them hand in hand, and a whole bunch of Catholic priests tried to molest me. Telling me I was gay and I should go home with them and stuff.;Jonathan Davis;religion
There are lots of people out there who think they know the truth about God and religion, but does anybody really know for sure? That's why the founding fathers built freedom of religious belief into the structure of this nation, so that everybody could make up their minds for themselves.;Jesse Ventura;religion
But let's just say, I'm Irish. I grew up in the 1950s. Religion had a very tight iron fist.;Liam Neeson;religion
I think Muslims have become the new Negroes in America. They are being mistreated at airports, by the Immigration - everywhere. Islam is a religion of peace. They are wrong.;Jermaine Jackson;religion
Religion can be the enemy of God. It's often what happens when God, like Elvis, has left the building.;Bono;religion
Religion doesn't play any part in my life in terms of how I live my life. But I don't think I've ever gone through a day in my life without hearing someone say the word 'Jew' or saying it myself.;Larry David;religion
I've found a more personal, pagan kind of religion to satisfy the spiritual side of things.;Julian Clary;religion
Not every religion has to have St. Augustine's attitude to sex. Why even in our culture marriages are celebrated in a church, everyone present knows what is going to happen that night, but that doesn't prevent it being a religious ceremony.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;religion
It may be that religion is dead, and if it is, we had better know it and set ourselves to try to discover other sources of moral strength before it is too late.;Pearl S. Buck;religion
The major civilizing force in the world is not religion, it is sex.;Hugh Hefner;religion
Being a rock star is like being a cult leader - you really have to be in your own religion.;Courtney Love;religion
I mean, I went to a Catholic boys' school for a year, but that was to play hockey. Religion class was quite contentious for me.;Keanu Reeves;religion
There's no religion but sex and music.;Sting;religion
Go beyond science, into the region of metaphysics. Real religion is beyond argument. It can only be lived both inwardly and outwardly.;Swami Sivananda;religion
No philosophy, no religion, has ever brought so glad a message to the world as this good news of Atheism.;Annie Besant;religion
It's been mentioned or suggested that Paradise will not be well studied, because it's about this unimportant intellectual topic, which is religion.;Toni Morrison;religion
Organized religion is a sham and a crutch for weak-minded people who need strength in numbers. It tells people to go out and stick their noses in other people's business.;Jesse Ventura;religion
My faith is very private to me. It plays an important part in my life, but I do not try and throw my beliefs at others. I have tremendous respect for all faiths and beliefs, but have a deep concern that religion and faith are currently a long way apart from each other.;Rick Wakeman;religion
Nothing has done more to separate and divide human beings one from another than exclusivist organized religion.;Neale Donald Walsch;religion
To become a popular religion, it is only necessary for a superstition to enslave a philosophy.;William Ralph Inge;religion
If I were going to convert to any religion I would probably choose Catholicism because it at least has female saints and the Virgin Mary.;Margaret Atwood;religion
But like a born actor who only really wants to direct, Gingrich has always been unsatisfied with what he's brilliant at. He can't still his hunger to deliver grand pronouncements on life, liberalism, conservatism, religion and whatever else swims into his consciousness.;John Podhoretz;religion
What the feminists want of me is something they haven't examined because it comes from religion. They want me to bear witness.;Doris Lessing;religion
Every fundamentalist movement I've studied in Judaism, Christianity and Islam is convinced at some gut, visceral level that secular liberal society wants to wipe out religion.;Karen Armstrong;religion
More people have been slaughtered in the name of religion than for any other single reason. That, my friends, that is true perversion.;Harvey Milk;religion
When Christians start thinking about Jesus, things start breaking down, they lose their faith. It's perfectly possible to go to church every Sunday and not ask any questions, just because you like it as a way of life. They fear that if they ask questions they'll lose their Christ, the very linchpin of their religion.;A. N. Wilson;religion
I also like to look at the dynamic that takes place between religion and science because, in a way, both are asking the same questions: Who are we? Where do we come from? Why are we here? Where are we going? The methodologies are diametrically opposed, but their motivation is the same the wellspring is the same in both cases.;J. Michael Straczynski;religion
Religion which lays so many restraints upon us, is a troublesome companion to those who will lay no restraints upon themselves.;Laurence Sterne;religion
I've had trouble now and again in Nigeria because I have spoken up about the mistreatment of factions in the country because of difference in religion. These are things we should put behind us.;Chinua Achebe;religion
Fear of things invisible in the natural seed of that which everyone in himself calleth religion.;Thomas Hobbes;religion
The earth is the Lord's fullness thereof: this is no longer a hollow dictum of religion, but a directive for economic action toward human brotherhood.;Lewis Mumford;religion
I do not know how to teach philosophy without becoming a disturber of established religion.;Baruch Spinoza;religion
Indeed, in view of its function, religion stands in greater need of a rational foundation of its ultimate principles than even the dogmas of science.;Muhammad Iqbal;religion
Yet higher religion, which is only a search for a larger life, is essentially experience and recognized the necessity of experience as its foundation long before science learnt to do so.;Muhammad Iqbal;religion
Whatever you may think of the proposed mosque and community center, lost in the heat of the debate has been a basic question: Should government attempt to deny private citizens the right to build a house of worship on private property based on their particular religion?;Michael Bloomberg;religion
But in terms of how people live together, how we minimize the prospects of conflict and maximize the prospects of peace, the place of religion in our society today is essential.;Tony Blair;religion
More than this, even in those white men who professed religion we found much inconsistency of conduct. They spoke much of spiritual things, while seeking only the material.;Charles Eastman;religion
I believe in the separation of church and state, but I do not believe in the separation of politics from religion.;Rick Warren;religion
Islam is a religion of success. Unlike Christianity, which has as its main image, in the west at least, a man dying in a devastating, disgraceful, helpless death.;Karen Armstrong;religion
The First Amendment freedom of religion is as important today as when the Bill of Rights was first written.;Arlen Specter;religion
Religion, for better or for worse, has been politicized in blatant ways that have seldom been equaled in American elections.;Tony Campolo;religion
What is especially important is addressing the question of how religion can be enforced through political means and what can be done to create a political environment that, on the one hand, acknowledges the role of religion in society, while on the other hand does not impose one religion on the populace at the expense of all others.;Tony Campolo;religion
There is no doubt that religion had already waned under the onslaught of the Enlightenment, but it was Freud who provided the radically new understanding of human nature that made any religious explanation of the whats and whys of our personhood seem naive.;Tony Campolo;religion
Who's to say that there is any more support for Freud's psychoanalytic concept of the superego than there is for that old time religion that asserted that there is a God who ordains what is right and wrong, and that His righteousness endures for all generations?;Tony Campolo;religion
As soon as beauty is sought not from religion and love, but for pleasure, it degrades the seeker.;Annie Dillard;religion
From faith, hope, and love, the virtues of religion referring to God, there arises a double act which bears on the spiritual communion exercised between God and us the hearing of the word and prayer.;William Ames;religion
These days politics, religion, media seem to get all mixed up. Television became the new religion a long time back and the media has taken over.;Van Morrison;religion
Religion needs a baptism of horse sense.;Billy Sunday;religion
I think it's perfectly just to refuse service to anyone based on behavior, but not based on race or religion.;Dean Koontz;religion
True religion... is giving and finding one's happiness by bringing happiness into the lives of others.;William J. H. Boetcker;religion
No, the religion of Jesus is a social religion.;George Whitefield;religion
So, basically, my view is I don't want to support the exploitation of animals, and within reason, I will do what I can to avoid it, but it's not like it's a religion for me. It's not like I consider I'm polluted if somehow some bit of milk or cheese or something passes my lips.;Peter Singer;religion
You have this mounting aggressive ignorance with the rabbit's foot of their particular religion. You don't really have any kind of spiritual law, just a kind of a rabid mental illness. The songs are a little slice of life.;Joni Mitchell;religion
Religion enables us to ignore nothingness and get on with the jobs of life.;John Updike;religion
A man will do more for his stubbornness than for his religion or his country.;E. W. Howe;religion
I love religion.;Jessica Simpson;religion
I have a problem with religion that makes it so, like, 'We are the ones. We are the chosen ones.';Cher;religion
Leftism seeks to undo most of the values that are distinct to Judeo-Christian religion.;Dennis Prager;religion
The Left is doing to America what it has done to almost everything it has deeply influenced - the arts, the university, religion, culture, minorities, Europe: ruining it.;Dennis Prager;religion
Beside all this I think there was something personal, being Muslim myself who lived in the west I felt that it was my obligation my duty to tell the truth about Islam. It is a religion that has a 700 million following, yet it's so little known about it which surprised me.;Moustapha Akkad;religion
It is not classified as a pagan religion. The so-called New Age activities and this are not called religions and therefore don't come under the prohibition of mingling church and state that we have in this country.;Dixie Lee Ray;religion
The Establishment Clause prohibits government from making adherence to a religion relevant in any way to a person's standing in the political community.;Sandra Day O'Connor;religion
I hate organized religion. I think you have to love thy neighbor as thyself. I think you have to pick your own God and be true to him. I always say 'him' rather than 'her.' Maybe it's because of my generation, but I don't like the idea of a female God. I see God as a benevolent male.;Julia Child;religion
Let us not seek to bring religion to others, but let us endeavor to live it ourselves.;Paul Tournier;religion
Resist this war on God, freedom of religion and freedom of speech.;Benjamin Carson;religion
Among politicians the esteem of religion is profitable the principles of it are troublesome.;Benjamin Whichcote;religion
The importance that our society attaches to sport is incredible. After all, is football a game or a religion? The people of this country have allowed sports to get completely out of hand.;Howard Cosell;religion
I still love the theology of the Mormon religion and think it is a wonderful way to grow up.;Katherine Heigl;religion
Take away the Book of Mormon and the revelations, and where is our religion? We have none.;Joseph Smith, Jr.;religion
To criticize a person for their race is manifestly irrational and ridiculous, but to criticize their religion, that is a right. That is a freedom.;Rowan Atkinson;religion
