The true method of knowledge is experiment.;William Blake;knowledge
Humility and knowledge in poor clothes excel pride and ignorance in costly attire.;William Penn;knowledge
Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge it is thinking that makes what we read ours.;John Locke;knowledge
As the biggest library if it is in disorder is not as useful as a small but well-arranged one, so you may accumulate a vast amount of knowledge but it will be of far less value than a much smaller amount if you have not thought it over for yourself.;Arthur Schopenhauer;knowledge
The only good is knowledge, and the only evil is ignorance.;Herodotus;knowledge
If education is always to be conceived along the same antiquated lines of a mere transmission of knowledge, there is little to be hoped from it in the bettering of man's future. For what is the use of transmitting knowledge if the individual's total development lags behind?;Maria Montessori;knowledge
Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information upon it.;Samuel Johnson;knowledge
Knowledge is power only if man knows what facts not to bother with.;Robert Staughton Lynd;knowledge
I would rather excel in the knowledge of what is excellent, than in the extent of my power and possessions.;Plutarch;knowledge
I had therefore to remove knowledge, in order to make room for belief.;Immanuel Kant;knowledge
Without knowledge action is useless and knowledge without action is futile.;Abu Bakr;knowledge
No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience.;John Locke;knowledge
This life that has been given to us as a gift, as such a precious gift. To really try to understand it, really try to recognize it, is the greatest meditation. Through the media of this Knowledge we can tap into our inner sources that are so beautiful.;Prem Rawat;knowledge
Our knowledge can only be finite, while our ignorance must necessarily be infinite.;Karl Popper;knowledge
Consider your origins: you were not made to live as brutes, but to follow virtue and knowledge.;Dante Alighieri;knowledge
Knowledge is power. Information is power. The secreting or hoarding of knowledge or information may be an act of tyranny camouflaged as humility.;Robin Morgan;knowledge
Depend upon it there comes a time when for every addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before. It is of the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out the useful ones.;Arthur Conan Doyle;knowledge
They say a little knowledge is a dangerous thing, but it's not one half so bad as a lot of ignorance.;Terry Pratchett;knowledge
Evil being the root of mystery, pain is the root of knowledge.;Simone Weil;knowledge
It is harder to conceal ignorance than to acquire knowledge.;Arnold H. Glasow;knowledge
We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge.;John Naisbitt;knowledge
Knowledge is like money: to be of value it must circulate, and in circulating it can increase in quantity and, hopefully, in value.;Louis L'Amour;knowledge
Cherish that which is within you, and shut off that which is without for much knowledge is a curse.;Zhuangzi;knowledge
If you first fortify yourself with the true knowledge of the Universal Self, and then live in the midst of wealth and worldliness, surely they will in no way affect you.;Ramakrishna;knowledge
The knower and the known are one. Simple people imagine that they should see God as if he stood there and they here. This is not so. God and I, we are one in knowledge.;Meister Eckhart;knowledge
To be educated, a person doesn't have to know much or be informed, but he or she does have to have been exposed vulnerably to the transformative events of an engaged human life.;Thomas More;knowledge
Without self knowledge, without understanding the working and functions of his machine, man cannot be free, he cannot govern himself and he will always remain a slave.;G. I. Gurdjieff;knowledge
Even knowledge has to be in the fashion, and where it is not, it is wise to affect ignorance.;Baltasar Gracian;knowledge
We live on an island surrounded by a sea of ignorance. As our island of knowledge grows, so does the shore of our ignorance.;John Archibald Wheeler;knowledge
Every addition to true knowledge is an addition to human power.;Horace Mann;knowledge
Knowledge is the life of the mind.;Abu Bakr;knowledge
Knowledge is the eye of desire and can become the pilot of the soul.;Will Durant;knowledge
When a man's knowledge is not in order, the more of it he has the greater will be his confusion.;Herbert Spencer;knowledge
I think we risk becoming the best informed society that has ever died of ignorance.;Ruben Blades;knowledge
To acquire knowledge, one must study but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.;Marilyn vos Savant;knowledge
Any knowledge that doesn't lead to new questions quickly dies out: it fails to maintain the temperature required for sustaining life.;Wislawa Szymborska;knowledge
The ability to perceive or think differently is more important than the knowledge gained.;David Bohm;knowledge
Knowledge is not a passion from without the mind, but an active exertion of the inward strength, vigor and power of the mind, displaying itself from within.;Ralph Cudworth;knowledge
I'm hungry for knowledge. The whole thing is to learn every day, to get brighter and brighter. That's what this world is about. You look at someone like Gandhi, and he glowed. Martin Luther King glowed. Muhammad Ali glows. I think that's from being bright all the time, and trying to be brighter.;Jay-Z;knowledge
Never stop learning knowledge doubles every fourteen months.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;knowledge
The knowledge of yourself will preserve you from vanity.;Miguel de Cervantes;knowledge
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.;Margaret Fuller;knowledge
It is one of my sources of happiness never to desire a knowledge of other people's business.;Dolley Madison;knowledge
The knowledge of anything, since all things have causes, is not acquired or complete unless it is known by its causes.;Avicenna;knowledge
Having knowledge but lacking the power to express it clearly is no better than never having any ideas at all.;Pericles;knowledge
A man of knowledge lives by acting, not by thinking about acting.;Carlos Castaneda;knowledge
We don't know all the answers. If we knew all the answers we'd be bored, wouldn't we? We keep looking, searching, trying to get more knowledge.;Jack LaLanne;knowledge
I'll come to you with gifts of knowledge, wisdom and truth.;Barry White;knowledge
To know what you know and what you do not know, that is true knowledge.;Kong Fu Zi;knowledge
Knowledge is soon changed, then lost in the mist, an echo half-heard.;Gene Wolfe;knowledge
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.;Thomas Carlyle;knowledge
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.;Audrey Hepburn;knowledge
Imagination is more important than knowledge.;Albert Einstein;knowledge
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will.;Vince Lombardi;knowledge
The only source of knowledge is experience.;Albert Einstein;knowledge
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.;Albert Einstein;knowledge
Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods.;Albert Einstein;knowledge
Science investigates religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power religion gives man wisdom which is control.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;knowledge
Beware of false knowledge it is more dangerous than ignorance.;George Bernard Shaw;knowledge
The gift of fantasy has meant more to me than my talent for absorbing positive knowledge.;Albert Einstein;knowledge
There comes a time when the mind takes a higher plane of knowledge but can never prove how it got there.;Albert Einstein;knowledge
The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises.;Leo Buscaglia;knowledge
Faith is a knowledge within the heart, beyond the reach of proof.;Khalil Gibran;knowledge
A thorough knowledge of the Bible is worth more than a college education.;Theodore Roosevelt;knowledge
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.;Benjamin Franklin;knowledge
Knowledge will give you power, but character respect.;Bruce Lee;knowledge
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.;Khalil Gibran;knowledge
Carry out a random act of kindness, with no expectation of reward, safe in the knowledge that one day someone might do the same for you.;Princess Diana;knowledge
It takes considerable knowledge just to realize the extent of your own ignorance.;Thomas Sowell;knowledge
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.;Friedrich Nietzsche;knowledge
I think this is the most extraordinary collection of talent, of human knowledge, that has ever been gathered at the White House - with the possible exception of when Thomas Jefferson dined alone.;John F. Kennedy;knowledge
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.;Socrates;knowledge
Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel.;Augustus Hare;knowledge
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.;Jimi Hendrix;knowledge
The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.;John F. Kennedy;knowledge
True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance.;Henry David Thoreau;knowledge
Knowledge will forever govern ignorance and a people who mean to be their own governors must arm themselves with the power which knowledge gives.;James Madison;knowledge
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.;Plato;knowledge
I wash my hands of those who imagine chattering to be knowledge, silence to be ignorance, and affection to be art.;Khalil Gibran;knowledge
The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance.;Benjamin Franklin;knowledge
Knowledge of the self is the mother of all knowledge. So it is incumbent on me to know my self, to know it completely, to know its minutiae, its characteristics, its subtleties, and its very atoms.;Khalil Gibran;knowledge
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.;Robert Fulghum;knowledge
The person you consider ignorant and insignificant is the one who came from God, that he might learn bliss from grief and knowledge from gloom.;Khalil Gibran;knowledge
The goal of education is the advancement of knowledge and the dissemination of truth.;John F. Kennedy;knowledge
All men by nature desire knowledge.;Aristotle;knowledge
The one exclusive sign of thorough knowledge is the power of teaching.;Aristotle;knowledge
Wonder rather than doubt is the root of all knowledge.;Abraham Joshua Heschel;knowledge
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.;Isaac Asimov;knowledge
Knowledge cultivates your seeds and does not sow in your seeds.;Khalil Gibran;knowledge
If the Great Way perishes there will morality and duty. When cleverness and knowledge arise great lies will flourish. When relatives fall out with one another there will be filial duty and love. When states are in confusion there will be faithful servants.;Lao Tzu;knowledge
Those who have knowledge, don't predict. Those who predict, don't have knowledge.;Lao Tzu;knowledge
Our treasure lies in the beehive of our knowledge. We are perpetually on the way thither, being by nature winged insects and honey gatherers of the mind.;Friedrich Nietzsche;knowledge
After all manner of professors have done their best for us, the place we are to get knowledge is in books. The true university of these days is a collection of books.;Albert Camus;knowledge
The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: Be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge.;Elbert Hubbard;knowledge
There is one quality which one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to possess it.;Napoleon Hill;knowledge
In a battle all you need to make you fight is a little hot blood and the knowledge that it's more dangerous to lose than to win.;George Bernard Shaw;knowledge
Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, and not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.;Charles Darwin;knowledge
Where is the Life we have lost in living? Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?;T. S. Eliot;knowledge
Good nature is worth more than knowledge, more than money, more than honor, to the persons who possess it.;Henry Ward Beecher;knowledge
