I would argue that we have a generation of young people, particularly minorities, who are no longer putting up with the kinds of things their parents put up with. They're much more self-confident. It's no longer acceptable to make fun of people because of race or sex. But it has always been present in American society.;Donna Shalala;society
What is a society without a heroic dimension?;Jean Baudrillard;society
We are now integrated into American society and I don't like the word fashionable, because fashionable means that it's going to pass. It's not like that anymore.;Antonio Banderas;society
I know what it feels like to carry a lot of weight in a society that's very image-conscious. It's a thin person's world, and we try to navigate within it without being made fun of.;Kevin Smith;society
If you say, I'm for equal pay, that's a reform. But if you say. I'm a feminist, that's a transformation of society.;Gloria Steinem;society
We from every religion feel comfortable in Britain because there is a host. The Church of England is a good host, it has been a major force in shaping England into such a tolerant society.;Jonathan Sacks;society
If you want a free society, teach your children what oppression tastes like. Tell them how many miracles it takes to get from here to there. Above all, encourage them to ask questions. Teach them to think for themselves.;Jonathan Sacks;society
Religion is the best antidote to the individualism of the consumer age. The idea that society can do without it flies in the face of history and, now, evolutionary biology.;Jonathan Sacks;society
In virtually every Western society in the 1960s there was a moral revolution, an abandonment of its entire traditional ethic of self-restraint.;Jonathan Sacks;society
Britain, relative to the U.S., is a highly secular society. Philanthropy alone cannot fill the gap left by government cutbacks. And the sources of altruism go deep into our evolutionary past.;Jonathan Sacks;society
We do not always appreciate the role the Queen has played in one of the most significant changes in the past 60 years: the transformation of Britain into a multi-ethnic, multi-faith society. No one does interfaith better than the Royal family, and it starts with the Queen herself.;Jonathan Sacks;society
Stabilizing the euro is one thing, healing the culture that surrounds it is another. A world in which material values are everything and spiritual values nothing is neither a stable state nor a good society. The time has come for us to recover the Judeo-Christian ethic of human dignity in the image of God.;Jonathan Sacks;society
In thinking about religion and society in the 21st century, we should broaden the conversation about faith from doctrinal debates to the larger question of how it might inspire us to strengthen the bonds of belonging that redeem us from our solitude, helping us to construct together a gracious and generous social order.;Jonathan Sacks;society
A society in which there are high levels of voluntary activity will simply be a better, happier place than one where there are not.;Jonathan Sacks;society
The primary victims of Katrina, those who were given the least help by the government, those rescued last or not at all, were overwhelmingly people of color largely hidden from the mainstream of society.;Jonathan Kozol;society
Eisenhower warned us about the military-industrial complex and the damage it could do to society.;will.i.am;society
The functions of the family in a highly differentiated society are not to be interpreted as functions directly on behalf of the society, but on behalf of personality.;Talcott Parsons;society
Modernity, the child of the Enlightenment, failed when it became apparent that the good society cannot be achieved by unaided reason.;Robert Bork;society
The great hope of society is in individual character.;William Ellery Channing;society
We do a disservice to society if we ignore the evidence which shows that stable families tend to be associated with better outcomes for children.;Iain Duncan Smith;society
If you look at the footballers, you look at our celebrity culture, we seem to be saying, 'This is the way you want to be'. We seem to be a society that celebrates all the wrong people.;Iain Duncan Smith;society
We have to challenge the whole idea that it's acceptable for a society like Britain to have such a significant number of people who do not work one day of the week and don't have any possibility of improving the quality of their lives.;Iain Duncan Smith;society
AIDS is not just God's punishment for homosexuals it is God's punishment for the society that tolerates homosexuals.;Jerry Falwell;society
I'm afraid for all those who'll have the bread snatched from their mouths by these machines. What business has science and capitalism got, bringing all these new inventions into the works, before society has produced a generation educated up to using them!;Henrik Ibsen;society
What I've always said is that I'm opposed to institutional racism, and I would've, had I've been alive at the time, I think, had the courage to march with Martin Luther King to overturn institutional racism, and I see no place in our society for institutional racism.;Rand Paul;society
Since I have come to America, I am often asked whether my next novel will be set in America. I don't think it will. I think I will be living in America for some time to come, but while living in America, I would like to write about Japanese society from the outside.;Haruki Murakami;society
If you want to use a cliche you must take full responsibility for it yourself and not try to fob it off on anon., or on society.;Lewis Thomas;society
The U.K. needs a system for family migration underpinned by three simple principles. One: that those who come here should do so on the basis of a genuine relationship. Two: that migrants should be able to pay their way. And three: that they are able to integrate into British society.;Theresa May;society
Every society rests in the last resort on the recognition of common principles and common ideals, and if it makes no moral or spiritual appeal to the loyalty of its members, it must inevitably fall to pieces.;Christopher Dawson;society
Standards of conduct appropriate to civil society or the workings of a democracy cannot be purely and simply applied to the Church.;Joseph Ratzinger;society
Every genuine boy is a rebel and an anarch. If he were allowed to develop according to his own instincts, his own inclinations, society would undergo such a radical transformation as to make the adult revolutionary cower and cringe.;John Andrew Holmes;society
Most of them are pretty down records, pretty unhappy, pretty confused. Which only reflects how people in general were feeling, I mean really the sense that you get is society running down.;Lester Bangs;society
As far as a truly radical conscience, you have to take it as part of a larger thing, that it was sort of historical inevitability that with the coming of a leaguer society people would start to use drugs a lot more then they had before.;Lester Bangs;society
We are not just here to manage capitalism but to change society and to define its finer values.;Tony Benn;society
The role of art in society differs for every artist.;Maya Lin;society
Popular art is the dream of society it does not examine itself.;Margaret Atwood;society
You don't realize how much you use your credit card not even to buy things. It's a card you get so you can navigate society.;Adam Carolla;society
A lot of guys and people in our society think that chicks just love dudes with money. Chicks love dudes who are successful who happen to have money - do you know what I mean? Chicks are attracted to dudes that are doing their own thing.;Adam Carolla;society
It's very hard to imagine the phrase 'consumer society' used so cheerfully, and interpreted so enthusiastically, in England.;Julie Burchill;society
As I get older I think, contrary to modern assumption but in line with the old Lerner and Lowe song, that it would actually benefit both them and society if - to quote Professor Higgins - a woman could be more like a man.;Julie Burchill;society
Society has to change, but the political powers we have at the moment are not enough to effect this change. The whole democratic system would have to be rethought.;Jose Saramago;society
It has to be real, and I think a lot of the problems we have as a society is because we don't acknowledge that family is important, and it has to be people who are present, you know, and mothers and fathers, both are not present enough with children.;James Earl Jones;society
What does Burma have to give the United States? We can give you the opportunity to engage with people who are ready and willing to change a society.;Aung San Suu Kyi;society
The wisdom and experience of older people is a resource of inestimable worth. Recognizing and treasuring the contributions of older people is essential to the long-term flourishing of any society.;Daisaku Ikeda;society
In the past, human society provided encouragement and opportunity for people to extend support to each other, especially in highly stressful situations.;Daisaku Ikeda;society
Divorced from the cosmos, from nature, from society and from each other, we have become fractured and fragmented.;Daisaku Ikeda;society
I have for some time urged that a nuclear abolition summit to mark the effective end of the nuclear era be convened in Hiroshima and Nagasaki on the 70th anniversary of the bombings of those cities, with the participation of national leaders and representatives of global civil society.;Daisaku Ikeda;society
Where there is an absence of international political leadership, civil society should step in to fill the gap, providing the energy and vision needed to move the world in a new and better direction.;Daisaku Ikeda;society
The negative side of football. The negative side of our society. People sometimes go to football and bring to it the negative aspects of our society.;Jose Mourinho;society
The more equality women have, the fairer, more civilized and tolerant society will be. Sexual equality is a lot more effective against terrorism than military strength.;Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero;society
But the truth of the matter is, we're an open society, we want to remain an open society, and there will continue to be vulnerability. That's why we have to meet the threats when they are not yet taking place on our territory and on our soil.;Condoleezza Rice;society
Possibly because I grew up not feeling very confident about my own physical appearance, I developed internal devices so that I could integrate into society.;Shirley Manson;society
Our whole society is instantaneous.;Bryan Cranston;society
Something's happened in our society which I don't think is beneficial, and that's that you see the public being fed box-office news. Newscasts now, every local station - I've been traveling around the country a lot, and you see the local news, and they give box-office reports.;Bryan Cranston;society
I, for one, would think both about how far we have come as a country and how much further we need to go to erase racism and discrimination from our society.;Charles Rangel;society
I started out in engineering. I was a geophysical engineer. Throughout the course of my life I've done a lot of strange jobs, and the effect has been to make me think a little more skeptically about our capitalist society.;George Saunders;society
We must not become the new puritans and reject our society. We must address and master the future together. It can be done if we restore the belief that we share a sense of national community, that we share a common national endeavor. It can be done.;Barbara Jordan;society
While I'm not a celebrity, it's such a weird concept that society has cooked up for us. Astronauts and teachers are much more amazing than actors.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;society
I think the debate in our society now is that people have to agree on zero-tolerance to terrorism.;King Abdullah II;society
The warrior may fight for gold or for an immediate gain, or for something to take home for the winter to feed the family. The soldier is part of a more complex society. He's fighting for a group ethic of some sort.;C. J. Cherryh;society
There is in us a lyric germ or nucleus which deserves respect it bids a man to ponder or create and in this dim corner of himself he can take refuge and find consolations which the society of his fellow creatures does not provide.;Norman Douglas;society
We have a society in which one of the greatest things you can do is a platform to see victim status, and one of the qualifications for that is that you have these exquisitely tender feelings about things and sensibilities which are easily offended.;Brit Hume;society
Today is a celebration of hope for the Iraqi people. The Iraqi people can now take control of their government and their future by creating a society that protects the rights endowed to us by our creator - life, liberty and freedom.;Jim DeMint;society
Every society and religion has rules, for both have moral laws. And the essence of morality consists, as in art, of drawing the line somewhere.;Huston Smith;society
We don't need sugar to live, and we don't need it as a society.;Mehmet Oz;society
You just let your lower self go, and then it takes on all these aspects of the society - the city with horns blowing, the people yelling things at each other, and the all-in-all violence and chaos of the city. Put that on stage with music, and that's what this is.;Alice Cooper;society
The first sign of corruption in a society that is still alive is that the end justifies the means.;Georges Bernanos;society
In the 18th century, James Hargreaves invented the Spinning Jenny, and Richard Arkwright pioneered the water-propelled spinning frame which led to the mass production of cotton. This was truly revolutionary. The cotton manufacturers created a whole new class of people - the urban proletariat. The structure of society itself would never be the same.;A. N. Wilson;society
My grandmother was a kind of Scarsdale, New York, society woman, best known in her day as the author of the 1959 book 'Growing Your Own Way: An Informal Guide for Teen-Agers' - this despite being a person whose parenting style made Joan Crawford's wire hangers look like pool noodles.;Sloane Crosley;society
I chose America as my home because I value freedom and democracy, civil liberties and an open society.;George Soros;society
There are few better measures of the concern a society has for its individual members and its own well being than the way it handles criminals.;Ramsey Clark;society
But the development of human society does not go straight forward and the epic process will therefore be a recurring process, the series a recurring series - though not in exact repetition.;Lascelles Abercrombie;society
The Border Ballads, for instance, and the Robin Hood Ballads, clearly suppose a state of society which is nothing but a very circumscribed and not very important heroic age.;Lascelles Abercrombie;society
When you look at where the real problems are among minorities in our society, particularly blacks, it's at the bottom. It's the people who are in school systems that don't educate, neighborhoods where there is a lot of crime, drugs, the whole bit.;Clarence Thomas;society
This could never be a crime in any society which deems himself enlightened.;Jack Kevorkian;society
We should like to have some towering geniuses, to reveal us to ourselves in colour and fire, but of course they would have to fit into the pattern of our society and be able to take orders from sound administrative types.;J. B. Priestley;society
I want to initiate a change in society in the long term.;Francois Hollande;society
One thing that makes France different from other countries is the tradition of social solidarity. People from all backgrounds and political positions are willing to contribute for services and protection of society as a whole - but on the condition that money is being spent effectively and that everyone is paying their part.;Francois Hollande;society
History is full of people who went to prison or were burned at the stake for proclaiming their ideas. Society has always defended itself.;Naguib Mahfouz;society
I believe society has a right to defend itself, just as the individual has the right to attack that with which he disagrees.;Naguib Mahfouz;society
I defend both the freedom of expression and society's right to counter it. I must pay the price for differing. It is the natural way of things.;Naguib Mahfouz;society
Are we Darwinists - where we live and let live? Or are we nurturing as a society? There has to be a standard of living that we decide to support.;Mario Batali;society
Everything in our society is so purposeful.;Sara Blakely;society
I started thinking about joy. Everything in our society is so purposeful. Let's bring joy back to the experience.;Sara Blakely;society
Society needs to condemn a little more and understand a little less.;John Major;society
Has there ever been a society which has died of dissent? Several have died of conformity in our lifetime.;Jacob Bronowski;society
I am sure it must be true that people opt out of the mainstream society because they feel that there are going to be no rewards for them, if they stay.;Mary Douglas;society
All are agreed, that the increase of learning and good morals are great blessings to society.;Joseph Lancaster;society
In a multi-racial society, trust, understanding and tolerance are the cornerstones of peace and order.;Kamisese Mara;society
The first task in teaching is to bring to consciousness what the students already believe by virtue of their personal experiences about themselves and society.;Paul Wellstone;society
Those born into poverty or on the margins of society require our extra support to realize their dreams.;Novak Djokovic;society
Well, marriage is a very important part of our culture and our society. If we want to have a hopeful and decent society, we ought to aim for the ideal.;Karl Rove;society
The idealists will always be in society, and we will survive.;John Zorn;society
That's why for Zakk Wylde's Black Label Society the colors are black and white. There are no gray issues. Life is black and it's white. There's no in-between.;Zakk Wylde;society
In hindsight it may even seem inevitable that a socialist society will starve when it runs out of capitalists.;Larry Niven;society
The problem of how we finance the welfare state should not obscure a separate issue: if each person thinks he has an inalienable right to welfare, no matter what happens to the world, that's not equity, it's just creating a society where you can't ask anything of people.;Jacques Delors;society
I was taught to confront things you can't avoid. Death is one of those things. To live in a society where you're trying not to look at it is stupid because looking at death throws us back into life with more vigour and energy. The fact that flowers don't last for ever makes them beautiful.;Damien Hirst;society
Liberty is to the collective body, what health is to every individual body. Without health no pleasure can be tasted by man without liberty, no happiness can be enjoyed by society.;Henry St. John;society
At its most basic the democratic contract is a simple one: the right to vote comes with a responsibility to society, through tax payments and citizenship.;Lucy Powell;society
