Here in America we are descended in blood and in spirit from revolutionists and rebels - men and women who dare to dissent from accepted doctrine. As their heirs, may we never confuse honest dissent with disloyal subversion.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;men
How could man rejoice in victory and delight in the slaughter of men?;Lao Tzu;men
Not necessity, not desire - no, the love of power is the demon of men. Let them have everything - health, food, a place to live, entertainment - they are and remain unhappy and low-spirited: for the demon waits and waits and will be satisfied.;Friedrich Nietzsche;men
A great value of antiquity lies in the fact that its writings are the only ones that modern men still read with exactness.;Friedrich Nietzsche;men
It doesn't take a hero to order men into battle. It takes a hero to be one of those men who goes into battle.;Norman Schwarzkopf;men
'Evil men have no songs.' How is it that the Russians have songs?;Friedrich Nietzsche;men
I have never found a companion that was so companionable as solitude. We are for the most part more lonely when we go abroad among men than when we stay in our chambers. A man thinking or working is always alone, let him be where he will.;Henry David Thoreau;men
Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;men
The truth is, I've never fooled anyone. I've let men sometimes fool themselves.;Marilyn Monroe;men
The fact is that I find more most men are more open, more generous, and much more stimulating than the majority of females I know.;Marilyn Monroe;men
Men who think that a woman's past love affairs lessen her love for them are usually stupid and weak.;Marilyn Monroe;men
If you spend your life competing with business men, what do you have? A bank account and ulcers!;Marilyn Monroe;men
When it comes to gossip, I have to readily admit men are as guilty as women.;Marilyn Monroe;men
I have noticed... that men usually leave married women alone and are inclined to treat all wives with respect. This is no great credit to married women.;Marilyn Monroe;men
Girls shouldn't worry about being the equal of men in the business world.;Marilyn Monroe;men
Marriage destroyed my relationship with two wonderful men.;Marilyn Monroe;men
I've found men are less likely to let petty things annoy them.;Marilyn Monroe;men
I think one of the basic reasons men make good friends is that they can make up their minds quickly.;Marilyn Monroe;men
Black men don't like to be called 'boys,' but women accept being called 'girls.';Marilyn Monroe;men
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.;Marilyn Monroe;men
Sometimes I've been to a party where no one spoke to me for a whole evening. The men, frightened by their wives or sweeties, would give me a wide berth. And the ladies would gang up in a corner to discuss my dangerous character.;Marilyn Monroe;men
The working men, I'll go by and they'll whistle. At first they whistle because they think, 'Oh, it's a girl. She's got blond hair and she's not out of shape,' and then they say, 'Gosh, it's Marilyn Monroe!';Marilyn Monroe;men
Justice means minding one's own business and not meddling with other men's concerns.;Plato;men
Thank God men cannot fly, and lay waste the sky as well as the earth.;Henry David Thoreau;men
There are people who want to make men's lives more difficult for no other reason than the chance it provides them afterwards to offer their prescription for alleviating life their Christianity, for instance.;Friedrich Nietzsche;men
If women were particular about men's characters, they would never get married at all.;George Bernard Shaw;men
We sleep safe in our beds because rough men stand ready in the night to visit violence on those who would do us harm.;George Orwell;men
All the reasonings of men are not worth one sentiment of women.;Voltaire;men
Wise men, when in doubt whether to speak or to keep quiet, give themselves the benefit of the doubt, and remain silent.;Napoleon Hill;men
All men can see these tactics whereby I conquer, but what none can see is the strategy out of which victory is evolved.;Sun Tzu;men
The Supreme Court has ruled that they cannot have a nativity scene in Washington, D.C. This wasn't for any religious reasons. They couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.;Jay Leno;men
Beware, so long as you live, of judging men by their outward appearance.;Jean de La Fontaine;men
Great indebtedness does not make men grateful, but vengeful and if a little charity is not forgotten, it turns into a gnawing worm.;Friedrich Nietzsche;men
Little men with little minds and little imaginations go through life in little ruts, smugly resisting all changes which would jar their little worlds.;Zig Ziglar;men
Great men, unknown to their generation, have their fame among the great who have preceded them, and all true worldly fame subsides from their high estimate beyond the stars.;Henry David Thoreau;men
Regarding life, the wisest men of all ages have judged alike: it is worthless.;Friedrich Nietzsche;men
Whoever has provoked men to rage against him has always gained a party in his favor, too.;Friedrich Nietzsche;men
A return to first principles in a republic is sometimes caused by the simple virtues of one man. His good example has such an influence that the good men strive to imitate him, and the wicked are ashamed to lead a life so contrary to his example.;Niccolo Machiavelli;men
While civilization has been improving our houses, it has not equally improved the men who are to inhabit them. It has created palaces, but it was not so easy to create noblemen and kings.;Henry David Thoreau;men
When women go wrong, men go right after them.;Mae West;men
Men have become the tools of their tools.;Henry David Thoreau;men
Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;men
It is the most sensual men who need to flee women and torment their bodies.;Friedrich Nietzsche;men
Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe. Civilization is the process of setting man free from men.;Ayn Rand;men
In the course of history, men come to see that iron necessity is neither iron nor necessary.;Friedrich Nietzsche;men
Mothers - especially single mothers - are heroic in their efforts to raise our nation's children, but men must also take responsibility for their children and recognize the impact they have on their families' well-being.;Evan Bayh;men
Being the boss anywhere is lonely. Being a female boss in a world of mostly men is especially so.;Robert Frost;men
In the long run, men hit only what they aim at. Therefore, they had better aim at something high.;Henry David Thoreau;men
I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinions of himself than on the opinions of others.;Marcus Aurelius;men
Power does not corrupt men fools, however, if they get into a position of power, corrupt power.;George Bernard Shaw;men
Few men have virtue to withstand the highest bidder.;George Washington;men
It is an interesting question how far men would retain their relative rank if they were divested of their clothes.;Henry David Thoreau;men
Ten men waiting for me at the door? Send one of them home, I'm tired.;Mae West;men
If you would convince a man that he does wrong, do right. Men will believe what they see.;Henry David Thoreau;men
The law will never make a man free it is men who have got to make the law free.;Henry David Thoreau;men
Love is something far more than desire for sexual intercourse it is the principal means of escape from the loneliness which afflicts most men and women throughout the greater part of their lives.;Bertrand Russell;men
We know but a few men, a great many coats and breeches.;Henry David Thoreau;men
Instead of noblemen, let us have noble villages of men.;Henry David Thoreau;men
Men have a respect for scholarship and learning greatly out of proportion to the use they commonly serve.;Henry David Thoreau;men
I have thought there was some advantage even in death, by which we mingle with the herd of common men.;Henry David Thoreau;men
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.;Elbert Hubbard;men
All men are born with a nose and ten fingers, but no one was born with a knowledge of God.;Voltaire;men
Things that I felt absolutely sure of but a few years ago, I do not believe now. This thought makes me see more clearly how foolish it would be to expect all men to agree with me.;Jim Rohn;men
I'm supposed to have a Ph.D. on the subject of women. But the truth is I've flunked more often than not. I'm very fond of women I admire them. But, like all men, I don't understand them.;Frank Sinatra;men
Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.;Harry S. Truman;men
An American monkey, after getting drunk on brandy, would never touch it again, and thus is much wiser than most men.;Charles Darwin;men
Until the men of action clear out the talkers we who have social consciences are at the mercy of those who have none.;George Bernard Shaw;men
Old men are dangerous: it doesn't matter to them what is going to happen to the world.;George Bernard Shaw;men
Life levels all men. Death reveals the eminent.;George Bernard Shaw;men
Men and women belong to different species and communications between them is still in its infancy.;Bill Cosby;men
Nothing is ever done in this world until men are prepared to kill one another if it is not done.;George Bernard Shaw;men
We learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience.;George Bernard Shaw;men
Men have to do some awfully mean things to keep up their respectability.;George Bernard Shaw;men
Men are wise in proportion, not to their experience, but to their capacity for experience.;George Bernard Shaw;men
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears.;Albert Camus;men
Christmas in Bethlehem. The ancient dream: a cold, clear night made brilliant by a glorious star, the smell of incense, shepherds and wise men falling to their knees in adoration of the sweet baby, the incarnation of perfect love.;Lucinda Franks;men
I am looking for a lot of men who have an infinite capacity to not know what can't be done.;Henry Ford;men
A woman who is willing to be herself and pursue her own potential runs not so much the risk of loneliness, as the challenge of exposure to more interesting men - and people in general.;Lorraine Hansberry;men
The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it.;Ayn Rand;men
We have now sunk to a depth at which restatement of the obvious is the first duty of intelligent men.;George Orwell;men
Wars may be fought with weapons, but they are won by men. It is the spirit of men who follow and of the man who leads that gains the victory.;George S. Patton;men
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.;Theodore Roosevelt;men
Men are only as great as they are kind.;Elbert Hubbard;men
Men are so simple and so much inclined to obey immediate needs that a deceiver will never lack victims for his deceptions.;Niccolo Machiavelli;men
Men are convinced of your arguments, your sincerity, and the seriousness of your efforts only by your death.;Albert Camus;men
Let your Discourse with Men of Business be Short and Comprehensive.;George Washington;men
If any civilization is to survive, it is the morality of altruism that men have to reject.;Ayn Rand;men
Reputation is what men and women think of us character is what God and angels know of us.;Thomas Paine;men
Hockey is a sport for white men. Basketball is a sport for black men. Golf is a sport for white men dressed like black pimps.;Tiger Woods;men
Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal, and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom.;Charles Spurgeon;men
The reason men oppose progress is not that they hate progress, but that they love inertia.;Elbert Hubbard;men
Adversity makes men, and prosperity makes monsters.;Victor Hugo;men
Death is not the worst that can happen to men.;Plato;men
All women have a perception much more developed than men. So all women somehow, being repressed for so many millennia, they ended up by developing this sixth sense and contemplation and love. And this is something that we have a hard time to accept as part of our society.;Paulo Coelho;men
A little philosophy inclineth man's mind to atheism, but depth in philosophy bringeth men's minds about to religion.;Francis Bacon;men
It's not the men in my life that count, it's the life in my men.;Mae West;men
When Jesus comes back, these crazy, greedy, capitalistic men are gonna kill him again.;Mike Tyson;men
The majority of men meet with failure because of their lack of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail.;Napoleon Hill;men
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.;Timothy Leary;men
