People spend too much time finding other people to blame, too much energy finding excuses for not being what they are capable of being, and not enough energy putting themselves on the line, growing out of the past, and getting on with their lives.;J. Michael Straczynski;time
All great achievements require time.;Maya Angelou;time
When I am getting ready to reason with a man, I spend one-third of my time thinking about myself and what I am going to say and two-thirds about him and what he is going to say.;Abraham Lincoln;time
At what point then is the approach of danger to be expected? I answer, if it ever reach us, it must spring up amongst us. It cannot come from abroad. If destruction be our lot, we must ourselves be its author and finisher. As a nation of freemen, we must live through all time, or die by suicide.;Abraham Lincoln;time
Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.;Warren Buffett;time
There is another old poet whose name I do not now remember who said, 'Truth is the daughter of Time.';Abraham Lincoln;time
The time comes upon every public man when it is best for him to keep his lips closed.;Abraham Lincoln;time
Substitute 'damn' every time you're inclined to write 'very' your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be.;Mark Twain;time
We can be tired, weary and emotionally distraught, but after spending time alone with God, we find that He injects into our bodies energy, power and strength.;Charles Stanley;time
A round man cannot be expected to fit in a square hole right away. He must have time to modify his shape.;Mark Twain;time
I'm the one that has to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life, the way I want to.;Jimi Hendrix;time
I decided, very early on, just to accept life unconditionally I never expected it to do anything special for me, yet I seemed to accomplish far more than I had ever hoped. Most of the time it just happened to me without my ever seeking it.;Audrey Hepburn;time
The time is near at hand which must determine whether Americans are to be free men or slaves.;George Washington;time
How did it get so late so soon? Its night before its afternoon. December is here before its June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon?;Dr. Seuss;time
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.;Bruce Lee;time
Winning is not a sometime thing it's an all time thing. You don't win once in a while, you don't do things right once in a while, you do them right all the time. Winning is habit. Unfortunately, so is losing.;Vince Lombardi;time
Love is like a virus. It can happen to anybody at any time.;Maya Angelou;time
Christmas, my child, is love in action. Every time we love, every time we give, it's Christmas.;Dale Evans;time
Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings, so that you shall gain easily what others have labored hard for.;Socrates;time
Let us be sure that those who come after will say of us in our time, that in our time we did everything that could be done. We finished the race we kept them free we kept the faith.;Ronald Reagan;time
Our duty is to encourage every one in his struggle to live up to his own highest idea, and strive at the same time to make the ideal as near as possible to the Truth.;Swami Vivekananda;time
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time.;Julie Andrews;time
This is no time for ease and comfort. It is time to dare and endure.;Winston Churchill;time
It seems like every time you come up something happens to bring you back down.;Tupac Shakur;time
It is a mistake to look too far ahead. Only one link of the chain of destiny can be handled at a time.;Winston Churchill;time
I have made it a rule never to smoke more that one cigar at a time.;Mark Twain;time
The God who gave us life, gave us liberty at the same time.;Thomas Jefferson;time
Man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on.;Winston Churchill;time
Someday, after mastering the winds, the waves, the tides and gravity, we shall harness for God the energies of love, and then, for a second time in the history of the world, man will have discovered fire.;Pierre Teilhard de Chardin;time
Everything that happens once can never happen again. But everything that happens twice will surely happen a third time.;Paulo Coelho;time
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.;Tom Robbins;time
Drugs are a waste of time. They destroy your memory and your self-respect and everything that goes along with with your self-esteem. They're no good at all.;Kurt Cobain;time
Humans are amphibians - half spirit and half animal. As spirits they belong to the eternal world, but as animals they inhabit time.;C. S. Lewis;time
When I am abroad, I always make it a rule never to criticize or attack the government of my own country. I make up for lost time when I come home.;Winston Churchill;time
For time and the world do not stand still. Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or the present are certain to miss the future.;John F. Kennedy;time
One does not leave a convivial party before closing time.;Winston Churchill;time
No idea is so outlandish that it should not be considered with a searching but at the same time a steady eye.;Winston Churchill;time
I was about half in love with her by the time we sat down. That's the thing about girls. Every time they do something pretty... you fall half in love with them, and then you never know where the hell you are.;J. D. Salinger;time
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.;Bertrand Russell;time
When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.;Harriet Beecher Stowe;time
The game of basketball has been everything to me. My place of refuge, place I've always gone where I needed comfort and peace. It's been the site of intense pain and the most intense feelings of joy and satisfaction. It's a relationship that has evolved over time, given me the greatest respect and love for the game.;Michael Jordan;time
It takes time to persuade men to do even what is for their own good.;Thomas Jefferson;time
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.;Marie Curie;time
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.;Thomas Merton;time
New Year's Resolution: To tolerate fools more gladly, provided this does not encourage them to take up more of my time.;James Agate;time
If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions?;Scott Adams;time
My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time.;Steve Jobs;time
Peace is a journey of a thousand miles and it must be taken one step at a time.;Lyndon B. Johnson;time
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.;Dean Acheson;time
In time we hate that which we often fear.;William Shakespeare;time
The only difference between death and taxes is that death doesn't get worse every time Congress meets.;Will Rogers;time
At the end of your life, you will never regret not having passed one more test, not winning one more verdict or not closing one more deal. You will regret time not spent with a husband, a friend, a child, or a parent.;Barbara Bush;time
If it's very painful for you to criticize your friends - you're safe in doing it. But if you take the slightest pleasure in it, that's the time to hold your tongue.;Alice Duer Miller;time
Time spent with cats is never wasted.;Sigmund Freud;time
Dreams have only one owner at a time. That's why dreamers are lonely.;Erma Bombeck;time
A man begins cutting his wisdom teeth the first time he bites off more than he can chew.;Herb Caen;time
Every time I plant a seed, He say kill it before it grow, he say kill it before they grow.;Bob Marley;time
I wasted time, and now doth time waste me.;William Shakespeare;time
If you can look into the seeds of time, and say which grain will grow and which will not, speak then unto me.;William Shakespeare;time
Campaign behavior for wives: Always be on time. Do as little talking as humanly possible. Lean back in the parade car so everybody can see the president.;Eleanor Roosevelt;time
Time and the hour run through the roughest day.;William Shakespeare;time
Long before history began we men have got together apart from the women and done things. We had time.;C. S. Lewis;time
You're just left with yourself all the time, whatever you do anyway. You've got to get down to your own God in your own temple. It's all down to you, mate.;John Lennon;time
Time is more value than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.;Jim Rohn;time
Take time for all things: great haste makes great waste.;Benjamin Franklin;time
Nature hath framed strange fellows in her time.;William Shakespeare;time
When we were children we were grateful to those who filled our stockings at Christmas time. Why are we not grateful to God for filling our stockings with legs?;Gilbert K. Chesterton;time
It is impossible for you to be angry and laugh at the same time. Anger and laughter are mutually exclusive and you have the power to choose either.;Wayne Dyer;time
The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining.;John F. Kennedy;time
Thanksgiving is a time when the world gets to see just how blessed and how workable the Christian system is. The emphasis is not on giving or buying, but on being thankful and expressing that appreciation to God and to one another.;John Clayton;time
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.;Oprah Winfrey;time
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.;Benjamin Franklin;time
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time.;Steven Wright;time
Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans - born in this century, tempered by war, disciplined by a hard and bitter peace.;John F. Kennedy;time
Do not waste your time on Social Questions. What is the matter with the poor is Poverty what is the matter with the rich is Uselessness.;George Bernard Shaw;time
It's time to fundamentally change the way that we do business in Washington. To help build a new foundation for the 21st century, we need to reform our government so that it is more efficient, more transparent, and more creative. That will demand new thinking and a new sense of responsibility for every dollar that is spent.;Barack Obama;time
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;time
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;time
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it.;Oprah Winfrey;time
No matter what time it is, wake me, even if it's in the middle of a Cabinet meeting.;Ronald Reagan;time
Leisure is the time for doing something useful. This leisure the diligent person will obtain the lazy one never.;Benjamin Franklin;time
I existed from all eternity and, behold, I am here and I shall exist till the end of time, for my being has no end.;Khalil Gibran;time
Happiness is the only good. The time to be happy is now. The place to be happy is here. The way to be happy is to make others so.;Robert Green Ingersoll;time
If a man walks in the woods for love of them half of each day, he is in danger of being regarded as a loafer. But if he spends his days as a speculator, shearing off those woods and making the earth bald before her time, he is deemed an industrious and enterprising citizen.;Henry David Thoreau;time
Each year one vicious habit discarded, in time might make the worst of us good.;Benjamin Franklin;time
There never was a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous.;Benjamin Franklin;time
If time be of all things the most precious, wasting time must be the greatest prodigality.;Benjamin Franklin;time
We must use time as a tool, not as a couch.;John F. Kennedy;time
It is a grand mistake to think of being great without goodness and I pronounce it as certain that there was never a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous.;Benjamin Franklin;time
Employ thy time well, if thou meanest to gain leisure.;Benjamin Franklin;time
I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.;Groucho Marx;time
When your time comes to die, be not like those whose hearts are filled with fear of death, so that when their time comes they weep and pray for a little more time to live their lives over again in a different way. Sing your death song, and die like a hero going home.;Tecumseh;time
Beauty is unbearable, drives us to despair, offering us for a minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time.;Albert Camus;time
I've been on a calendar, but I've never been on time.;Marilyn Monroe;time
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.;Napoleon Hill;time
I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time.;Friedrich Nietzsche;time
This time, like all times, is a very good one, if we but know what to do with it.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;time
Little minds have little worries, big minds have no time for worries.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;time
We praise a man who feels angry on the right grounds and against the right persons and also in the right manner at the right moment and for the right length of time.;Aristotle;time
