It takes great wit and interest and energy to be happy. The pursuit of happiness is a great activity. One must be open and alive. It is the greatest feat man has to accomplish.;Robert Herrick;happiness
If you are kept in ignorance of the true way and permit yourself to rely upon and be guided by the opinion of imperfect man, you can never gain the riches that will bring you peace and lasting happiness.;Joseph Franklin Rutherford;happiness
Fate often puts all the material for happiness and prosperity into a man's hands just to see how miserable he can make himself with them.;Don Marquis;happiness
Holiness, not happiness, is the chief end of man.;Oswald Chambers;happiness
Happiness is nothing but temporary moments here and there - and I love those. But I would be bored out of my mind if I were happy all the time.;Zoe Saldana;happiness
I've run into certain geniuses of individualism - they are very few and far between - who live their lives completely on their own terms they are very powerful and have a great amount of happiness. We all should aspire to that.;David Duchovny;happiness
As to happiness in this life it is hardly compatible with that diminished respect which ever attends the relinquishing of labour.;Anthony Trollope;happiness
No human being can really understand another, and no one can arrange another's happiness.;Graham Greene;happiness
There is no correlation between happiness and amounts of money.;Kesha;happiness
Even when they have nothing, the Irish emit a kind of happiness, a joy.;Fiona Shaw;happiness
And of all illumination which human reason can give, none is comparable to the discovery of what we are, our nature, our obligations, what happiness we are capable of, and what are the means of attaining it.;Adam Weishaupt;happiness
As a child is indulged or checked in its early follies, a ground is generally laid for the happiness or misery of the future man.;Samuel Richardson;happiness
Well, there are two kinds of happiness, grounded and ungrounded. Ungrounded happiness is cheesy and not based on reality. Grounded happiness is informed happiness based on the knowledge that the world sometimes sucks, but even then you have to believe in yourself.;Andy Grammer;happiness
To play someone who is who they are because of the happiness and contentedness that they've known in their life is interesting because of sort of how banal it is.;Christina Ricci;happiness
It is now possible to quantify people's levels of happiness pretty accurately by asking them, by observation, and by measuring electrical activity in the brain, in degrees from terrible pain to sublime joy.;Polly Toynbee;happiness
Oh, I adored Mickey Mouse when I was a child. He was the emblem of happiness and funniness. You went to the movies then, you saw two movies and a short. When Mickey Mouse came on the screen and there was his big head, my sister said she had to hold onto me. I went berserk.;Maurice Sendak;happiness
I adored Mickey Mouse when I was a child. He was the emblem of happiness and funniness.;Maurice Sendak;happiness
Happiness is a matter of one's most ordinary and everyday mode of consciousness being busy and lively and unconcerned with self.;Iris Murdoch;happiness
It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.;Max Planck;happiness
It's horrible when people are only interested in buying labels, because it doesn't bring them the happiness they think it will.;Miuccia Prada;happiness
An institution or reform movement that is not selfish, must originate in the recognition of some evil that is adding to the sum of human suffering, or diminishing the sum of happiness.;Clara Barton;happiness
I learned from a very young age that if I pursued the things that truly excited me, that they would reward in more important ways, like happiness.;Brandon Boyd;happiness
I enjoy being happy every day, and hopefully you can hear my happiness in my music. Life is beautiful.;Christina Milian;happiness
All people desire what they believe will make them happy. If a person is not full of desire for God, we can only conclude that he is engaged with another happiness.;William Law;happiness
One must never look for happiness: one meets it by the way.;Isabelle Eberhardt;happiness
Most people ask for happiness on condition. Happiness can only be felt if you don't set any condition.;Arthur Rubinstein;happiness
True religion... is giving and finding one's happiness by bringing happiness into the lives of others.;William J. H. Boetcker;happiness
There is no happiness in love, except at the end of an English novel.;Anthony Trollope;happiness
When God loves a creature he wants the creature to know the highest happiness and the deepest misery He wants him to know all that being alive can bring. That is his best gift. There is no happiness save in understanding the whole.;Thornton Wilder;happiness
Happiness is a wine of the rarest vintage, and seems insipid to a vulgar taste.;Logan P. Smith;happiness
I have my moments. Ever since I was a boy, I never was someone who was at ease with happiness. Too often I embrace introspection and self-doubt. I wish I could embrace the good things.;Hugh Laurie;happiness
People will survive, and they will find happiness. Happiness only comes when you're not looking for it.;Hugh Laurie;happiness
Every poll about the Left, the Right, and happiness reveals that the farther left one goes, the less happy the person is likely to be.;Dennis Prager;happiness
Happiness held is the seed Happiness shared is the flower.;John Harrigan;happiness
A good cook is like a sorceress who dispenses happiness.;Elsa Schiaparelli;happiness
I am happy as happiness goes, for a woman who has so many memories and who lives the lonely life of an actress.;Lillie Langtry;happiness
Lucky that man whose children make his happiness in life and not his grief, the anguished disappointment of his hopes.;Euripedes;happiness
There is a set of religious, or rather moral, writings which teach that virtue is the certain road to happiness, and vice to misery in this world. A very wholesome and comfortable doctrine, and to which we have but one objection, namely, that it is not true.;Francois Fenelon;happiness
America has believed that in differentiation, not in uniformity, lies the path of progress. It acted on this belief it has advanced human happiness, and it has prospered.;Louis D. Brandeis;happiness
Remember the rights of the savage, as we call him. Remember that the happiness of his humble home, remember that the sanctity of life in the hill villages of Afghanistan, among the winter snows, is as inviolable in the eye of Almighty God, as can be your own.;William E. Gladstone;happiness
There is no happiness for people at the expense of other people.;Anwar Sadat;happiness
It is the personality of the mistress that the home expresses. Men are forever guests in our homes, no matter how much happiness they may find there.;Elsie de Wolfe;happiness
I try to stress to my children that buying something never leads to true happiness.;Harlan Coben;happiness
Getting married, for me, was the best thing I ever did. I was suddenly beset with an immense sense of release, that we have something more important than our separate selves, and that is the marriage. There's immense happiness that can come from working towards that.;Nick Cave;happiness
The pursuit of happiness, which American citizens are obliged to undertake, tends to involve them in trying to perpetuate the moods, tastes and aptitudes of youth.;Malcolm Muggeridge;happiness
Why does watching a dog be a dog fill one with happiness?;Jonathan Safran Foer;happiness
Happiness is always a coincidence.;Jose Bergamin;happiness
I will always stay close to all compatriots, and share together the happiness and suffering.;Norodom Sihamoni;happiness
All happiness depends on a leisurely breakfast.;John Gunther;happiness
My idea of perfect happiness is a healthy family, peace between nations, and all the critics die.;David Mamet;happiness
The gratification of desire is not happiness.;Daisaku Ikeda;happiness
Happiness is a choice. You can choose to be happy. There's going to be stress in life, but it's your choice whether you let it affect you or not.;Valerie Bertinelli;happiness
Joy, rather than happiness, is the goal of life, for joy is the emotion which accompanies our fulfilling our natures as human beings. It is based on the experience of one's identity as a being of worth and dignity.;Rollo May;happiness
That is happiness to be dissolved into something complete and great.;Willa Cather;happiness
You've got to ask! Asking is, in my opinion, the world's most powerful - and neglected - secret to success and happiness.;Percy Ross;happiness
I never was someone who was at ease with happiness.;Hugh Laurie;happiness
It was as if all of the happiness, all of the magic of this blissful hour had flowed together into these stirring, bittersweet tones and flowed away, becoming temporal and transitory once more.;Herman Hesse;happiness
You believe happiness to be derived from the place in which once you have been happy, but in truth it is centered in ourselves.;Franz Schubert;happiness
We all have a hungry heart, and one of the things we hunger for is happiness. So as much as I possibly could, I stayed where I was happy. I spent a great deal of time in my younger years just writing and reading, walking around the woods in Ohio, where I grew up.;Mary Oliver;happiness
My life has run from misery to happiness.;Loretta Lynn;happiness
Happiness? No, it's not there for me.;Robert Mapplethorpe;happiness
Friendship is a strong and habitual inclination in two persons to promote the good and happiness of one another.;Eustace Budgell;happiness
Life finds its purpose and fulfillment in the expansion of happiness.;Maharishi Mahesh Yogi;happiness
Those who seek happiness miss it, and those who discuss it, lack it.;Holbrook Jackson;happiness
Try to put your happiness before anyone else's, because you may never have done so in your entire life, if you really think about it, if you are really honest with yourself.;Margaret Cho;happiness
A comfortable house is a great source of happiness. It ranks immediately after health and a good conscience.;Sydney Smith;happiness
The purpose of human life and the sense of happiness is to give the maximum what the man is able to give.;Alexander Alekhine;happiness
The sound of laughter is like the vaulted dome of a temple of happiness.;Milan Kundera;happiness
Happiness is an imaginary condition, formerly attributed by the living to the dead, now usually attributed by adults to children, and by children to adults.;Thomas Szasz;happiness
The Dalai Lama. He is a very wise man of great inner peace who believes that happiness is the purpose of our lives. Through his teachings and leadership, he continues to make this world a better place in which to live.;Sidney Sheldon;happiness
It's afterwards you realize that the feeling of happiness you had with a man didn't necessarily prove that you loved him.;Marguerite Duras;happiness
When we were together, I loved you deeply and you gave me so much happiness I can never repay you.;Arthur Ashe;happiness
You know, I think we Indians are afraid to show and celebrate our happiness, lest things change around. But I feel that it's okay to be sad and okay to show when you are happy.;Shahrukh Khan;happiness
I've gotten to a point, where I realize that happiness doesn't come from the outside.;Ricky Williams;happiness
It is work, work that one delights in, that is the surest guarantor of happiness. But even here it is a work that has to be earned by labor in one's earlier years. One should labor so hard in youth that everything one does subsequently is easy by comparison.;Ashley Montagu;happiness
What if I couldn't handle people's opinions of me? I know that shouldn't dictate a person's degree of peace or happiness in life, but the problem is, I chose a business saturated in judgment.;Chris Evans;happiness
So, my happiness doesn't come from money or fame. My happiness comes from seeing life without struggle.;Nicki Minaj;happiness
Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling.;Margaret Lee Runbeck;happiness
There is an old saying that money can't buy happiness. If it could, I would buy myself four hits every game.;Pete Rose;happiness
Remember that happiness is as contagious as gloom. It should be the first duty of those who are happy to let others know of their gladness.;Maurice Maeterlinck;happiness
I admit I can't shake the idea that there is virtue in suffering, that there is a sort of psychic economy, whereby if you embrace success, happiness and comfort, these things have to be paid for.;Hugh Laurie;happiness
Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply, to enjoy simply, to think freely, to risk life, to be needed.;Storm Jameson;happiness
I see nothing wrong with the human trait to desire. In fact, I consider it integral to our success mechanism. Becoming attached to what we desire is what causes the trouble. If you must have it in order to be happy, then you are denying the happiness of the here and now.;Peter McWilliams;happiness
To show a child what once delighted you, to find the child's delight added to your own - this is happiness.;J. B. Priestley;happiness
I believe that my clothes can give people a better image of themselves - that it can increase their feelings of confidence and happiness.;Giorgio Armani;happiness
The greatest happiness of the greatest number is the foundation of morals and legislation.;Jeremy Bentham;happiness
I don't think that sin and pursuing happiness are not necessarily the same thing.;Dan Savage;happiness
How can you tell somebody whose is pursuing happiness that they're somehow not American when that was the very first promise that America made?;Dan Savage;happiness
The pursuit of happiness is a most ridiculous phrase: if you pursue happiness you'll never find it.;Carrie P. Snow;happiness
Here is my prescription to heal all wounds. Watch the film 'Funny Girl' at least five times, eat at least 45 chocolate bars, and hang out with all those friends you blew off to hang out with your ex. I truly believe that, through a combination of Nutella, old pals and Barbra Streisand, we can achieve happiness and, very probably, world peace.;Beth Ditto;happiness
It is the paradox of life that the way to miss pleasure is to seek it first. The very first condition of lasting happiness is that a life should be full of purpose, aiming at something outside self.;Hugo Black;happiness
Liberty is to the collective body, what health is to every individual body. Without health no pleasure can be tasted by man without liberty, no happiness can be enjoyed by society.;Henry St. John;happiness
My parents- they've been my biggest influences and supporters since day one. They teach me every day that happiness comes from within and not from something outside of your heart.;Shawn Johnson;happiness
I think the key to happiness is allowing ourselves to not feel bad or guilty for feeling it, and letting it be contagious. And to not be dependent on other people to create your own happiness.;Brittany Murphy;happiness
The discovery of a new dish confers more happiness on humanity, than the discovery of a new star.;Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin;happiness
For me, love is happiness and inspiration.;Leona Lewis;happiness
It is also rarer to find happiness in a man surrounded by the miracles of technology than among people living in the desert of the jungle and who by the standards set by our society would be considered destitute and out of touch.;Thor Heyerdahl;happiness
People are chasing cash, not happiness. When you chase money, you're going to lose. You're just going to. Even if you get the money, you're not going to be happy.;Gary Vaynerchuk;happiness
My mother is a big believer in being responsible for your own happiness. She always talked about finding joy in small moments and insisted that we stop and take in the beauty of an ordinary day. When I stop the car to make my kids really see a sunset, I hear my mother's voice and smile.;Jennifer Garner;happiness
