It's easier to force feed people than it is to give 'em what they want. It makes more money.;Merle Haggard;money
My goal wasn't to make a ton of money. It was to build good computers.;Steve Wozniak;money
Civilized countries generally adopt gold or silver or both as money.;Alfred Marshall;money
Don't judge me. I made a lot of money.;Samantha Bee;money
If you make a living, if you earn your own money, you're free - however free one can be on this planet.;Theodore White;money
Money is a mechanism for control.;David Korten;money
All money means to me is a pride in accomplishment.;Ray Kroc;money
In suggesting gifts: Money is appropriate, and one size fits all.;William Randolph Hearst;money
Sudden money is going from zero to two hundred dollars a week. The rest doesn't count.;Neil Simon;money
I don't think business news is just for old white men with money.;Neil Cavuto;money
Fame, I have already. Now I need the money.;Wilhelm Steinitz;money
It is usually people in the money business, finance, and international trade that are really rich.;Robin Leach;money
I don't spend much money on clothes I never did.;Lauren Hutton;money
Sooner or later, we sell out for money.;Tony Randall;money
If American men are obsessed with money, American women are obsessed with weight. The men talk of gain, the women talk of loss, and I do not know which talk is the more boring.;Marya Mannes;money
I think that focusing on the money, on the business, is not enough.;Sergei Bubka;money
You know, a lot of people are just interested in, in building a company so they can make money and get out.;Arthur Rock;money
I think everything depends on money.;Alan Bean;money
Art for art's sake, money for God's sake.;Simon Raven;money
Business is other people's money.;Delphine de Girardin;money
A fool and his money get a lot of publicity.;Al Bernstein;money
Many good qualities are not sufficient to balance a single want - the want of money.;Johann Georg Zimmermann;money
It's a terribly hard job to spend a billion dollars and get your money's worth.;George M. Humphrey;money
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man.;Lana Turner;money
A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual doom.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;money
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money.;Thomas Jefferson;money
Friends and good manners will carry you where money won't go.;Margaret Walker;money
The American Republic will endure until the day Congress discovers that it can bribe the public with the public's money.;Alexis de Tocqueville;money
Let us more and more insist on raising funds of love, of kindness, of understanding, of peace. Money will come if we seek first the Kingdom of God - the rest will be given.;Mother Teresa;money
Let us not be satisfied with just giving money. Money is not enough, money can be got, but they need your hearts to love them. So, spread your love everywhere you go.;Mother Teresa;money
I try to give to the poor people for love what the rich could get for money. No, I wouldn't touch a leper for a thousand pounds yet I willingly cure him for the love of God.;Mother Teresa;money
We have the best government that money can buy.;Mark Twain;money
I can make more generals, but horses cost money.;Abraham Lincoln;money
Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1.;Warren Buffett;money
Money isn't the most important thing in life, but it's reasonably close to oxygen on the 'gotta have it' scale.;Zig Ziglar;money
Too many people spend money they haven't earned to buy things they don't want to impress people they don't like.;Will Smith;money
I've never been able to understand why a Republican contributor is a 'fat cat' and a Democratic contributor of the same amount of money is a 'public-spirited philanthropist'.;Ronald Reagan;money
I can live without money, but I cannot live without love.;Judy Garland;money
Never spend your money before you have earned it.;Thomas Jefferson;money
If money help a man to do good to others, it is of some value but if not, it is simply a mass of evil, and the sooner it is got rid of, the better.;Swami Vivekananda;money
There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else.;Sam Walton;money
America... just a nation of two hundred million used car salesmen with all the money we need to buy guns and no qualms about killing anybody else in the world who tries to make us uncomfortable.;Hunter S. Thompson;money
Money can't buy happiness, but it can make you awfully comfortable while you're being miserable.;Clare Boothe Luce;money
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.;Henry David Thoreau;money
Money, not morality, is the principle commerce of civilized nations.;Thomas Jefferson;money
A fool and his money are soon elected.;Will Rogers;money
I don't want to make money, I just want to be wonderful.;Marilyn Monroe;money
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.;Bob Dylan;money
The rich are always going to say that, you know, just give us more money and we'll go out and spend more and then it will all trickle down to the rest of you. But that has not worked the last 10 years, and I hope the American public is catching on.;Warren Buffett;money
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it. The only real security that a man will have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience, and ability.;Henry Ford;money
My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time.;Steve Jobs;money
There is only one class in the community that thinks more about money than the rich, and that is the poor. The poor can think of nothing else.;Oscar Wilde;money
Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.;P. J. O'Rourke;money
Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit.;George Carlin;money
Government always finds a need for whatever money it gets.;Ronald Reagan;money
I spent three days a week for 10 years educating myself in the public library, and it's better than college. People should educate themselves - you can get a complete education for no money. At the end of 10 years, I had read every book in the library and I'd written a thousand stories.;Ray Bradbury;money
If you don't have integrity, you have nothing. You can't buy it. You can have all the money in the world, but if you are not a moral and ethical person, you really have nothing.;Henry Kravis;money
There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money.;Benjamin Franklin;money
Time is money.;Benjamin Franklin;money
I think the person who takes a job in order to live - that is to say, for the money - has turned himself into a slave.;Joseph Campbell;money
Time is more value than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.;Jim Rohn;money
Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.;Christopher Marlowe;money
Do not hire a man who does your work for money, but him who does it for love of it.;Henry David Thoreau;money
A man is usually more careful of his money than he is of his principles.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;money
Money and success don't change people they merely amplify what is already there.;Will Smith;money
If you would know the value of money, go and try to borrow some.;Benjamin Franklin;money
It is not the employer who pays the wages. Employers only handle the money. It is the customer who pays the wages.;Henry Ford;money
The TV business is uglier than most things. It is normally perceived as some kind of cruel and shallow money trench through the heart of the journalism industry, a long plastic hallway where thieves and pimps run free and good men die like dogs, for no good reason.;Hunter S. Thompson;money
An actress is not a machine, but they treat you like a machine. A money machine.;Marilyn Monroe;money
Remember that credit is money.;Benjamin Franklin;money
Politics has become so expensive that it takes a lot of money even to be defeated.;Will Rogers;money
The use of money is all the advantage there is in having it.;Benjamin Franklin;money
Money often costs too much.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;money
Money won't make you happy... but everybody wants to find out for themselves.;Zig Ziglar;money
In general, the art of government consists of taking as much money as possible from one class of citizens to give to another.;Voltaire;money
Waste your money and you're only out of money, but waste your time and you've lost a part of your life.;Michael LeBoeuf;money
In any investment, you expect to have fun and make money.;Michael Jordan;money
We have an obligation and a responsibility to be investing in our students and our schools. We must make sure that people who have the grades, the desire and the will, but not the money, can still get the best education possible.;Barack Obama;money
Money won't buy happiness, but it will pay the salaries of a large research staff to study the problem.;Bill Vaughan;money
Friendship and money: oil and water.;Mario Puzo;money
Ultimately, if you can say that I'm a bad owner and we're winning championships, I can live with that. But if we're not making the playoffs and we're spending and losing money, then I have to look in the mirror and say maybe I'm not taking the necessary steps to doing what it takes to run an organization.;Michael Jordan;money
When I chased after money, I never had enough. When I got my life on purpose and focused on giving of myself and everything that arrived into my life, then I was prosperous.;Wayne Dyer;money
I've always felt toward the slightest scene, even if all I had to do in a scene was just to come in and say, 'Hi,' that the people ought to get their money's worth and that this is an obligation of mine, to give them the best you can get from me.;Marilyn Monroe;money
When the federal government spends more each year than it collects in tax revenues, it has three choices: It can raise taxes, print money, or borrow money. While these actions may benefit politicians, all three options are bad for average Americans.;Ron Paul;money
Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will.;Nelson Mandela;money
Run for your life from any man who tells you that money is evil. That sentence is the leper's bell of an approaching looter.;Ayn Rand;money
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching.;Satchel Paige;money
God wants us to prosper financially, to have plenty of money, to fulfill the destiny He has laid out for us.;Joel Osteen;money
I try to treat all the money I'm making like it's the last time I'm going to make it.;Eminem;money
Money is not required to buy one necessity of the soul.;Henry David Thoreau;money
Don't matter how much money you got, there's only two kinds of people: there's saved people and there's lost people.;Bob Dylan;money
Because parents have power over children. They feel they have to do what their parents say. But the love of money is the root of all evil. And this is a sweet child. And to see him turn like this, this isn't him. This is not him.;Michael Jackson;money
Successful people make money. It's not that people who make money become successful, but that successful people attract money. They bring success to what they do.;Wayne Dyer;money
Instead of giving money to found colleges to promote learning, why don't they pass a constitutional amendment prohibiting anybody from learning anything? If it works as good as the Prohibition one did, why, in five years we would have the smartest race of people on earth.;Will Rogers;money
Good nature is worth more than knowledge, more than money, more than honor, to the persons who possess it.;Henry Ward Beecher;money
To have done anything just for money is to have been truly idle.;Henry David Thoreau;money
It's hard to tell with these Internet startups if they're really interested in building companies or if they're just interested in the money. I can tell you, though: If they don't really want to build a company, they won't luck into it. That's because it's so hard that if you don't have a passion, you'll give up.;Steve Jobs;money
Of the billionaires I have known, money just brings out the basic traits in them. If they were jerks before they had money, they are simply jerks with a billion dollars.;Warren Buffett;money
Lack of money is the root of all evil.;George Bernard Shaw;money
