I know from my own personal experience. I was bullied in middle school and high school and went through my fair share of hard times thereafter. Also, one of my really good friends committed suicide when I was in high school.;Brittany Snow;experience
I don't think people should have boundaries put on them, by themselves or society or another gender, because it's our birthright to experience life in whatever way we feel best suits us.;Hilary Swank;experience
Work is a substitute religious experience for many workaholics.;Mary Daly;experience
Good judgement comes from experience. Sometimes, experience comes from bad judgement.;Christian Slater;experience
You may count on Mexico's support, since your commitment to the noblest causes of mankind and your vast experience are and will be invaluable in enabling us, together, to achieve a better world.;Vicente Fox;experience
If you're working on a movie, you want it to be projected on the largest tapestry possible, and the sound to be perfect, and for that kind of communal experience of the movies to take place for it.;Greg Kinnear;experience
And I like to convey my feelings, my emotions, my experience, the information I have to public use, public opinion.;Vicente Fox;experience
Certainly I've had the experience of thinking a person was one thing, and finding out they were another.;John Hawkes;experience
And then I went to 'Dawson's Creek,' which is a show that was, for better or for worse, all about the language. It was a word-perfect show, which I'd never had any experience with. And it was really shocking for me. I felt really hemmed in. At the time, it wasn't my favorite working experience.;Busy Philipps;experience
I had the closest thing I have ever had to an out-of-body experience lying in bed one morning. I turned on the 'Today' programme and item four on the news was: 'The shadow chancellor has ruled himself out of the leadership.' I lay there thinking that's interesting, then I realised it was me.;George Osborne;experience
It's been my experience that every time I think I know where it's at, it's usually somewhere else.;Blake Edwards;experience
The utmost thing is the user experience, to have the most useful experience.;Marissa Mayer;experience
Our theory is, if you need the user to tell you what you're selling, then you don't know what you're selling, and it's probably not going to be a good experience.;Marissa Mayer;experience
Truth be told, I'm not an easy man. I can be an entertaining one, though it's been my experience that most people don't want to be entertained. They want to be comforted.;Richard Russo;experience
The wisdom of the wise, and the experience of ages, may be preserved by quotation.;Isaac D'Israeli;experience
We believe that Lebanon has been the first real experience for all the Arabs.;Bashar al-Assad;experience
Today, the Iraqi citizen sees that America is coming and wants to occupy his country and kill him, and he is willing to experience for himself what happened in Palestine.;Bashar al-Assad;experience
Putting is like wisdom - partly a natural gift and partly the accumulation of experience.;Arnold Palmer;experience
I have been blessed in many ways, and one of those is to have been born in Africa, for me a great treasure house of stories. I have been researching it since my infancy reading about it, talking to men and women who have spent their lives in this land, living it as I have and loving it as I do. I write almost entirely from my own experience.;Wilbur Smith;experience
I was thinking that we all learn by experience, but some of us have to go to summer school.;Peter De Vries;experience
Past experience with fiscal austerity at home and overseas strongly suggests that it is best for the economy's long-run performance to restrain government spending rather than raise taxes.;Mark Zandi;experience
It's really fun at night, because I can see the baby kicking. I can feel the knee or the foot. The baby is starting to get heavy, and it's a really incredible feeling. I'm so grateful I get to experience this.;Emily Procter;experience
When you go visiting countries, you start reading the history of the place and you start getting into the culture, and then you have to leave. In my experience, all countries have hidden treasures.;Jo Nesbo;experience
I've always loved the experience of working together with other people toward an artistic goal.;Trey Anastasio;experience
There are a lot of things that make up a performance, a lot of technical things. It isn't always just about pulling it up from the darkest recesses of your mind or your heart. It's your experience and your observation.;Robert Carlyle;experience
Once you're in a particular country, and you're surrounded by musicians who are so adept at traditional music, you suddenly realize how much there is to explore and digest and learn and experience.;Evelyn Glennie;experience
Marimba is much more of a wood-type experience and there is no real possibility of getting a dry sound, and getting that contrast in the same way that you can in a vibraphone.;Evelyn Glennie;experience
Now, having had this experience, I can't say really what they were looking for. I don't know their minds. But every time I see a reality show, it seems that the most entertaining parts on other reality shows are when they make their guests look foolish.;Liza Minnelli;experience
Women have no sympathy and my experience of women is almost as large as Europe.;Florence Nightingale;experience
An identity would seem to be arrived at by the way in which the person faces and uses his experience.;James Baldwin;experience
When something is new to us, we treat it as an experience. We feel that our senses are awake and clear. We are alive.;Jasper Johns;experience
You know, my life's changed now. I'm starting to experience what people are really supposed to do. You supposed to be married. You're supposed to have a family, kids, treat your wife right.;Mike Epps;experience
The world is given to me only once, not one existing and one perceived. Subject and object are only one. The barrier between them cannot be said to have broken down as a result of recent experience in the physical sciences, for this barrier does not exist.;Erwin Schrodinger;experience
There are some things you only learn through experience.;Joe Namath;experience
On the one hand, we'll never experience childbirth. On the other hand, we can open all our own jars.;Bruce Willis;experience
If you started in New York you were dealing with the biggest guys in the world. You're dealing with Charlie Parker and all the big bands and everything. We got more experience working in Seattle.;Quincy Jones;experience
I feel like if I won an award and I was giving my speech and the music started, that's all I'd remember, the humiliation I felt when the music started. It would mar the entire experience for me.;Seth Rogen;experience
I had decided I wanted to write about food, and I knew the only way to do that is to speak with authority, which meant learning the language and knowing what that experience is like.;Gail Simmons;experience
The plain man is familiar with blindness and deafness, and knows from his everyday experience that the look of things is influenced by his senses but it never occurs to him to regard the whole world as the creation of his senses.;Ernst Mach;experience
The experience is fundamentally different for buying from local businesses than it is for buying consumer goods.;Andrew Mason;experience
You're creating an intimacy that everybody feels, that it's their experience, not yours. I'll never introduce a song and say, now this song is about 'my' broken heart.;Diana Krall;experience
You ask any moviemaker what their favorite movie experience was, and they'll say it was one of the first ones, where everyone had to pitch in and do everything together, and you had to struggle.;Robert Rodriguez;experience
Being in love is the only transcendent experience.;Armistead Maupin;experience
I've had a lot of experience in independent film, and about how to choose. You've got to be very discerning about where you put your five bucks, and where you cut and what you don't cut.;Ethan Hawke;experience
Dramatic experience is not logical it may be subdued to the kind of coherence that we indicate when we speak, in criticism, of form.;Allen Tate;experience
So if I have two pieces of cake, do I have twice as good an experience as the first piece of cake? One of the things I've found in life is that the first piece of cake is the best.;David Frum;experience
Your own experience keeps taking you towards something. My book adds the hope that it's a better something.;Moon Unit Zappa;experience
My advice would be to write what is most personal and specific to your experience or your life. And your voice will emerge and because of its specificity, it will be universal.;David Schwimmer;experience
Succeeding is not really a life experience that does that much good. Failing is a much more sobering and enlightening experience.;Michael Eisner;experience
Also, I knew that the impact of Motorcycle Diaries was going to be so resonant for all of us who went through the experience of making it that I didn't want to do anything that could reflect it.;Walter Salles;experience
The course of the flight up and down was exceedingly erratic, partly due to the irregularity of the air, and partly to lack of experience in handling this machine. The control of the front rudder was difficult on account of its being balanced too near the center.;Orville Wright;experience
I loved making Pure Country. It was a great learning experience for me, seeing another part of the entertainment industry.;George Strait;experience
I've never had issues with popularity. I was always a popular guy... I've always had friends and loved ones and everything, so it wasn't like, 'Oh man, I gotta fill some void that was left by high school.' I had a great high-school experience.;Jonah Hill;experience
I don't believe in the so-called Olympic spirit. I speak from personal experience. When China hosted the Games, it failed to include the people. The event was constructed without regard for their joy.;Ai Weiwei;experience
We are creating a unique experience. It's starts with how you see the building from a distance.;Helmut Jahn;experience
When you grow up in a family of languages, you develop a kind of casual fluency, so that languages, though differently colored, all seem transparent to experience.;David Antin;experience
My feeling about work is it's much more about the experience of doing it than the end product. Sometimes things that are really great and make lots of money are miserable to make, and vice versa.;Alan Cumming;experience
Music and language are a vital element. We, as actors and directors, offer it to people who want to experience it. Sometimes the actual meaning is less important than the words themselves.;Kenneth Branagh;experience
It is brilliant going to the theatre and being forced to sit and listen and think about life. It can be almost a near-religious experience.;Emily Mortimer;experience
And actually, about three weeks ago, Micky, Peter and I were in Vegas at the MGM Grand. And we did about 12 shows in seven days. It was quite an experience.;Davy Jones;experience
You want to do something that shows some type individuality and talent and imagination - at the same time, you want to be truthful to the predecessors, because obviously the audience liked something about them and you have to replicate that experience to a certain extent.;Renny Harlin;experience
A man of conviction is often more to be desired than a man of experience.;Curt Siodmak;experience
You're working on being a father, so that is something that when you experience it you'll understand the profundity of wanting to protect something dear to you.;Harvey Keitel;experience
No student of Chinese history can say that the Chinese are incapable of religious experience, even when judged by the standards of medieval Europe or pious India.;Hu Shih;experience
The resistance of a woman is not always a proof of her virtue, but more frequently of her experience.;Ninon de L'Enclos;experience
And so I think that if the person has the funds, the network, and the equipment to do this, and also the experience, which is the key factor, then they can be quite deadly.;John Abizaid;experience
We really haven't had very much experience with people funding their retirement out of the stock market, and we don't know, frankly, how it would work under every scenario.;Ron Chernow;experience
For me, it is just the total experience - from the time I first started as an assistant coach until I wound up at the University of Texas for 20 years.;Darrell Royal;experience
Louis Malle was the best filmmaker I've ever worked with. He was such an artist. He was dealing with the theme of innocence and experience.;Brooke Shields;experience
But because we've all been readers, we know what the experience is like, and we hope that what certain writers have given to us, we will give to someone.;Wallace Shawn;experience
I will perform My Heart Will Go On for the rest of my life and it will always remain a very emotional experience for me.;Celine Dion;experience
I love music, and after my first experience with movies, I can't wait to do more.;Rihanna;experience
Judgment comes from experience and great judgment comes from bad experience.;Bob Packwood;experience
The most important training, though, is to experience life as a writer, questioning everything, inventing multiple explanations for everything. If you do that, all the other things will come if you don't, there's no hope for you.;Orson Scott Card;experience
Well, you know, the definition of second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.;George Will;experience
I am very happy since when I am in different cities I can experience and learn different cultures!;Yani Tseng;experience
I'm always hoping for the nights that are inspired where you almost have an out of body experience.;Dave Brubeck;experience
At our best, it's a good experience but we do 22 episodes a year, so there are some clunkers.;Vincent D'Onofrio;experience
I got pregnant at 40 by surprise. It's funny, because when we found out we were pregnant, I said, 'Okay, let's experience that.' You just have to just go with it because it's rare.;Julianna Margulies;experience
Many children are natural fantasists, I think, perhaps because their imaginations have yet to be clobbered into submission by experience.;David Mitchell;experience
Acting is not a mystery. There's nothing that I know that other actors don't know. We all act, we're all actors, we all know the same thing. The only thing that separates us is experience.;Vincent D'Onofrio;experience
I feel responsible that everyone has a really wonderful experience and to do the best work possible, and to always know my lines and to always be on time and to bring a level to the show in terms of quality that other people will follow.;Julianna Margulies;experience
It evolved from my experience in the fifties, growing up during the McCarthy era, and hearing a lot of assumptions that America was wonderful and Communism was terrible.;Warren Farrell;experience
Far better is it to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure... than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much, because they live in a gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat.;Theodore Roosevelt;failure
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.;Michael Jordan;failure
Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. Genius will not unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not the world is full of educated failures. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent.;Calvin Coolidge;failure
My great concern is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with your failure.;Abraham Lincoln;failure
Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything - all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure - these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important.;Steve Jobs;failure
I've come to believe that all my past failure and frustration were actually laying the foundation for the understandings that have created the new level of living I now enjoy.;Tony Robbins;failure
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out.;Benjamin Franklin;failure
Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement.;C. S. Lewis;failure
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed on an equal or greater benefit.;Napoleon Hill;failure
Before success comes in any man's life, he's sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit. That's exactly what the majority of men do.;Napoleon Hill;failure
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.;Bill Gates;failure
Ambition is the last refuge of the failure.;Oscar Wilde;failure
Don't be afraid to fail. Don't waste energy trying to cover up failure. Learn from your failures and go on to the next challenge. It's OK to fail. If you're not failing, you're not growing.;H. Stanley Judd;failure
We have forty million reasons for failure, but not a single excuse.;Rudyard Kipling;failure
One of the common failings among honorable people is a failure to appreciate how thoroughly dishonorable some other people can be, and how dangerous it is to trust them.;Thomas Sowell;failure
If you learn from defeat, you haven't really lost.;Zig Ziglar;failure
