It is not the body's posture, but the heart's attitude that counts when we pray.;Billy Graham;attitude
People may hear your words, but they feel your attitude.;John C. Maxwell;attitude
But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be.;Alan Watts;attitude
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time.;Elbert Hubbard;attitude
Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us.;Earl Nightingale;attitude
Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one.;Hans Selye;attitude
Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new.;Og Mandino;attitude
The reactionary is always willing to take a progressive attitude on any issue that is dead.;Theodore Roosevelt;attitude
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.;Raymond Chandler;attitude
Cock your hat - angles are attitudes.;Frank Sinatra;attitude
When you pray for anyone you tend to modify your personal attitude toward him.;Norman Vincent Peale;attitude
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.;Colin Powell;attitude
I'm only going to stand before God and give an account for my life, not for somebody else's life. If I have a bad attitude, then I need to say there's no point in me blaming you for what's wrong in my life.;Joyce Meyer;attitude
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome.;William James;attitude
My attitude is, if someone's going to criticize me, tell me to my face.;Simon Cowell;attitude
Having a positive mental attitude is asking how something can be done rather than saying it can't be done.;Bo Bennett;attitude
My general attitude to life is to enjoy every minute of every day. I never do anything with a feeling of, 'Oh God, I've got to do this today.';Richard Branson;attitude
A complainer is like a Death Eater because there's a suction of negative energy. You can catch a great attitude from great people.;Barbara Corcoran;attitude
The meaning of things lies not in the things themselves, but in our attitude towards them.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;attitude
Pink isn't just a color, it's an attitude!;Miley Cyrus;attitude
The remarkable thing is, we have a choice everyday regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day.;Charles R. Swindoll;attitude
A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me.;David Bailey;attitude
Good humor is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society.;William Makepeace Thackeray;attitude
When you are thwarted, it is your own attitude that is out of order.;Meister Eckhart;attitude
I think it's my adventure, my trip, my journey, and I guess my attitude is, let the chips fall where they may.;Leonard Nimoy;attitude
Bad attitudes will ruin your team.;Terry Bradshaw;attitude
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.;Walter Scott;attitude
Happiness is an attitude of mind, born of the simple determination to be happy under all outward circumstances.;J. Donald Walters;attitude
Great effort springs naturally from great attitude.;Pat Riley;attitude
Attitudes are more important than facts.;George MacDonald;attitude
Attitude is everything.;Diane von Furstenberg;attitude
Attitude determines the altitude of life.;Edwin Louis Cole;attitude
Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us.;John N. Mitchell;attitude
The greatest discovery of my generation is that man can alter his life simply by altering his attitude of mind.;James Truslow Adams;attitude
But my attitude about it is I have miles to go before I sleep.;Peabo Bryson;attitude
The attitude is very important. Because, your behavior radiates how you feel.;Lou Ferrigno;attitude
When you ain't got no money, you gotta get an attitude.;Richard Pryor;attitude
Civilization is a method of living, an attitude of equal respect for all men.;Jane Addams;attitude
Most of us start out with a positive attitude and a plan to do our best.;Marilu Henner;attitude
There are no menial jobs, only menial attitudes.;William J. Brennan, Jr.;attitude
Funny is an attitude.;Flip Wilson;attitude
The biggest challenge is how to affect public attitudes and make people care.;Jim Fowler;attitude
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.;Maya Angelou;attitude
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come.;Dalai Lama;attitude
Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life not so much by what happens to you as by the way your mind looks at what happens.;Khalil Gibran;attitude
Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude.;Dale Carnegie;attitude
Whenever you're in conflict with someone, there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it. That factor is attitude.;William James;attitude
Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test. And God promises you your marked moments are on their way.;Joel Osteen;attitude
Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes a reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results.;William James;attitude
Like success, failure is many things to many people. With Positive Mental Attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again.;W. Clement Stone;attitude
The only disability in life is a bad attitude.;Scott Hamilton;attitude
If you have a positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges.;Pat Riley;attitude
You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.;Brian Tracy;attitude
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.;Oprah Winfrey;attitude
A healthy attitude is contagious but don't wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier.;Tom Stoppard;attitude
Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure. The way you think about a fact may defeat you before you ever do anything about it. You are overcome by the fact because you think you are.;Norman Vincent Peale;attitude
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.;Ralph Marston;attitude
I hope the millions of people I've touched have the optimism and desire to share their goals and hard work and persevere with a positive attitude.;Michael Jordan;attitude
We cannot change our past. We can not change the fact that people act in a certain way. We can not change the inevitable. The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have, and that is our attitude.;Charles R. Swindoll;attitude
I was looking for something a lot heavier, yet melodic at the same time. Something different from heavy metal, a different attitude.;Kurt Cobain;attitude
Spend some time this weekend on home improvement improve your attitude toward your family.;Bo Bennett;attitude
We awaken in others the same attitude of mind we hold toward them.;Elbert Hubbard;attitude
There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. That little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative.;Robert Collier;attitude
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.;Lou Holtz;attitude
The last of human freedoms - the ability to chose one's attitude in a given set of circumstances.;Viktor E. Frankl;attitude
Attitude is more important than the past, than education, than money, than circumstances, than what people do or say. It is more important than appearance, giftedness, or skill.;Charles R. Swindoll;attitude
Being black is not a matter of pigmentation - being black is a reflection of a mental attitude.;Steven Biko;attitude
People in tough times - it doesn't mean they don't have a great attitude.;Joel Osteen;attitude
A strong positive mental attitude will create more miracles than any wonder drug.;Patricia Neal;attitude
Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees.;Victor Hugo;attitude
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions.;Harold S. Geneen;attitude
If a person gets his attitude toward money straight, it will help straighten out almost every other area in his life.;Billy Graham;attitude
I've reached a point in my life where it's the little things that matter... I was always a rebel and probably could have got much farther had I changed my attitude. But when you think about it, I got pretty far without changing attitudes. I'm happier with that.;Veronica Lake;attitude
Fairness is not an attitude. It's a professional skill that must be developed and exercised.;Brit Hume;attitude
I think whether you're having setbacks or not, the role of a leader is to always display a winning attitude.;Colin Powell;attitude
Be sure what you want and be sure about yourself. Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.;Adriana Lima;attitude
Hitler and Mussolini were only the primary spokesmen for the attitude of domination and craving for power that are in the heart of almost everyone. Until the source is cleared, there will always be confusion and hate, wars and class antagonisms.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;attitude
There must be something solemn, serious, and tender about any attitude which we denominate religious. If glad, it must not grin or snicker if sad, it must not scream or curse.;William James;attitude
Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesman - not the attitude of the prospect.;W. Clement Stone;attitude
A positive attitude is not going to save you. What it's going to do is, everyday, between now and the day you die, whether that's a short time from now or a long time from now, that every day, you're going to actually live.;Elizabeth Edwards;attitude
Always keep that happy attitude. Pretend that you are holding a beautiful fragrant bouquet.;Earl Nightingale;attitude
Black Consciousness is an attitude of the mind and a way of life, the most positive call to emanate from the black world for a long time.;Steven Biko;attitude
I think music is the greatest art form that exists, and I think people listen to music for different reasons, and it serves different purposes. Some of it is background music, and some of it is things that might affect a person's day, if not their life, or change an attitude. The best songs are the ones that make you feel something.;Eddie Vedder;attitude
We submit to the majority because we have to. But we are not compelled to call our attitude of subjection a posture of respect.;Ambrose Bierce;attitude
The winner's edge is not in a gifted birth, a high IQ, or in talent. The winner's edge is all in the attitude, not aptitude. Attitude is the criterion for success.;Denis Waitley;attitude
Having a clear faith, based on the creed of the church is often labeled today as fundamentalism. Whereas relativism, which is letting oneself be tossed and swept along by every wind of teaching, look like the only attitude acceptable to today's standards.;Pope Benedict XVI;attitude
Today's students can put dope in their veins or hope in their brains. If they can conceive it and believe it, they can achieve it. They must know it is not their aptitude but their attitude that will determine their altitude.;Jesse Jackson;attitude
I think a lot of times we don't pay enough attention to people with a positive attitude because we assume they are naive or stupid or unschooled.;Amy Adams;attitude
A great attitude does much more than turn on the lights in our worlds it seems to magically connect us to all sorts of serendipitous opportunities that were somehow absent before the change.;Earl Nightingale;attitude
Chaotic people often have chaotic lives, and I think they create that. But if you try and have an inner peace and a positive attitude, I think you attract that.;Imelda Staunton;attitude
I am Classic Rock Revisited. I revisit it every waking moment of my life because it has the spirit and the attitude and the fire and the middle finger. I am Rosa Parks with a Gibson guitar.;Ted Nugent;attitude
And the attitude of faith is the very opposite of clinging to belief, of holding on.;Alan Watts;attitude
Our lives are not determined by what happens to us but how we react to what happens, not by what life brings us but the attitude we bring to life.;Wade Boggs;attitude
Being a sex symbol has to do with an attitude, not looks. Most men think it's looks, most women know otherwise.;Kathleen Turner;attitude
I am responsible. Although I may not be able to prevent the worst from happening, I am responsible for my attitude toward the inevitable misfortunes that darken life.;Walter Anderson;attitude
No rational argument will have a rational effect on a man who does not want to adopt a rational attitude.;Karl Popper;attitude
When I was a child I asked my mother what homosexuality was about and she said - and this was 100 years ago in Germany and she was very open-minded - 'It's like hair color. It's nothing. Some people are blond and some people have dark hair. It's not a subject.' This was a very healthy attitude.;Karl Lagerfeld;attitude
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.;Walter Scott;attitude
Obama does not represent America. Nor does he represent anything what our forefathers stood for. This country is basically built on an attitude. It's a way of life. It's not because you're born here. It's not that you're supposed to take from those who have and give to those who haven't. That kills a country. It killed Russia.;Luke Scott;attitude
