The universe is an intelligence test.;Timothy Leary;intelligence
An intelligence test sometimes shows a man how smart he would have been not to have taken it.;Laurence J. Peter;intelligence
It has always been my private conviction that any man who puts his intelligence up against a fish and loses had it coming.;John Steinbeck;intelligence
Clear thinking requires courage rather than intelligence.;Thomas Szasz;intelligence
Skill is successfully walking a tightrope between the twin towers of New York's World Trade Center. Intelligence is not trying.;Marilyn vos Savant;intelligence
My dad is still Christian Scientist. My mom's not, and I'm not. But I believe in God, and that there's a higher power and an intelligence that's bigger than us and that we can rely on. It's not just us, thinking we are the ones in control of everything. That idea gives me support.;Ellen DeGeneres;intelligence
A government for the people must depend for its success on the intelligence, the morality, the justice, and the interest of the people themselves.;Grover Cleveland;intelligence
You can use all the quantitative data you can get, but you still have to distrust it and use your own intelligence and judgment.;Alvin Toffler;intelligence
The best intelligence test is what we do with our leisure.;Laurence J. Peter;intelligence
The role of the intelligence - that part of us which affirms and denies and formulates opinions is merely to submit.;Simone Weil;intelligence
Whatever debases the intelligence degrades the entire human being.;Simone Weil;intelligence
Talent and intelligence never yet inoculated anyone against the caprice of the fates.;J. K. Rowling;intelligence
One of the indictments of civilizations is that happiness and intelligence are so rarely found in the same person.;William Feather;intelligence
Too many problem-solving sessions become battlegrounds where decisions are made based on power rather than intelligence.;Margaret J. Wheatley;intelligence
George W. Bush attended the intelligence briefing every day. Obama has not even attended half of them. He sends surrogates. That to me is significant.;Rush Limbaugh;intelligence
After all, it is the divinity within that makes the divinity without and I have been more fascinated by a woman of talent and intelligence, though deficient in personal charms, than I have been by the most regular beauty.;Washington Irving;intelligence
Many highly intelligent people are poor thinkers. Many people of average intelligence are skilled thinkers. The power of a car is separate from the way the car is driven.;Edward de Bono;intelligence
Philosophy is a battle against the bewitchment of our intelligence by means of language.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;intelligence
There are unknown forces in nature when we give ourselves wholly to her, without reserve, she lends them to us she shows us these forms, which our watching eyes do not see, which our intelligence does not understand or suspect.;Auguste Rodin;intelligence
Our government is founded upon the intelligence of the people. I for one do not despair of the republic. I have great confidence in the virtue of the great majority of the people, and I cannot fear the result.;Andrew Jackson;intelligence
I'm every bourgeois nightmare - a Cockney with intelligence and a million dollars.;Michael Caine;intelligence
For me, I was somebody who was a smart young guy who didn't do very well in school. The basic system of education, I didn't fit in my intelligence was elsewhere.;Bruce Springsteen;intelligence
I never think of myself as wise. I think of myself as possessing a critical intelligence which I intend to allow to operate.;Harold Pinter;intelligence
In view of the fact that God limited the intelligence of man, it seems unfair that He did not also limit his stupidity.;Konrad Adenauer;intelligence
Intelligence is the ability to avoid doing work, yet getting the work done.;Linus Torvalds;intelligence
I would like to take you seriously, but to do so would affront your intelligence.;William F. Buckley, Jr.;intelligence
The Clinton White House today said they would start to give national security and intelligence briefings to George Bush. I don't know how well this is working out. Today after the first one Bush said, 'I've got one question: What color is the red phone?';Bill Maher;intelligence
Some people worry that artificial intelligence will make us feel inferior, but then, anybody in his right mind should have an inferiority complex every time he looks at a flower.;Alan Kay;intelligence
Intelligence agencies keep things secret because they often violate the rule of law or of good behavior.;Julian Assange;intelligence
When our governments want to sell us a course of action, they do it by making sure it's the only thing on the agenda, the only thing everyone's talking about. And they pre-load the ensuing discussion with highly selected images, devious and prejudicial language, dubious linkages, weak or false 'intelligence' and selected 'leaks.';Brian Eno;intelligence
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.;Alan Perlis;intelligence
Emotion is often what we rely upon to carry us across the unfathomable voids in our intelligence.;Bryant H. McGill;intelligence
For the execution of the voyage to the Indies, I did not make use of intelligence, mathematics or maps.;Christopher Columbus;intelligence
I have met with some of them - very honest fellows, who, with all their stupidity, had a kind of intelligence and an upright good sense, which cannot be the characteristics of fools.;Giacomo Casanova;intelligence
Human intelligence may not be the best trick nature has to offer.;Bryant H. McGill;intelligence
Many openly show discontentment with their looks, but few with their intelligence. I, however, assure you there are many more plain minds than faces.;Bryant H. McGill;intelligence
My dad used to say, 'Just because you dress up in a coat and tie, it doesn't influence your intelligence.';Tiger Woods;intelligence
Intelligence flourishes only in the ages when belief withers.;Emile M. Cioran;intelligence
Poets are the sense, philosophers the intelligence of humanity.;Samuel Beckett;intelligence
Stupidity is infinitely more fascinating that intelligence. Intelligence has its limits while stupidity has none.;Claude Chabrol;intelligence
Our actions are the results of our intentions and our intelligence.;E. Stanley Jones;intelligence
Intelligence is enormously sexy.;Frank Langella;intelligence
It's part of a writer's profession, as it's part of a spy's profession, to prey on the community to which he's attached, to take away information - often in secret - and to translate that into intelligence for his masters, whether it's his readership or his spy masters. And I think that both professions are perhaps rather lonely.;John le Carre;intelligence
We have an incredible warrior class in this country - people in law enforcement, intelligence - and I thank God every night we have them standing fast to protect us from the tremendous amount of evil that exists in the world.;Brad Thor;intelligence
The private citizen, beset by partisan appeals for the loan of his Public Opinion, will soon see, perhaps, that these appeals are not a compliment to his intelligence, but an imposition on his good nature and an insult to his sense of evidence.;Walter Lippmann;intelligence
Undernourished, intelligence becomes like the bloated belly of a starving child: swollen, filled with nothing the body can use.;Andrea Dworkin;intelligence
The Gorillaz cartoons seem more real to me than the actual people on TV. Because at least you know that there's some intelligence behind the cartoons, and there's a lot of work that's gone into it, so it can't all be just a lie.;Damon Albarn;intelligence
The intelligence of few perceives what has been carefully hidden in the recesses of the mind.;Phaedrus;intelligence
Newt Gingrich has a restless and outsized intelligence that is tragically unleavened by any kind of critical sensibility.;John Podhoretz;intelligence
Football is a game about feelings and intelligence.;Jose Mourinho;intelligence
Curiosity is free-wheeling intelligence.;Alistair Cooke;intelligence
That which the Fascists hate above all else, is intelligence.;Miguel de Unamuno;intelligence
All the intelligence and talent in the world can't make a singer. The voice is a wild thing. It can't be bred in captivity. It is a sport, like the silver fox. It happens.;Willa Cather;intelligence
It has yet to be proven that intelligence has any survival value.;Arthur C. Clarke;intelligence
Chess is as elaborate a waste of human intelligence as you can find outside an advertising agency.;Raymond Chandler;intelligence
Many intelligence reports in war are contradictory even more are false, and most are uncertain.;Karl Von Clausewitz;intelligence
Advertising: the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.;Stephen Leacock;intelligence
There is no such thing as an underestimate of average intelligence.;Henry Adams;intelligence
In the clashes between ignorance and intelligence, ignorance is generally the aggressor.;Paul Harris;intelligence
Play is the only way the highest intelligence of humankind can unfold.;Joseph Chilton Pearce;intelligence
The trouble with people like Tony Blair is they get confused, they think intelligence is education when they're two different things.;David Bailey;intelligence
Bill Gates wants people to think he's Edison, when he's really Rockefeller. Referring to Gates as the smartest man in America isn't right... wealth isn't the same thing as intelligence.;Larry Ellison;intelligence
I'm a big advocate of financial intelligence.;Daymond John;intelligence
Though intelligence is powerless to modify character, it is a dab hand at finding euphemisms for its weaknesses.;Quentin Crisp;intelligence
Successful organizations, including the Military, have learned that the higher the risk, the more necessary it is to engage everyone's commitment and intelligence.;Margaret J. Wheatley;intelligence
I don't deny that there are problems in the intelligence world, but I would argue that in the UK we try to uphold the highest standards in the world.;William Hague;intelligence
My hope was that organizations would start including this range of skills in their training programs - in other words, offer an adult education in social and emotional intelligence.;Daniel Goleman;intelligence
Intelligence is quickness to apprehend as distinct form ability, which is capacity to act wisely on the thing apprehended.;Alfred North Whitehead;intelligence
It takes an extraordinary intelligence to contemplate the obvious.;Alfred North Whitehead;intelligence
Kindness and intelligence don't always deliver us from the pitfalls and traps: there are always failures of love, of will, of imagination. There is no way to take the danger out of human relationships.;Barbara Grizzuti Harrison;intelligence
God is another name for human intelligence raised above all error and imperfection, and extended to all possible truth.;William Ellery Channing;intelligence
I think the sexiest thing on anybody is intelligence. I respect somebody who has a brain and wants to use it more than a pretty face and status.;Sophia Bush;intelligence
Intelligence must follow faith, never precede it, and never destroy it.;Thomas a Kempis;intelligence
If you are going to have to play defense all the time, you cannot have the kind of ingenuity, assertiveness, independence, and intelligence which is what has made our country strong.;Arlen Specter;intelligence
There is no logical reason why the camel of great art should pass through the needle of mob intelligence.;Rebecca West;intelligence
Sensible and responsible women do not want to vote. The relative positions to be assumed by man and woman in the working out of our civilization were assigned long ago by a higher intelligence than ours.;Grover Cleveland;intelligence
No man likes to have his intelligence or good faith questioned, especially if he has doubts about it himself.;Henry Adams;intelligence
It is impossible to underrate human intelligence - beginning with one's own.;Henry Adams;intelligence
We are constantly protecting the male ego, and it's a disservice to men. If a man has any sensitivity or intelligence, he wants to get the straight scoop from his girlfriend.;Betty Dodson;intelligence
Quality in a classical Greek sense is how to live with grace and intelligence, with bravery and mercy.;Theodore White;intelligence
There is little evidence that our individual intelligence has improved through recorded history.;James Lovelock;intelligence
If you have the guts to keep making mistakes, your wisdom and intelligence leap forward with huge momentum.;Holly Near;intelligence
I really admire a woman for her intelligence, her personality. Beauty is not enough.;Roberto Cavalli;intelligence
Foolishness is rarely a matter of lack of intelligence or even lack of information.;John McCarthy;intelligence
Wisdom and deep intelligence require an honest appreciation of mystery.;Thomas Moore;intelligence
It's not just Bin Laden or just those that are involved in the counterterrorism effort. We've gotta cast the net broader than that. But I think it's a - very special tribute that we all owe to the bravery and courage of the men and women in the intelligence and military business who performed so well to finally get it done.;Dick Cheney;intelligence
One of the functions of intelligence is to take account of the dangers that come from trusting solely to the intelligence.;Lewis Mumford;intelligence
But once you are in that field, emotional intelligence emerges as a much stronger predictor of who will be most successful, because it is how we handle ourselves in our relationships that determines how well we do once we are in a given job.;Daniel Goleman;intelligence
The sad thing about artificial intelligence is that it lacks artifice and therefore intelligence.;Jean Baudrillard;intelligence
It is only when you watch the dense mass of thousands of ants, crowded together around the Hill, blackening the ground, that you begin to see the whole beast, and now you observe it thinking, planning, calculating. It is an intelligence, a kind of live computer, with crawling bits for its wits.;Lewis Thomas;intelligence
If I could have been a marine biologist I would have, but I didn't have that kind of intelligence. Numbers were never my strong point.;Nicolas Cage;intelligence
We will have to continue to improve our human intelligence system-something that was, unfortunately, lacking in the years which led up to September 11. This is going to be a continuing process of change.;John Sununu;intelligence
Intelligence recognizes what has happened. Genius recognizes what will happen.;John Ciardi;intelligence
If a cat does something, we call it instinct if we do the same thing, for the same reason, we call it intelligence.;Will Cuppy;intelligence
There'll be differences of opinion in just about every intelligence analysis that you make.;Robert Mueller;intelligence
A John Updike is a once-in-a-generation phenomenon, if that generation is lucky: so comfortable in so many genres, the same lively, generous intelligence suffusing all he did.;George Saunders;intelligence
Cynicism is the intellectual cripple's substitute for intelligence.;Russell Lynes;intelligence
I don't intend to simply go away and write my plays and be a good boy. I intend to remain an independent and political intelligence in my own right.;Harold Pinter;intelligence
If you look at military and intelligence positions from the 1950s, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict has always been against American national interests.;King Abdullah II;intelligence
