The terror of the atom age is not the violence of the new power but the speed of man's adjustment to it, the speed of his acceptance.;E. B. White;power
The great gift of human beings is that we have the power of empathy.;Meryl Streep;power
Liberty is not the power of doing what we like, but the right to do what we ought.;Lord Acton;power
I learned a good deal about economics, and about America, from the author of the Reagan tax reforms - the great Jack Kemp. What gave Jack that incredible enthusiasm was his belief in the possibilities of free people, in the power of free enterprise and strong communities to overcome poverty and despair. We need that same optimism right now.;Paul Ryan;power
I know the power obedience has of making things easy which seem impossible.;Saint Teresa of Avila;power
People who avoid the brick walls - all power to ya, but we all have to hit them sometimes in order to push through to the next level, to evolve.;Jennifer Aniston;power
I wanted to prove the sustaining power of music.;David Bowie;power
The toughest thing about the power of trust is that it's very difficult to build and very easy to destroy. The essence of trust building is to emphasize the similarities between you and the customer.;Thomas J. Watson;power
Rumors sound of galleries asking artists for upsized art and more of it. I've heard of photographers asked to print larger to increase the wall power and salability of their work. Everything winds up set to maximum in order to feed the beast.;Jerry Saltz;power
Sometimes the best lighting of all is a power failure.;Doug Coupland;power
And what do Democrats stand for, if they are so ready to defame concerned citizens as the 'mob' - a word betraying a Marie Antoinette delusion of superiority to ordinary mortals. I thought my party was populist, attentive to the needs and wishes of those outside the power structure. And as a product of the 1960s, I thought the Democratic party was passionately committed to freedom of thought and speech.;Camille Paglia;power
What makes Superman a hero is not that he has power, but that he has the wisdom and the maturity to use the power wisely. From an acting point of view, that's how I approached the part.;Christopher Reeve;power
Let him that hath no power of patience retire within himself, though even there he will have to put up with himself.;Baltasar Gracian;power
It's okay to be a fat man. It's prestige and power and all of that. But fat women are seen as just lazy and stupid and having no self-control.;Camryn Manheim;power
When the imagination and will power are in conflict, are antagonistic, it is always the imagination which wins, without any exception.;Emile Coue;power
I think it's child abuse to have someone in the public eye too young. Society basically values wealth and fame and power at the cost of well-being. In the case of a child, it's at the cost of someone's natural development. It's already hard enough to develop.;Alanis Morissette;power
'Charm' - which means the power to effect work without employing brute force - is indispensable to women. Charm is a woman's strength just as strength is a man's charm.;Havelock Ellis;power
Life is the power that's greater than I can ever comprehend. The way life runs through everything, even the tiniest elements of nature - that makes me humble.;Michael J. Fox;power
I used to wish there was a useful term for those of us who thought American power should be used to remove psychopathic dictators.;Christopher Hitchens;power
Power is not an institution, and not a structure neither is it a certain strength we are endowed with it is the name that one attributes to a complex strategical situation in a particular society.;Michel Foucault;power
He's really sort of the devil. He's completely emotionally detached. He has no empathy. You find that in psychopaths. It's about power with Voldemort. It's an aphrodisiac for him. Power makes him feel alive.;Ralph Fiennes;power
I try to deal with the complexities of power and social life, but as far as the visual presentation goes I purposely avoid a high degree of difficulty.;Barbara Kruger;power
I also take pleasure in the so-called negative power in Grotjahn's work. That is, I love his paintings for what they are not. Unlike much art of the past decade, Grotjahn isn't simply working from a prescribed checklist of academically acceptable, curator-approved 'isms' and twists.;Jerry Saltz;power
Just as Pollock used the drip to meld process and product, Richter 'found' and used the smudge and the blur to ravish the eye, creating works of psychic and physical power.;Jerry Saltz;power
Urs Fischer specializes in making jaws drop. Cutting giant holes in gallery walls, digging a crater in Gavin Brown's gallery floor in 2007, creating amazing hyperrealist wallpaper for a group show at Tony Shafrazi: It all percolates with uncanny destructiveness, operatic uncontrollability, and barbaric sculptural power.;Jerry Saltz;power
The power of the harasser, the abuser, the rapist depends above all on the silence of women.;Ursula K. Le Guin;power
The salvation of this human world lies nowhere else than in the human heart, in the human power to reflect, in human meekness and human responsibility.;Vaclav Havel;power
The people of this country, not special interest big money, should be the source of all political power.;Paul Wellstone;power
To play safe, I prefer to accept only one type of power: the power of art over trash, the triumph of magic over the brute.;Vladimir Nabokov;power
It's being willing to walk away that gives you strength and power - if you're willing to accept the consequences of doing what you want to do.;Whoopi Goldberg;power
Well, when I was younger, I lied all the time, because once you understand the power of lying, it's really like magic because you transform reality for people.;Louis C. K.;power
I think every individual has his or her own power, and it's a matter of working, taking time and defining what that power is.;Jill Scott;power
I serve a higher power, Jesus Christ. I make no apologies in saying that.;Rick Warren;power
Power is so characteristically calm, that calmness in itself has the aspect of strength.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;power
A reform is a correction of abuses a revolution is a transfer of power.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;power
Power can be taken, but not given. The process of the taking is empowerment in itself.;Gloria Steinem;power
Beauty attracts us men but if, like an armed magnet it is pointed, beside, with gold and silver, it attracts with tenfold power.;Jean Paul;power
Nip the shoots of arbitrary power in the bud, is the only maxim which can ever preserve the liberties of any people.;John Quincy Adams;power
I truly believe that we have infinite levels of power that we don't even know are available to us.;Michael J. Fox;power
And the biggest, coldest power play of all in Obamacare came at the expense of the elderly.;Paul Ryan;power
Blessed are they who have the gift of making friends, for it is one of God's best gifts. It involves many things, but above all, the power of going out of one's self, and appreciating whatever is noble and loving in another.;Thomas Hughes;power
Power doesn't corrupt people, people corrupt power.;William Gaddis;power
Ayurveda is a sister philosophy to yoga. It is the science of life or longevity and it teaches about the power and the cycles of nature, as well as the elements.;Christy Turlington;power
Do not call for black power or green power. Call for brain power.;Barbara Jordan;power
There are two kinds of power you have to fight. The first is the money, and that's just our system. The other is the people close around you, knowing when to accept their criticism, knowing when to say no.;Martin Scorsese;power
It will make a weak man mighty. it will make a mighty man fall. It will fill your heart and hands or leave you with nothing at all. It's the eyes for the blind and legs for the lame. It is the love for hate and pride for shame. That's the power of the gospel.;Ben Harper;power
The contest for ages has been to rescue liberty from the grasp of executive power.;Daniel Webster;power
Music is very spiritual, it has the power to bring people together.;Edgar Winter;power
No power on earth has a right to take our property from us without our consent.;John Jay;power
The power of the lawyer is in the uncertainty of the law.;Jeremy Bentham;power
As you enter positions of trust and power, dream a little before you think.;Toni Morrison;power
It was settled by the Constitution, the laws, and the whole practice of the government that the entire executive power is vested in the President of the United States.;Andrew Jackson;power
Every diminution of the public burdens arising from taxation gives to individual enterprise increased power and furnishes to all the members of our happy confederacy new motives for patriotic affection and support.;Andrew Jackson;power
Be good. Do good. The devil wields no power over a good man.;Harry Segall;power
Kind words are a creative force, a power that concurs in the building up of all that is good, and energy that showers blessings upon the world.;Lawrence G. Lovasik;power
In all realms of life it takes courage to stretch your limits, express your power, and fulfill your potential... it's no different in the financial realm.;Suze Orman;power
But America was founded on the principle that every person has God-given rights. That power belongs to the people. That government exists to protect our rights and serve our interests.That we shouldn't be trapped in the circumstances of our birth. That we should be free to go as far as our talents and work can take us.;Marco Rubio;power
It is said that power corrupts, but actually it's more true that power attracts the corruptible. The sane are usually attracted by other things than power.;David Brin;power
Knowledge is not a passion from without the mind, but an active exertion of the inward strength, vigor and power of the mind, displaying itself from within.;Ralph Cudworth;power
If the sight of the blue skies fills you with joy, if a blade of grass springing up in the fields has power to move you, if the simple things of nature have a message that you understand, rejoice, for your soul is alive.;Eleonora Duse;power
No emperor has the power to dictate to the heart.;Friedrich Schiller;power
The older I get, the greater power I seem to have to help the world I am like a snowball - the further I am rolled the more I gain.;Susan B. Anthony;power
I am not unconscious of the persuasive power exerted by these considerations to drag men along in the current but I am not at liberty to travel that road.;Benjamin F. Wade;power
Without education, we are weaker economically. Without economic power, we are weaker in terms of national security. No great military power has ever remained so without great economic power.;Jon Meacham;power
Also, as I lay there thinking of my vision, I could see it all again and feel the meaning with a part of me like a strange power glowing in my body but when the part of me that talks would try to make words for the meaning, it would be like fog and get away from me.;Black Elk;power
All the lessons of history in four sentences: Whom the gods would destroy, they first make mad with power. The mills of God grind slowly, but they grind exceedingly small. The bee fertilizes the flower it robs. When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.;Charles A. Beard;power
When leaders take back power, when they act as heroes and saviors, they end up exhausted, overwhelmed, and deeply stressed.;Margaret J. Wheatley;power
If you walk down the street and smile at someone, that will get passed on to the next person. That has the power to change someone's day.;Julianna Margulies;power
The American people should be made aware of the trend toward monopolization of the great public information vehicles and the concentration of more and more power over public opinion in fewer and fewer hands.;Spiro T. Agnew;power
Men have defined the parameters of every subject. All feminist arguments, however radical in intent or consequence, are with or against assertions or premises implicit in the male system, which is made credible or authentic by the power of men to name.;Andrea Dworkin;power
Physics does not change the nature of the world it studies, and no science of behavior can change the essential nature of man, even though both sciences yield technologies with a vast power to manipulate the subject matters.;Pope Paul VI;power
Sometimes power is all a person has, so they will protect it even unto their own destruction, for without power they have nothing.;Bryant H. McGill;power
Jewelry and pins have been worn throughout history as symbols of power, sending messages. Interestingly enough, it was mostly men who wore the jewelry in various times, and obviously crowns were part of signals that were being sent throughout history by people of rank.;Madeleine Albright;power
He was one of those men who possess almost every gift, except the gift of the power to use them.;Charles Kingsley;power
Responsibility walks hand in hand with capacity and power.;J. G. Holland;power
Some day science may have the existence of mankind in power, and the human race can commit suicide by blowing up the world.;Henry Adams;power
A word after a word after a word is power.;Margaret Atwood;power
Scientific progress makes moral progress a necessity for if man's power is increased, the checks that restrain him from abusing it must be strengthened.;Madame de Stael;power
The child supplies the power but the parents have to do the steering.;Benjamin Spock;power
Let us realize that: the privilege to work is a gift, the power to work is a blessing, the love of work is success!;David O. McKay;power
Revolutionaries do not make revolutions. The revolutionaries are those who know when power is lying in the street and then they can pick it up.;Hannah Arendt;power
The heights of popularity and patriotism are still the beaten road to power and tyranny.;David Hume;power
In the Old Testament, it says that if you have the power to do something good, then you have to do it. You're not to avoid helping somebody in their time of need.;Rick Warren;power
The Jewish festival of freedom is the oldest continuously observed religious ritual in the world. Across the centuries, Passover has never lost its power to inspire the imagination of successive generations of Jews with its annually re-enacted drama of slavery and liberation.;Jonathan Sacks;power
All things by immortal power. Near of far, to each other linked are, that thou canst not stir a flower without troubling of a star.;Francis Thompson;power
We should keep silent about those in power to speak well of them almost implies flattery to speak ill of them while they are alive is dangerous, and when they are dead is cowardly.;Jean de la Bruyere;power
Don't you dare underestimate the power of your own instinct.;Barbara Corcoran;power
I am opposed to the accumulation of executive power anywhere.;Noam Chomsky;power
Young film makers should learn how to deal with the money and learn how to deal with the power structure. Because it is like a battle.;Martin Scorsese;power
There's a lot more power in calm than in vituperation.;Dennis Prager;power
The leader who exercises power with honor will work from the inside out, starting with himself.;Blaine Lee;power
The fact is there is forgiveness for those who seek God. And I believe in the power of redemption.;Rick Perry;power
The ability of writers to imagine what is not the self, to familiarize the strange and mystify the familiar, is the test of their power.;Toni Morrison;power
Nature is at work. Character and destiny are her handiwork. She gives us love and hate, jealousy and reverence. All that is ours is the power to choose which impulse we shall follow.;David Seabury;power
To give aid to every poor man is far beyond the reach and power of every man. Care of the poor is incumbent on society as a whole.;Baruch Spinoza;power
It is a power stronger than will. Could a stone escape from the laws of gravity? Impossible. Impossible, for evil to form an alliance with good.;Isidore Ducasse Lautreamont;power
The simplest and most basic meaning of the symbol of the Goddess is the acknowledgment of the legitimacy of female power as a beneficent and independent power.;Carol P. Christ;power
What I fear most is power with impunity. I fear abuse of power, and the power to abuse.;Isabel Allende;power
Woes and wonders of Power, that tonic hell, synthesis of poison and panacea.;Emile M. Cioran;power
