The lie is a condition of life.;Friedrich Nietzsche;life
The goal of life is to make your heartbeat match the beat of the universe, to match your nature with Nature.;Joseph Campbell;life
If you plan on being anything less than you are capable of being, you will probably be unhappy all the days of your life.;Abraham Maslow;life
Don't ignore the past, but deal with it, on your own pace. Once you deal with it, you are free of it and you are free to embrace your life and be a happy loving person because if you don't, the past will come back to haunt and keep coming back to haunt you.;Boris Kodjoe;life
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health.;Henry David Thoreau;life
Little men with little minds and little imaginations go through life in little ruts, smugly resisting all changes which would jar their little worlds.;Zig Ziglar;life
Regarding life, the wisest men of all ages have judged alike: it is worthless.;Friedrich Nietzsche;life
Being in control of your life and having realistic expectations about your day-to-day challenges are the keys to stress management, which is perhaps the most important ingredient to living a happy, healthy and rewarding life.;Marilu Henner;life
Acceptance of one's life has nothing to do with resignation it does not mean running away from the struggle. On the contrary, it means accepting it as it comes, with all the handicaps of heredity, of suffering, of psychological complexes and injustices.;Paul Tournier;life
Bottom line is, I didn't return to Apple to make a fortune. I've been very lucky in my life and already have one. When I was 25, my net worth was $100 million or so. I decided then that I wasn't going to let it ruin my life. There's no way you could ever spend it all, and I don't view wealth as something that validates my intelligence.;Steve Jobs;life
The greatest mistake you can make in life is continually fearing that you'll make one.;Elbert Hubbard;life
A return to first principles in a republic is sometimes caused by the simple virtues of one man. His good example has such an influence that the good men strive to imitate him, and the wicked are ashamed to lead a life so contrary to his example.;Niccolo Machiavelli;life
The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;life
I just don't know how to deal with so many people giving me that much affection. I never had that in my life.;Tupac Shakur;life
The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life - mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical.;Julius Erving;life
About all you can do in life is be who you are. Some people will love you for you. Most will love you for what you can do for them, and some won't like you at all.;Rita Mae Brown;life
Wealth is the ability to fully experience life.;Henry David Thoreau;life
Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is.;Bob Feller;life
If you like small government you need to work hard at having a strong national defense that is not so militant. Personal liberty is the purpose of government, to protect liberty - not to run your personal life, not to run the economy, and not to pretend that we can tell the world how they ought to live.;Ron Paul;life
What each must seek in his life never was on land or sea. It is something out of his own unique potentiality for experience, something that never has been and never could have been experienced by anyone else.;Joseph Campbell;life
Faith is a living, daring confidence in God's grace, so sure and certain that a man could stake his life on it a thousand times.;Martin Luther;life
You cannot tailor-make the situations in life but you can tailor-make the attitudes to fit those situations.;Zig Ziglar;life
The only way to enjoy anything in this life is to earn it first.;Ginger Rogers;life
Loneliness adds beauty to life. It puts a special burn on sunsets and makes night air smell better.;Henry Rollins;life
I've reached a point in my life where it's the little things that matter... I was always a rebel and probably could have got much farther had I changed my attitude. But when you think about it, I got pretty far without changing attitudes. I'm happier with that.;Veronica Lake;life
Dad almost died of a heart attack in the middle of making Apocalypse Now, the biggest movie of his life. It doesn't make you want to jump into that business.;Charlie Sheen;life
I'm not one of those complicated, mixed-up cats. I'm not looking for the secret to life... I just go on from day to day, taking what comes.;Frank Sinatra;life
Education doesn't change life much. It just lifts trouble to a higher plane of regard.;Robert Frost;life
Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment.;Tony Robbins;life
Apply yourself both now and in the next life. Without effort, you cannot be prosperous. Though the land be good, You cannot have an abundant crop without cultivation.;Plato;life
False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports.;Richard Burton;life
Develop an interest in life as you see it the people, things, literature, music - the world is so rich, simply throbbing with rich treasures, beautiful souls and interesting people. Forget yourself.;Henry Miller;life
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter.;Walt Disney;life
Everyone has his own specific vocation or mission in life everyone must carry out a concrete assignment that demands fulfillment. Therein he cannot be replaced, nor can his life be repeated, thus, everyone's task is unique as his specific opportunity to implement it.;Viktor E. Frankl;life
Never separate the life you live from the words you speak.;Paul Wellstone;life
It is not doing the thing we like to do, but liking the thing we have to do, that makes life blessed.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;life
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.;Tony Robbins;life
The cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.;Henry David Thoreau;life
Nobody in life gets exactly what they thought they were going to get. But if you work really hard and you're kind, amazing things will happen.;Conan O'Brien;life
If I knew for a certainty that a man was coming to my house with the conscious design of doing me good, I should run for my life.;Henry David Thoreau;life
I have a great respect for incremental improvement, and I've done that sort of thing in my life, but I've always been attracted to the more revolutionary changes. I don't know why. Because they're harder. They're much more stressful emotionally. And you usually go through a period where everybody tells you that you've completely failed.;Steve Jobs;life
I would like to be remembered as a man who had a wonderful time living life, a man who had good friends, fine family - and I don't think I could ask for anything more than that, actually.;Frank Sinatra;life
Most of the change we think we see in life is due to truths being in and out of favor.;Robert Frost;life
Being yourself is one of the hardest things because it's scary. You always wonder whether you'll be accepted for who you really are. I decided to call my record 'Inside Out' because that's my motto about life. I don't think you ever succeed at trying to be anyone else but who you truly are.;Emmy Rossum;life
There is no more fatal blunderer than he who consumes the greater part of his life getting his living.;Henry David Thoreau;life
Nature and human life are as various as our several constitutions. Who shall say what prospect life offers to another?;Henry David Thoreau;life
When I am able to resist the temptation to judge others, I can see them as teachers of forgiveness in my life, reminding me that I can only have peace of mind when I forgive rather than judge.;Gerald Jampolsky;life
I'm back to doing everything I used to, loving life as ever.;Donna Mills;life
You leave old habits behind by starting out with the thought, 'I release the need for this in my life'.;Wayne Dyer;life
The way you think, the way you behave, the way you eat, can influence your life by 30 to 50 years.;Deepak Chopra;life
The quality of life is more important than life itself.;Alexis Carrel;life
I didn't see it then, but it turned out that getting fired from Apple was the best thing that could have ever happened to me. The heaviness of being successful was replaced by the lightness of being a beginner again, less sure about everything. It freed me to enter one of the most creative periods of my life.;Steve Jobs;life
I think it's important to have closure in any relationship that ends - from a romantic relationship to a friendship. You should always have a sense of clarity at the end and know why it began and why it ended. You need that in your life to move cleanly into your next phase.;Jennifer Aniston;life
Where is the Life we have lost in living? Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?;T. S. Eliot;life
I'm most proud of the blessings that God has bestowed upon me, in my life. He's given me the vision to truly see that you can fall down, but you can still get back up. Hopefully I'll learn from my mistakes and have the opportunity to strengthen and improve the next thing I do.;Martin Lawrence;life
Two such as you with such a master speed, cannot be parted nor be swept away, from one another once you are agreed, that life is only life forevermore, together wing to wing and oar to oar.;Robert Frost;life
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.;Omar Khayyam;life
You have the right to kill me, but you don't have the right to judge me. That's life. There's nobility in that. There's focus. It's genuine. It's crystal and it's pure and it's available to everybody, so just shut your traps and put down your McDonalds, your vaccines, your Us Weekly, your TMZ and the rest of it.;Charlie Sheen;life
I would say my greatest achievement in life right now - my greatest achievement period is - and I'm still trying to achieve it - is to be a wonderful father to my kids.;Bo Jackson;life
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.;Bradley Whitford;life
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.;Neale Donald Walsch;life
People are taken aback by a confident, pretty girl who knows what she wants in life and isn't going to let anyone get in her way. And you know what it's all about? Jealousy.;Summer Altice;life
What I learned in jail is that I can't change. I can't live a different lifestyle-this is it. This is the life that they gave and this is the life that I made.;Tupac Shakur;life
Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to criticize others.;H. Jackson Brown, Jr.;life
Once you've wrestled, everything else in life is easy.;Dan Gable;life
The chief reason for going to school is to get the impression fixed for life that there is a book side for everything.;Robert Frost;life
Death is not an event in life: we do not live to experience death. If we take eternity to mean not infinite temporal duration but timelessness, then eternal life belongs to those who live in the present.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;life
When you are tough on yourself, life is going to be infinitely easier on you.;Zig Ziglar;life
Take care to sell your horse before he dies. The art of life is passing losses on.;Robert Frost;life
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.;Oprah Winfrey;life
If you cannot work on the marriage or the women is a moron, staying married and cheating makes the most sense because divorce is disruptive to the family life and your bank account.;Al Goldstein;life
It's funny how most people love the dead, once you're dead your made for life.;Jimi Hendrix;life
Man's real life is happy, chiefly because he is ever expecting that it soon will be so.;Edgar Allan Poe;life
It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life.;Elizabeth Kenny;life
Winning is great, sure, but if you are really going to do something in life, the secret is learning how to lose. Nobody goes undefeated all the time. If you can pick up after a crushing defeat, and go on to win again, you are going to be a champion someday.;Wilma Rudolph;life
Live your life, do your work, then take your hat.;Henry David Thoreau;life
And Barack and I were raised with so many of the same values, like you work hard for what you want in life. That your word is your bond that you do what you say you're going to do. That you treat people with dignity and respect, even if you don't know them and even if you don't agree with them.;Michelle Obama;life
Live the life you've dreamed.;Henry David Thoreau;life
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.;Henry David Thoreau;life
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.;Aphra Behn;life
I think that there is nothing, not even crime, more opposed to poetry, to philosophy, ay, to life itself than this incessant business.;Henry David Thoreau;life
Choose your friends with caution plan your future with purpose, and frame your life with faith.;Thomas S. Monson;life
There is always a present and extant life, be it better or worse, which all combine to uphold.;Henry David Thoreau;life
A man cannot be said to succeed in this life who does not satisfy one friend.;Henry David Thoreau;life
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.;Les Brown;life
Unlike a drop of water which loses its identity when it joins the ocean, man does not lose his being in the society in which he lives. Man's life is independent. He is born not for the development of the society alone, but for the development of his self.;B. R. Ambedkar;life
Poetry is a way of taking life by the throat.;Robert Frost;life
The great advantage of a hotel is that it is a refuge from home life.;George Bernard Shaw;life
Life contains but two tragedies. One is not to get your heart's desire the other is to get it.;George Bernard Shaw;life
One life is all we have and we live it as we believe in living it. But to sacrifice what you are and to live without belief, that is a fate more terrible than dying.;Joan of Arc;life
The major value in life is not what you get. The major value in life is what you become.;Jim Rohn;life
It's a funny thing about life if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.;W. Somerset Maugham;life
Life is the flower for which love is the honey.;Victor Hugo;life
My advice to people today is as follows: if you take the game of life seriously, if you take your nervous system seriously, if you take your sense organs seriously, if you take the energy process seriously, you must turn on, tune in, and drop out.;Timothy Leary;life
Miracles, in the sense of phenomena we cannot explain, surround us on every hand: life itself is the miracle of miracles.;George Bernard Shaw;life
Keep your eyes open to your mercies. The man who forgets to be thankful has fallen asleep in life.;Robert Louis Stevenson;life
If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.;Tallulah Bankhead;life
The end of life is to be like God, and the soul following God will be like Him.;Socrates;life
Life's like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending.;Jim Henson;life
