I don't hate humanity and I'm not interested in people who do. Although, it's funny, actually, some of my favorite writers really do. Like Martin Amis. My dirty secret. 'London Fields' is one of my favorite books ever. And it's indefensible! But he's so funny... I forgive him everything.;Elizabeth Gilbert;funny
I used to say, 'Man, I think I'd be a really good dad. I'll be a great provider. I'm funny I'll go on trips with them - I'll do all sorts of stuff.' But the momming? I'm not made for that. I have a really good mom I know what she put into it.;Elizabeth Gilbert;funny
It's funny, I do try to maintain health. I started doing Bikram yoga which is that hothouse yoga, the 105 degrees yoga for 90 minutes. It's great, you purge out all the sweat and you're drinking water.;Bryan Cranston;funny
It's funny how many people will come to Vegas to see your show where they might not come out to see you unless you come to their hometown.;Reba McEntire;funny
It's funny: I'm a lifelong musician, but because I principally play the piano it's been a solitary thing.;Gary Oldman;funny
Our records, if you have a dark sense of humor, were funny, but our records weren't about comedy. They were about protests, fantasy, confrontation and all that.;Ice Cube;funny
It's funny how people who ain't never been down there can think that America is so fair and that we should be alright. It's funny that the people who have their foot on our neck are telling us, 'Get up. What's wrong with you?';Ice Cube;funny
It's a funny show. The characters are surprisingly likable, given how ugly they are. We've got this huge cast of characters that we can move around. And over the last few seasons, we've explored some of the secondary characters' personal lives a bit more.;Matt Groening;funny
Laurence Olivier said in an interview once that when he plays a tragedy he always aims for the funny parts, and the other way around. Because in a comedy you look for what's serious. I think that's true. Sometimes things are really funny if you're absolutely earnest. If you're really serious, it's hilarious.;Christopher Walken;funny
I never know when I am being funny, and the other way too. I don't think you can think about that. I don't think you can try to be funny. Some people are just funny.;Christopher Walken;funny
I tend to head for what's amusing because a lot of things aren't happy. But usually you can find a funny side to practically anything.;Maggie Smith;funny
The funny thing is, Dennis Miller got me back into comedy.;Tommy Chong;funny
I'm half Jewish, I'm half black, I look in-between. I dress funny. I play all these different styles of music on one record. It's like, What is he doing?;Lenny Kravitz;funny
The fans of 'The Hunger Games,' of the book, are very passionate. It's funny: Even at my concerts there are people holding up 'Cinna' signs.;Lenny Kravitz;funny
It's funny how the music industry is enraged about the Internet and the way things are copied without being paid for. But you know why people steal the music? Because they can't afford the music.;Tom Petty;funny
It's funny, I can sit through the worst horror film ever made but even a quite good romantic comedy can drive me nuts.;Jason Reitman;funny
Life's pretty funny when you're objectively on the outside looking at it.;Philip Seymour Hoffman;funny
People used to be funny about approaching me, but now they seem to think I'm as sane as anyone who's done what I've done in movies can be.;Philip Seymour Hoffman;funny
You know, you can touch a stick of dynamite, but if you touch a venomous snake it'll turn around and bite you and kill you so fast it's not even funny.;Steve Irwin;funny
I have this horrible sense of humor where I think discomfort is funny - partly because I experience discomfort a lot, and it's a way of laughing at it and getting a release.;Joaquin Phoenix;funny
I can never tell when something is funny. I just have to do it onstage and find out.;Margaret Cho;funny
My parents are very funny when they have to deal with anything racy or off-color. They usually pretend they don't speak English.;Margaret Cho;funny
Well, I mean, if a joke or humor is bawdy, it's got to be funny enough to warrant it. You can't just have it bawdy or dirty just for the sake of being that - it's got to be funny.;Betty White;funny
In this world, everyone wants to know everything about you, and I think that's funny.;Leighton Meester;funny
I'm just not one of those naturally funny, relaxed actors who enjoy the spotlight and are so good at it.;Heath Ledger;funny
I turned down 'Some Like It Hot.' See how smart I am? I felt I couldn't bring anything funny to it. The outfit was funny. I don't need to compete with the wardrobe.;Jerry Lewis;funny
I mean, sometimes... a comedian becomes an actor, and they just don't deliver, because the bottom line of comedy is to be funny, and the bottom line of acting is to be truthful, and they get that mixed up sometimes, or don't even notice that that's the thing.;Eddie Izzard;funny
I need to be cheered up a lot. I think funny people are people who need to be cheered up.;Lynda Barry;funny
Boston is actually the capital of the world. You didn't know that? We breed smart-ass, quippy, funny people. Not that I'm one of them. I just sorta sneaked in under the radar.;John Krasinski;funny
It's not so much what you learn about Mumbai, it's what you learn about yourself, really. It's a funny old hippie thing, but it's true as well. You find out a lot about yourself and your tolerance, and about your inclusiveness.;Danny Boyle;funny
I was lucky. My family is wonderful. And it's funny, because most of my best friends come from very large families. So it always felt as if I had lots of siblings, though in the end I had to leave them and go home. I kind of got the best of both worlds as a kid.;Sophia Bush;funny
I think there have always been funny women, from Carol Burnett to Joan Rivers. When the audience sees a woman, they innately know she's worked twice as hard to get there, she's had to prove that she can be the leader, first, and then be funny on top of it. She has to emit a confidence that she's in control.;Wendy Liebman;funny
Justin Timberlake is everything, and what more could you want in a person? He's funny. He's cute. He's great. He just understands. I get him and he gets me, and that's cool.;Britney Spears;funny
When humor can be made to alternate with melancholy, one has a success, but when the same things are funny and melancholic at the same time, it's just wonderful.;Francois Truffaut;funny
When human judgment and big data intersect there are some funny things that happen.;Nate Silver;funny
It's funny, when bands or younger musicians ask me: 'So, what does it take to make it?' Well, first explain to me what you mean by 'making it': Do you want to be a rock star or do you want music to be your livelihood?;Eddie Van Halen;funny
I mean it's funny, playing music, how of course you want it to do well, you want them to like it, but it's not competitive like an election, it's the Olympics, it's not a Formula 1 race. The Billboard charts are just to show you what people like.;Eddie Van Halen;funny
It's funny how making odd noises can get you into strange situations sometimes.;Eric San;funny
I love things made out of animals. It's just so funny to think of someone saying, 'I need a letter opener. I guess I'll have to kill a deer.;David Sedaris;funny
It's funny - if you impersonate somebody, they have no idea it's them.;Tracey Ullman;funny
Being funny, it turns out, is like being a bank. It's a confidence trick. As long as everyone believes in you, you are fine.;Evan Davis;funny
It's funny, as you live through something you're not aware of it.;Maya Lin;funny
Maybe I'm delusional but I'm usually funny. It's not 100% but I have a pretty good batting average.;Adam Carolla;funny
If Joy Behar or Sherri Shepherd was a dude, they'd be off TV. They're not funny enough for dudes. What if Roseanne Barr was a dude? Think we'd know who she was?;Adam Carolla;funny
It's funny when you're a kid how you can acclimate to almost anything.;Adam Carolla;funny
I sometimes lie awake at night trying to think of something funny that Richard Nixon said.;Lyn Nofziger;funny
My father was always a straight-up funny guy. He was silly. He was my inspiration.;Mike Myers;funny
As a writer, or as a filmmaker, you have to present yourself, and part of what yourself is is what you're interested in, or what you think is funny, or what you think is sad, or what you think is horrible.;Charlie Kaufman;funny
People ask 'do you make a conscious effort not to swear?' - if you're doing silly stuff you're not tempted to put swearing in. All the comics from my childhood, who were funny without swearing, were the people that influenced me. What I do is quite traditional anyway.;Tim Vine;funny
I always find it kind of embarrassing, kind of funny, and kind of exciting. In New York I'm recognized a lot, although nobody says anything. You know, they stare at you just a second too long. But in Paris it's not as commonplace to be recognized.;Marc Jacobs;funny
I don't think, 'Gee, I'd like to dress this person.' There was a picture in Us magazine. It was a jersey dress, and Courtney Love was wearing it. I have this thing about Courtney Love, this funny worship.;Marc Jacobs;funny
I grew up in a funny way.;Gordon Ramsay;funny
I got to dress up in funny clothes and run around New Zealand with a bow and arrow for 18 months, how bad could that be?;Orlando Bloom;funny
It was always a fantasy of mine growing up - my favorite program was always 'Little House on the Prairie' - so I always wanted to wear those looks. When I was a child, I wouldn't let my mom put me in anything but calico dresses and now... whaddaya know, every day I'm in a calico dress, basically, so it's kind of funny.;Chloe Sevigny;funny
Something about New York, man: You can do more comedy there probably than you can anywhere in the world. If you're interested in being funny, New York is the place to go.;Dave Chappelle;funny
It's funny with fiction - once you cut something, it hasn't happened anymore.;George Saunders;funny
I read the script for Wonder Boys, and I said that was almost perfect, it was so classy, cool and funny. It's a really specific thing. We stuck to it, it turned out good and a lot of people liked it.;Robert Downey, Jr.;funny
It's funny that there was so much disturbance about having a Catholic in the White House with Kennedy, and when we finally get a religion in the White House that's causing a lot of conflicts, and concerns, and disturbances for a lot of people, it's in the Bush Administration.;Roger Ebert;funny
If you use tact you can say anything, then make it funny.;Dane Cook;funny
I think Chris Rock at the Oscars was a great example. I thought that was intellectually hilarious. The Gap starts a war with Banana Republic... That to me was funny.;Christopher Meloni;funny
I'd love to date somebody cool, fun, funny.;Rihanna;funny
You know, I've always thought that it would be really funny if somebody made a romantic comedy where absolutely everything went well from beginning to end.;Fiona Apple;funny
I'm very silly as a person, but quality silliness on-screen has more of an art to it. Harrison Ford, whom I was in 'Morning Glory' with, has mastered that dry funny better than anyone.;Rachel McAdams;funny
This is going to sound really funny. I have a poster of Zac Efron on my wall! I think every girl has a poster of him in their room so, why not join the club!;Vanessa Hudgens;funny
I'm an unorthodox type of guy, a funny guy - at least I think I'm funny. And one of the things I like to do is come up with nicknames for myself.;Shaquille O'Neal;funny
Hurried and worried until we're buried, and there's no curtain call, Lifes a very funny proposition after all.;George M. Cohan;funny
In a funny way, poems are suited to modern life. They're short, they're intense. Nobody has time to read a 700-page book. People read magazines, and a poem takes less time than an article.;Caroline Kennedy;funny
I don't have a caustic sense of humor. What I find funny, that humor comes from a much gentler place.;Vera Farmiga;funny
On the stage you're there, it's live. There's a beginning, a middle, an end. When something is funny you hear it right away.;Theodore Bikel;funny
Some of the writers I admire who seem very, very funny and very emotional to me can develop a closeness with the reader without giving too much of themselves away. Lorrie Moore comes to mind, as does David Sedaris. When they write, the reader thinks that they're being trusted as a friend.;Sloane Crosley;funny
I think a lot of humor is about distracting yourself. Pretend you're not trying to make it funny. Because for some reason the effort to be funny smells like sulphur in our culture.;Sloane Crosley;funny
It's funny. People often compare me to other humor essayists. They're usually quite nice comparisons I will accept those gladly. But I am always sort of appalled at the idea of being lumped with other, more chick-y female writers. And the truth is probably that neither comparison is accurate.;Sloane Crosley;funny
Queer Eye for the Straight Guy is a form of service journalism. To be successful, I think it has to be a combination of a good story, it has to be funny, and it also needs to be packed with useful information.;Ted Allen;funny
With improv, it's a combination of listening and not trying to be funny.;Kristen Wiig;funny
For a culture that has such a problem with death, we seem to deal with it in a quite bizarre way. We see people shot, killed and blown up, and we find it funny and sexy and all those things. But, the reality of it is that every day people die, and people are really sad and they grieve and they go through a really difficult process with it.;Michael Sheen;funny
Sometimes I feel like there are people just waiting for me to fall. The funny thing is, I can't give them anything. I have just never been a partier, even in school.;Jordin Sparks;funny
It's funny. When I saw the script in my inbox and it said 'Sparkle,' I thought, 'For real? It's really called 'Sparkle?'' I was wondering, too, how does 'Jordin Sparks as Sparkle' sound?;Jordin Sparks;funny
I'm so single. It's funny. I'm usually a relationship girl. I love being in love and having a partner in crime. But it's good to be your own partner in crime. God, that makes me sound like I have multiple-personality disorder.;Brittany Snow;funny
I think things are funny when the character is taking it totally seriously.;Rachel Weisz;funny
The word 'Spanx' was funny. It made people laugh. No one ever forgot it.;Sara Blakely;funny
It's painful for me to watch someone who isn't funny. It's horrifying to sit in the back and watch some guy who just totally sucks.;Joe Rogan;funny
If you are a great dramatic actor then you often don't know if people are enjoying your stuff at all because they are sitting there in silence. But with comedy it's a simple premise. If it's funny, people laugh. If it's not, they don't.;Steve Coogan;funny
The surprising thing is that I was not funny in high school. I was always jealous of the funny kids because they always got the girls. I couldn't tell a joke to save my life.;Seann William Scott;funny
I don't really necessarily think I'm a funny guy, but I like the opportunity to take on something that I don't feel I'm the best at doing.;Seann William Scott;funny
I'm never afraid to try something if I think it's funny. And I know I'll regret it if I don't.;Seann William Scott;funny
Here is my prescription to heal all wounds. Watch the film 'Funny Girl' at least five times, eat at least 45 chocolate bars, and hang out with all those friends you blew off to hang out with your ex. I truly believe that, through a combination of Nutella, old pals and Barbra Streisand, we can achieve happiness and, very probably, world peace.;Beth Ditto;funny
My size has helped make me an amazing performer too. The cliche of the Funny Fat Friend: I absolutely was that character - I am that character... It's a complicated bag of tools I acquired, and I've put them all to work onstage.;Beth Ditto;funny
It sounds funny, but the 2008 Olympics were something that just kind of happened, and I was lucky they came at a point when I was uninjured and well prepared. As a gymnast, you can't ask for much more.;Shawn Johnson;funny
I think I have an inner confidence that my tastes are pretty simple, that what I find funny finds a wide audience. I'm not particularly intellectual or clever or minority-focused in my creative instincts. And I'm certainly not aware of suppressing more sophisticated ambitions.;Rowan Atkinson;funny
Funny things tend not to happen to me. I am not a natural comic. I need to think about things a lot before I can be even remotely amusing.;Rowan Atkinson;funny
This may sound funny, but as much as the 'Today' show matured me, it also was something of a cocoon. I'd been happy there. I never went into the boss's office and pounded my fist on the desk, saying, 'Give me more money! Give me a prime-time show!';Jane Pauley;funny
I think I'm funny because my family, my siblings were funny.;Martin Short;funny
It's funny how the hippies and the punks tried to get rid of the conservatives, but they always seem to get the upper hand in the end.;Bjork;funny
I show them the funny part, the silly part, the laughing part, the crazy part and then the really deep, deep part where I'm talking from my heart to these people. Because I've been through everything they've been through.;Richard Simmons;funny
Especially with a comedy, you've got the clear cut goal of trying to make a scene funny. It's not like drama where you're trying to achieve some kind of emotion or trying to further the story along. You're trying to figure out what's the funniest way to do something.;Luke Wilson;funny
I've started looking at my own father a bit funny. He assures me, though, that I really am the son of a Scottish postman.;Craig Ferguson;funny
I don't know now if I'm funny. I just keep talking and hope that I hit something that's funny.;Craig Ferguson;funny
In terms of the creative side of it, it's really been a thing where you come up with the funny stuff is usually at a bar or out talking to people or whatever.;Trey Parker;funny
It's funny because I think a lot of it is simply... We've never considered ourselves satirists, but because we're on Comedy Central and because we're South Park on Comedy Central, we can do any topic we want.;Trey Parker;funny
