To array a man's will against his sickness is the supreme art of medicine.;Henry Ward Beecher;art
There are no contests in the Art of Peace. A true warrior is invincible because he or she contests with nothing. Defeat means to defeat the mind of contention that we harbor within.;Morihei Ueshiba;art
Logic: The art of thinking and reasoning in strict accordance with the limitations and incapacities of the human misunderstanding.;Ambrose Bierce;art
Freedom in art, freedom in society, this is the double goal towards which all consistent and logical minds must strive.;Victor Hugo;art
To my mind the old masters are not art their value is in their scarcity.;Thomas A. Edison;art
Art is not the application of a canon of beauty but what the instinct and the brain can conceive beyond any canon. When we love a woman we don't start measuring her limbs.;Pablo Picasso;art
Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.;Pablo Picasso;art
I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it. If people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it. It's the truth.;Charlie Chaplin;art
The capacity to be puzzled is the premise of all creation, be it in art or in science.;Erich Fromm;art
We want to answer this classical question, who am I? So I think that most of our works are for art, or whatever we do, including science or religion, tried to answer that question.;Paulo Coelho;art
Ethics is in origin the art of recommending to others the sacrifices required for cooperation with oneself.;Bertrand Russell;art
Dying is an art, like everything else. I do it exceptionally well. I do it so it feels like hell. I do it so it feels real. I guess you could say I've a call.;Sylvia Plath;art
Science fiction is any idea that occurs in the head and doesn't exist yet, but soon will, and will change everything for everybody, and nothing will ever be the same again. As soon as you have an idea that changes some small part of the world you are writing science fiction. It is always the art of the possible, never the impossible.;Ray Bradbury;art
Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.;Woody Allen;art
There is no abstract art. You must always start with something. Afterward you can remove all traces of reality.;Pablo Picasso;art
So many gods, so many creeds, so many paths that wind and wind while just the art of being kind is all the sad world needs.;Ella Wheeler Wilcox;art
All in the Family was intellectual it was art.;Carroll O'Connor;art
The person who knows one thing and does it better than anyone else, even if it only be the art of raising lentils, receives the crown he merits. If he raises all his energy to that end, he is a benefactor of mankind and its rewarded as such.;Og Mandino;art
We all know that Art is not truth. Art is a lie that makes us realize the truth, at least the truth that is given to us to understand.;Pablo Picasso;art
Religion is essentially the art and the theory of the remaking of man. Man is not a finished creation.;Edmund Burke;art
What I dream of is an art of balance, of purity and serenity devoid of troubling or depressing subject matter - a soothing, calming influence on the mind, rather like a good armchair which provides relaxation from physical fatigue.;Henri Matisse;art
All great art is the work of the whole living creature, body and soul, and chiefly of the soul.;John Ruskin;art
The people who make art their business are mostly imposters.;Pablo Picasso;art
Life is not an exact science, it is an art.;Samuel Butler;art
The art of life is to live in the present moment, and to make that moment as perfect as we can by the realization that we are the instruments and expression of God Himself.;Emmet Fox;art
To be able to endure odium is the first art to be learned by those who aspire to power.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;art
If thou art a man, admire those who attempt great things, even though they fail.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;art
Every bit of me is devoted to love and art. And I aspire to try to be a teacher to my young fans who feel just like I felt when I was younger. I just felt like a freak. I guess what I'm trying to say is I'm trying to liberate them, I want to free them of their fears and make them feel that they can make their own space in the world.;Lady Gaga;art
No great art has ever been made without the artist having known danger.;Rainer Maria Rilke;art
The enemy of art is the absence of limitations.;Orson Welles;art
Only through art can we emerge from ourselves and know what another person sees.;Marcel Proust;art
Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art.;Stanislaw Lec;art
I think music is the greatest art form that exists, and I think people listen to music for different reasons, and it serves different purposes. Some of it is background music, and some of it is things that might affect a person's day, if not their life, or change an attitude. The best songs are the ones that make you feel something.;Eddie Vedder;art
Art never improves, but... the material of art is never quite the same.;T. S. Eliot;art
Being an artist is dragging your innermost feelings out, giving a piece of yourself, no matter in which art form, in which medium.;Henry Rollins;art
The challenge is to practice politics as the art of making what appears to be impossible, possible.;Hillary Clinton;art
Sculpture is the art of the intelligence.;Pablo Picasso;art
The art of living well and the art of dying well are one.;Epicurus;art
What is Art? It is the response of man's creative soul to the call of the Real.;Rabindranath Tagore;art
A great city, whose image dwells in the memory of man, is the type of some great idea. Rome represents conquest Faith hovers over the towers of Jerusalem and Athens embodies the pre-eminent quality of the antique world, Art.;Benjamin Disraeli;art
Art can never exist without naked beauty displayed.;William Blake;art
I think having land and not ruining it is the most beautiful art that anybody could ever want to own.;Andy Warhol;art
In Art, man reveals himself and not his objects.;Rabindranath Tagore;art
Art is the tree of life. Science is the tree of death.;William Blake;art
And the first rude sketch that the world had seen was joy to his mighty heart, till the Devil whispered behind the leaves 'It's pretty, but is it Art?';Rudyard Kipling;art
Eloquence, n. The art of orally persuading fools that white is the color that it appears to be. It includes the gift of making any color appear white.;Ambrose Bierce;art
I am a poor man and of little worth, who is laboring in that art that God has given me in order to extend my life as long as possible.;Michelangelo;art
All architecture is great architecture after sunset perhaps architecture is really a nocturnal art, like the art of fireworks.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;art
Passion is universal humanity. Without it religion, history, romance and art would be useless.;Honore de Balzac;art
Progressive art can assist people to learn not only about the objective forces at work in the society in which they live, but also about the intensely social character of their interior lives. Ultimately, it can propel people toward social emancipation.;Salvador Dali;art
Chance gives rise to thoughts, and chance removes them no art can keep or acquire them.;Blaise Pascal;art
Great art is as irrational as great music. It is mad with its own loveliness.;George Jean Nathan;art
A race is a work of art that people can look at and be affected in as many ways they're capable of understanding.;Steve Prefontaine;art
The art of leadership is saying no, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes.;Tony Blair;art
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.;Samuel Butler;art
In seeking wisdom thou art wise in imagining that thou hast attained it - thou art a fool.;Lord Chesterfield;art
Every happening, great and small, is a parable whereby God speaks to us, and the art of life is to get the message.;Malcolm Muggeridge;art
Thou must be emptied of that wherewith thou art full, that thou mayest be filled with that whereof thou art empty.;Saint Augustine;art
Great nations write their autobiographies in three manuscripts - the book of their deeds, the book of their words and the book of their art.;John Ruskin;art
The whole art of teaching is only the art of awakening the natural curiosity of young minds for the purpose of satisfying it afterwards.;Anatole France;art
Poetry is the art of substantiating shadows, and of lending existence to nothing.;Edmund Burke;art
I say that democracy can never prove itself beyond cavil, until it founds and luxuriantly grows its own forms of art, poems, schools, theology, displacing all that exists, or that has been produced anywhere in the past, under opposite influences.;Walt Whitman;art
Listen to your inner-voice: Surround yourself with loving, nurturing people. Fall in love with your art and find yourself. Music is the great communicator.;Glenn Hughes;art
Winners have the ability to step back from the canvas of their lives like an artist gaining perspective. They make their lives a work of art - an individual masterpiece.;Denis Waitley;art
I am a walking piece of art every day, with my dreams and my ambitions forward at all times in an effort to inspire my fans to lead their life in that way.;Lady Gaga;art
The art of motherhood involves much silent, unobtrusive self-denial, an hourly devotion which finds no detail too minute.;Honore de Balzac;art
The great art of life is sensation, to feel that we exist, even in pain.;Lord Byron;art
The foundation of empire is art and science. Remove them or degrade them, and the empire is no more. Empire follows art and not vice versa as Englishmen suppose.;William Blake;art
It is the addition of strangeness to beauty that constitutes the romantic character in art.;Walter Hagen;art
It is no great art to say something briefly when, like Tacitus, one has something to say when one has nothing to say, however, and none the less writes a whole book and makes truth into a liar - that I call an achievement.;Horace;art
If we know the divine art of concentration, if we know the divine art of meditation, if we know the divine art of contemplation, easily and consciously we can unite the inner world and the outer world.;Sri Chinmoy;art
When I am finishing a picture, I hold some God-made object up to it - a rock, a flower, the branch of a tree or my hand - as a final test. If the painting stands up beside a thing man cannot make, the painting is authentic. If there's a clash between the two, it's bad art.;Marc Chagall;art
There is nothing new in art except talent.;Anton Chekhov;art
All that we call ideal in Greek or any other art, because to us it is false and visionary, was, to the makers of it, true and existent.;John Ruskin;art
What is art? Nature concentrated.;Honore de Balzac;art
Creative without strategy is called 'art.' Creative with strategy is called 'advertising.';Jef I. Richards;art
One of the interesting things here is that the people who should be shaping the future are politicians. But the political framework itself is so dead and closed that people look to other sources, like artists, because art and music allow people a certain freedom.;Thom Yorke;art
All things are artificial, for nature is the art of God.;Thomas Browne;art
History develops, art stands still.;E. M. Forster;art
The momentous thing in human life is the art of winning the soul to good or evil.;Francis Bacon;art
Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one.;Stella Adler;art
True ease in writing comes from art, not chance, as those who move easiest have learned to dance.;Alexander Pope;art
All humanity is passion without passion, religion, history, novels, art would be ineffectual.;Honore de Balzac;art
We are all hungry and thirsty for concrete images. Abstract art will have been good for one thing: to restore its exact virginity to figurative art.;Salvador Dali;art
Those who gave thee a body, furnished it with weakness but He who gave thee Soul, armed thee with resolution. Employ it, and thou art wise be wise and thou art happy.;Akhenaton;art
Art has the power to transform, to illuminate, to educate, inspire and motivate.;Harvey Fierstein;art
Art is only a means to life, to the life more abundant. It is not in itself the life more abundant. It merely points the way, something which is overlooked not only by the public, but very often by the artist himself. In becoming an end it defeats itself.;Henry Miller;art
The mother art is architecture. Without an architecture of our own we have no soul of our own civilization.;Frank Lloyd Wright;art
Criticism is the windows and chandeliers of art: it illuminates the enveloping darkness in which art might otherwise rest only vaguely discernible, and perhaps altogether unseen.;George Jean Nathan;art
What can be more foolish than to think that all this rare fabric of heaven and earth could come by chance, when all the skill of art is not able to make an oyster!;Anatole France;art
The art of using deceit and cunning grow continually weaker and less effective to the user.;John Tillotson;art
Parents are usually more careful to bestow knowledge on their children rather than virtue, the art of speaking well rather than doing well but their manners should be of the greatest concern.;R. Buckminster Fuller;art
Great artists are people who find the way to be themselves in their art. Any sort of pretension induces mediocrity in art and life alike.;Margot Fonteyn;art
Really I don't like human nature unless all candied over with art.;Virginia Woolf;art
O, thou art fairer than the evening air clad in the beauty of a thousand stars.;Christopher Marlowe;art
What I've discovered is that in art, as in music, there's a lot of truth-and then there's a lie. The artist is essentially creating his work to make this lie a truth, but he slides it in amongst all the others. The tiny little lie is the moment I live for, my moment. It's the moment that the audience falls in love.;Lady Gaga;art
Where thou art, that is home.;Emily Dickinson;art
To speak of morals in art is to speak of legislature in sex. Art is the sex of the imagination.;George Jean Nathan;art
I don't think about art when I'm working. I try to think about life.;Jean-Michel Basquiat;art
