I fear it's because religion is man's attempt to reach God, and when he feels he has succeeded, he cannot abide anyone else's claim to have done the same.;Jerry B. Jenkins;religion
The Islam of the 18th, 19th and first half of the 20th century was a poor thing. Nobody bothered about it. Islam was that funny sort of pure system of beliefs that depressed people in the Middle East held as their religion.;John Keegan;religion
There's a generation of people I think without a strong connection to family, to religion, to civic duty. They have a real disassociation from the problems of the world.;Tim Heidecker;religion
Religion is inwardly focused and driven only to sustain itself.;Kary Mullis;religion
As I have pointed out, it is the Christian tradition that is the most fundamental element in Western culture. It lies at the base not only of Western religion, but also of Western morals and Western social idealism.;Christopher Dawson;religion
Moreover, behind this vague tendency to treat religion as a side issue in modern life, there exists a strong body of opinion that is actively hostile to Christianity and that regards the destruction of positive religion as absolutely necessary to the advance of modern culture.;Christopher Dawson;religion
The secret of a person's nature lies in their religion and what they really believes about the world and their place in it.;James Anthony Froude;religion
In course of time, religion came with its rites invoking the aid of good spirits which were even more powerful than the bad spirits, and thus for the time being tempered the agony of fears.;Paul Harris;religion
If there ever was a militant religion, it was that of early New England.;Paul Harris;religion
One's religion is one's own possession and he has a right to it.;Paul Harris;religion
For me sport was a religion... with religious sentiment.;Pierre de Coubertin;religion
Disappointment over nationalistic authoritarian regimes may have contributed to the fact that today religion offers a new and subjectively more convincing language for old political orientations.;Jurgen Habermas;religion
The first act of religion, therefore, concerns those things which are communicated to us from God. The other concerns those things which we yield to God.;William Ames;religion
I have always said that often the religion you were born with becomes more important to you as you see the universality of truth.;Ram Dass;religion
Billions of people don't practice a religion at all.;Richard Gere;religion
Energy, energy? Energy is, is, it's nothing more than a lot of new age hokum masquerading as religion.;Tony Wilson;religion
The increase of territory and power of empires by force of arms has been the policy of all great powers, and it has always been possible to get the approval of their state religion.;John Boyd Orr;religion
Religion is a mixed blessing.;John Shelby Spong;religion
It appears to be in the nature of religion itself to be prejudiced against those who are different.;John Shelby Spong;religion
The audience that I try to reach are members of what I call the church alumni association. Now they are people who have not found in institutional religion a God big enough to be God for their world.;John Shelby Spong;religion
Religion may be defined thus: a belief in, and homage rendered to, existences unseen and causes unknown.;Frances Wright;religion
I started listening to and playing other music in the '90s. It was after hearing other bands, like Bad Religion, cover Ramones songs that I started to like our songs again.;Dee Dee Ramone;religion
What are my sources of strength? My husband and my three kids, my health-care team, and my religion.;Geraldine Ferraro;religion
No religion can long continue to maintain its purity when the church becomes the subservient vassal of the state.;Felix Adler;religion
Ethical religion can be real only to those who are engaged in ceaseless efforts at moral improvement. By moving upward we acquire faith in an upward movement, without limit.;Felix Adler;religion
Oh, there's going to be debate because you're dealing with the Bible and religion is supposed to be separate from state and that to me is already a conflict before it even hits the gay issue.;Pam Grier;religion
The more you get into any religion, it becomes the same. It really becomes how you treat other people and how you get outside yourself. How you look to help other people, and how you get out of this 'I, me, mine' type of thing.;Abel Ferrara;religion
It's not my place to tell you whom to vote for, to take any political stand, to tell you what religion to believe in. I'm an athlete. I can influence certain things, but when I see other athletes and celebrities telling you whom to vote for, I actually get a bit offended.;Pete Sampras;religion
God expects from men something more than at such times, and that it were much to be wished for the credit of their religion as well as the satisfaction of their conscience that their Easter devotions would in some measure come up to their Easter dress.;Robert South;religion
I think that we are at a point in our country where we're trying to decide what role should religion play in the political arena.;Nikki Haley;religion
Let them be reassured, it has never been one of our intentions to ban religion in society, but solely to protect the national education system from any conspicuous display of religious affiliation.;Jean-Pierre Raffarin;religion
When I'm not writing, I read loads of fiction, but I've been writing quite constantly lately so I've been reading a lot of nonfiction - philosophy, religion, science, history, social or cultural studies.;Irvine Welsh;religion
I mean, I talk about being Jewish a lot. It's funny because I do think of myself as Jewish ethnically, but I'm not religious at all. I have no religion.;Sarah Silverman;religion
Man is the religious animal. He is the only one that's got true religion, several of them.;Hal Holbrook;religion
Religion fails if it cannot speak to men as they are.;William Barclay;religion
The world is my country, science is my religion.;Christiaan Huygens;religion
The true meaning of religion is thus, not simply morality, but morality touched by emotion.;Matthew Arnold;religion
I think there's been a big problem between religion, or organized religion, and spirituality.;Dave Davies;religion
My view of social media is that it is a set of tools, not a religion.;Bill Keller;religion
The Muslims have, as everyone else says, the right to practice their religion and they have the right to construct a mosque at ground zero if they wish. What I am saying, though, is that they should listen to public opinion, they should listen to the deep wounds and anguish that this is causing to so many good people.;Peter King;religion
Then if your movie clicks with real audiences, you'll be sucked into some sort of Hollywood orbit. It's a devil of a place where the only religion that really counts is box office.;Yahoo Serious;religion
When state and religion are one, religion becomes a means for the powerful to remain in power.;Walter Jon Williams;religion
I believe there is a moral sense and a global ethic that commands attention from people of every religion and every faith, and people of no faith. But I think what's new is that we now have the capacity to communicate instantaneously across frontiers right across the world.;Gordon Brown;religion
The American Indian was an individualist in religion as in war. He had neither a national army nor an organized church.;Charles Eastman;religion
In every religion there is an element of the supernatural, varying with the influence of pure reason over its devotees.;Charles Eastman;religion
I subscribe to no religion. But I believe that in the creation of art, there can be moments of God.;Andrea Riseborough;religion
I think the real problem for American religion are those minority of fundamentalists who try to identify political policies with religion.;Andrew Greeley;religion
Practically speaking, your religion is the story you tell about your life.;Andrew Greeley;religion
Well, religion has been passed down through the years by stories people tell around the campfire. Stories about God, stories about love. Stories about good spirits and evil spirits.;Andrew Greeley;religion
History is the key to everything: politics, religion, even fashion.;Eva Herzigova;religion
It is the sincere desire of the writer that our citizens should early understand that the genuine source of correct republican principles is the bible, particularly the New Testament or the Christian religion.;Noah Webster;religion
The Coptic Church respects the law but it does not accept rulings that go against the Bible and our freedom of religion.;Pope Shenouda III;religion
I do engineering, not religion.;Daniel J. Bernstein;religion
Art and Religion are, then, two roads by which men escape from circumstance to ecstasy. Between aesthetic and religious rapture there is a family alliance. Art and Religion are means to similar states of mind.;Clive Bell;religion
Most men's anger about religion is as if two men should quarrel for a lady they neither of them care for.;Edward F. Halifax;religion
I don't care what the religion is called as far as I'm concerned, one God, the God I adhere to, is in charge of all of them.;Charley Pride;religion
If there is a God, atheism must seem to Him as less of an insult than religion.;Edmond de Goncourt;religion
Think about all the great leaders. Think about Obama. Think about Clinton. Think about Nelson Mandela. Think about all the people that we know who are very successful in business, in politics and religion. What are they? They tell purposeful stories. They move people to action by aiming at the heart.;Peter Guber;religion
I'm still a person, a human being, no matter what religion I am.;T-Pain;religion
My religion lies in my composition.;John Philip Sousa;religion
In Lincoln's day a President's religion was a very private affair. There were no public prayer meetings, no attempts to woo the Religious Right. Few of Lincoln's countrymen knew anything at all of his religious beliefs.;David Herbert Donald;religion
The basic assumption of the secular society is that modernity overcomes religion.;Ulrich Beck;religion
The arts and a belief in the values of the civil rights movement, in the overwhelming virtue of diversity, these were our religion. My parents worshipped those ideals.;Jonathan Lethem;religion
I believe every religion captures a piece of the truth.;James Van Der Beek;religion
When you're in prison, you either embrace religion or you reject it. I embraced it it was a very spiritual time for me.;Henrique Capriles Radonski;religion
There is a holy, mistaken zeal in politics, as well as in religion. By persuading others, we convince ourselves.;Junius;religion
Wars have always started over religion.;Glenn Danzig;religion
I don't think we should proselytize a particular religion.;Sean Hannity;religion
I liked the humor of it, I've always enjoyed a sense of humor in God and in religion and in spirituality.;Amber Tamblyn;religion
I could never say that one religion is wrong. I could never say that this person's God is wrong, I could never say that someone is wrong because they don't believe in God.;Amber Tamblyn;religion
Who made these laws? That's what I want to know. So that's why I wear two crosses now. I call it double cross. I believe in God-not religion.;Ja Rule;religion
I travel around the world, experiencing every language, every religion... some places where there's just no reason to smile, because their lives are so difficult.;Lionel Richie;religion
To have dominion by religion, is to have dominion over men's souls, thus over their very spiritual life, and to use the Divine things, which are in their religion, as the means.;Emanuel Swedenborg;religion
The artist himself may not think he is religious, but if he is sincere his sincerity in itself is religion.;Emily Carr;religion
The point here is that physics followed the data where it seemed to lead, even though some thought the model gave aid and comfort to religion.;Michael Behe;religion
I almost got a psychology degree, I almost got a philosophy degree. I kept changing it so they couldn't make me graduate. I studied anthropology and eastern religion, epistomology, and astronomy... I took every interesting course I could find for nine years.;Patrick Rothfuss;religion
Religion theme aside, most of the time I'm in some sort of comedy and I'm a straight man and it's really just, let's wind this guy up and see him explode.;Colin Hanks;religion
Basically, fundamentalism is a modern phenomenon. In the same way that Hitler evoked a mythological religion of German purity and the glory of the past, the Islamists use religion to evoke emotions and passions in people who have been oppressed for a long time in order to reach their purpose.;Azar Nafisi;religion
Religion was used as an ideology, as a system of control. When they forced the veil upon women, they were using it as an instrument of control in the same way that in Mao's China people were wearing Mao jackets and women were not supposed to wear any makeup.;Azar Nafisi;religion
All religions have periods in their history which are looked back to with retrospective fear and trembling as eras of persecution, and each religion has its own book of martyrs.;Richard Le Gallienne;religion
The spiritual element, the really important part of religion, has no concern with Time and Space, temporary mundane laws, or conduct.;Richard Le Gallienne;religion
The only difference is that religion is much better organised and has been around much longer, but it's the same story with different characters and different costumes.;James Randi;religion
You think that religion is a thing that is there to help you and to see you through life, and then you wake up one morning and find the entire Irish situation, the civil war that's based on religion.;Midge Ure;religion
Perhaps these Ten Commandments cases will be the turning point in the legal war against religion.;Cliff Stearns;religion
The irony of the Supreme Court hearing on these cases last week and of the outright hostility that the Court has displayed against religion in recent years is that above the head of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court is a concrete display of the Ten Commandments.;Cliff Stearns;religion
Religion, you can't a handle on it, you just have to know or not know-people either believe or they don't believe.;Dennis Potter;religion
Growing up in Wales was a pretty Draconian experience with religion.;John Cale;religion
We are pre-disposed for fantasy, there is a natural impulse for human beings to want to get off their heads or out of their heads in something in a substance or a drink or an idea or a religion which will comfort them and make life exciting.;Tom Baker;religion
Religion without morality is a superstition and a curse, and morality without religion is impossible.;Mark Hopkins;religion
It's not just the effect of technology on the environment, on religion, on the economic structure, on society, on politics, etc. It's that everything now exists in technology to the point where technology is the new and comprehensive host of nature of life.;Godfrey Reggio;religion
Indeed, the acknowledgement of God is not synonymous with religion.;Roy Moore;religion
I also don't have organized religion on Pern. I figured - since there were four holy wars going on at the time of writing - that religion was one problem Pern didn't need.;Anne McCaffrey;religion
The courts are using the First Amendment to attack religion, when they should be using it to protect religion.;Ernest Istook;religion
Americans should be free to recognize our religious heritage doing that is not the same as creating a government-sponsored religion.;Ernest Istook;religion
Religion is man's attempt to bind himself back to a relationship with God.;Victoria Jackson;religion
Islam is a peaceful religion.;Youssou N'Dour;religion
I'm a modern Muslim. I pray, and if I have a question, I ask someone who is more educated in the religion than me.;Youssou N'Dour;religion
I think that Sufism fits all over the world. The concept is not anything that fits standard Western ideas - it's always related to culture, to music, to religion. It is a dominant religion in Senegal.;Youssou N'Dour;religion
In Europe art has to a large degree taken the place of religion. In America it seems rather to be science.;Johan Huizinga;religion
