My little son, Atticus, desperately needs his dad and I haven't been there for him... and that's sad.;Daniel Baldwin;dad
Work ethic has always been stressed in my family. My dad is going to be 80 years old and he still works part time. My mom just retired a couple years ago and she's in her mid- to late 70s.;Jamie Moyer;dad
My dad always said I was hard-headed, that it would take something like that to wake me up spiritually, and I guess it did. My heart had gotten so beat up that I didn't have anything left to give.;Scott Stapp;dad
You know, no matter what I am or what I do for a living, I'm still, you know, the husband and the dad and the protector of the house, and I have to be conscientious about that.;Richie Sambora;dad
Going through the grief period of my dad and losing him - that was the worst thing because you know when you get that call. When you are seven, eight years old, you have that almost vision in your mind of what that's going to be like and what your going to feel like and it doesn't prepare you.;Richie Sambora;dad
I love being a dad. I'd have more kids if I could. I'd take a couple more, one or two more before I croak.;Richie Sambora;dad
I've got my dad's height and smoking habit. But I think I've got my mum's looks and sensibilities.;Max Irons;dad
My dad was an entrepreneurial businessman, and maybe I got some of his ability.;Thomas Jane;dad
The people on my mum's side of the family are atheist intellectuals who are ueber-proper. My dad's side of the family are missionaries who are more comfortable sitting around in sweatpants than they are in a five-star restaurant. But those two influences converged in my life.;Evangeline Lilly;dad
I recruited my dad to be my bass player and fired him on several occasions. He stayed on as a bus driver.;Chely Wright;dad
Whenever I did a good performance, my Dad and my uncles, who were rabid movie fans, took me to the movies. There began my underlying love affair with film.;Mel Torme;dad
My dad thinks Obama is a socialist and all these extreme views.;Jonathan Krohn;dad
I'm a good dad I spend a lot of time with my kids.;Steve Zahn;dad
I was trying to make art that my son could look on in the future and would realize I was thinking about him very much during these times... that he can look and see my dad's thinking about me, but to also embed in these things something that is bigger than all of us.;Jeff Koons;dad
I'm probably a little more like my dad. But because of my mom, I never saw being a woman as being an impediment to being able to do something. She had her Ph.D. before I was born.;Mary Cheney;dad
We always had lutefisk for Christmas dinner, after which Dad read from the Norwegian Bible.;Peter Agre;dad
Dad was a chemistry professor at Saint Olaf College in Minnesota, then Oxford College in Minnesota, and a very active member of the American Chemical Society education committee, where he sat on the committee with Linus Pauling, who had authored a very phenomenally important textbook of chemistry.;Peter Agre;dad
To those of you who are wearing ties, I think my dad would appreciate it if you took them off.;Robert Moog;dad
For my birthday this year, my girlfriends - who knew I'd just inherited my dad's turntable - gave me a carton of albums like 'Blue Kentucky Girl,' by Emmylou Harris, and 'Off the Wall,' by Michael Jackson. It's all stuff we grew up with. I mean, you can't have a music collection without Prince's 'Purple Rain' - it just can't be done!;Connie Britton;dad
We came from a family where we ran our own small business. Our dad made his own products. We made our own sausages, our own meatloafs, our own pickles. Dad had to do everything himself. He had to figure out how to finance his business.;Marcy Kaptur;dad
My dad keeps joking about sneaking into my grandparents' house and switching out their HBO for PBS so they think I'm on 'Downton Abbey.';Allison Williams;dad
The best advice my dad ever gave me is that acting is believing. Acting is not acting. It isn't putting on a face and dancing around in a mask. It's believing that you are that character and playing him as if it were a normal day in the life of that character.;Haley Joel Osment;dad
My dad never told me that when you audition, you might not get the role. He wanted to wait until my first disappointment to tell me.;Haley Joel Osment;dad
I was really bright as a kid and tested well, and it was clear that I was going to get scholarships to any schools I wanted. My dad always said I could be an engineer at that time it was the elite of society: steady job, working in science, which was then the answer to every problem we had. It was kind of a mandate. Kind of a dream he had for me.;James Wood;dad
My parents loved each other. I was raised in a house of total love and respect. My dad worked very hard and my mother was incredibly devoted to him. I can unequivocally, without any peradventure of doubt, tell you that I was raised with the kind of love that we only dream of.;James Wood;dad
Dad is my best mate and I can tell Mum absolutely anything. I really appreciate Mum and Dad. Why are we so close? Young parents, I think. The rock business keeps their minds young.;Kim Wilde;dad
I wasn't aware of my dad being an actor when I was young. I remember there was an Australian children's entertainer on television called Ralph Harris and when I'd say my father was an actor, kids would say, you know, 'oh, is he Ralph Harris?' And I had to say no and then they would lose interest.;Jared Harris;dad
He described how, as a boy of 14, his dad had been down the mining pit, his uncle had been down the pit, his brother had been down the pit, and of course he would go down the pit.;Barbara Castle;dad
When my dad was badly weakened by the flu and my mom wanted to call an ambulance to take him to the emergency room, he wouldn't go unless he could shave first and change into a nice shirt and a pair of slacks.;Rich Lowry;dad
I'm probably going to get in trouble for this but 'American Dad' is one of my favourite shows. It gets very dark in places but the jokes are there.;Donald Glover;dad
My dad is this very sensible guy who never let me feel that anything was beyond my station.;Mireille Enos;dad
When I was little, I used to work with my dad on the engine of his car. Mostly this was a matter of me handing him wrenches.;Mireille Enos;dad
My dad is kind of a rascal, like in a Dickensian sense. He just goes from career to career.;Benjamin Walker;dad
My life isn't that dramatic. My dad really loves me, he just can't talk on the phone. He's too crippled and shy, and that's almost harder. He's there and he loves me, and I try and try and try, it's just impossible to have a relationship.;Joey Lauren Adams;dad
I don't deal with death very well. My brother, John Candy, my dad, my mom, Brandon Tartikoff just a couple of weeks ago. I mean, you lose a lot of people in your life, and that's one thing I am constantly working on - pain management.;James Belushi;dad
I don't know if there is a gene for comedy, but my dad was a very funny man. He just didn't know it. He was a naturally funny character, and when my brother and I would laugh at things he said and did, he would say, 'What do you think is so funny?';James Belushi;dad
My dad was in the army so we moved around a lot and I changed schools every year and had to make new friends, and I found that if I was the funny guy I could do that easier.;Jason Gann;dad
I would say the most help I got was from my dad. My dad is a civil engineer in Switzerland he's 90 years old now, so he's no longer active as a civil engineer, but still a very active person.;Claude Nicollier;dad
My dad has no control over who works with me. Me, me and me alone has to take responsibility for anything.;Shane MacGowan;dad
Growing up, I had a front row seat to seeing two people work really hard. My dad scrubbed toilets at a private Catholic school for a while, and that was to help me get through school.;Mia Love;dad
My family was very supportive of whatever I wanted because my grandfather was an opera singer. My dad's dad. So my dad has an appreciation for the arts, and he let me choose my own path.;Tony Hale;dad
I always wanted to be a father. I have a beautiful relationship with my dad and beautiful memories. I always knew I was going to have a family.;Ricky Martin;dad
Every family is different. I am mom and I am dad and I'm going to do my best. You should be proud, walk through life saying I have the coolest family. I am part of a modern family.;Ricky Martin;dad
My dad served in two wars has been flying airplanes for 60 years now. He was certainly quite an inspiration.;John L. Phillips;dad
I remember my dad, who coached football, would buy some of his players football shoes when they couldn't afford it.;Chaske Spencer;dad
But Dad and I are the only father-and-daughter acts who have both had No. 1 songs in England.;Lily Allen;dad
My dad passed away before my freshman year, and it altered how I thought. I was depressed - I didn't hang out with my friends. I worked through it by dancing.;Heather Morris;dad
My goal is for Gunnar to outlive me. That's the way it should be. My dream is for him to be a dad himself one day, so he can find out all the anxiety that kids bring to their dads.;Boomer Esiason;dad
My dad and grandpa were in the army and as a country singer you're constantly playing at military bases all across the country and meeting soldiers and their families and hearing their stories.;Dierks Bentley;dad
My dad was my first coach and drove me extremely hard from a very young age.;Candace Parker;dad
From my first dunk at 14 years old to my second NCAA Championship at the University of Tennessee, my intense training with my dad was always to credit.;Candace Parker;dad
On my best days, such as when I was a junior in high school coming off a 42-point performance and near triple-double, my dad was there to tell me I haven't arrived yet and bring me back to reality.;Candace Parker;dad
I love playing a dad. It's hard to find family dramas that are genuinely funny.;Peter Gallagher;dad
If a cow walked into this room, I'd probably walk out. I could milk it, but my dad never forced me to do a lot of chores like that, mostly because he loved doing it himself.;Stuart Appleby;dad
My dad is a pilot so I think I was born with the travel bug.;Isabel Lucas;dad
I didn't really get into golf until I was about 14. My mom and dad were taking lessons from a pro an hour and a half from our farm in Cohuna, Australia. When they got home, I'd ask my mom to explain everything they learned - drills and all.;Stuart Appleby;dad
I had my footballing heroes such as Bryan Robson and Diego Maradona but my dad was a rugby league star, and he was my real hero. But the relationship with my mum was rocky and we saw things that would affect any youngster.;Ryan Giggs;dad
A mustache really defines your face. My dad had a mustache when I was growing up, and I can still remember when he shaved it, he looked like a completely different person.;Jason Sudeikis;dad
Some musicians I know are incredible fathers. Like Keith Richards. A fantastic dad.;Jack Bruce;dad
I love Prince Harry. Good looking and a bit of a rebel. Me and his dad are as thick as thieves and I knew Harry before I knew his dad so we've met a few times. I think he's amazing. And I think you can relate to him because he's made mistakes. He's cool.;Cheryl Cole;dad
We all have roles in life. I'm a dad, a husband, this and that, but basically I only feel justified in being alive when I'm on the stage.;Jack Bruce;dad
I have a weird sense of humour. My dad's the same. We love watching 'Monty Python' together.;Miranda Kerr;dad
My grandmother was an actress too. In the thirties and forties she was under contract with Universal Studios. Crazy credits, lots of them. My dad was also under contract with Universal Studios. And my first film was shot on the same stage they both worked on at Universal.;Chris Pine;dad
I got stuck up a tree when I was about seven, and my dad had to come and get the ladder to get me down. I loved to climb all the way up to the top. I must have been a koala in my past life.;Miranda Kerr;dad
No, like I said, my dad was never really part of the tennis. His involvement around what I did with the tennis and with my mom and my grandparents was really not a part of my life.;Jimmy Connors;dad
I've hung out at dozens of playgrounds, bored out of my mind, with not even a look of comfort from disapproving mothers all around me. Either they think I'm a pedophile or a deadbeat dad. That's what I get for being a single dad - suspicious looks at the playground.;Dominic West;dad
My mum's parents were from Ireland, my dad's mum was American-Irish.;Dominic West;dad
Obviously, losing a parent is very difficult. I miss my dad every day, but I know he would be proud to see me continuing to swim and going for another shot at the Olympics.;Eric Shanteau;dad
I actually study boxing - my dad was a Golden Gloves champion so I learned how to fight at a very young age. Growing up in Brooklyn you always had to watch your back, so I pretty much learned to protect myself.;Lana Parrilla;dad
I'd always assumed that I would die at about the same age as my dad - he was 45. I am five years in credit now. I can't get my head around the fact that I am older than he was - ever.;Ian Hislop;dad
I'm a four star general in this thing, and you don't rise to the ranks of a four star general by hanging about the house being the perfect dad.;Sam Elliott;dad
As I get older and I get a few more years experience I become more like Dad, you know, King Lear.;David Crystal;dad
One day when I was like 9, I heard the Beatles on the radio, and I asked my dad who they were. He told me they were the best band in the world, and I became obsessed. He started giving me their albums in sequential order, and I listened to them - and only them - until I was probably in high school.;Lukas Haas;dad
I think people like to think I'm in some way financially dependent on my family - on my dad - but the fact of the matter is I've been emancipated from my father since I was 14 years old. That's something people don't know or understand.;Devon Aoki;dad
My mom grew up in Kansas, my dad in Indiana. They had boring childhoods.;Hunter Parrish;dad
My mom was a dancer, my dad's a singer and I've always had that kind of music in my life.;Elvis Stojko;dad
From about eight years old I was always making things on the sewing machine. Friends would see me making dresses and costumes, and I'd use difficult fabrics such as Lycra and elastic. But you know, my dad was creative and my brother is inventive too.;Melissa George;dad
Mum and dad thought I was going to say I was pregnant. I said oh no, no, I've just been nominated for a Golden Globe. They were like, oh that's lovely, love.;Melissa George;dad
One of the accidental joys of my writing life has been that I've had some lovely, surprisingly good fortune with readers, and I've brought readers to my dad's work. I can't tell you the joy that gives me. Because my father's work was masterful.;Andre Dubus III;dad
Somewhere in my wildest childhood I must have done something right. Being able to make a boyhood dream come true is one thing, but to have a kid come along and thrill his dad like Brett Hull has thrilled me over his career is too much for one guy to handle.;Bobby Hull;dad
My dad and mom divorced when I was around ten, and I didn't live with him after that, though he was close by and we saw each other weekly. I wasn't really aware that he was a writer I didn't start reading his writing until I was about fifteen. It occurred to me then that my dad was kind of special he's still one of my favorite writers.;Andre Dubus III;dad
The most challenging part of being a dad is self-restraint. So often your instinct is to teach and tell. I am constantly reminding myself to listen to them.;Michael Chiklis;dad
I'm a dad now and whatever I'm doing in life I usually put a lot of effort into it - usually too much effort, so it kind of comes off ridiculous at times.;Jeremy Sisto;dad
I grew up in a big Irish, Catholic family. My dad was a pretty rough guy. So one of my brothers left home when he was 15 and found his way to the gym. It gave me the opportunity to go and spend some time with him and work out in the gym.;Gerry Cooney;dad
I know who my dad is, I've met him a few times, but I don't even call him dad. I know it sounds horrible, but I don't even see him as part of my family, to be honest. If you want the truth, it doesn't bother me because I don't know any different. I just know that me and my mum, that was my family.;Sally Pearson;dad
My folks have played everything from rock, disco, pop, funk, and blues. My dad has always brought and played different genres like jazz, classical, and Latin. With all this in my pocket, I feel I have a taste of everything for my influences.;Haley Reinhart;dad
I love my daughter, but she had me on couscous and fixed me pastas and made me eat oatmeal every morning and what else, turkey burgers, turkey bacon, and that kind of stuff. So she wants her dad to live a long time, and I do, too.;Dusty Baker;dad
It's always been a dream of mine to get somewhere and to have my mom and dad with me up there.;Haley Reinhart;dad
My dad wanted me to play when I was a kid, so I learned to play the guitar. I pursued a career in music because I love it so much and I enjoy what it does to those who hear it.;Randy Travis;dad
I needed to step away from music because the truth was I couldn't be the dad I wanted to be to my kids. My truth was that I could not reconcile the two worlds - the entertainment world and being the dad I wanted to be in the present. You can't substitute time, you just can't.;Corey Hart;dad
All my band members were old enough to be my dad. It was like this family vibe.;Hunter Hayes;dad
Truthfully, I'm still Corey Hart, Dad, first.;Corey Hart;dad
I think that every therapist that I know, including my dad and my sister, have their own issues. But that empathy is what makes them good at their job.;Laura Benanti;dad
Dad worked his entire career as an aviation technician. Mom was a legal secretary who became a teacher. We lived a simple American life.;Brian Sandoval;dad
My dad was good friends with the Bad Medicine Blues Band - one of the only blues bands in Fargo, as you can imagine! He took me out to see them play when I was 12 years old and I was really inspired by their guitar player, Ted Larsen.;Jonny Lang;dad
My dad was a good athlete. My mom had longevity. There were some athletic genes that certainly got passed down.;Hale Irwin;dad
I miss my Dad. My Dad loved cheesy monster movies, so we'd have Godzilla movie marathons. Those are some of my favorite memories, laughing at how the monster outfits were so bad, like black garbage bags for heads.;Ahmet Zappa;dad
I've always had an affinity for lawyers. My dad is a lawyer. He's retired now. My brother is a lawyer.;Scott Bakula;dad
Every dad who loves his daughter is not going to want her to go with the penniless slacker loser poet bum, when she could go out with someone who's successful.;John Leguizamo;dad
