Analysis gave me great freedom of emotions and fantastic confidence. I felt I had served my time as a puppet.;Hedy Lamarr;freedom
In South Africa, we could not have achieved our freedom and just peace without the help of people around the world, who through the use of non-violent means, such as boycotts and divestment, encouraged their governments and other corporate actors to reverse decades-long support for the Apartheid regime.;Desmond Tutu;freedom
Pleasure and freedom from pain, are the only things desirable as ends.;John Stuart Mill;freedom
Look, freedom is an overwhelming American notion. The idea that we want to see the world, the peoples of the world free is something that all of us subscribe to.;Joe Biden;freedom
We must face the fact that the preservation of individual freedom is incompatible with a full satisfaction of our views of distributive justice.;Friedrich August von Hayek;freedom
Thought takes man out of servitude, into freedom.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;freedom
Art gives me the freedom I don't have when I make music.;Marilyn Manson;freedom
For all who love freedom and peace, the world without Saddam Hussein's regime is a better and safer place.;George W. Bush;freedom
The terrorists are fighting freedom with all their cunning and cruelty because freedom is their greatest fear - and they should be afraid, because freedom is on the march.;George W. Bush;freedom
The road to freedom lies not through mysteries or occult performances, but through the intelligent use of natural forces and laws.;Ernest Holmes;freedom
The price of freedom is eternal vigilance.;Desmond Tutu;freedom
Freedom is not enough.;Lyndon B. Johnson;freedom
Freedom and democracy are dreams you never give up.;Aung San Suu Kyi;freedom
All stories interest me, and some haunt me until I end up writing them. Certain themes keep coming up: justice, loyalty, violence, death, political and social issues, freedom.;Isabel Allende;freedom
People demand freedom only when they have no power.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;freedom
Freedom of the press is guaranteed only to those who own one.;A. J. Liebling;freedom
Let a new earth rise. Let another world be born. Let a bloody peace be written in the sky. Let a second generation full of courage issue forth let a people loving freedom come to growth.;Margaret Walker;freedom
The United States of America will never be intimidated by thugs and assassins. The killers will fail, and the Iraqi people will live in freedom.;George W. Bush;freedom
I do not want art for a few any more than education for a few, or freedom for a few.;William Morris;freedom
I am truly free only when all human beings, men and women, are equally free. The freedom of other men, far from negating or limiting my freedom, is, on the contrary, its necessary premise and confirmation.;Mikhail Bakunin;freedom
Death is the liberator of him whom freedom cannot release, the physician of him whom medicine cannot cure, and the comforter of him whom time cannot console.;Charles Caleb Colton;freedom
Bondage is of the mind freedom too is of the mind. If you say 'I am a free soul. I am a son of God who can bind me' free you shall be.;Ramakrishna;freedom
Those religions that are oppressive to women are also against democracy, human rights, and freedom of expression.;Taslima Nasrin;freedom
Real freedom lies in wildness, not in civilization.;Charles Lindbergh;freedom
The fifth freedom is freedom from ignorance.;Lyndon B. Johnson;freedom
The liberals think government exists to fix what's wrong with America. They find fault with our Constitution, our economic model and our core values. We disagree with the premise of their argument. We believe there's nothing wrong with America that an extra dose of freedom won't cure.;Rick Perry;freedom
Freedom of expression - in particular, freedom of the press - guarantees popular participation in the decisions and actions of government, and popular participation is the essence of our democracy.;Corazon Aquino;freedom
Men are freest when they are most unconscious of freedom. The shout is a rattling of chains, always was.;David Herbert Lawrence;freedom
It is capitalist America that produced the modern independent woman. Never in history have women had more freedom of choice in regard to dress, behavior, career, and sexual orientation.;Camille Paglia;freedom
That freedom can never be attained by a nation without suffering and sacrifice has been amply borne out by the recent tragic happenings in this subcontinent.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;freedom
Exclusion is never the way forward on our shared paths to freedom and justice.;Desmond Tutu;freedom
Freedom is the open window through which pours the sunlight of the human spirit and human dignity.;Herbert Hoover;freedom
Freedom is control in your own life.;Willie Nelson;freedom
I was interested by the idea that artists working in a totalitarian dictatorship or tsarist autocracy are secretly and slightly shamefully envied by artists who work in freedom. They have the gratification of intense interest: the authorities want to put them in jail, while there are younger readers for whom what they write is pure oxygen.;Tom Stoppard;freedom
I have no choice about whether or not I have Parkinson's. I have nothing but choices about how I react to it. In those choices, there's freedom to do a lot of things in areas that I wouldn't have otherwise found myself in.;Michael J. Fox;freedom
We can't equate democracy with Christianity because the largest democracy on earth is India, which is primarily Hindu. The third largest democracy is Indonesia, which is Islamic. Democracy and freedom are not dependent on Christian beliefs.;Jimmy Carter;freedom
None can love freedom heartily, but good men the rest love not freedom, but licence.;John Milton;freedom
Freedom can occur only through education.;Friedrich Schiller;freedom
Fashion is an imposition, a reign on freedom.;Golda Meir;freedom
Economic growth may one day turn out to be a curse rather than a good, and under no conditions can it either lead into freedom or constitute a proof for its existence.;Hannah Arendt;freedom
And what do Democrats stand for, if they are so ready to defame concerned citizens as the 'mob' - a word betraying a Marie Antoinette delusion of superiority to ordinary mortals. I thought my party was populist, attentive to the needs and wishes of those outside the power structure. And as a product of the 1960s, I thought the Democratic party was passionately committed to freedom of thought and speech.;Camille Paglia;freedom
It is better to lose everything you have to keep the balance of justice level, than to live a life of petty privilege devoid of true freedom.;Bryant H. McGill;freedom
A new breeze is blowing, and a world refreshed by freedom seems reborn for in man's heart, if not in fact, the day of the dictator is over. The totalitarian era is passing, its old ideas blown away like leaves from an ancient, lifeless tree.;George H. W. Bush;freedom
Art is the daughter of freedom.;Friedrich Schiller;freedom
Young players need freedom of expression to develop as creative players... they should be encouraged to try skills without fear of failure.;Arsene Wenger;freedom
The perfection of our union, especially our commitment to equality of opportunity, has been a story of constant striving to live up to our Founding principles. This is what Abraham Lincoln meant when he said, 'In giving freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to the free - honorable alike in what we give, and what we preserve.';Paul Ryan;freedom
That's what we do in this country. That's the American Dream. That's freedom, and I'll take it any day over the supervision and sanctimony of the central planners.;Paul Ryan;freedom
I don't like definitions, but if there is a definition of freedom, it would be when you have control over your reality to transform it, to change it, rather than having it imposed upon you. You can't really ask for more than.;Mark Knopfler;freedom
God tolerates even our stammering, and pardons our ignorance whenever something inadvertently escapes us - as, indeed, without this mercy there would be no freedom to pray.;John Calvin;freedom
A nation which makes the final sacrifice for life and freedom does not get beaten.;Kemal Ataturk;freedom
When you're not concerned with succeeding, you can work with complete freedom.;Larry David;freedom
Secrecy is the freedom tyrants dream of.;Bill Moyers;freedom
Watching President Obama apologize last week for America's arrogance - before a French audience that owes its freedom to the sacrifices of Americans - helped convince me that he has a deep-seated antipathy toward American values and traditions.;Rick Santorum;freedom
Art requires neither complaisance nor politeness nothing but faith, faith and freedom.;Gustave Flaubert;freedom
If the events of September 11, 2001, have proven anything, it's that the terrorists can attack us, but they can't take away what makes us American - our freedom, our liberty, our civil rights. No, only Attorney General John Ashcroft can do that.;Jon Stewart;freedom
Our culture is just a series of checks and balances. The whole idea that we're in a battle between tyranny and freedom - it's a series of pendulum swings.;Jon Stewart;freedom
But if you can create an honorable livelihood, where you take your skills and use them and you earn a living from it, it gives you a sense of freedom and allows you to balance your life the way you want.;Anita Roddick;freedom
But, I don't think any arranger should ever write a drum part for a drummer because if a drummer can't create his own Interpretation of the chart and he plays everything that's written, he becomes mechanical he has no freedom.;Buddy Rich;freedom
The degree of freedom from unwanted thoughts and the degree of concentration on a single thought are the measures to gauge spiritual progress.;Ramana Maharshi;freedom
Freedom is always and exclusively freedom for the one who thinks differently.;Rosa Luxemburg;freedom
Back then I didn't think a woman like that, or a relationship like that, could exist with complete freedom and no jealousy or possessiveness. I thought it sounded too good to be true and I was certainly convinced it wasn't the life for me!;Sylvia Kristel;freedom
I think this society suffers so much from too much freedom, too many rights that allow people to be irresponsible.;Boyd Rice;freedom
But I found that disappointing people is a good thing, because disapproval is freedom.;Demetri Martin;freedom
It is easy to believe in freedom of speech for those with whom we agree.;Leo McKern;freedom
America, to me, is freedom.;Willie Nelson;freedom
The new freedom of expression brought by the Internet goes far beyond politics. People relate to each other in new ways, posing questions about how we should respond to people when all that we know about them is what we have learned through a medium that permits all kinds of anonymity and deception.;Peter Singer;freedom
The man form is higher than the angel form of all forms it is the highest. Man is the highest being in creation, because he aspires to freedom.;Paramahansa Yogananda;freedom
What is the conservative movement? It's pretty straightforward. We believe that the way prosperity is created is when people have the freedom and the opportunity to pursue their dreams.;Marco Rubio;freedom
Many politicians are in the habit of laying it down as a self-evident proposition that no people ought to be free till they are fit to use their freedom. The maxim is worthy of the fool in the old story who resolved not to go into the water till he had learned to swim.;Thomas B. Macaulay;freedom
Here's a nation, one of the founding pillars was freedom of speech and freedom of expression. And yet, we have imposed upon people restrictions on what they can say, on what they can think. And the media is the largest proponent of this, crucifying people who say things really quite innocently.;Benjamin Carson;freedom
You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.;Malcom X;freedom
The history of the world is none other than the progress of the consciousness of freedom.;Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel;freedom
Freedom means the opportunity to be what we never thought we would be.;Daniel J. Boorstin;freedom
Freedom is fragile and must be protected. To sacrifice it, even as a temporary measure, is to betray it.;Germaine Greer;freedom
No one can enjoy freedom without trembling.;Emile M. Cioran;freedom
I'm not sure if it's good to have freedom or not. I'm really confused now.;Jackie Chan;freedom
Freedom is not a gift nor does it simply exist for us to have, but rather it is a sacred duty, and its blessed yield of hope is born from none other than the blood of the innocent.;Bryant H. McGill;freedom
Obedience is detachment from the self. This is the most radical detachment of all. But what is the self? The self is the principle of reason and responsibility in us. It is the root of freedom, it is what makes us men.;Bede Griffiths;freedom
What is the essence of America? Finding and maintaining that perfect, delicate balance between freedom 'to' and freedom 'from.';Marilyn vos Savant;freedom
The precondition to freedom is security.;Rand Beers;freedom
The best way to enhance freedom in other lands is to demonstrate here that our democratic system is worthy of emulation.;Jimmy Carter;freedom
I've used the prestige and influence of having been a president of the United States as effectively as possible. And secondly, I've still been able to carry out my commitments to peace and human rights and environmental quality and freedom and democracy and so forth.;Jimmy Carter;freedom
But on average, I go to the gym about four or five times a week. Today, I'm so experienced in training - I'm actually listening to my body now. My body needs freedom. When I train I create serenity and I produce oxygen in my blood. It helps me to think better and relax. By training, you accentuate the problem.;Jean Claude Van Damme;freedom
We don't appreciate what we have until it's gone. Freedom is like that. It's like air. When you have it, you don't notice it.;Boris Yeltsin;freedom
There should be a sympathy with freedom, a desire to give it scope, founded not upon visionary ideas, but upon the long experience of many generations within the shores of this happy isle, that in freedom you lay the firmest foundations both of loyalty and order.;William E. Gladstone;freedom
A mere forty years ago, beach volleyball was just beginning. No bureaucrat would have invented it, and that's what freedom is all about.;Newt Gingrich;freedom
No cause is left but the most ancient of all, the one, in fact, that from the beginning of our history has determined the very existence of politics, the cause of freedom versus tyranny.;Hannah Arendt;freedom
Victorious living does not mean freedom from temptation, nor does it mean freedom from mistakes.;E. Stanley Jones;freedom
To me, freedom entitles you to do something, not to not do something.;Shel Silverstein;freedom
A person is a fool to become a writer. His only compensation is absolute freedom.;Roald Dahl;freedom
And why do we, who say we oppose tyranny and demand freedom of speech, allow people to go to prison and be vilified, and magazines to be closed down on the spot, for suggesting another version of history.;David Icke;freedom
The Jewish festival of freedom is the oldest continuously observed religious ritual in the world. Across the centuries, Passover has never lost its power to inspire the imagination of successive generations of Jews with its annually re-enacted drama of slavery and liberation.;Jonathan Sacks;freedom
Don't ever dare to take your college as a matter of course - because, like democracy and freedom, many people you'll never know have broken their hearts to get it for you.;Alice Duer Miller;freedom
The freedom to be an individual is the essence of America.;Marilyn vos Savant;freedom
As a consequence of the victories we have registered during our first ten years of freedom, we have laid a firm foundation for the new advances we must and will make during the next decade.;Thabo Mbeki;freedom
I've returned to being an amateur without any ties or strings attached, which gives me a freedom I never had before.;Cat Stevens;freedom
In many respects, the United States is a great country. Freedom of speech is protected more than in any other country. It is also a very free society.;Noam Chomsky;freedom
Working with HBO was an opportunity to experience creative freedom and 'long-form development' that filmmakers didn't have a chance to do before the emergence of shows like 'The Sopranos.';Martin Scorsese;freedom
Freedom, morality, and the human dignity of the individual consists precisely in this that he does good not because he is forced to do so, but because he freely conceives it, wants it, and loves it.;Mikhail Bakunin;freedom
