You take a number of small steps which you believe are right, thinking maybe tomorrow somebody will treat this as a dangerous provocation. And then you wait. If there is no reaction, you take another step: courage is only an accumulation of small steps.;George Konrad;courage
With courage and character, American soldiers continue to put themselves on the line to defend our freedom, and so many have paid the ultimate sacrifice.;Dan Lipinski;courage
I hope America can also be the cultural leader of the world, and use this frontier spirit to lead and show others that we need courage to go places where we have not gone before.;Tadao Ando;courage
Australia is a nation of compassion. Courage and compassion. And the third of these great values: resilience.;Kevin Rudd;courage
You want to shut up every Negro who has the courage to stand up and fight for the rights of his people, for the rights of workers, and I have been on many a picket line for the steelworkers too.;Paul Robeson;courage
I know that throughout their history, the people of the United States defended their freedom, their liberty, their justice, and their rights - if need be - with their lives. I think their courage is so admirable.;Lee Myung-bak;courage
War is fear cloaked in courage.;William Westmoreland;courage
Love makes a subtle man out of a crude one, it gives eloquence to the mute, it gives courage the cowardly and makes the idle quick and sharp.;Juan Ruiz;courage
Heroes to me are guys that sit in libraries. They absorb knowledge and then the risks they take are calculated on the basis of the courage it took to become replete with knowledge.;William Hurt;courage
The courage of a soldier is heightened by his knowledge of his profession.;Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus;courage
Such decisions will be far reaching and difficult. But you never lacked courage in the past. Your courage is now needed for the future.;Gerry Adams;courage
Courage: Great Russian word, fit for the songs of our children's children, pure on their tongues, and free.;Anna Akhmatova;courage
Courage is never to let your actions be influenced by your fears.;Arthur Koestler;courage
To me, there is no greater act of courage than being the one who kisses first.;Janeane Garofalo;courage
A life lesson for me is, how do you muster the courage to take on a new risk? Whether it's starting up a business or taking on a new project or expedition. I think the risks that we take are all relative to the risk-taker.;Ann Bancroft;courage
Maybe you will be afraid and maybe you will fail, but the courage to take risks in any part of your life is, I feel, a very worthwhile way to live.;Emile Hirsch;courage
When I was straight, I had the courage and energy to become an actress. I owe my career to my will to stop using.;Kirstie Alley;courage
The one thing I learned the most about acting is it takes a tremendous amount of courage to go there and stand still. It takes courage and guts to step out of your mind frame and depict something.;Carson Daly;courage
Courage to continue comes from deeper sources than outward results.;Kenneth L. Pike;courage
There are always a few who stand up in times of communal madness and have the courage to say that what unites us is greater than what divides us.;Geraldine Brooks;courage
September 11, 2001, revealed heroism in ordinary people who might have gone through their lives never called upon to demonstrate the extent of their courage.;Geraldine Brooks;courage
Each of us has an inner dream that we can unfold if we will just have the courage to admit what it is. And the faith to trust our own admission. The admitting is often very difficult.;Julia Cameron;courage
You must have love as the core it takes courage to be willing to constantly tell the truth to each other and risk letting the relationship go.;Kenny Loggins;courage
Courage is a peculiar kind of fear.;Charles Kennedy;courage
An able, disinterested, public-spirited press, with trained intelligence to know the right and courage to do it, can preserve that public virtue without which popular government is a sham and a mockery.;Joseph Pulitzer;courage
Courage is... the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared.;David Ben-Gurion;courage
It takes both courage and talent to stand up in front of fellow human beings and make them crack a smile, and at the same time keep it clean.;Ray Comfort;courage
Wisdom, prudence, forethought, these are essential. But not second to these that noble courage which adventures the right, and leaves the consequences to God.;Robert Dale Owen;courage
These rules may seem simple enough, but it will require great morale and physical courage to adhere to them. But if carried out in the strict sense of the word it will surely lead to a greater success than could otherwise be attained.;Major Taylor;courage
Keep courage. Whatever you do, do not feel sorry for yourself. You will win in a great age of opportunity.;Richard L. Evans;courage
I find fault with my children because I like them and I want them to go places - uprightness and strength and courage and civil respect and anything that affects the probabilities of failure on the part of those that are closest to me, that concerns me - I find fault.;Branch Rickey;courage
Leadership requires the courage to make decisions that will benefit the next generation.;Alan Autry;courage
There's only one thing worse than a man who doesn't have strong likes and dislikes, and that's a man who has strong likes and dislikes without the courage to voice them.;Tony Randall;courage
Therefore, don't let sinners take courage to think they will be favoured like the thief on the cross for we see on the other side, they may be like the hardened one, and reproach death itself.;Elias Hicks;courage
Once I had all the facts in, I found I didn't have the immoral courage to pull the caper. So I wrote it as a story. As a teenager, I didn't have any skills for writing as such, so it came out in 1500 words.;Theodore Sturgeon;courage
Everybody, even me, sometimes had to compromise on something, doing things we know to be wrong, and this happens doing whatever job in the world. But a singer must have the courage of saying no.;Jose Carreras;courage
Part of courage is simple consistency.;Peggy Noonan;courage
Whether you be man or woman you will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.;James Lane Allen;courage
It has been my honor to support and work with President Barack Obama, a man who has brought courage and character to the presidency. President Obama's strength of character leads him to do the right thing, even when it isn't the easy thing.;Harry Reid;courage
We had no more courage than Harriet Tubman or Marcus Garvey had in their times. We just had a more vulnerable enemy.;Stokely Carmichael;courage
Pugnacity is a form of courage, but a very bad form.;Sinclair Lewis;courage
The President regards the Japanese as a brave people but courage, though useful in time of war, is subordinate to knowledge of arts hence, courage without such knowledge is not to be highly esteemed.;Townsend Harris;courage
The world will step aside for nearly anyone who has the courage of his of her opinions.;George Weinberg;courage
If one suffers we all suffer. Togetherness is strength. Courage.;Jean-Bertrand Aristide;courage
I started to send my work to journals when I was 26, which was just a question of when I got the courage up. They were mostly journals I had been reading for the previous six or seven years.;Marilyn Hacker;courage
It is up to African leaders to show their will and political courage in order to assure that this new pan-African institution becomes an efficient instrument and not a place for endless discussions.;Omar Bongo;courage
Had we lived I should have had a tale to tell of the hardihood, endurance and courage of my companions which would have stirred the heart of every Englishman. These rough notes and our dead bodies must tell the tale.;Robert Falcon Scott;courage
We know the threats - from global terrorist networks to the spread of deadly weapons. Yet we also know that embedded in this time of danger is the promise of a new day, if we have the courage and commitment to work together.;Valerie Jarrett;courage
Remember that when you meet your antagonist, to do everything in a mild agreeable manner. Let your courage be keen, but, at the same time, as polished as your sword.;Richard Brinsley Sheridan;courage
I saw courage both in the Vietnam War and in the struggle to stop it. I learned that patriotism includes protest, not just military service.;John F. Kerry;courage
Peace is a fragile thing. It takes courage to secure it. It takes wisdom to maintain it.;Jenny Shipley;courage
President Obama and our all-of-the-above energy strategy is the real deal. We are proud of the fact that we are importing less oil than at any time in modern history, and it has been because of the president's vision and courage.;Ken Salazar;courage
Grave was the man in years, in looks, in word, his locks were grey, yet was his courage green.;Torquato Tasso;courage
The people of South Carolina support conservatives who are trying to push real change, and the people of South Carolina expect their presidential candidates to back them up when they show courage.;Nikki Haley;courage
I'll know how to die with courage that is easier than living.;Georg Buchner;courage
I fear some of our leaders today have lost the courage to stand up. What we have now are politicians. They won't offer real plans, and only stand up when they want to blame someone else.;Susana Martinez;courage
As the first Hispanic female governor in history, little girls often come up to me in the grocery store or the mall. They look and point, and when they get the courage, they ask 'Are you Susana?' and they run up and give me a hug.;Susana Martinez;courage
A leader must have the courage to act against an expert's advice.;James Callaghan;courage
It takes a great deal of courage to follow another person's lead.;Bill Hybels;courage
The courage in journalism is sticking up for the unpopular, not the popular.;Geraldo Rivera;courage
Well, number one I like dancing. Number two I knew it would be challenging because I had never done this type of dance before. I always wanted to and I happened to have the courage to go out there and give it my best shot.;Evander Holyfield;courage
With his trademark courage and conviction, President Reagan led us out of the Cold War, spreading his vision of freedom, resulting in the release of millions of people from the yoke of communism.;John Doolittle;courage
Paul persuaded me to join the band. I would never have had the courage otherwise. It was fun at the beginning. We were playing just for fun, with Paul's group.;Linda McCartney;courage
I think laughter may be a form of courage. As humans we sometimes stand tall and look into the sun and laugh, and I think we are never more brave than when we do that.;Linda Ellerbee;courage
When we read stories of heroes, we identify with them. We take the journey with them. We see how the obstacles almost overcome them. We see how they grow as human beings or gain qualities or show great qualities of strength and courage and with them, we grow in some small way.;Sam Raimi;courage
My sword I give to him that shall succeed me in my pilgrimage, and my courage and skill to him that can get it.;John Bunyan;courage
Have the courage of your desire.;George Gissing;courage
I wish we lived in a society that made it safe and provided the courage for everyone to come out.;Judith Light;courage
Now that I've got some films under my belt, I have the courage of my convictions regarding acting. It gives me a leg to stand on.;Mira Sorvino;courage
The quality that defines us as Americans is the courage to respond to being hit. The courage to root out and destroy the killers. And, most importantly, the courage to hold on to our values and protect our hard-won freedoms while doing it.;Nick Clooney;courage
Courage is very important. Like a muscle, it is strengthened by use.;Ruth Gordon;courage
Love is the most difficult and dangerous form of courage. Courage is the most desperate, admirable and noble kind of love.;Delmore Schwartz;courage
I love Joan Collins. She's a wonderful lady. She has such courage. She's such a good actress.;Robert Wagner;courage
I have three favorite politicians: Reagan, Truman, and Bobby Kennedy - Bobby for showing remarkable political courage despite being loathed by many on both sides.;Joe Scarborough;courage
More firm and sure the hand of courage strikes, when it obeys the watchful eye of caution.;James Thomson;courage
That's what acting is - it's about... having the courage to allow your audience into the private moments of your characters' lives.;Kerry Washington;courage
The criteria for serving one's country should be competence, courage and willingness to serve. When we deny people the chance to serve because of their sexual orientation, we deprive them of their rights of citizenship, and we deprive our armed forces the service of willing and capable Americans.;Dianne Feinstein;courage
We had every problems starting a big top could have. The tent fell down on the first day. We had problems getting people into the shows. It was only with the courage and arrogance of youth that we survived.;Guy Laliberte;courage
The word courage - God, I love that word. Words are so important to me.;Peter Fonda;courage
Just two weeks ago, millions of Iraqis defied the threats of terrorists and went to the polls to determine their own future. I congratulate the Iraqi people for the courage they've shown in making these elections so successful.;Bill Frist;courage
Presumption should never make us neglect that which appears easy to us, nor despair make us lose courage at the sight of difficulties.;Benjamin Banneker;courage
No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut.;Channing Pollock;courage
I admired Eugene McCarthy's courage and although I left his Senate staff after four years to accept a job as the researcher on the editorial page of the 'Washington Post,' I remained an admirer.;Kitty Kelley;courage
A man of courage flees forward, in the midst of new things.;Jacques Maritain;courage
When somebody who makes movies for a living - either as an actor, writer, producer or director - lives to be a certain age, you have to admire them. It is an act of courage to make a film - a courage for which you are not prepared in the rest of life. It is very hard and very destructive. But we do it because we love it.;John Carpenter;courage
With faith and courage, generations of Armenians have overcome great suffering and proudly preserved their culture, traditions, and religion and have told the story of the genocide to an often indifferent world.;Jerry Costello;courage
I think that people need to have the courage of their convictions and not be trying to fool people into thinking that they've changed overnight.;Chris Bell;courage
Our young people have come to look upon war as a kind of beneficent deity, which not only adds to the national honor but uplifts a nation and develops patriotism and courage.;Rebecca Harding Davis;courage
Well, I think that - I think leadership's always been about two main things: imagination and courage.;Paul Keating;courage
I'm a writer of faith who worries about the intolerance of religion. I look at the past and fear we haven't learned from it. I believe that humanity is capable of evil as well as great acts of courage and goodness. I have hope. Deep down, I believe in the human spirit, although sometimes that belief is shaken.;Julianna Baggott;courage
Most of the good executives do pretty well. Because to be a good executive you have to be strong, and you have to have a simple attribute that people have forgotten about - courage.;John Milius;courage
Freedom. And Justice. If you have those two, it covers everything. You must stick to those principles and have the courage of your convictions.;Ian Smith;courage
Because at bottom, I'm interested in fear, and in courage and cowardice and these are easier to get at through fiction, where you can enter people's heads.;Kevin Patterson;courage
Before I begin talking about the threats we face, the vulnerabilities that we have, and frankly the courage of the men and women in uniform that stand in harm's way on behalf of a very grateful Nation, let me first honor the sacrifices of September 11.;Zach Wamp;courage
Those who are rooted in the depths that are eternal and unchangeable and who rely on unshakeable principles, face change full of courage, courage based on faith.;Emily Greene Balch;courage
Throughout the years, many Christian women have told me of their great respect for the bravery and courage evident in my work, perhaps even gesturing to their own Isis earrings or a Nile River Goddess pendants.;Carol P. Christ;courage
There is a measure needing courage to adopt and enforce it, which I believe to be of virtue sufficient to redeem the nation in this its darkest hour: one only I know of no other to which we may rationally trust for relief from impending dangers without and within.;Robert Dale Owen;courage
I pray they will carry on in spite of that dreadful monster prejudice, and with patience, courage, fortitude and perseverance achieve success for themselves.;Major Taylor;courage
It takes courage to know when you ought to be afraid.;James A. Michener;courage
