My parents couldn't handle my energy so they enrolled me in every sport the school was offering. I didn't resent it because I loved sports and picked them up easily.;Channing Tatum;sports
I'm not a big sports fan.;Harlan Coben;sports
I don't necessarily love the sports per se, I love the stories behind them. Also in a kind of perverse way I like to study what it does to us, why we care so much. It's caring about something that's utterly meaningless.;Harlan Coben;sports
There are two things that come very easily to me: rooting for New York sports teams and making mistakes.;Harvey Weinstein;sports
I went to Ohio University studying arts and history, and playing football. But I was only interested in girls, my pals and sports. I only did the minimum for school.;Ed O'Neill;sports
I had fun pretending to be a sportscaster. People always think that was a down thing for me. I had the best job in sports broadcasting for two years.;Dennis Miller;sports
The biggest lesson from Africa was that life's joys come mostly from relationships and friendships, not from material things. I saw time and again how much fun Africans had with their families and friends and on the sports fields they laughed all the time.;Andrew Shue;sports
I'm a big sports fan. Football. Cricket.;Danny Boyle;sports
I never really participated in specific sports or anything, but once I hit 40, I started to get a little bit more active and began swimming more.;Shigeru Miyamoto;sports
Team sports aren't my thing. I find it easier to pick something up if I can do it at my own speed. And you don't need a partner to go running, you don't need a particular place, like in tennis, just a pair of trainers.;Haruki Murakami;sports
I like both athletic girls and girly girls. It depends on their personality. I like girls who can go out and play sports with me and throw the football around, but you don't want a girl who's too much tougher than you. I like brainy girls who can respond to what I'm saying.;Josh Hutcherson;sports
I enjoy sports. I get a real joy from playing sports but I don't look for those movies. Oliver Stone wanted to know if I would do Any Given Sunday and it just didn't appeal to me.;Kevin Costner;sports
Now, I know you expected me to say that, well, I just kick back in the rocking chair, fished a little bit, listened to Willie Nelson tapes and watched old baseball games on the Classic Sports network. And, tell you the truth, I have done that for maybe about five total minutes.;Dan Rather;sports
I wanted to use sports for social change.;Billie Jean King;sports
In the seventies we had to make it acceptable for people to accept girls and women as athletes. We had to make it okay for them to be active. Those were much scarier times for females in sports.;Billie Jean King;sports
There's not a long track record of people leaving professional sports to become a software developer.;Curt Schilling;sports
I used to play a lot of racket sports, tennis and squash.;Jason Statham;sports
Sports without music, it's nothing but a game. Music adds the emotion.;Ice Cube;sports
Music has done a lot to enhance the emotions of sports. It's played in arenas. Whenever there is footage cut together they're always using music. And it goes together, you know.;Ice Cube;sports
As the National Football League and other pro sports increasingly reckon with the early dementia, mental health issues, suicides and even criminal behavior of former players, the risk of what's known as chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE), is becoming clear.;Jeffrey Kluger;sports
The families of many athletes - incensed at the sports leagues and hoping to make games safer overall - are increasingly making the brains of players who die prematurely and suspiciously available for study. Some athletes are even making the bequest themselves.;Jeffrey Kluger;sports
I think I was a good student, because I jumped over a school. My main interest was basically history and literature. Sports were basically basketball and swimming at a pool. I was so happy.;Shimon Peres;sports
Just like I find men who talk sports who don't really know sports annoying, I think men might find women who don't really have a true passion and knowledge of sports maybe not so attractive.;Gabrielle Union;sports
I've always had an interest in sports across the board.;Gabrielle Union;sports
I played sports year around: basketball, soccer, softball and I ran track year around, from the time I was, like, six, seven.;Gabrielle Union;sports
I'm nothing more than a sports slave.;Dennis Rodman;sports
There is so much hypocrisy in sports.;Dennis Rodman;sports
My chief gifts are - naturally good at all sports with a raw talent for pretty much everything, which if nurtured could develop into improper talent.;Michael Sheen;sports
A rabid sports fan is one that boos a TV set.;Jimmy Cannon;sports
The tradition in Serbia has always been team sports - football, basketball, handball, volleyball and water polo, individual sports are not supported.;Novak Djokovic;sports
I'm the kind of guy that if I don't work out, I will get bigger and look like one of the guys who used to play sports.;Seann William Scott;sports
I was a total athlete. I loved sports, but when I realized I wasn't going to be a professional athlete, I realized I wanted to be in movies.;Seann William Scott;sports
I love extreme sports, I like snowboarding and motorcross and rollerblading and hockey.;Jeremy London;sports
I've aways been good at picking up certain things, like sports and dancing.;Channing Tatum;sports
There are kids who get on a BMX bike when they're eight years old and they go, 'Whoa, this is incredible,' and grow up to do extreme sports. It's the same for me with acting.;Joaquin Phoenix;sports
I never played sports. I wasn't any good at them.;Leighton Meester;sports
Being a celebrity you always get really good seats to sporting events but you never get as good seats as the photographers get. And I really love sports. So one of the scams I have going now is I want to learn sports photography so I can get better seats at a sporting event.;Drew Carey;sports
But sports photography isn't something you just pick up overnight. You can't do it once a year for fun and expect to do a good job. And I take pride in what I do.;Drew Carey;sports
I know I could be the host of 'SportsCenter' in two years if I changed my show today to sports.;Gary Vaynerchuk;sports
Making movies was more a reaction to not being chosen for sports. Other kids were out there playing at whatever I was off making something blow up and filming it, or making a mould of my sister's head using alginating plaster.;J. J. Abrams;sports
I've been a sports fan all my life, and like most other actors, I'm convinced I could have been a pro athlete if Hollywood hadn't come calling.;Jamie Foxx;sports
It sounds like a cliche, but it... you do sing about what you know about. And I grew up in a small town, and I grew up in a place where your whole world revolved around friends, family, school, and church, and sports.;Kenny Chesney;sports
I grew up being into sports and I wasn't trained to move my body in the right way for dancing. I'm the last one to get any moves correct. In rehearsals it's always, 'OK, one more take for Zac.';Zac Efron;sports
Sports is a metaphor for overcoming obstacles and achieving against great odds. Athletes, in times of difficulty, can be important role models.;Bill Bradley;sports
There is a syndrome in sports called 'paralysis by analysis.';Arthur Ashe;sports
I play sports.;Josh Hutcherson;sports
I don't watch a lot of television. Sports and news, that's it.;Larry Hagman;sports
There's three things men always talk about - women, sports, and cars.;Mario Lopez;sports
Of course, in our grade school, in those days, there were no organized sports at all. We just went out and ran around the school yard for recess.;Alan Shepard;sports
I am a sports fanatic and being able to perform at halftime for the fans of the Steelers and the Jets is such a thrill for me.;Joe Nichols;sports
I'm not into extreme sports or something. I just live a quiet life.;Charlie Kaufman;sports
There is no life for girls in team sports past Little League. I got into tennis when I realized this, and because I thought golf would be too slow for me, and I was too scared to swim.;Billie Jean King;sports
I liked the game, I enjoyed the game, and the game fed me enough, and gave me enough rewards to reinforce that this is something that I should spend time doing, and that I could possibly make a priority in my life, versus other sports.;Julius Erving;sports
One of the things in the back of my mind is that, after my sports experience, I never want to be, totally consumed by any one endeavor, other than my family life.;Julius Erving;sports
Books had instant replay long before televised sports.;Bernard Williams;sports
I've had the good fortune to have a much more diverse life than most people would, professional sports and television and news and movies.;Ted Turner;sports
I have zero interest in sports of any kind - professional, college or international.;Jimmy Wales;sports
I have to wear two sports bras when I do my cardio. It takes a lot to hold these puppies up!;Fergie;sports
I'm really into extreme sports and just having fun.;Kellan Lutz;sports
I am so fidgety - I swear I have ADD - and I always need to be doing something or being outside, just playing sports.;Kellan Lutz;sports
Sport was my absolute love. It was very sporty household. We had my - my brother and I both loved sports.;Delta Goodrem;sports
I got amazing training both with Theatre Sports... back in Edmonton, Alberta - I can't give those people enough credit - and the daytime drama I did. Incredible training, both of them.;Nathan Fillion;sports
In any small town, sports are really important to the high school, and I wasn't very good at sports.;Martina McBride;sports
It certainly is dangerous that there are only a few clubs left in Europe that can afford to pay millions. At the end of the day however, the spectators decide the rates of pay - by watching the games and consuming the goods and services advertised on sports TV programmes.;Angela Merkel;sports
I was a sports fan, but I also went to peace marches.;Tim Robbins;sports
I think they need to get a more reliable way of watching television on the laptop. Because I travel so much, if I want to watch my favorite sports team it might not be showing in that place, so I want a reliable way to watch whatever I want to watch on my laptop.;John Legend;sports
I've been looking at companies that are on a positive path vs. a negative path and I've come to use the language of sports, winning streaks and losing streaks.;Rosabeth Moss Kanter;sports
Amateurism is the strongest form of discrimination in sports. Because it discriminates against the underprivileged, it discriminates against the poor. If we want sports to go back to the wealthy, let's make it amateur again.;Carl Lewis;sports
I always separated sports and my personal life.;Carl Lewis;sports
If you look at things that really affect people's lives - sport, the arts, charities - they were always at the back of the queue for government money - health, social security, defence, pensions were all way ahead. And each of those areas - sports, the arts, the lottery - got relatively petty cash from the government.;John Major;sports
Your body's really only meant to compete at the highest levels of combat sports for a few years.;Joe Rogan;sports
I never in my wildest imagination dreamed that I would somehow become a sports commentator.;Joe Rogan;sports
I don't want to have to say, Honey, you know, could you turn off the sports channel because I'm not a big sports fan, and I don't love the television being on just for the sake of turning on. I'd like turning on for some thing specific.;Lynn Redgrave;sports
A supermodel needed to be able to be on 'Sports Illustrated,' to be able to walk runways, to be able to do beauty ads, to be on covers. And the girls now can no longer be on covers and be in the ads because your actresses have taken over all the jobs. I don't know what happened, but we want our jobs back.;Kim Alexis;sports
Growing up in the time of Title IX - it was passed when I was 10 - I got a front-row seat to so many great moments in women's sports. Of course I didn't know it at the time.;Jackie Joyner-Kersee;sports
When I was in elementary school, we weren't allowed to do sports other than cheerleading. By junior high, they let us play, but we had to come back after 6:30 p.m. to practice because there was only one gymnasium and the boys used it first.;Jackie Joyner-Kersee;sports
Competing in both track and field and basketball for the Bruins I have a lot of great memories to choose from. But my all-time favorite moment in collegiate sports has to be in 1982 when we won UCLA's first NCAA title in track.;Jackie Joyner-Kersee;sports
We live in a world where sports have the potential to bridge the gap between racism, sexism and discrimination. The 2012 Olympic Games was a great start but hopefully what these games taught us is that if women are given an opportunity on an equal playing field the possibilities for women are endless.;Jackie Joyner-Kersee;sports
I had my boy in Boston on Easter Sunday. That kills me, from a sports perspective. He's a Boston baby and I'm a New York guy.;Kevin James;sports
I only have two things in my life, my family and work. If there's any time left over, then I play sports.;Mark Zandi;sports
Soccer and cricket were my main sports growing up. I had trials as a soccer player with a few clubs interested, Crystal Palace being one, but it was cricket which became my chosen profession.;Ian Botham;sports
Where I came from, sports were the only way to get out front.;Joe Namath;sports
I was focused on athletics, outdoors, sports.;Joe Namath;sports
I was lucky enough when it came to sports and work ethic to be taught some basics that continue to be important.;Joe Namath;sports
We're going to have more kids playing, and we're going to have a better chance of finding those players Minor sports in a community is for fun and recreation. For everyone.;Bobby Orr;sports
Everyone thought I was going to die like a year later, they didn't know. So I helped educate sports, and then the world, that a man living with HIV can play basketball. He's not going to give it to anybody by playing basketball.;Magic Johnson;sports
I love various sports, including basketball, tennis and billiards.;Yani Tseng;sports
Boxing, mixed martial arts and tennis are the hardest sports to train for.;Andy Murray;sports
A lot of athletes use sports psychologists.;Andy Murray;sports
I like to follow my favorite team and talk sports with my band or fans. You won't believe how many musicians are sports fans. We have so much time on tour that we need these outlets for relaxation.;Garth Brooks;sports
I do not like sports, unless you consider treating all humankind with love and respect a sport.;Todd Barry;sports
I don't think there's anything that is a greater area of discrimination against women today than the fact that nowhere in the world is there a female role model in team sports that more than half of a general audience would recognize.;Warren Farrell;sports
Men's competitive team sports focus on the balance between individual achievement and team achievement with the emphasis on team achievement.;Warren Farrell;sports
We've just got to be careful - with all sports, let alone cricket - I think there's so much emphasis on doing the right thing all the time, but I think the public want to be entertained when they come to watch sport.;Shane Warne;sports
Most Indians go into education. Their parents just push them into education like parents in Australia push them into sports.;Mahesh Bhupathi;sports
I didn't go to normal children school. I went to sports school when I was 8. So I studied martial arts.;Jet Li;sports
I had no interest in sports so I didn't make friends in that traditional way where kids are in public school and they go and they join clubs, and play sports. So I kind of had to find my own way to make friends and get attention and so I just was the class clown.;Zach Braff;sports
As a kid who wasn't into sports, at school I felt almost alienated at times, whereas in the theatre community there was this amazing sense of camaraderie. Early on, we would go to rehearsals with my dad and I was like the mascot for the backstage crew. That was a big part of my childhood, so I dreamed of one day doing a play in London.;Zach Braff;sports
I also have a soft spot for spicy chicken wings. They are always best eaten at dives and sports bars, like Wogie's in the West Village, New York City, near my house.;Gail Simmons;sports
