When I went off to the army when I was 17 years old, I believed in America and the rights of freedom. But today I believe my government is lying to the American people and that my president, George Bush, is a criminal.;Jack Herer;freedom
Without freedom of the press, there can be no representative government.;Charles Maurice de Talleyrand;freedom
I have a fantastic relationship with money. I use it to buy my freedom.;Gianni Versace;freedom
Three simple words - freedom, justice and honesty. These sum up what the Liberal Democrats stand for.;Charles Kennedy;freedom
Money equals freedom.;Kevin O'Leary;freedom
A man of strength and wisdom, John Paul became an inspiration to generations of both Catholics and non-Catholics throughout the world by encouraging freedom, promoting peace and respecting all faiths.;Greg Walden;freedom
As a child I was given the freedom to explore my passion for acting, but I also grew up in a home where there were a lot of rules. I didn't have 'yes' parents.;Emmanuelle Chriqui;freedom
If a jerk burns the flag, America is not threatened, democracy is not under siege, freedom is not at risk.;Gary Ackerman;freedom
I know what you're going to say! 'They are men, and men should be free.' A free man is dangerous to himself and everyone else. Freedom should be left to those who can put it to good use.;Dave Sim;freedom
Freedom is a muscle... you have to exercise it.;Roy Scheider;freedom
People want the freedom. They want to be able to shop. If you don't like the shop trading hours and you're a shop owner, you don't have to open.;Jay Weatherill;freedom
A trait which differentiated New York from European cities was the incredible freedom and ease in which life, including sexual life, could be carried on, on many levels.;Jerzy Kosinski;freedom
School gives you the freedom to explore different philosophies, religions, aspects of yourself, and subjects.;Leigh Steinberg;freedom
The humor is essentially dark for a cartoon and sophisticated. But at the same time, being a cartoon gives the writers more freedom than in a normal sitcom. It always pushes the line that, despite human failings, the Simpsons are really decent people.;Dan Castellaneta;freedom
We need international support so that our people live a life of normality, of dignity, of liberty and freedom. I hope that our cry for freedom may be heard.;Mahmoud Abbas;freedom
In terms of filming, yes, it really does feel over now. There's a real sense of freedom now. It's a good time to finish, I think. As much as I'm going to miss it I'm ready to move on and do different things.;Rupert Grint;freedom
Our soldiers have nobly fought to protect freedom since our country's birth, and have fought to protect those that could not protect themselves, even in foreign lands when called upon.;John Linder;freedom
To stop terrorists before the strike, we must do three things: deny them entry into the country, curtail their freedom of action inside the country, and deprive them of material and moral support from within the country.;Richard Perle;freedom
I think that we could be more careful about what we're saying to young women in terms of their expectations. It's unrealistic to expect people to always be in designer clothes. Girls growing up deserve more freedom in how they look and how they feel about how they look.;Emily Procter;freedom
I was the youngest child and got a lot more freedom than my brother and sister. I used to wander, doing my own thing under the radar, but I didn't get in bad, bad trouble.;Paul Giamatti;freedom
I grew up under Communism so we could only learn Russian, and then when Communism fell in 1989 we could learn a few more things and have the freedom to travel and the freedom of speech - and the freedom of dreaming, really.;Petra Nemcova;freedom
Now we understand much more clearly. why people from all over the world want to come to New York and to America. It's called freedom.;Rudy Giuliani;freedom
The balance between freedom and security is a delicate one.;Mark Udall;freedom
Freedom - an occupied space which must be reoccupied every day.;John Ralston Saul;freedom
Spirit borrows from matter the perceptions on which it feeds and restores them to matter in the form of movements which it has stamped with its own freedom.;Henri Bergson;freedom
We live in a land like no other - a land of freedom and opportunity unparalleled on the face of the globe.;Bob Taft;freedom
We've got to understand that the whole nature of the way American democracy guards its freedom has been changed.;John Ashcroft;freedom
When public access to voting is impaired or when public confidence in voting is diluted, democracy suffers and our freedom is less secure.;DeForest Soaries;freedom
If technology has finally caught up with individual liberty, why would anyone who loves freedom want to rethink that?;Matt Drudge;freedom
I am somebody who... - I'm not saying I'm perfect, but I need that freedom, that ability to make mistakes out there. Because there's a fine line between making a mistake or being brilliant.;Tiffeny Milbrett;freedom
I am not an anti to anything which will bring freedom to my class.;Mary Harris Jones;freedom
We are a nation in which freedom is alive in the squares and streets, in the daily work of the communications media, in the open relationship between the governing and the governed.;Vicente Fox;freedom
If you ask me to summarise our mission, I would put it this way: We were a military regime that sought to lay the foundations for freedom and liberty in a complex society.;Ibrahim Babangida;freedom
Most importantly, nothing has happened to change my conviction that freedom and the love of liberty remain the essential defining attributes of our national character as a people.;Ibrahim Babangida;freedom
The challenge as we saw in the Nigerian project was to restructure the economy decisively in the direction of a modern free market as an appropriate environment for cultivation of freedom and democracy and the natural emergence of a new social order.;Ibrahim Babangida;freedom
While it's really hard to do, at the same time, I'm escaping my body, which I really want to do. I'm living someone else's life. I get very intensely into the story, into the interviews and the research. I'm experiencing things along with my subjects. I have a freedom I don't have in my physical life.;Laura Hillenbrand;freedom
I've never had anything but the freedom to do what I wanted just as long as it made me happy.;Rene Redzepi;freedom
Fulfill - you can far more than fulfill - the brightest anticipations of those who, in the name of human freedom, and in the face of threats that have ripened into terrible realities since, fought that battle which placed you where you now stand.;Robert Dale Owen;freedom
The wretch who lives without freedom feels like dressing in the mud from the streets Those who have you, o Liberty, do not know. you. Those who do not have you should not speak of you, but win you.;Jose Marti;freedom
I like movies that pop, that have a little bit of candy on, that freedom to have a little bit of extra fun, but are rooted in real behaviour. Rooted in cause and effect, never violating reality.;Tony Gilroy;freedom
The media bring our wars home, but only rarely have they been able to do it in complete freedom.;Bruce Jackson;freedom
You make a movie for 9k for the freedom it allows you.;Edward Burns;freedom
The men and women who serve in our military have won for us every hour we live in freedom, sometimes at the expense of the very hours of the lifetimes they had hoped to live.;Bob Riley;freedom
Freedom to differ is not limited to things that do not matter mush. That would be a mere shadow of freedom. The test of its substance is the right to differ as to things that touch the heart of the existing order.;Robert Jackson;freedom
There is a bright spot or two for the Spaniards. French toast has become freedom toast on the Air Force One breakfast menu, but the Spanish omelet is still a Spanish omelet.;Suzanne Fields;freedom
When I was in jail, I was a lot of people's favorite person. I practically ran the jail. I had more freedom than the police.;Flavor Flav;freedom
A growing number of young women who have the freedom to decide have decided that career can wait, and the delicious early years of their children's lives can't.;Suzanne Fields;freedom
People ask me if I ever thought of writing a children's book. I say, 'If I had a serious brain injury I might well write a children's book', but otherwise the idea of being conscious of who you're directing the story to is anathema to me, because, in my view, fiction is freedom and any restraints on that are intolerable.;Martin Amis;freedom
To me, music has to be about freedom. It's the most important thing in my life.;Joss Stone;freedom
The very first things that I did, even in theater, were bad guys. They are meaty roles for the most part. With the bad guy you have more freedom to experiment and go further out than with a good guy.;Benicio Del Toro;freedom
Without economic development, any potential for political openness and freedom will be questionable.;Jose Maria Aznar;freedom
Our constitutional liberties shall not be sacrificed in our search for greater security, for that is what our enemies and all enemies of freedom and democracy hope to achieve.;Tammy Baldwin;freedom
The main thing I believe in is freedom.;Charles Evers;freedom
We must guard against the overreaching hand of big government trying to take away our freedom. And we must always protect the environment in a manner consistent with our values.;Steve Forbes;freedom
If I am outspoken of the dangers of intemperance to members of our armed forces, it is because we are all especially concerned for the welfare of those who are risking their lives in the cause of freedom.;William Lyon Mackenzie King;freedom
What is our freedom fight about? Is it about the liberation of children or just having sex with them?;Kate Millett;freedom
Although we have, in theory, abolished human slavery, recognized women's rights, and stopped child labor, we continue to enslave other species who, if we simply pay attention, show quite clearly that they experience parental love, pain, and the desire for freedom, just as we do.;Ingrid Newkirk;freedom
Men must stop being jealous of their power and generously allow freedom and responsibility to others. The reward is harmonious families and society.;Delphine de Girardin;freedom
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same.;Elbert Hubbard;friendship
Don't walk behind me I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.;Albert Camus;friendship
An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than a wild beast a wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend will wound your mind.;Buddha;friendship
Friendship... is not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.;Muhammad Ali;friendship
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.;Oprah Winfrey;friendship
When we honestly ask ourselves which person in our lives means the most to us, we often find that it is those who, instead of giving advice, solutions, or cures, have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a warm and tender hand.;Henri Nouwen;friendship
In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.;Albert Schweitzer;friendship
A friend should be one in whose understanding and virtue we can equally confide, and whose opinion we can value at once for its justness and its sincerity.;Robert Hall;friendship
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;friendship
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.;Arnold H. Glasow;friendship
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world.;Leo Buscaglia;friendship
A friendship can weather most things and thrive in thin soil but it needs a little mulch of letters and phone calls and small, silly presents every so often - just to save it from drying out completely.;Pam Brown;friendship
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar.;Robert Brault;friendship
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.;Marcel Proust;friendship
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.;George Washington;friendship
Think where man's glory most begins and ends, and say my glory was I had such friends.;William Butler Yeats;friendship
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art... It has no survival value rather it is one of those things that give value to survival.;C. S. Lewis;friendship
The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing... not healing, not curing... that is a friend who cares.;Henri Nouwen;friendship
True friends stab you in the front.;Oscar Wilde;friendship
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;friendship
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.;Jim Morrison;friendship
A true friend freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably.;William Penn;friendship
A friend to all is a friend to none.;Aristotle;friendship
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies.;Aristotle;friendship
But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine.;Thomas Jefferson;friendship
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.;Helen Keller;friendship
Friends and good manners will carry you where money won't go.;Margaret Walker;friendship
I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun.;Charles R. Swindoll;friendship
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them?;Abraham Lincoln;friendship
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter, and sharing of pleasures. For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed.;Khalil Gibran;friendship
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.;Euripides;friendship
Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.;Elbert Hubbard;friendship
It is only the great hearted who can be true friends. The mean and cowardly, Can never know what true friendship means.;Charles Kingsley;friendship
The friend in my adversity I shall always cherish most. I can better trust those who helped to relieve the gloom of my dark hours than those who are so ready to enjoy with me the sunshine of my prosperity.;Ulysses S. Grant;friendship
I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod my shadow does that much better.;Plutarch;friendship
A hug is like a boomerang - you get it back right away.;Bil Keane;friendship
Each friend represents a world in us, a world not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.;Anais Nin;friendship
My best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake.;Aristotle;friendship
A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else.;Len Wein;friendship
So long as the memory of certain beloved friends lives in my heart, I shall say that life is good.;Helen Keller;friendship
The only way to have a friend is to be one.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;friendship
