Obviously one must hold oneself responsible for the evil impulses of one's dreams. In what other way can one deal with them? Unless the content of the dream rightly understood is inspired by alien spirits, it is part of my own being.;Sigmund Freud;dreams
Old age realizes the dreams of youth: look at Dean Swift in his youth he built an asylum for the insane, in his old age he was himself an inmate.;Soren Kierkegaard;dreams
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.;W. Clement Stone;dreams
I never ask a man what his business is, for it never interests me. What I ask him about are his thoughts and dreams.;H. P. Lovecraft;dreams
Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so you shall become. Your vision is the promise of what you shall one day be your ideal is the prophecy of what you shall at last unveil.;James Allen;dreams
If you can't read, it's going to be hard to realize dreams.;Booker T. Washington;dreams
Follow your dreams, believe in yourself and don't give up.;Rachel Corrie;dreams
Never let life impede on your ability to manifest your dreams. Dig deeper into your dreams and deeper into yourself and believe that anything is possible, and make it happen.;Corin Nemec;dreams
I never paint dreams or nightmares. I paint my own reality.;Frida Kahlo;dreams
The life of a man consists not in seeing visions and in dreaming dreams, but in active charity and in willing service.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;dreams
You know, the man of my dreams might walk round the corner tomorrow. I'm older and wiser and I think I'd make a great girlfriend. I live in the realm of romantic possibility.;Stevie Nicks;dreams
I am a walking piece of art every day, with my dreams and my ambitions forward at all times in an effort to inspire my fans to lead their life in that way.;Lady Gaga;dreams
A lot of people do not muster the courage to live their dreams because they are afraid to die.;Les Brown;dreams
You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest dreams. Imagination plus innovation equals realization.;Denis Waitley;dreams
We become not a melting pot but a beautiful mosaic. Different people, different beliefs, different yearnings, different hopes, different dreams.;Jimmy Carter;dreams
What is life? A madness. What is life? An illusion, a shadow, a story. And the greatest good is little enough for all life is a dream, and dreams themselves are only dreams.;Pedro Calderon de la Barca;dreams
You have many years ahead of you to create the dreams that we can't even imagine dreaming. You have done more for the collective unconscious of this planet than you will ever know.;Steven Spielberg;dreams
The success I have achieved in bodybuilding, motion pictures, and business would not have been possible without the generosity of the American people and the freedom here to pursue your dreams.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;dreams
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.;J. K. Rowling;dreams
Ocean is more ancient than the mountains, and freighted with the memories and the dreams of Time.;H. P. Lovecraft;dreams
Dreams are illustrations... from the book your soul is writing about you.;Marsha Norman;dreams
There's nothing as exciting as a comeback - seeing someone with dreams, watching them fail, and then getting a second chance.;Rachel Griffiths;dreams
Lose your dreams and you might lose your mind.;Mick Jagger;dreams
Take, if you must, this little bag of dreams, Unloose the cord, and they will wrap you round.;William Butler Yeats;dreams
It's insecurity that is always chasing you and standing in the way of your dreams.;Vin Diesel;dreams
A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me.;David Bailey;dreams
Mr. Tennyson has said that more things are wrought by prayer than this world dreams of, but he wisely refrains from saying whether they are good or bad things.;Samuel Butler;dreams
My own dreams fortunately came true in this great state. I became Mr. Universe I became a successful businessman. And even though some people say I still speak with a slight accent, I have reached the top of the acting profession.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;dreams
I'm not just a boy toy. I have feelings and dreams like anybody else.;Jon Stewart;dreams
The world is seldom what it seems to man, who dimly sees, realities appear as dreams, and dreams realities.;Samuel Johnson;dreams
Most new jobs won't come from our biggest employers. They will come from our smallest. We've got to do everything we can to make entrepreneurial dreams a reality.;Ross Perot;dreams
When the legends die, the dreams end there is no more greatness.;Tecumseh;dreams
I tell kids to pursue their basketball dreams, but I tell them to not let that be their only dream.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;dreams
Flying dreams mean that you're doing the right thing with your life.;Doug Coupland;dreams
Common sense tells us that the things of the earth exist only a little, and that true reality is only in dreams.;Charles Baudelaire;dreams
My parent's divorce and hard times at school, all those things combined to mold me, to make me grow up quicker. And it gave me the drive to pursue my dreams that I wouldn't necessarily have had otherwise.;Christina Aguilera;dreams
It is in our idleness, in our dreams, that the submerged truth sometimes comes to the top.;Virginia Woolf;dreams
The way to kill a man or a nation is to cut off his dreams, the way the whites are taking care of the Indians: killing their dreams, their magic, their familiar spirits.;William S. Burroughs;dreams
But are not the dreams of poets and the tales of travellers notoriously false?;H. P. Lovecraft;dreams
There are many talented people who haven't fulfilled their dreams because they over thought it, or they were too cautious, and were unwilling to make the leap of faith.;James Cameron;dreams
An athlete cannot run with money in his pockets. He must run with hope in his heart and dreams in his head.;Emil Zatopek;dreams
The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die.;Edward Kennedy;dreams
I want my boys to have an understanding of people's emotions, their insecurities, people's distress, and their hopes and dreams.;Princess Diana;dreams
There are a lot of things that are personally uncomfortable to show, especially me without makeup and completely bloated or crying. But I've realized that it's time for me to show my audience that you don't have to be perfect to achieve your dreams. Because nobody relates to being perfect.;Katy Perry;dreams
For all life is a dream, and dreams themselves are only dreams.;Pedro Calderon de la Barca;dreams
A horse is the projection of peoples' dreams about themselves - strong, powerful, beautiful - and it has the capability of giving us escape from our mundane existence.;Pam Brown;dreams
Follow your dreams. Just make sure to have fun too.;Chris Brown;dreams
We must look for ways to be an active force in our own lives. We must take charge of our own destinies, design a life of substance and truly begin to live our dreams.;Les Brown;dreams
Lonesome. Lonesome. I know what it means. Here all by my lonesome, dreaming empty dreams. Weary. Weary at the close of day, wondering if tomorrow brings me joy or sorrow.;Leon Redbone;dreams
To the degree we're not living our dreams, our comfort zone has more control of us than we have over ourselves.;Peter McWilliams;dreams
Dream small dreams. If you make them too big, you get overwhelmed and you don't do anything. If you make small goals and accomplish them, it gives you the confidence to go on to higher goals.;John H. Johnson;dreams
Yet it is in our idleness, in our dreams, that the submerged truth sometimes comes to the top.;Virginia Woolf;dreams
It takes someone with a vision of the possibilities to attain new levels of experience. Someone with the courage to live his dreams.;Les Brown;dreams
Our dreams must be stronger than our memories. We must be pulled by our dreams, rater than pushed by our memories.;Jesse Jackson;dreams
The human heart has hidden treasures, In secret kept, in silence sealed The thoughts, the hopes, the dreams, the pleasures, Whose charms were broken if revealed.;Charlotte Bronte;dreams
I can never decide whether my dreams are the result of my thoughts, or my thoughts the result of my dreams.;David Herbert Lawrence;dreams
A test of what is real is that it is hard and rough. Joys are found in it, not pleasure. What is pleasant belongs to dreams.;Simone Weil;dreams
Though we may have desires or bold goals, for whatever reason, most of us don't think we can achieve something beyond what we're qualified to achieve. Why, I ask, do we let reality interfere with our dreams?;Simon Sinek;dreams
Dreams are not without meaning wherever thay may come from-from fantasy, from the elements, or from other inspiration.;Paracelsus;dreams
I just write what I wanted to write. I write what amuses me. It's totally for myself. I never in my wildest dreams expected this popularity.;J. K. Rowling;dreams
All of us gave it all we've got, overcame a whole lot just being on the show and learned a lot about ourselves. We're just normal people trying to do what we love and follow our dreams.;Carrie Underwood;dreams
Freedom and democracy are dreams you never give up.;Aung San Suu Kyi;dreams
My fear is that I go up to the girl of my dreams and say 'I'm sorry, but I've got to say hello to you,' and she slides the stool back and gets up and walks away, saying, 'Not for me, Bub. I don't want anything to do with you.';John Mayer;dreams
People are never more insecure than when they become obsessed with their fears at the expense of their dreams.;Norman Cousins;dreams
Much can be inferred about a man from his mistress: in her one beholds his weaknesses and his dreams.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;dreams
Dreams can become a reality when we possess a vision that is characterized by the willingness to work hard, a desire for excellence, and a belief in our right and our responsiblity to be equal members of society.;Janet Jackson;dreams
I just kind of wake up with a new idea and new dreams every day, and I follow that dream, as they say.;Dolly Parton;dreams
I did commit to myself that I would not jump back into being the workaholic that I can be before I gave myself an honest opportunity to create the marriage of my dreams and to create the beginning of the family of my dreams, and that took a hot second.;Alanis Morissette;dreams
We do not really feel grateful toward those who make our dreams come true they ruin our dreams.;Eric Hoffer;dreams
In dreams the truth is learned that all good works are done in the absence of a caress.;Leonard Cohen;dreams
You must recognize, embrace, and be honest about what is real for you today and allow that understanding to inform the choices you make. Only then will you be able to build the future of your dreams.;Suze Orman;dreams
I'm aware of the mystery around us, so I write about coincidences, premonitions, emotions, dreams, the power of nature, magic.;Isabel Allende;dreams
Dreams are like paper, they tear so easily.;Gilda Radner;dreams
When we see the face of a child, we think of the future. We think of their dreams about what they might become, and what they might accomplish.;Desmond Tutu;dreams
I don't design clothes, I design dreams.;Ralph Lauren;dreams
Everybody past a certain age, regardless of how they look on the outside, pretty much constantly dreams of being able to escape from their lives.;Doug Coupland;dreams
It is one of the blessings of this world that few people see visions and dream dreams.;Zora Neale Hurston;dreams
Rude contact with facts chased my visions and dreams quickly away, and in their stead I beheld the horrors, the corruption, the evils and hypocrisy of society, and as I stood among them, a young wife, a great wail of agony went out from my soul.;Victoria Woodhull;dreams
Stay focused, go after your dreams and keep moving toward your goals.;LL Cool J;dreams
To this day, some of my closest friends say, 'Gaga, you know, everything's great. You're a singer your dreams have come true.' But, still, when certain things are said to you over and over again as you're growing up, it stays with you and you wonder if they're true.;Lady Gaga;dreams
Dreams don't have deadlines. I'm thinking of doing bigger and better things and having more fun with it.;LL Cool J;dreams
To every people the land is given on condition. Perceived or not, there is a Covenant, beyond the constitution, beyond sovereign guarantee, beyond the nation's sweetest dreams of itself.;Leonard Cohen;dreams
There's a joy and a pain about directing where the dreams you have are becoming concrete but the attention to detail, the need for time is such that it's overwhelming at times, and the stream of responsibility.;William Shatner;dreams
Hope lies in dreams, in imagination, and in the courage of those who dare to make dreams into reality.;Jonas Salk;dreams
Dreams are real as long as they last. Can we say more of life?;Havelock Ellis;dreams
Take pleasure in your dreams relish your principles and drape your purest feelings on the heart of a precious lover.;Giotto di Bondone;dreams
To be given the opportunity to help shape new artists' careers and mentor them to see their dreams come to fruition is a task I welcome with open arms.;Christina Aguilera;dreams
I know how men in exile feed on dreams.;Aeschylus;dreams
A friend told me that teenage girls are always looking for someone to pin their dreams on. That doesn't make it any less weird though.;Orlando Bloom;dreams
To all, to each, a fair good-night, and pleasing dreams, and slumbers light.;Walter Scott;dreams
A runner must run with dreams in his heart, not money in his pocket.;Emil Zatopek;dreams
I have had dreams and I have had nightmares, but I have conquered my nightmares because of my dreams.;Jonas Salk;dreams
We should be dreaming. We grew up as kids having dreams, but now we're too sophisticated as adults, as a nation. We stopped dreaming. We should always have dreams.;Herb Brooks;dreams
But what I was going to say was, I just figured I'm going to go boldly in the direction of my dreams, say it as Thoreau would say, and just see where it takes me.;Demetri Martin;dreams
At first, dreams seem impossible, then improbable, and eventually inevitable.;Christopher Reeve;dreams
What is the conservative movement? It's pretty straightforward. We believe that the way prosperity is created is when people have the freedom and the opportunity to pursue their dreams.;Marco Rubio;dreams
The follow your dreams thing is really important because so many people are railroaded into taking other paths by their family, their friends, people who should be supportive going, 'What are you talking about?' Even just seemingly regular career paths, but if it's not what people expect for you they kind of react funny.;Joan Jett;dreams
I think when you're in a relationship where you really care for the other person, when they achieve their dreams it's better than when you do yourself.;Nicole Kidman;dreams
For even in dreams a good deed is not lost.;Pedro Calderon de la Barca;dreams
