Look at an infantryman's eyes and you can tell how much war he has seen.;William Alexander Henry;war
Competition makes things come out right. Well, what does that mean in health care? More hospitals so they compete with each other. More doctors compete with each other. More pharmaceutical companies. We set up war. Wait a minute, let's talk about the patient. The patient doesn't need a war.;Donald Berwick;war
In the months leading up to World War II, there was a tendency among many Americans to talk absently about the trouble in Europe. Nothing that happened an ocean away seemed very threatening.;Gene Tierney;war
I remember the 1940s as a time when we were united in a way known only to that generation. We belonged to a common cause-the war.;Gene Tierney;war
However much we may sympathize with a small nation confronted by a big and powerful neighbours, we cannot in all circumstances undertake to involve the whole British Empire in a war simply on her account.;Neville Chamberlain;war
What creates freedom? A revolution in the streets? Mass protest? Civil war? A change of government? The ousting of the old guard and its replacement by the new? History, more often than not, shows that hopes raised by such events are often dashed, sooner rather than later.;Jonathan Sacks;war
We have no control over the outcome of anything. Like the planet and global warming, we don't control that. If politicians want a war we don't control that. Acts of terrorism, we can't control them.;will.i.am;war
The grim fact is that we prepare for war like precocious giants, and for peace like retarded pygmies.;Lester B. Pearson;war
You know, the period of World War I and the Roaring Twenties were really just about the same as today. You worked, and you made a living if you could, and you tired to make the best of things. For an actor or a dancer, it was no different then than today. It was a struggle.;James Cagney;war
As to war, I am and always was a great enemy, at the same time a warrior the greater part of my life and were I young again, should still be a warrior while ever this country should be invaded and I lived.;Daniel Morgan;war
A majority of this country opposes this war, a majority of this country never voted for this administration.;Michael Moore;war
I have never solicited nor received money from Iraq for our campaign against war and sanctions. I have never seen a barrel of oil, never owned one, never bought one, never sold one.;George Galloway;war
No country in history ever sent mothers of toddlers off to fight enemy soldiers until the United States did this in the Iraq war.;Phyllis Schlafly;war
I shall proceed from the simple to the complex. But in war more than in any other subject we must begin by looking at the nature of the whole for here more than elsewhere the part and the whole must always be thought of together.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
War is not an exercise of the will directed at an inanimate matter.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
The political object is the goal, war is the means of reaching it, and the means can never be considered in isolation form their purposes.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
War is the domain of physical exertion and suffering.;Karl Von Clausewitz;war
What's so touching is the way we fight the war right until the moment our business is taken care of and then we turn on a dime and we immediately start taking care of people. It's like a shock and aw shucks campaign.;Dennis Miller;war
What we want to do is reform the welfare system in the way that Tony Blair talked about 13 years ago but never achieved - a system that was created for the days after the Second World War. That prize is now I think achievable.;Iain Duncan Smith;war
I made a French film called 'Merry Christmas' which is a very European film. It's a World War I piece.;Diane Kruger;war
I get offered a World War II movie at least once a week just because I speak German and was born there. I have always stayed away from it because I didn't want to be put into that box.;Diane Kruger;war
Berlin is still going through a transition since the Cold War - both in what used to be East and West Berlin. I can still sense the confusion and the struggle for identity there in the streets. There's a pulse to it.;Diane Kruger;war
I tell people I won't vote to go to war unless I'm ready to go or send my kids.;Rand Paul;war
The main thing I say on war is that we need to obey the law and formally declare war.;Rand Paul;war
The great and abiding lesson of American history, particularly the cold war, is that the engine of capitalism, the individual, is mightier than any collective.;Rand Paul;war
Every writer has his writing technique - what he can and can't do to describe something like war or history. I'm not good at writing about those things, but I try because I feel it is necessary to write that kind of thing.;Haruki Murakami;war
My father belongs to the generation that fought the war in the 1940s. When I was a kid my father told me stories - not so many, but it meant a lot to me. I wanted to know what happened then, to my father's generation. It's a kind of inheritance, the memory of it.;Haruki Murakami;war
We live in an age, in an era where there is so much negativity, there is so much violence in the world, there is so much unrest and people are at war, that I wanted to promote the word love and red signifies love.;Elton John;war
Civil strife is as much a greater evil than a concerted war effort as war itself is worse than peace.;Herodotus;war
I'm sure it is, I'm not for any kind of war, we've been engaged in several wars since the second world war and we lost in Korea, we lost in Vietnam, they are political wars, they have nothing to do with any real threat, nor does this one.;Larry Hagman;war
In war, there are no winners.;Ramman Kenoun;war
I believe that political correctness can be a form of linguistic fascism, and it sends shivers down the spine of my generation who went to war against fascism.;P. D. James;war
With the end of the cold war, all the 'isms' of the 20th century - Fascism, Nazism, Communism and the evil of apartheid-ism - have failed. Except one. Only democracy has shown itself true the help of all mankind.;Jack Kemp;war
I don't feel the need to direct. I tried to get other people to direct Dances, but they wouldn't do it. They all thought it was too long. One director wanted to cut the Civil War sequence. Another thought the white woman was very cliched.;Kevin Costner;war
We still live with this unbelievable threat over our heads of nuclear war. I mean, are we stupid? Do we think that the nuclear threat has gone, that the nuclear destruction of the planet is not imminent? It's a delusion to think it's gone away.;Kevin Costner;war
Mankind will never win lasting peace so long as men use their full resources only in tasks of war. While we are yet at peace, let us mobilize the potentialities, particularly the moral and spiritual potentialities, which we usually reserve for war.;John Foster Dulles;war
The ability to get to the verge without getting into the war is the necessary art. If you try to run away from it, if you are scared to go to the brink, you are lost.;John Foster Dulles;war
He was a degenerate gambler. That is, a man who gambled simply to gamble and must lose. As a hero who goes to war must die. Show me a gambler and I'll show you a loser, show me a hero and I'll show you a corpse.;Mario Puzo;war
My own early experiences in war led me to suspect the value of discipline, even in that sphere where it is so often regarded as the first essential for success.;Herbert Read;war
All the culture war issues will be settled by the court.;Gary Bauer;war
I started studying what the nature of a monument is and what a monument should be. And for the World War III memorial I designed a futile, almost terrifying passage that ends nowhere.;Maya Lin;war
It was a requirement by the veterans to list the 57,000 names. We're reaching a time that we'll acknowledge the individual in a war on a national level.;Maya Lin;war
The definition of a modern approach to war is the acknowledgement of individual lives lost.;Maya Lin;war
I deliberately did not read anything about the Vietnam War because I felt the politics of the war eclipsed what happened to the veterans. The politics were irrelevant to what this memorial was.;Maya Lin;war
There's something brave and touching about game girls of all ages keeping themselves smart in hard times - one thinks of those wonderful women during World War II drawing stocking seams in eyebrow pencil up the back of legs stained with gravy browning because nylons were so hard to get hold of.;Julie Burchill;war
I had just turned 10-years-old when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor and plunged America into World War II.;Dan Rather;war
The Iraq war was fought by one-half of one percent of us. And unless we were part of that small group or had a relative who was, we went about our lives as usual most of the time: no draft, no new taxes, no changes. Not so for the small group who fought the war and their families.;Bob Schieffer;war
War is not the only arena where peace is done to death.;Aung San Suu Kyi;war
In the sex war, thoughtlessness is the weapon of the male, vindictiveness of the female.;Cyril Connolly;war
When human beings live together, conflict is inevitable. War is not.;Daisaku Ikeda;war
Men and women who know the brutal reality of war, who know that war strips people of their very humanity, must unite in a new global partnership for peace.;Daisaku Ikeda;war
There was never a war on poverty. Maybe there was a skirmish on poverty.;Andrew Cuomo;war
It has been, after all, 11 years, more than a decade now, of defiance of U.N. resolutions by Saddam Hussein. Every obligation that he signed onto after the Gulf War, so that he would not be a threat to peace and security, he has ignored and flaunted.;Condoleezza Rice;war
There are evils that have the ability to survive identification and go on for ever... money, for instance, or war.;Saul Bellow;war
I took up writing to escape the drudgery of that every day cubicle kind of war.;Walter Mosley;war
What President Bush did in his doctrine of preemptive strike and in his war in Afghanistan and in Iraq was to turn even his allies in Europe negatively toward America.;Louis Farrakhan;war
One side-effect of the so-called war on terror has been a crisis of liberalism. This is not only a question of alarmingly illiberal legislation, but a more general problem of how the liberal state deals with its anti-liberal enemies.;Terry Eagleton;war
Let him who desires peace prepare for war.;Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus;war
If we stick together as an American people we can bring down the war criminals that are running our country right now.;Cindy Sheehan;war
I think that NATO is itself a war criminal.;Harold Pinter;war
What gunpowder did for war the printing press has done for the mind.;Wendell Phillips;war
I was brought up in the War. I was an adolescent in the Second World War. And I did witness in London a great deal of the Blitz.;Harold Pinter;war
War is not the answer, because only love can conquer hate.;Marvin Gaye;war
I have absolutely no regret about my vote against this war. The same questions remain. The cost in human lives, the cost to our budget, probably 100 billion. We could have probably brought down that statue for a lot less.;Nancy Pelosi;war
The president led us into the Iraq war on the basis of unproven assertions without evidence he embraced a radical doctrine of pre-emptive war unprecedented in our history and he failed to build a true international coalition.;Nancy Pelosi;war
I don't think the Middle East could afford another war.;King Abdullah II;war
This is a game. That's all it is. It's not a war.;Jack Nicklaus;war
You don't attack the grunts of Vietnam you blame the theory behind the war. Nobody who fought in that war was at fault. It was the war itself that was at fault. It's the same thing with psychotherapy.;James Hillman;war
My dad was in the army. World War II. He got his college education from the army. After World War II he became an insurance salesman. Really, I didn't know my dad very well. He and my mother split up after the war. I was raised by my maternal grandmother and grandfather, and by my mother.;Al Pacino;war
I took every chance I could to meet with U.S. soldiers. I talked with them and read the books they gave me about the war. I decided I needed to return to my country and join with them - active duty soldiers and Vietnam Veterans in particular - to try and end the war.;Jane Fonda;war
Every time we walk along a beach some ancient urge disturbs us so that we find ourselves shedding shoes and garments or scavenging among seaweed and whitened timbers like the homesick refugees of a long war.;Loren Eiseley;war
I think Chris Rock at the Oscars was a great example. I thought that was intellectually hilarious. The Gap starts a war with Banana Republic... That to me was funny.;Christopher Meloni;war
People like to make fun of the fans who camp out but people have renaissance fairs people do Civil War re-enactments people do what they like. I'm tired of hearing people rage on the fans. If you don't like 'Twilight,' don't buy a ticket.;Anna Kendrick;war
Yes, politics IS war without bloodshed and war is an extension of those politics.;H. Rap Brown;war
War had always seemed to me to be a purely human behavior. Accounts of warlike behavior date back to the very first written records of human history it seemed to be an almost universal characteristic of human groups.;Jane Goodall;war
That was my first lesson from Ben-Gurion. Then I saw him making peace, and I saw him making war. He mobilized me before the war. The man was a very rare combination between a real intellectual and a born leader. There is a contradiction between the two.;Shimon Peres;war
We are Americans when we go to war, and when we return, we are Mexicans.;Dennis Chavez;war
Concentration of executive power, unless it's very temporary and for specific circumstances, let's say fighting world war two, it's an assault on democracy.;Noam Chomsky;war
I began to speak well at a very advanced age - 15, 16, 17 years old. It was psychological: the trauma of war, my family and growing up on my own. I was more or less a street kid.;Roberto Cavalli;war
It is well known that in war, the first casualty is truth - that during any war truth is forsaken for propaganda.;Harry Browne;war
I ended the war a horse ahead.;Nathan Bedford Forrest;war
After every major conflict - World War I, World War II, Korea, Vietnam, the fall of the Soviet Union - what happened was that we ultimately hollowed out the force, largely by doing deep across-the-board cuts.;Leon Panetta;war
Against the beautiful and the clever and the successful, one can wage a pitiless war, but not against the unattractive: then the millstone weighs on the breast.;Graham Greene;war
The reason that war is such a fascinating subject for writers is because it's a revealer. Put a bunch of people in an adrenaline-fuelled, life-or-death situation and their fundamental behaviours are exposed, the scrim is taken away and the motivations behind each personality come out to play.;Sloane Crosley;war
May the same Almighty Goodness banish the accursed monster, war, from all lands, with her hated associates, rapine and insatiable ambition!;Daniel Boone;war
Overcoming the Cold War required courage from the people of Central and Eastern Europe and what was then the German Democratic Republic, but it also required the steadfastness of Western partner over many decades when many had long lost hope of integration of the two Germanys and Europe.;Angela Merkel;war
The Cold War was over long before it was officially declared dead.;John le Carre;war
During the Cold War, we lived in coded times when it wasn't easy and there were shades of grey and ambiguity.;John le Carre;war
In every war zone that I've been in, there has been a reality and then there has been the public perception of why the war was being fought. In every crisis, the issues have been far more complex than the public has been allowed to know.;John le Carre;war
I worked for MI6 in the Sixties, during the great witch-hunts, when the shared paranoia of the Cold War gripped the services.;John le Carre;war
Britain, which in the years immediately before this war was rapidly losing such democratic virtues as it possessed, is now being bombed and burned into democracy.;J. B. Priestley;war
I think the record speaks for itself. These are two individuals who have been for the war when the headlines were good and against it when their poll ratings were bad.;Dick Cheney;war
It's very important to go back and keep in mind the distinction between handling these events as criminal acts, which was the way we did before 9/11, and then looking at 9/11 and saying, 'This is not a criminal act,' not when you destroy 16 acres of Manhattan, kill 3,000 Americans, blow a big hole in the Pentagon. That's an act of war.;Dick Cheney;war
From our perspective, trying to deal with this continuing campaign of terror, if you will, the war on terror that we're engaged in, this is a continuing enterprise. The people that were involved in some of those activities before 9/11 are still out there.;Dick Cheney;war
The surrealists, and the modern movement in painting as a whole, seemed to offer a key to the strange postwar world with its threat of nuclear war. The dislocations and ambiguities, in cubism and abstract art as well as the surrealists, reminded me of my childhood in Shanghai.;J. G. Ballard;war
It's never acceptable to target civilians. It violates the Geneva Accords, it violates the international law of war and it violates all principles of morality.;Alan Dershowitz;war
Our strategy is one of preventing war by making it self-evident to our enemies that they're going to get their clocks cleaned if they start one.;John W. Vessey, Jr.;war
When my grandfather died, I started adopting some of his accents, to sort of remind myself of him. A homage. He was a war hero, and he was really great with his hands.;Gavin DeGraw;war
I mean, I was born the day war broke out, but I don't remember all the bombs though they did actually break up Liverpool, you know. I remember when I was a little older, there was big gaps in all the streets where houses used to be. We used to play over them.;Ringo Starr;war
