I was in college, and very disappointed. I majored in commercial art and interior design for three or four years. At that time, it seemed the thing I really wanted to do, production design, just wasn't available in the U.K., so I turned to music.;Eric Burdon;design
I like to think that the Internet and file sharing, if utilized properly and embraced, and I emphasize properly, is a high-powered marketing design.;Seal;design
I wanted to be a decorator. I wanted to interior design homes and do everything myself.;Ursula Andress;design
Through the harsh design of fate, Florida was dealt the unfortunate circumstances of bearing the brunt of not one but two hurricanes, and it appears more dark clouds are poised to visit the Sunshine State.;Ginny Brown-Waite;design
Just as predatory animals follow a similar general design and behave in similar ways, so organizations, especially those in competition with one another, must follow certain design principles if they are to succeed and prevail.;Robert Shea;design
Ultimately we may still ask, why can't humans design a perfect society?;Robert Shea;design
To nourish children and raise them against odds is in any time, any place, is more valuable than to fix bolts in cars or design nuclear weapons.;Marilyn French;design
And then, build a bustling wonderful city of the 21st century, with a restoration of a spectacular skyline, which Manhattan, of course, needs. So, that is really the design as a whole.;Daniel Libeskind;design
For me, if I can design beautiful things that have the price be lower, I am thrilled.;Tory Burch;design
You can design a mortgage system that is different without a Fannie and Freddie, but there are principles you have to have, to have a good system.;Jamie Dimon;design
Traditional horizontal search engines cannot always identify the target audience, niche or vertical industry of a page or site. Vertical search engines address this issue by the nature of their design. They identify sites according to more specific criteria and sometimes even by human input.;Marc Ostrofsky;design
Even as a young boy, my passion was to design, and I have been very lucky to be able to do what I have loved all my life. There can be few greater gifts than that.;Valentino Garavani;design
I like the personality of the Belgians. They're deeply eccentric, which is something that comes across in their design - terrific.;Miranda Richardson;design
I am persuaded, that if any attempt is made to improve the education of the poor, and such an unmanly spirit should guide the resolution of a society or committee for that purpose, it would render the design abortive.;Joseph Lancaster;design
I think gardens are fantastic, and I'd love to draw and design and stuff like that. I love just planting flowers during the summer. There's something very humble about it, and natural and beautiful.;Ed Westwick;design
Three years ago the Government announced the creation of Reconciliation Place, and said that it would include a memorial to those removed from their families. However, they refused to include any of those who were removed in the design of their own memorial.;Malcolm Fraser;design
In its report, the Cox Committee concludes that China is using stolen U.S. design information to speed up its deployment of a new nuclear missile force.;Charles Foster Bass;design
The United States government first learned of the diversion of the W-88 nuclear warhead design in late 1995.;Charles Foster Bass;design
That's a hobby of mine - to do whatever I can for unusual for-hire creative projects. I am waiting for someone to really challenge me - obviously I'm often approached to do film related work, but I would be very happy to design a bar or an amusement park ride. I would love to be an imagineer!;Roman Coppola;design
I do love DVD and I've always taken them seriously. You know, on the Austin things, we really put a ton of work into them because there's so much design involved. And in this one, we thought a lot about it and what could go in.;Jay Roach;design
My biggest role as director on the film is keeping a sense of the overview - how to cast the movie and shoot it in such a way that it will cut together. And how to design the style and tone.;Jay Roach;design
Through no divine design or cosmic plan, we have inherited the mantle of life's caretaker on the earth, the only home we have ever known.;Michael Shermer;design
No architect troubled to design houses that suited people who were to live in them, because that would have meant building a whole range of different houses. It was far cheaper and, above all, timesaving to make them identical.;Michael Ende;design
I've generally got a good eye for design and proportion.;Bruce Oldfield;design
The demise of Google Reader, if logical, is a reminder of how far we've come from the cuddly old 'I'm Feeling Lucky' Google days, in which there was a foreseeably-astonishing delight in the way Google's evolving design tricks anticipated what users would like.;James Fallows;design
When nearly a third of our high school students do not graduate on time with their peers, we have work to do. We must design our middle and high schools so that no student gets lost in the crowd and disconnected from his or her own potential.;Christine Gregoire;design
Sometimes, you start with the drawing and then the gag comes to you in the middle of it. That is when you start working on the solution of the gag, which is composition, placing, equilibrium, and character design.;Sergio Aragones;design
In two days, it's hard to to get the quality you would normally want for a design project.;Douglas Wilson;design
I look at each episode in two ways - from a design standpoint and from an entertainment standpoint - this is TV, after all. We usually succeed on at least one of the levels.;Douglas Wilson;design
Throughout the country, I see the same design problems and solutions over and over.;Douglas Wilson;design
I gave the couple a hint of a design that would work great with the bones of their home. They weren't ready for it, and they embarrassed themselves and that's too bad.;Douglas Wilson;design
Being in the design industry, I've tended to meet more people who are affected by HIV and AIDS.;Douglas Wilson;design
The Final Jeopardy! questions seem to be, by design, things you can't know. And so it's not about who knows them, but who can figure them out in thirty seconds.;Ken Jennings;design
At our company, our Design and Construction Consulting Service Team not only helps eliminate the risks inherent in the construction process, they typically save our clients 5% - 10% on overall construction costs. They also help make sure projects come in on time.;Roger Staubach;design
It was always my goal to 'up the ante' on good design and rye devoted much of my career to this.;Michael Graves;design
Beautiful Evidence is about the theory and practice of analytical design.;Edward Tufte;design
I do believe that there are some universal cognitive tasks that are deep and profound - indeed, so deep and profound that it is worthwhile to understand them in order to design our displays in accord with those tasks.;Edward Tufte;design
I would like to mention that I have flown the 262 first in May '43. At this time, the aircraft was completely secret. I first knew of the existence of this aircraft only early in '42 - even in my position. This aircraft didn't have any priority in design or production.;Adolf Galland;design
Longhorns are unique - each and every one of them is a different color with a different design.;Janine Turner;design
I design my shots. I walk the rehearsal as the camera and say 'this is where I want to be... I want this look.;Debbie Allen;design
There is no reason to design buildings that are more basic and rectilinear, because with concrete you can cover almost any space.;Oscar Niemeyer;design
I discovered at an early age that all I've ever wanted to do is design.;Jonathan Ive;design
Perhaps I'd like to design cars, but I don't think I'd be much good at it.;Jonathan Ive;design
If you're talking to an architect, he can look at a blank piece of paper, and once the initial design is there, the formula kicks in. Each room should have something unique and different about it - much the same way that in a song, every eight bars or so, a new piece of information should be introduced.;Ryan Tedder;design
Computers are scary. They're nightmares to fix, lose our stuff, and, on occasion, they crash, producing the blue screen of death. Steve Jobs knew this. He knew that computers were bulky and hernia-inducing and Darth Vader black. He understood the value of declarative design.;Wesley Morris;design
It was something I was more interested in myself. When I went to see my sister dance at ballet, I was really into costumes and the arts, and my family was also supportive of whatever me and my sister wanted to do. I would say I pushed myself the most to be into design.;Christian Siriano;design
So I went for engineering, specifically product design, which I enjoyed.;Debi Thomas;design
When I started this project, I was a young architect. I was very apprehensive about any changes to the design. Whether I wanted to or not, I learned that you can accept some changes to its form without compromising its intent. But it's a leap of faith that I didn't want to make initially - to put it mildly.;Michael Arad;design
For two years nobody talked about anything other than the name arrangement. There was no fund-raising and no progress being made on construction and design.;Michael Arad;design
How do you design it so that people can form a space of their own, and feel quiet and contemplative?;Michael Arad;design
I really appreciate artists of the 20th century, and I can see a lot of their influence on my work, but to suggest that my design only fits within an 'ism' kind of bothers me.;Michael Arad;design
I used to design for my body, which was flat-chested with big hips. That's why my clothes were tight on top with full skirts.;Betsey Johnson;design
We have no general conceptual thrust for the band, other than trying to make music that keeps our interest. When things are novel, they are probably things we have discovered by accident or investigation rather than by design.;Steve Albini;design
Initially, it was the unpractical in fashion that brought me to design my own line. I felt that it was much more attractive to cut clothes with respect for the living, three-dimensional body rather than to cover the body with decorative ideas.;Jil Sander;design
I think there is always a need for pure design. With pure design, you don't need so much decoration.;Jil Sander;design
It may sound ambitious, but I really hope that modern design will spread all around the globe.;Jil Sander;design
Everyone by now presumably knows about the danger of premature optimization. I think we should be just as worried about premature design - designing too early what a program should do.;Paul Graham;design
I had been impressed by the fact that biological systems were based on molecular machines and that we were learning to design and build these sorts of things.;K. Eric Drexler;design
Punk's influence on music, movies, art, design and fashion is no longer in doubt. It is used as the measurement for what is cool.;Malcolm Mclaren;design
Through all aspects of society be it art, design, the financial markets, government, technology or communications we are witnessing unprecedented global transformation - the result of which is impossible to predict.;Malcolm Mclaren;design
So the premise of 'The Submission' is that there's an anonymous competition to design a 9/11 memorial and it's won by an American Muslim, an architect born and raised in Virginia, and his name is Mohammad Khan.;Amy Waldman;design
I have had this view of the optimization of the electrode design for a long time. Historically we went through various phases in the work and eventually worked on large sheets - very large sheets - of palladium.;Martin Fleischmann;design
If there is a gay uniform, the differences are in how each man coordinates the details: the brand and cut of the jeans, the design of belts and boots, the haircut, the number and size of earrings.;Lance Loud;design
Wherever there is a design that is highly successful in a broad range of similar environments, it is apt to emerge again and again, independently - the phenomenon known in biology as convergent evolution. I call these designs 'good tricks.';Daniel Dennett;design
There is a group of individuals who are radical jihadists. We need to call them by name. They believe it is OK to kill people in the name of their religion. It is not all of Islam. It is not all Muslims. But there is a subgroup who believe it is OK. In fact, it is their plan and design to kill people.;Tim Pawlenty;design
And I think my sexuality was heavily repressed by the church, by the, you know, the design of the mortal sins.;Thomas Keneally;design
So much of it is the design of the shot or the motion of the character it's the work you do so that it has the same things that are in the movie. In just a few frames it's got to communicate something clearly and dramatically.;Dennis Muren;design
Unfortunately, the client that exists today is still pretty much the prototype design.;Shawn Fanning;design
English is taking over the world. I just wrote a piece about it. And it's not by design. The United States dominates because it's the biggest market.;Norman Spinrad;design
My training as an engineer has enabled me to design the stuff, but the reason I do it is not to make music but for the opportunity to work with musicians.;Robert Moog;design
The point is that I don't design stuff for myself. I'm a toolmaker. I design things that other people want to use.;Robert Moog;design
Leon Theremin's original designs are elegant, ingenious and effective. As electronics goes, the theremin is very simple. But there are so many subtleties hidden in the details of the design. It's like a great sonnet, or a painting, or a speech, that is perfectly done on more than one level.;Robert Moog;design
We used to be referred to as bakers and then we became known as cake decorators and now we are known as cake designers. I teach at the French Culinary Institute in New York and cake design is a legitimate profession.;Ron Ben-Israel;design
It was by design that we mostly used pictures that you could not necessarily see what was going on, and that didn't really focus in on the band, but instead focused in on a theme.;Mike McCready;design
There is not necessarily a good reason why a regulator should have to be involved in product design and marketing for rich and sophisticated investors. We recommend that such investors should be able to sign a piece of paper, which allows them to go ahead and buy unregulated products at their own risk.;John Redwood;design
Last year, Congress gave the Department of Defense the authority to design a new civilian personnel system for its employees as part of the defense authorization bill.;Norm Dicks;design
I design some of my own clothes now.;Kiernan Shipka;design
I now add, farther, that the apostle's argument is so far from proving it to be the duty of people to obey, and submit to, such rulers as act in contradiction to the public good, and so to the design of their office, that it proves the direct contrary.;Jonathan Mayhew;design
Biological engineering is not necessarily understanding systems but rather, I want to be able to design and build biological systems to perform particular applications.;Drew Endy;design
It is to be noted that when any part of this paper appears dull there is a design in it.;Richard Steele;design
Once I got out of architecture school I decided not to be an architect, I just started my own little design studio.;Joseph Kosinski;design
I don't set goals. Like, that's what I want to be doing however many years from now. I do what I love to do at the moment. If I wake up tomorrow and decide I want to dance, that's what I'd do. Or design clothes.;Ayumi Hamasaki;design
And just when we were at the end of our design process there was the news that the Italian government and the U.S. government had signed an agreement to fly the first Italian astronaut on that flight.;Umberto Guidoni;design
I do what I love to do at the moment. If I wake up tomorrow and decide I want to dance, that's what I'd do. Or design clothes. I think I'd throw myself into whatever I'm doing now. It's not about abandoning what I was doing before, or giving up. It's about knowing that if I die tomorrow, I lived the way I wanted to.;Ayumi Hamasaki;design
Even private persons in due season, with discretion and temper, may reprove others, whom they observe to commit sin, or follow bad courses, out of charitable design, and with hope to reclaim them.;Isaac Barrow;design
In both business and personal life, I've always found that travel inspires me more than anything else I do. Evidence of the languages, cultures, scenery, food, and design sensibilities that I discover all over the world can be found in every piece of my jewelry.;Ivanka Trump;design
It is very important to lead the field and innovate in game design.;John Romero;design
You have to design and program differently. Combat action in an MMO is so different to combat in a first-person shooter.;John Romero;design
Good design is making something intelligible and memorable. Great design is making something memorable and meaningful.;Dieter Rams;design
By the fourth grade, I graduated to an erector set and spent many happy hours constructing devices of unknown purpose where the main design criterion was to maximize the number of moving parts and overall size.;Steven Chu;design
Golf course design is exciting.;Tom Kite;design
I'm really not for famous people who design a line for a company, when you know it's not really them creating it but a team of designers, especially when there are so many talented people who've taken the time to go and study fashion.;Bonnie Wright;design
Well, yes, I mean, I think that, you know, my sources suggest that there's a lot of support for the notion that there is a lot of Koran abuse and that it was very much a systematic design, not just an aberration.;Jane Mayer;design
I love graphic design. I love working with design, and I love storytelling, so I've been working on a children's book for a while, and I'd like to see that through.;Colleen Haskell;design
The roundness of life's design may be a sign that there is a presence beyond ourselves.;Wally Lamb;design
We opened a design center in the South of England last year as part of our strategy for being close to our customers and developing innovative products for exciting new markets.;David Milne;design
Dubstep has everything for me. Rhythm, sound design, heartfelt emotion - all in one place.;James Blake;design
In any case, his judgment and set of values, acting alone or through his assistants, determine not only what is gold and what is dross but the design of the history which he creates out of the metal. The historian decides what is significant, and what is not.;Samuel E. Morison;design
I don't design cars. I'm not a designer. I know what I desire to be built, I know what the end result is, the horsepower, the competition we'll be working against - but I leave it to the people who work with me to put it all together. I don't do anything.;Caroll Shelby;design
