I think that was a moment of cool panic there.;Ron Atkinson;cool
I love seeing people having fun. Everyone over in L.A. is too cool for it. That's the problem.;Lukas Haas;cool
I've always thought vampires were interesting because they live forever, they're always well-financed, they dress well, you know what I mean? And they're, like, cool. Usually vampire - you've never seen a broke vampire. Have you?;Michael Ealy;cool
I'm not geeky but I have my geeky, corky moments, and then I've got some aspects of cool in me, I guess.;Nick Cannon;cool
When you think back to your first kiss, your hair is perfect and she was wearing a cool outfit. We remember it with restraint and we remember it with style. We remember it as idealistically as you can think.;Stephen Chbosky;cool
I always loved Kate Winslet, but after you meet her you really love her because she's a cool chick.;Peter Farrelly;cool
When you have kids, you just love them. It's similar to when you're in love with someone. You just think they are so cool and want to be around them all the time, but what if she starts being embarrassed and only giving me charity visits? I want her to actually want to see me, so that's what I'm going for!;Jeremy Sisto;cool
I just got an iPhone, which is cool, but I don't download movies, I don't watch Hulu, I don't have Netflix. I don't do any of that. But I do geek out to music.;Miles Teller;cool
When things are really good, really easy it's not cool for me.;Romario;cool
We looked at each other standing on the podium, and I think we all were tearing up. But we had to keep it cool. I think we did. Then we let out a breath.;Michael Irvin;cool
Even as a kid, if I would come across something cool in the record store, that would be how I found out about bands. It's kind of the same way these days. In a way even less because there are no record stores to go to anymore.;Scott Ian;cool
I know a lot of people dread going to work every morning, but my work is playing pretend and doing stunts and screaming. It's a lot of fun and I get to play dress up. Every day is exciting and different and new and cool. I couldn't be more grateful.;Nina Dobrev;cool
Thirty years ago, we were in a movie theater and thought it was so cool because we were finally delivered from the horrors of stained glass and wooden pews.;Bill Hybels;cool
There were a few 6th form girls that I got with when I was I the 6th form, they were really nice, so that was cool.;Charlie Simpson;cool
Lots of people say to me, 'I completely hate Busted'. That's completely cool with me. I understand why.;Charlie Simpson;cool
I hear good things about Xbox Live from some of my younger teammates. I think it would be fun to be able to challenge fans all over the world. It would be cool to be able to play some of my friends back home in the States. I'm looking forward to trying it.;Claudio Reyna;cool
I actually bought a travel guitar, and that guitar is really cool. You can actually fold the guitar, and you can plug headphones into it, but it's acoustic, or semi-acoustic.;Daniel Ek;cool
I'm not going chic, I swear. The geek endures. But, I mean, a snazzy cool suit looks good.;Jon Heder;cool
I'm not that into reading. If I'm gonna read, I'm gonna read some cool sci-fi book or something, not some stupid self-help book.;Jon Heder;cool
I think working with Johnny Depp was very intimidating. It was my fault though. I mean he's a total cool nice, nice guy, but I was just so, I don't know, overpowered by his presence. Like he's a very mystic person. He's older so I never really warmed up around him. I was so stiff.;Franka Potente;cool
I would think flying would be pretty cool. You would be able to fly away from all your enemies and get where you're going much faster. But being invisible? You probably wouldn't use that for the good of man.;Randy Johnson;cool
We should be recklessly abandoned to Jesus, and just turn it over to Him. Through the support I think the sacrifices will be made and we'll all be cool with it.;Stacie Orrico;cool
If you work in casting, it's sort of not cool to want to act. A lot of people think that casting directors are frustrated actors, but it wasn't true with any of the casting people I knew.;Catherine Keener;cool
I didn't audition for the part! The role was offered to me, and I was so excited to be a part of 'The Haunting Hour.' It is such a cool show and it was so much fun shooting the 'Intruders.';Willow Shields;cool
For 'The Haunting Hour,' I thought it would be a lot of fun. It was great to play this cool kid role. My episode is called 'The Intruders' and my character is this mean, angry teenager because her younger brother was just born and he gets all of the attention. She's always playing tricks on her family, and there are some cool twists.;Willow Shields;cool
Even though I never worked with her, it was still really cool to have Brooke Shields on set. She was so nice and so funny.;Atticus Shaffer;cool
The quickest way to defuse fear or insecurity or anger is usually humor. I think comics figure that out quickly, and, once you figure it out, you think, 'Hey, if I can do this and get paid, that would be kind of cool.';Billy Gardell;cool
I like men who are very cool but who are also so brilliant that they are almost insane. Sean Penn, Gary Oldman, Bob Dylan, Tom Waits - men who would be flipping burgers if they hadn't found an outlet for their brilliant mind-sets.;Jolene Blalock;cool
My favorite type of music to sing and to listen to, you know, rock. It's not always metal, but you know, half the time it is. Metal's cool, you know? Not everybody on 'American Idol' listens to metal.;James Durbin;cool
I like America. I think it's pretty cool.;Mary Lynn Rajskub;cool
I was a drama major also so it's cool to cuss for meaning, but for no apparent reason, no.;Kel Mitchell;cool
I already have legitimacy as a filmmaker and now I'm trying to do stuff that's just fun. Until I find a cool tangible subject again that I want to tackle.;John Singleton;cool
I wanted to dress cool, and get all the ladies.;John Singleton;cool
It's cool for me because I'm a director, but I'm also a teacher. I'm a lover of cinema, and I love working with people who are hungry and have the energy to really do better work.;John Singleton;cool
People always used to say to me, 'Don't you want your own show? That'd be so cool if you had your own show.' I said, 'You know, it's not gonna happen. So - no.';Candy Crowley;cool
All literature consists of whatever the writer thinks is cool. The reader will like the book to the degree that he agrees with the writer about what's cool.;Steven Brust;cool
It's now possible to play and take lessons from any place of the world. The concept of physical distance doesn't exist in the online world, and that is so cool!;Alexandra Kosteniuk;cool
A female piano player is always pretty cool to me.;Chrisette Michele;cool
So, it's cool that, yes, Hal Jordan is a superhero, but my character is a real-world hero in her own life.;Blake Lively;cool
I just really like fun, cool, interesting, quirky girls. And sometimes you find that in 6'2 model bodies and sometimes they're short and brunette. All shapes and sizes - it's really about the personality. That sounds cliche, but it's so freaking true!;Dylan O'Brien;cool
What we do every night is we change out the set list as much as we can to make sure that (fans can) go home and tell their friends they experienced something unique and cool.;Isaac Hanson;cool
One of the great bands we opened up for was Priest back in '89. That was really great because at that time we had never met them, never toured with them before. They were a big influence on Slayer, so to open up for them was really cool.;Dave Lombardo;cool
To me, it all comes down to things being character-driven. It's hard for me to look beyond that. CG and all this cool stuff - so be it. But to me, it pretty much begins and ends with character-driven plots rather than technologically-driven plots.;Billy West;cool
The nude scenes were a little eerie and I felt a bit odd. Yeah, when the camera scanned up my body, I said to my friend, 'Now, that's a close-up.' I mean, you see every inch of my body. But I'm okay with it and so it was cool.;Natasha Henstridge;cool
Almost any film that you do is an opportunity to open you up and make you more aware of an area that you might not be thinking about. That's what is kind of cool, or one of the cool things about this profession.;Joan Allen;cool
Rhyme patterns are nothing without meanings to the words. A lot of rappers can do those flows, but the raps aren't really about anything - which is cool sometimes, but to have the flow and the message is one of my favorite things.;J. Cole;cool
When you go in and do a cool, small character, it feels less like work and more like fun.;Balthazar Getty;cool
I remember being in Atlantic City once when I was 18 or 19, and a sea of people were screaming and pulling their hair because I was there. It was weird. Nobody deserves adulation like that. I tried to explain it to my kids once. I said, 'Mommy used to be kind of cool, kind of like a Britney Spears.';Genie Francis;cool
It was really cool to work with Dakota Fanning. I've watched her grow up and I've always loved her films, loved her. It was amazing working with someone who was American as well, because obviously it's going to be a different energy straightaway. We got on really well she's so professional and hardworking.;Kaya Scodelario;cool
My niece was very much caught up in the vampire craze for young adults, and she thought having a vampire boyfriend would be a cool thing. What do you do on a first date? The more I thought about it, the more fun I had imagining what you'd serve a vampire for dinner.;Deborah Harkness;cool
It's great that people are basically spending their two weeks of vacation to come out and be with us in some weird part of the world. And I think we owe it to them to take 'em to some cool places.;Jeff Ament;cool
It's just cool to me that Bon Jovi knows my name!;Josh Hopkins;cool
Being an author of banned books is cool, I've decided.;Lauren Myracle;cool
What I find cool about being a banned author is this: I'm writing books that evoke a reaction, books that, if dropped in a lake, go down not with a whimper but a splash.;Lauren Myracle;cool
That's always a cool thing to be the voice of what the eyes are seeing. It gives you the role of the Greek chorus and that's always fun to do.;Jorge Garcia;cool
I just saw the movie for the first time in its entirely last night. It's really cool when you're in with an audience that's so tuned in and plugged in to what's going on.;Sasha Alexander;cool
Sometimes, the other characters are too normal and then you start to be brought back to reality but then Luna shows up and she is just so funny and cool and honest and slightly mad and she's all that matters. She is 100% true. She puts on no shows, because she is so comfortable with herself.;Evanna Lynch;cool
As a father, you immediately become uncool, especially the older they get. The older you get, it's inevitable that, as cool as you think you are, you're probably just as lame in your kids' eyes.;Mark Consuelos;cool
You always have in the back of your mind that would be cool if you get recognized. But you can't concentrate on any of those things. You've got to just keep playing and doing your music and the rest is just a bonus.;Michael Kiwanuka;cool
My role in 'Legally Blonde' was really rewarding, because I had so much fun working on the movie. I've had really rewarding experiences on tiny low budget films that you'll never see but where I had a cool time creating characters as well. I love almost all of the characters I've played.;Alanna Ubach;cool
That wasn't the way that things was supposed to be. And all because the so-called culture that I thought was right, that I thought it was cool, and I thought it was fun, and it was exciting at the time. It all led to me laying in a prison bunk by myself with no one to talk to but myself.;Michael Vick;cool
I try not to name too many labels - not because it's not cool, but because it starts getting political.;Nelly;cool
I'm confident - confident in my skin, and I'm cool with my flaws and all that stuff.;Minka Kelly;cool
Now that I finally have the time for it, this web surfing stuff turns out to be as interesting and fun and addictive as you've all been telling me. Zipping from link to link, chasing an idea across the noosphere, sucking up information like a killer whale - way cool.;Spider Robinson;cool
I hate it when people come up to me on trains and ask 'Are you Soulja Boy?' If people want pictures or autographs, that's cool, but I don't like the dumb questions.;Soulja Boy;cool
I love my mother Ali so much. I'm a momma's boy. I just have a very cool mom. It's not as though I had any say in the matter. I'm just really fortunate. She's the most kind, loving, giving woman.;Hayden Christensen;cool
Greg Berlanti, David Nutter, Andrew Kreisberg and Marc Guggenheim are the people I wanted to work with. They're smart, they're funny, they're cool, they're edgy.;Katie Cassidy;cool
I wouldn't compare myself to any past Idol contestant, because I don't feel like I am like any of them. Maybe stories are cool but my story is different from most people's story. I don't like to compare myself to other people, I like to just be me.;Naima Adedapo;cool
The Dead was cool, It's a great horror story. I went to the casting director of this movie and talked to him, then they called my agent and had me come in and read for it and they wanted to use me.;Matthew McGrory;cool
Cool things happen. Ace's guitar flies through space, goes through a hole, and blows up. I throw drumsticks and they come flying at you.;Peter Criss;cool
I have this idealistic and maybe naive thought that almost any song can be anything. If you record one song today, it would maybe be exciting and cool. But I could record the same song next week and it would be something completely different.;Sondre Lerche;cool
I work with really cool people, and so far I haven't been approached in any embarrassing manner when it comes to image.;Sondre Lerche;cool
There is a bit of a movement as far as younger people in country music. That is cool because people are saying things like, 'I didn't listen to country music until so-and-so came along.' And I'm like, 'Yeah! Now you know why I love it.';Hunter Hayes;cool
You're not really necessarily the coolest guy in their life. You are a conduit to the really cool people.;Tony Shalhoub;cool
We found out the Gemini spacesuit was, well, oxygen was flowing to keep me cool as well as to breathe, and it wasn't good enough. My visor got fogged.;Gene Cernan;cool
A guy's biggest style mistake is definitely trying to look too cool. As long as you've got a good pair of jeans, a good pair of boots and a few good shirts, you're fine.;Luke Evans;cool
I liked the name Frog Brigade because it lent itself to a lot of cool imagery with the whole frog thing.;Les Claypool;cool
I have this desire to just while away weeks, months and years. It took me two years to make this record but that was with me trying to condense my process and not disappear down the rabbit hole with all the cool things I've collected. I could take 10 years and not explore everything I want to with these instruments.;Gotye;cool
Maybe you are the 'cool' generation If coolness means a capacity to stay calm and use your head in the service of ends passionately believed in, then it has my admiration.;Kingman Brewster, Jr.;cool
Spiderman can climb walls and he's got a cool outfit.;Rhona Mitra;cool
I am kind of a private person, so I don't miss that part of show business at all. Looking back on my career in television and making a movie like 'The Sound of Music' from an adult point of view, it actually seems kind of unreal. I was involved in shows that people grew up with - that hold memories for them - and it's a cool feeling.;Angela Cartwright;cool
I love crispy, cool sheets.;Ryan Murphy;cool
There is something exciting about being in an environment in which it's really cool to be smart.;Freeman A. Hrabowski III;cool
Looking so cool, his greed is hard to conceal, he's fresh out of law school, you gave him a license to steal.;Al Stewart;cool
I'm a big fan of all the Boston guys that are acting - Matt Damon , Ben Affleck, Mark Wahlberg - they made a great career out of it, and they found a way to do it and still be cool guys, so that's kind of where I want to be.;Kenny Wormald;cool
I was a dancer, and it's not really cool for a boy to dance, so it was inspiring to see a movie like 'Footloose' where a guy is dancing masculine and had a proper reason behind it. It made me feel cool, and when these kids would make fun of me, I'd be like, 'Oh, didn't you see 'Footloose,' man?';Kenny Wormald;cool
I think it can be fun to be single and date-like when you don't want a relationship. Or when you've just gotten out of a relationship, and, after get over the initial shock, your thinking, Hey, it's kind of cool being single.;Breckin Meyer;cool
My whole family actually, but my parents. I had such a normal and amazing childhood. I've been so lucky. My parents are cool and normal. They don't talk about the business and I still have stuff to do at their house.;Kaley Cuoco;cool
I used to skip out of high school and go flying. It was just one of those things, I thought it was kind of a cool thing to do. I never thought about doing that as a profession, but I started checking things out and I found out there was a flight school down in Daytona Beach, called Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University.;Jerry Doyle;cool
I was 35 years old and in a position to take a shot at whatever I wanted to try. The Air Force said I was too old to fly fighter jets. I thought about becoming a fishing boat captain, before deciding that acting seemed pretty cool.;Jerry Doyle;cool
I got a phone call from Fearne Cotton. It was amazing! I literally couldn't believe it. It was so cool. It was the night before I was going on her show to sing on the 'Live Lounge.' She was so lovely.;Birdy;cool
Dinosaurs was a cool idea, but we just couldn't find a way to make it really fun. We've got a bunch of great game ideas that we want to bring to life over the next several years.;Sid Meier;cool
I went to engineering school, which I thought was what I wanted to do, for about two weeks. We had an orientation class and we met this guy where he worked and stuff and it was cool, but I was like, 'There is no way this is going to be my life.';Evan Glodell;cool
With these men and women who work-for the cause with all their hearts, with cool heads and skilled hands we will master every fate.;Gustav Krupp;cool
Atlanta is an incredibly cool city.;Andrew Lincoln;cool
I liked the way my character, Shane, was first introduced. You get introduced to her through this sexual action, and I thought that was so cool and just kind of summed up what she enjoys and who she is, to a certain extent. She's a complete sexual being and the great thing is that she doesn't apologize for it. It's just who she is. We rarely see women be able to do that on television.;Katherine Moennig;cool
What I like about the 'Underworld' thing is that it's a mix of cool genres, as well as creating its own message.;Theo James;cool
I saw 'Captain America' in 3D. It's cool. I liked the beginning. It's a really good setup.;Theo James;cool
I've got two brothers and two sisters, so there's five of us and we're all very close, which is cool.;Theo James;cool
