Texas women have an amazing sense of purpose when they lose it. They're the best girls in the world - they're loyal and fun, but when they get mad, they'll try to kill you.;John Cusack;amazing
Amazing that the human race has taken enough time out from thinking about food or sex to create the arts and sciences.;Mason Cooley;amazing
If you're a basketball player and you don't stop and take pictures with your fans, you can have an amazing game and everyone still loves you.;Kim Kardashian;amazing
I have amazing friends who have led inspirational lives.;Andrew Shue;amazing
It's really amazing that in the age of unbelief, as a smart man called it, there isn't even more fraud. After all, with no God, there's no one to ever call you to account, and no accounting at all if you can get away with it.;Ben Stein;amazing
I'm not a kid anymore. And I'm excited for all the amazing things to come.;Paris Hilton;amazing
But when you're deprived of it for a lengthy period then you value human companionship. But you have to survive and so you devise all kinds of mental exercises and it's amazing.;Wole Soyinka;amazing
I realized the other day that I've lived in New York longer than I've lived anywhere else. It's amazing: I am a New Yorker. It's strange I never thought I would be.;David Bowie;amazing
It's amazing where the paranoid mind can take you.;Bill Ayers;amazing
Ever consider what pets must think of us? I mean, here we come back from a grocery store with the most amazing haul - chicken, pork, half a cow. They must think we're the greatest hunters on earth!;Anne Tyler;amazing
One of the most amazing things about mathematics is the people who do math aren't usually interested in application, because mathematics itself is truly a beautiful art form. It's structures and patterns, and that's what we love, and that's what we get off on.;Danica McKellar;amazing
My father opened a restaurant. It's so amazing... it's so freaking delicious, but I'm telling you I gain five pounds every time I go in there.;Lady Gaga;amazing
I have a lot of amazing women, you know, women in my life who have been an example for me of what not to do.;Jennifer Aniston;amazing
First let me report that the art in the Barnes Collection has never looked better. My trips to the old Barnes were always amazing, but except on the sunniest days, you could barely see the art. The building always felt pushed beyond its capacity.;Jerry Saltz;amazing
All of Koons's best art - the encased vacuum cleaners, the stainless-steel Rabbit (the late-twentieth century's signature work of Simulationist sculpture), the amazing gleaming Balloon Dog, and the cast-iron re-creation of a Civil War mortar exhibited last month at the Armory - has simultaneously flaunted extreme realism, idealism, and fantasy.;Jerry Saltz;amazing
Urs Fischer specializes in making jaws drop. Cutting giant holes in gallery walls, digging a crater in Gavin Brown's gallery floor in 2007, creating amazing hyperrealist wallpaper for a group show at Tony Shafrazi: It all percolates with uncanny destructiveness, operatic uncontrollability, and barbaric sculptural power.;Jerry Saltz;amazing
To be able to sit in Donald Trump's apartment and talk about the future of corporate real estate was amazing.;Shia LaBeouf;amazing
I was informed yesterday that there's a Twitter account for my laugh. Very hard to get used to things like that. Pretty amazing.;Tom Hiddleston;amazing
Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen.;Conan O'Brien;amazing
There was once a caustic comment from someone suggesting I was breeding a new race. Fans from different countries have married, amazing things like that. I've been to some of the weddings. I went to one here the other day, a pagan ceremony.;Terry Pratchett;amazing
Money is such an amazing teacher: What you choose to do with your money shows whether you are truly powerful or powerless.;Suze Orman;amazing
It's an amazing thing to say, 'I'm beautiful,' without feeling like you're cocky.;Christina Aguilera;amazing
Well, I was already so happy being chosen to do the issue itself, that when I got on the cover, it was even more of a surprise and even more amazing to me.;Heidi Klum;amazing
In my job, people tell you that all the time: 'This shoot was great. You look amazing.' But you never know what they say when you turn away.;Heidi Klum;amazing
I have two children and it's amazing how in tune they are with nature, with light, with smells, with time.;Hugh Jackman;amazing
I'm not an Adonis, that's for damn sure. I've never really thought of myself that way, and it doesn't matter to me. My favorite actors aren't Adonises. Dustin Hoffman is a flawed-looking man he's amazing to me. Tom Hanks is flawed-looking people love him. Same with Gene Hackman.;Shia LaBeouf;amazing
I'd like to share my experiences and the lessons I've learned and hopefully create some amazing, fun courses.;Tiger Woods;amazing
I have short goals - to get better every day, to help my teammates every day - but my only ultimate goal is to win an NBA championship. It's all that matters. I dream about it. I dream about it all the time, how it would look, how it would feel. It would be so amazing.;LeBron James;amazing
President Clinton signed a $10 million deal to write a book by 2003. Isn't that amazing? Yes, and get this, not only that, President Bush signed a $10 million deal to read a book by 2003.;Conan O'Brien;amazing
For the last 20 years of my life, I've had the mantra to do amazing parts with amazing people in amazing projects, so I'm attracted to good story, writing and character and good people. That's what I'm always searching for and I don't think that's ever going to change.;John Hawkes;amazing
Another thing that's pathetic is this rule that you have to look ugly to get respect as an actress. Jessica Lange had to make herself look really bad to prove that she had amazing talent.;Kevyn Aucoin;amazing
You can't be as old as I am without waking up with a surprised look on your face every morning: 'Holy Christ, whaddya know - I'm still around!' It's absolutely amazing that I survived all the booze and smoking and the cars and the career.;Paul Newman;amazing
Bruce Lee was very famous. I watched his movies and he is amazing. He is a martial arts master, his philosophy, his movement, both physically and mentally, were very strong.;Jet Li;amazing
I've been pleased to work with so many wonderful stars through the years. This has been an amazing journey. I hope it continues.;Keanu Reeves;amazing
What has made America amazing has been the fact that throughout our history, throughout the more than 200 years of our history, there have been men and women of courage who stood up and decided it was more important to look out for the future of their children and their grandchildren than their own political futures.;Scott Walker;amazing
Be open to the amazing changes which are occurring in the field that interest you.;Leigh Steinberg;amazing
At that time, I had recently finished a book called Amazing Grace, which many people tell me is a very painful book to read. Well, if it was painful to read, it was also painful to write. I had pains in my chest for two years while I was writing that book.;Jonathan Kozol;amazing
To be honest, everything in my life outside of tennis is great. I'm doing amazing projects that, if I didn't have time off, I wouldn't be able to focus on.;Maria Sharapova;amazing
At the New York Athletic Club they serve amazing food. People go there, get healthy, and then eat themselves to death - which is, I suppose, the right way to do it.;Oliver Reed;amazing
Some of my fans have said that because I've been able to speak about my issues, that they're not afraid to speak about theirs, which is an amazing feeling.;Demi Lovato;amazing
What I think is amazing is not that 85% of people who get married under the age of 25 get divorced, it's that 15% of them stay together. How did they manage to pull that off? You almost can't wait too long. It's the single simplest measure to predict divorce.;Elizabeth Gilbert;amazing
My wife, a schoolteacher, very disciplined. If you think I'm tough, trust me, and wait till you see when the children are on the naughty step. It's hilarious. So we decided that I'm going to work like a donkey and provide amazing support for the family.;Gordon Ramsay;amazing
I think Polanski's an amazing director.;David Duchovny;amazing
Seeing yourself in print is such an amazing concept: you can get so much attention without having to actually show up somewhere... You don't have to dress up, for instance, and you can't hear them boo you right away.;Anne Lamott;amazing
I think Angelina Jolie has done amazing, amazing things, and the international adoption rate just since her has skyrocketed. It's unbelievable.;Jessica Simpson;amazing
If you want to go to the mall, you have to take security. But it's always cool. The kids are amazing.;Aaliyah;amazing
I was impressed by Hendrix. His attitude was brilliant. Even the way he walked was amazing.;Ritchie Blackmore;amazing
A police force, wherever they are, is made up of amazing people, and I respect them a great deal.;Nancy McKeon;amazing
It's amazing people get so detached from what they eat and what they wear. No one has any contact with how things are made that are put in their body and put in their mouths and I just find it alarming that no one questions it.;Emma Watson;amazing
The things that people do now in sports, you can't even believe. These are complete total athletes. To see what human beings can do in the highest level is amazing.;Billie Joe Armstrong;amazing
If you saw Queen Elizabeth it would be amazing, she came from another planet. She was so attractive in what she was wearing.;Vivienne Westwood;amazing
How can you sing of amazing grace and all God's wonders without using your hands?;Mahalia Jackson;amazing
What is amazing for a woman of my age is that I change as the world is changing-and changing very, very fast. I don't think my mother had that opportunity to change.;Jeanne Moreau;amazing
I wrote a screenplay for a 'Sweet Valley High' adaptation, and it's really amazing to me how many women who are my age have responded to the idea and are excited about the movie.;Diablo Cody;amazing
Oh, my God, this amazing cool breeze is coming through my window and the sun is shining. I'm happy.;Liv Tyler;amazing
My stepdad provided me with an amazing childhood. I played outside like a normal kid, I rode my bike, I walked to school, but the happiest times were when I was acting.;Demi Lovato;amazing
If you're curious, London's an amazing place.;David Bailey;amazing
I like making pies. I have a bunch of fruit trees in my backyard. My loquat tree sprouted, and I like making loquat pie. They're really hard to peel and everything, and it took me forever, but they make the best pies. They're amazing.;Kristen Stewart;amazing
My best kiss was on stage. Kelly Rowland from Destiny's Child gave me a really nice soft kiss on my lips during a performance on my birthday. It was amazing.;Chris Brown;amazing
Listen once in a while. It's amazing what you can hear.;Russell Baker;amazing
Back in the days when the market was a kind of secular god and all the world thrilled to behold the amazing powers of private capital, the idea of privatizing highways and airports and other bits of our transportation infrastructure made a certain kind of sense.;Thomas Frank;amazing
Former President Bill Clinton, who is widely regarded as a political mastermind, may have sounded like a traditional liberal at the beginning of his term in office. But what ultimately defined his presidency was his amazing pliability on matters of principle.;Thomas Frank;amazing
If you get half a million, at a certain stage you probably will get 4 million people, if they are able to hear it. The touring thing is unbelievable. It really is amazing from what we did the last tour even to what we are doing now.;John Mayer;amazing
Although believers by nature, are far from God, and children of wrath, even as others, yet it is amazing to think how nigh they are brought to him again by the blood of Jesus Christ.;George Whitefield;amazing
When taxidermy is done well it's an amazing piece of art.;Amanda Seyfried;amazing
I mean, why am I considered an 'it girl?' Because I'm in a lot of movies right now or am on the covers of magazines? I just hope there is something solid behind that. Because here's the thing with 'it girl' status. It's great and amazing that anybody is saying that at all. But how long does that last?;Amanda Seyfried;amazing
Motherhood is a dream. It really is absolutely amazing.;Jessica Simpson;amazing
It's been amazing to watch, because for 'Thor', which was always a mid-selling book, to be in the top ten for every single issue since the reboot is just a great compliment.;J. Michael Straczynski;amazing
Every time I got 'Amazing Spider-Man' or 'Fantastic Four' or another book firmly on the rails, we got pulled into some big event book or crossover and it cost momentum and messed badly with the pacing and structure of the book.;J. Michael Straczynski;amazing
The really amazing part, to me, was when Florida made it into the Final Four, the Democrats didn't demand a recount.;Ann Coulter;amazing
The people who did the collateralized mortgage obligations, sold them to pension funds, then sold them short, then bought credit default swap insurance on them, are just amazing. They are a law unto themselves.;Ben Stein;amazing
I tell you, it was kind of two-fold. I fortunately had a lot of support. My coach was amazing - he told me to focus on being prepared and that is what I did. Every athlete is nervous - any athlete who tells you they're not nervous isn't telling you the truth. I was as prepared as I could be.;Carl Lewis;amazing
I love being around my friends and my family and spending time with my husband. I like being normal and recharging my batteries, and I feel like I have the coolest job in the world where I get to get on stage and perform and get to do a lot of really amazing things.;Carrie Underwood;amazing
Wasim and Waqar were amazing bowlers. I would put them right up there with the best in the world.;Sachin Tendulkar;amazing
It's amazing how good getting up and moving makes you feel.;Paula Deen;amazing
It is quite amazing what I didn't feel after a while. I didn't really want to feel things.;Kate Moss;amazing
I'd love to write something for a male protagonist. That's sort of the next frontier for me. I think it'd be really amazing to write the kind of parts that I love for women but for a guy.;Lena Dunham;amazing
I went to an amazing school in Brooklyn called St. Anne's that's a really kind of creative hot bed.;Lena Dunham;amazing
If you're writing, you're starting in private. It can really be this amazing, private, freeing experience. Forget that it's for other people - that comes in later.;Lena Dunham;amazing
I don't think I'm such an amazing person who needs to be written about.;Amy Winehouse;amazing
My mother is an amazing woman. Not only did she manage the entire household, she noticed a gift in each of her kids and instilled confidence in all of us that that gift would take us wherever we wanted to go.;Barbara Corcoran;amazing
I'm so happy to be able to give kids the opportunity to learn about amazing world of dance and music that I've have been lucky enough to make such a big part of my own life.;Britney Spears;amazing
I am incredibly thankful for the strong support I have from my peers in the industry and of course my amazing fans.;Miranda Lambert;amazing
I kicked the door open, and I'm gonna hold my leg in there. I'm keeping the door open for all these amazing female singer-songwriters that are coming out.;Miranda Lambert;amazing
I just wanna thank all those amazing Internet bloggers out there that hate me day-to-day. I love you! You rock!;Tori Spelling;amazing
The U.S.S. George H. W. Bush is a great thing in my life. It's amazing. A great honor.;George H. W. Bush;amazing
As a kid, I always loved serialized books. It's the reason why people love 'Harry Potter.' Serialization is amazing. It works in television. It works in film and it works in books. Especially when you're a young kid, you get attached to these characters.;Mindy Kaling;amazing
Twitter is the most amazing medium for a comedy writer. I can't get in every idea I want on the show no matter how hard I try to bully the other writers, so it's a way of me getting out other comic ideas and immediately getting feedback.;Mindy Kaling;amazing
The other day I was reading a blog and I linked over to Streisand's Web site, and it was amazing politically. She's so insightful and incisive. And she also says whatever she wants.;Liz Phair;amazing
With the song 'This Christmas' I wanted to do something that was kind of different. I mean, Donny Hathaway is an amazing artist. So I wanted to bring my flavor to the song so when people over the age of 45 or 50 hear it they'll be like 'OK, he did his thing with that record.' It's like I can appeal to everybody and not just a younger demographic.;Chris Brown;amazing
I'm so happy to have been a part of that process and I would go straight back into the desert in a ton of chain mail for Ridley any day of the week. He's an amazing director and I can't wait to see the long version.;Orlando Bloom;amazing
The upside to anger? Getting it out of your system. You got to express your anger. Then you have room for more positive things. If I hold something in a long time, and then I speak it, it's amazing how the light shines so much brighter.;Reba McEntire;amazing
I think the amazing thing about gospel music is that not only does it lift up the death and resurrection of our Lord, which is consistent with the Gospel, but it is uniquely communicated depending upon the generation.;T. D. Jakes;amazing
There's no way in the world that just because women turn the number 40, they're anything less than amazing. That's crazy. If anything, you're even more amazing!;Jennifer Lopez;amazing
I imagine my children are going to save me from my vanity and be my passion and fill whatever fears I have of the amazing time I'm having right now being gone.;Gwen Stefani;amazing
When you first have a baby your life doesn't change. I mean, you have a little less sleep and you drag these cuddly things around you and it's just amazing. But you still get to be you. Once they get to, like, five, six and school and it starts to get, like, 'Wow, they got real problems. They're my responsibility.' Oh my God. That is overwhelming.;Gwen Stefani;amazing
I love Benny Hill. He one of my favourites of aaall time. Like, the way Benny did it, he was just amazing. Just seeing how he put songs together and comedy and the timing and the sketches. He was way ahead of his time.;Snoop Dogg;amazing
There are two sorts of curiosity - the momentary and the permanent. The momentary is concerned with the odd appearance on the surface of things. The permanent is attracted by the amazing and consecutive life that flows on beneath the surface of things.;Robert Wilson Lynd;amazing
No, but way before that, I've been doing little dances in movies for years. Yeah, that was an amazing chance. You know, at my age to be able to do a music dance video, very unusual.;Christopher Walken;amazing
