What I'm trying to do is get this message out about self-empowerment, entrepreneurial spirit and true Americanism - the way we were when we changed the world, when Edison was alone, failing his 2,000th time on the lightbulb.;Glenn Beck;alone
A country is made not by policy alone, but by its music, its entertainment shows, all of it.;Glenn Beck;alone
I thought about how we need to make children feel that there are times in their lives when they need to be alone and quiet and to be able to accept their aloneness.;Bell Hooks;alone
I think about dying. I've come to realize we all die alone in one way or another.;Richard Pryor;alone
Because for whatever reason, even though I want to stay home all the time and be left alone, I want to tell the world who I am now.;Fiona Apple;alone
I love the solitude of being on a plane and finally getting to read an entire book and being left alone.;Christina Ricci;alone
I don't think I ever got the hang of the writers' room. I love collaborating with people, but I really do my best work alone, and I think I would want to - if I did something again, I think I'd want to take total ownership the way Aaron Sorkin or David Kelley does.;Diablo Cody;alone
Fear of error which everything recalls to me at every moment of the flight of my ideas, this mania for control, makes men prefer reason's imagination to the imagination of the senses. And yet it is always the imagination alone which is at work.;Louis Aragon;alone
Work, apart from devotion or love of God, is helpless and cannot stand alone.;Ramakrishna;alone
I was never less alone than when by myself.;Edward Gibbon;alone
The attempt to devote oneself to literature alone is a most deceptive thing, and often, paradoxically, it is literature that suffers for it.;Vaclav Havel;alone
Our future cannot depend on the government alone. The ultimate solutions lie in the attitudes and the actions of the American people.;Joe Biden;alone
People talk about the conscience, but it seems to me one must just bring it up to a certain point and leave it there. You can let your conscience alone if you're nice to the second housemaid.;Henry James;alone
Those who remember Washington's cold war culture in the 1980s will recall the shocked reactions to Reagan's intervention. People interested in foreign policy were astonished when in 1985 he met alone at Geneva - alone, not a single strategic thinker at his elbow! - with the Soviet Communist master Gorbachev.;Russell Baker;alone
Palin was a political Hail Mary, a long bomb in the closing minutes of a game that John McCain and Co. were certain to lose. They didn't care if she had the policy or political or emotional capacity to serve as vice president, let alone president. They were willing to drive the country off a cliff, if that's what it took to win.;Dee Dee Myers;alone
This, and this alone, is Christianity, a universal holiness in every part of life, a heavenly wisdom in all our actions, not conforming to the spirit and temper of the world but turning all worldly enjoyments into means of piety and devotion to God.;William Law;alone
The Fuhrer alone is the present and future German reality and its law. Learn to know ever more deeply: from now on every single thing demands decision, and every action responsibility.;Martin Heidegger;alone
Fail I alone, in words and deeds? Why, all men strive and who succeeds?;Robert Browning;alone
Finds progress, man's distinctive mark alone, Not God's, and not the beast's God is, they are, Man partly is, and wholly hopes to be.;Robert Browning;alone
Liberal that I am, I support health-care reform on its merits alone. My liberal blood boils, for example, when I read that half of the personal bankruptcies in this country are brought on, in part, by medical expenses.;Thomas Frank;alone
I don't think nationalism is alone holding the field it's in contention with a lot of different things.;Peter Singer;alone
I am alone, some people help me, but, basically, I can do what I want.;Sergei Bubka;alone
I mean, I don't think I'm alone when I look at the homeless person or the bum or the psychotic or the drunk or the drug addict or the criminal and see their baby pictures in my mind's eye. You don't think they were cute like every other baby?;Dustin Hoffman;alone
It is the unknown that excites the ardor of scholars, who, in the known alone, would shrivel up with boredom.;Wallace Stevens;alone
Most high courts in other nations do not have discretion, such as we enjoy, in selecting the cases that the high court reviews. Our court is virtually alone in the amount of discretion it has.;Sandra Day O'Connor;alone
Yes, I will bring the understanding of a woman to the Court, but I doubt that alone will affect my decisions.;Sandra Day O'Connor;alone
With production alone as the goal, industry in North America was dominated by the assembly line, standardization for mass consumption.;Arthur Erickson;alone
The music industry is a strange combination of having real and intangible assets: pop bands are brand names in themselves, and at a given stage in their careers their name alone can practically gaurantee hit records.;Richard Branson;alone
It would do the world good if every man would compel himself occasionally to be absolutely alone. Most of the world s progress has come out of such loneliness.;Bruce Barton;alone
And if you don't believe the sun will rise, stand alone and greet the coming night in the last remaining light.;Chris Cornell;alone
A celibate, like the fly in the heart of an apple, dwells in a perpetual sweetness, but sits alone, and is confined and dies in singularity.;Jeremy Taylor;alone
He alone is free who lives with free consent under the entire guidance of reason.;Baruch Spinoza;alone
Only that thing is free which exists by the necessities of its own nature, and is determined in its actions by itself alone.;Baruch Spinoza;alone
Wisdom alone is true ambition's aim, wisdom is the source of virtue and of fame obtained with labour, for mankind employed, and then, when most you share it, best enjoyed.;Alfred North Whitehead;alone
My contribution I hope is to get people to eat full-flavored food. If I could come away with that alone, that would be a fantastic accomplishment. I'm also very proud of being a very American chef.;Bobby Flay;alone
But no nation can base its survival and development on luck and prayers alone while its leadership fritters away every available opportunity for success and concrete achievement.;Ibrahim Babangida;alone
Solitude is strength to depend on the presence of the crowd is weakness. The man who needs a mob to nerve him is much more alone than he imagines.;Paul Brunton;alone
He was thinking alone, and seriously racking his brain to find a direction for this single force four times multiplied, with which he did not doubt, as with the lever for which Archimedes sought, they should succeed in moving the world, when some one tapped gently at his door.;Alexandre Dumas;alone
When I decided to be a singer, my mother warned me I'd be alone a lot. Basically we all are.;Whitney Houston;alone
And remember don't high post when you're far from home, and high posting when you're all alone.;Mos Def;alone
Go on thinking that you don't need to be read and you'll find that it may become quite true: no one will feel the need tom read it because it is written for yourself alone and the public won't feel any impulse to gate crash such a private party.;Dylan Thomas;alone
Being alone is scarier than any boogey man and the reason why I don't choose to see Horror movies as a rule.;Tom Sizemore;alone
I have been alone since my husband died. I stay in my home. I don't date. It's hard to date when you're at home. Nobody knows you.;Anna Nicole Smith;alone
I'd like to state that Spike Lee is not saying that African American culture is just for black people alone to enjoy and cherish. Culture is for everybody.;Spike Lee;alone
Once a disease has entered the body, all parts which are healthy must fight it: not one alone, but all. Because a disease might mean their common death. Nature knows this and Nature attacks the disease with whatever help she can muster.;Paracelsus;alone
The progress of evolution from President Washington to President Grant was alone evidence to upset Darwin.;Henry Adams;alone
I'm the most gregarious of men and love good company, but never less alone when alone.;Peter O'Toole;alone
The daily act of writing remains as demanding and maddening as it was before, and the pleasure you get from writing - rare but profound - remains at the true heart of the enterprise. On their best days, writers all over the world are winning Pulitzers, all alone in their studios, with no one watching.;Jeffrey Eugenides;alone
Costumes and scenery alone will not attract audiences.;Anna Held;alone
There are times when the only access I have to the truest person that I am is when I'm alone and trying to solve a sentence. It's exciting, even when it's frustrating, even when I can't do it right.;Elizabeth Gilbert;alone
Well, I'm not a member of the permanent political establishment, and I've learned quickly these last few days that if you're not a member in good standing of the Washington elite, then some in the media consider a candidate unqualified for that reason alone.;Sarah Palin;alone
Successful crimes alone are justified.;John Dryden;alone
Reason is a crutch for age, but youth is strong enough to walk alone.;John Dryden;alone
Volume depends precisely on the writer's having been able to sit in a room every day, year after year, alone.;Susan Sontag;alone
Still, intuitive assumptions about behavior is only the starting point of systematic analysis, for alone they do not yield many interesting implications.;Gary Becker;alone
The writer is all alone.;V. S. Naipaul;alone
If you write a novel alone you sit and you weave a little narrative. And it's O.K., but it's of no account.;V. S. Naipaul;alone
There is no end to the violations committed by children on children, quietly talking alone.;Elizabeth Bowen;alone
Never to lie is to have no lock on your door, you are never wholly alone.;Elizabeth Bowen;alone
Muslims must believe that all power, success and victory comes from God alone.;Abu Bakar Bashir;alone
If man knew how women pass the time when they are alone, they'd never marry.;O. Henry;alone
I don't like being alone.;Cristiano Ronaldo;alone
You can be around 100 people and be completely alone. People don't realize what it's really like.;Lenny Kravitz;alone
That we find a crystal or a poppy beautiful means that we are less alone, that we are more deeply inserted into existence than the course of a single life would lead us to believe.;John Berger;alone
One of the places where we lived when I was growing up had this big wood out the back. And starting when I was about 8, I used to enjoy just walking alone through the wood late. Eleven p.m. Midnight. Later.;Christian Bale;alone
Others indeed may talk, and write, and fight about liberty, and make an outward pretence to it but the free-thinker alone is truly free.;George Berkeley;alone
Writers may be disreputable, incorrigible, early to decay or late to bloom but they dare to go it alone.;John Updike;alone
I love my government not least for the extent to which it leaves me alone.;John Updike;alone
For every quarrel a man and wife have before others, they have a hundred when alone.;E. W. Howe;alone
I'm not someone who likes to have my picture taken, let alone see it plastered all over the place.;Laura Linney;alone
Benevolence alone will not make a teacher, nor will learning alone do it. The gift of teaching is a peculiar talent, and implies a need and a craving in the teacher himself.;John Jay Chapman;alone
It's important to say that actors can't act alone, it's impossible. What we have to do is support each other.;Philip Seymour Hoffman;alone
In the laughing times we know that we are lucky, and in the quiet times we know that we are blessed. And we will not be alone.;Dar Williams;alone
The flesh endures the storms of the present alone the mind, those of the past and future as well as the present. Gluttony is a lust of the mind.;Thomas Hobbes;alone
Every animal leaves traces of what it was man alone leaves traces of what he created.;Jacob Bronowski;alone
The only way to get gay issues off the front pages of Canadian newspapers is to grant gay and lesbian people our full civil equality and leave it alone.;Dan Savage;alone
I do not come bearing a party label on my sleeve - or a quick fix in my back pocket. I do not come with a rigid ideology in my heart - or a soul that tells me to go it alone. I do not come to uproot tradition - or to be imprisoned by it.;Ted Kulongoski;alone
I'm a grown woman and sometimes, I might be a little fat, you know? Am I alone there? Not really.;Leighton Meester;alone
From 18 to 22, I was alone, living in L.A. with a bunch of friends, partying.;Heath Ledger;alone
We talk a lot on 'Biggest Loser' about how fitness is a natural antidepressant, how it burns off stress. What I like about running is that it gives me time alone. I'm always busy, with people at work, with my kids. I love getting out for a run by myself and just listening to my music.;Alison Sweeney;alone
Britain, relative to the U.S., is a highly secular society. Philanthropy alone cannot fill the gap left by government cutbacks. And the sources of altruism go deep into our evolutionary past.;Jonathan Sacks;alone
As a young man, even if I was going to see a play or a film by myself, I didn't feel like I was alone. There was something that was unfolding up there that brought me into it. And I recognised that. For those two hours, it made me feel like I belonged to something really good.;Tom Hanks;alone
Solitude, though it may be silent as light, is like light, the mightiest of agencies for solitude is essential to man. All men come into this world alone and leave it alone.;Thomas de Quincey;alone
Most of these people who are celebrities now don't do anything to deserve it, so by that fact alone, I don't want to be one.;will.i.am;alone
Men don't even ask me out. I can't remember the last time I was asked out on a date, and I'm talking years here. I spend my life more and more alone.;Anna Nicole Smith;alone
I couldn't even go to the bathroom alone. My mother or a social worker always went with me.;Natalie Wood;alone
I wrote and produced millions and millions of selling records, so my publishing company alone was worth millions of dollars. I didn't have to work anymore in life because when the rappers started sampling... I'm the most sampled artist in history.;Rick James;alone
I would hope that understanding and reconciliation are not limited to the 19th hole alone.;Gerald R. Ford;alone
I'm not at the point where I'd feel safe in a house alone. I would be really scared. I'm the kind of person that when I get up to go use the bathroom I have this big long hallway, and I just know someone's going to jump out and get me.;Britney Spears;alone
To be adult is to be alone.;Jean Rostand;alone
I'm not a rock star. Sure I am, to a certain extent because of the situation, but when kids ask me how it feels to be a rock star, I say leave me alone, I'm not a rock star. I'm not in it for the fame, I'm in it because I like to play.;Eddie Van Halen;alone
I may be alone in this, but I do sense the power of film, in that movies have the ability to literally change people's minds. That's pretty powerful stuff when you consider that.;Nicolas Cage;alone
The thing I like about baseball is that it's one-on-one. You stand up there alone, and if you make a mistake, it's your mistake. If you hit a home run, it's your home run.;Hank Aaron;alone
In the first 50 years of the filibuster, it was used only 35 times. But the last Congress alone had 112 cloture motions filed, plus threats of more. This is the tyranny of the minority.;Peter Fenn;alone
Perhaps our own opposition to even the level of European integration we have now, let alone any more, is well known.;Nigel Farage;alone
My learning process is by eye alone it's not at all scientific.;Miuccia Prada;alone
As a child, I wanted only two things - to be left alone to read my library books, and to get away from my provincial hometown and go to London to be a writer. And I always knew that when I got there, I wanted to make loads of money.;Julie Burchill;alone
Surely being a Professional Beauty - let alone an ageing one - is one of the most insecure and doomed careers imaginable.;Julie Burchill;alone
But we cannot rely on memorials and museums alone. We can tell ourselves we will never forget and we likely won't. But we need to make sure that we teach history to those who never had the opportunity to remember in the first place.;Dan Rather;alone
