The filmmaking process is a very personal one to me, I mean it really is a personal kind of communication. It's not as though its a study of fear or any of that stuff.;David Cronenberg;communication
Just as characteristic, perhaps, is the intellectual interdependence created through the development of the modern media of communication: post, telegraph, telephone, and popular press.;Christian Lous Lange;communication
No one who set out to design a form of communication would ever end up with anything like English, Mandarin, or any of the more than six thousand languages spoken today.;Joshua Foer;communication
We have to realize only in communication, in real knowledge, in real reaching out, can there be an understanding that there's humanity everywhere, and that's what I'm trying to do.;Mira Nair;communication
I've worked very hard in this book to keep the lines of communication open. I don't want to turn someone away from this information for partisan political reasons.;Jared Diamond;communication
After all, it's the future of business communication that we're looking toward.;Jim Barksdale;communication
By and large, the critics and readers gave me an affirmed sense of my identity as a writer. You might know this within yourself, but to have it affirmed by others is of utmost importance. Writing is, after all, a form of communication.;Ralph Ellison;communication
To conclude: good journalism is one of the models of good conversation and communication in the wider social context.;Rowan D. Williams;communication
Eventually, it is found out but it takes time especially in the conditions when communication is difficult, when the enemy is making it extremely awkward for information to come out, to go.;Joe Slovo;communication
A world community can exist only with world communication, which means something more than extensive short-wave facilities scattered about the globe. It means common understanding, a common tradition, common ideas, and common ideals.;Robert M. Hutchins;communication
I love the rehearsal process in the theatre, and the visceral sense of contact and communication with a live audience.;Judd Nelson;communication
Being a good Hans Haacke student, part of his influence on me is that there's no difference between a gallery show and a film - or even an ad and a T-shirt-in terms of cultural legitimacy. They're just different contexts in which to have some sort of communication.;Mike Mills;communication
Music and politics are in essence about communication. Without over-stretching the analogy I do feel a sense of rhythm is important in getting your message across.;Charles Kennedy;communication
This communication alone, by the comparison of the antagonisms, rivalries, movements which give birth to decisive moments, permits the evolution of the soul, whereby a man realizes himself on earth. It is impossible to be concerned with anything else in art.;Robert Delaunay;communication
There are people still in the Republican Party that I believe practice the communication of anger, of disappointment, of regret, of pain, of sorrow, of suffering. That's not what the American people want to hear.;Frank Luntz;communication
Republicans use think tanks to come up with a lot of their messages. The think tanks are the single worst, most undisciplined example of communication I've ever seen.;Frank Luntz;communication
Power in America today is control of the means of communication.;Theodore White;communication
As everyone in Louisiana knows, there was often no communication or coordination between the state and federal government in the aftermath of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita.;Bobby Jindal;communication
It has to be able to play at the maximum expression and communication in every style, and the only way you can do that is - like Verdi said - working with a file, every day, little by little, until the orchestra's collective qualities emerge.;James Levine;communication
I feel like I was writing as I was learning to talk. Writing was always a go-to form of communication. And I knew I could sing from being in tune with the radio.;Frank Ocean;communication
I feel like I was writing as I was learning to talk. Writing was always a go to form of communication.;Frank Ocean;communication
That was when I realised that music is the most profound, magical form of communication there is.;Lesley Garrett;communication
There is no roles. No one is keeping any roles. The drummer is also answering everybody and everything. So it is a constant conversation and communication between musicians on an extremely high level with extremely valuable material, motifs, and melodies.;Miroslav Vitous;communication
Yet, in spite of this world-wide system of linkages, there is, at this very moment, a general feeling that communication is breaking down everywhere, on an unparalleled scale.;David Bohm;communication
The waste of capital, in proportion to the total capital, in this country between 1800 and 1850, in the attempts which were made to establish means of communication and transportation, was enormous.;William Graham Sumner;communication
I mean, what is music anyway? It's a form of communication - at least for me it is. And that's why I play the kind of music that I think - that I hope - can communicate with people.;Kenny G;communication
Walt put everything he knew about communication with images into the park, so it was very familiar.;John Hench;communication
I started on the use of the Internet for scientific communication. Our research group was one of the very first to make really systematic use of it as a way of managing research projects.;Joshua Lederberg;communication
It is quite an illusion to imagine that one adjusts to reality essentially without the use of language and that language is merely an incidental means of solving specific problems of communication or reflection.;Edward Sapir;communication
But I absolutely believe that architecture is a social activity that has to do with some sort of communication or places of interaction, and that to change the environment is to change behaviour.;Thom Mayne;communication
Measured in time of transport and communication, the whole round globe is now smaller than a small European country was a hundred years ago.;John Boyd Orr;communication
I didn't know folk music growing up, no. It's something I've come to study, really, because I think there's so much to learn from traditional music in the sense of the way music began as a way of communication, the traveling storyteller, the bard, the minstrels.;P. J. Harvey;communication
To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well.;John Marshall;communication
On the other hand, in a society whose communication component is becoming more prominent day by day, both as a reality and as an issue, it is clear that language assumes a new importance.;Jean-Francois Lyotard;communication
Now it is evident that a little insight into the customs of every people is necessary to insure a kindly communication this, joined with patience and kindness, will seldom fail with the natives of the interior.;Charles Sturt;communication
Communication is the key, and it's one thing I had to learn-to talk to the actors. I was so involved with the visual and technical aspects that I would forget about the actors.;Steve Buscemi;communication
On the other hand, the American public possesses a great resilience and strength, and good risk communication strategies can tap into and even amplify those assets.;Patrick J. Kennedy;communication
Music is a very personal and emotional form of communication.;Trevor Dunn;communication
Who would know but ten years ago that kids would be texting each other all the time, that that would be one of their main forms of communication.;Amy Klobuchar;communication
Who would know but ten years ago that kids would be texting each other all the time, that that would be one of their main forms of communication. And so many times, these kids know more about the technology than their parents. And so many times, we're putting kids in very adult situations and expecting them to behave like they're 40 years old.;Amy Klobuchar;communication
I find that communication as an actor and person is an important part of who I am. And I'm really drawn into the psychology of those dynamics.;Zachary Quinto;communication
These sites have torn down the geographical divide that once prevented long distance social relationships from forming, allowing instant communication and connections to take place and a virtual second life to take hold for its users.;Mike Fitzpatrick;communication
The Internet has brought communities across the globe closer together through instant communication.;Mike Fitzpatrick;communication
I agree that it is not just the extremists who harbor bad thoughts or engage in bad acts, but they are usually the source of the polarization and try to keep education and communication of the main stream from moving forward.;Joichi Ito;communication
One of them, for example, which will probably haunt me more than any other is the problem of communication.;Georges Simenon;communication
It's so important for those living with chronic pain to establish good communication with both their healthcare professionals and caregivers. Clear communication about pain is vital to receiving proper diagnosis and effective treatment.;Naomi Judd;communication
The biggest lesson I've learned by living abroad for the last four years is the importance of communication.;Hidetoshi Nakata;communication
Being a good television screenwriter requires an understanding of the way film accelerates the communication of words.;Steven Bochco;communication
The inventions and the great discoveries have opened up whole continents to reciprocal communication and interchange, provided we are willing.;Alva Myrdal;communication
It is difficult to imagine how any behavior in the presence of another person can avoid being a communication of one's own view of the nature of one's relationship with that person and how it can fail to influence that person.;Paul Watzlawick;communication
The thing I do, really, is a communication with audiences more than any achievement through records.;Richard Thompson;communication
I follow my conscience - and this is upsetting to some people, but I maintain the conscience is going to be the only thing between us and communication in the future.;Matt Drudge;communication
However, even during the preparations for action, we laid our plans in such a manner that should there be progress through diplomatic negotiation, we would be well prepared to cancel operations at the latest moment that communication technology would have permitted.;Hideki Tojo;communication
When first starting to work with someone you try to get them in the same mindset that you were in when you were successful, and I realized the best thing you can ever do is realize that they are not you. They have a different persona and mindset, and you have to figure out what works best within your communication with that athlete.;Dan O'Brien;communication
Yes, it must be something that goes very well with my voice, let's say something that I understand that this would be good communication with the others, and I don't pretend for instance, to look for music that would be something that doesn't go with my personality.;Victoria de los Angeles;communication
Today, most young women are exposed to technology at a very young age, with mobile phones, tablets, the Web or social media. They are much more proficient with technology than prior generations since they use it for all their school work, communication and entertainment.;Susan Wojcicki;communication
But if I can be convinced and then through the work that we do together, the orchestra can really be convinced of the big sweep of that communication that the piece suggests, then the audience will get it and it will be a good experience for all of us.;Michael Tilson Thomas;communication
People aren't going to talk about it except me and that is communication and the visits I have personally had in our meetings with our store managers saying if you do these things you will be terminated, period.;Lee Scott;communication
I have a very open line of communication with both my children.;Gloria Estefan;communication
Without television and mass communication, that knowledge wouldn't exist. So I think it actually has the possibility of turning people into more understanding and more empathetic people.;John Warnock;communication
So as I look at transitioning to the communication platforms of the future, I see that the beauty of Internet protocols is you get the separation of the layers between service and technology.;Michael K. Powell;communication
I think sex is very interesting for most people, but I'm interested in sex as a way of communication, I'm not that interested in the fantasy version of a sex scene.;Maggie Gyllenhaal;communication
Unlike then, the mail stream of today has diminished by such things as e-mails and faxes and cell phones and text messages, largely electronic means of communication that replace mail.;John M. McHugh;communication
I'm glad you asked that question, because of any musical situation I've been in, the communication feels great here with Russell. He really pays close attention to what I'm doing because he cares.;Benny Green;communication
In this great age of communication, there a lot of people you can't actually understand. I know everyone tweets, and twits and texts and all that, but actually we've all got voices, and it is awfully nice to hear them and if you can understand what people are saying.;Penelope Keith;communication
The nations of the West hope that by means of steam communication all the world will become as one family.;Townsend Harris;communication
But despite the universality of URLs, we often forget that they're not just a handy way to address network resources. They're also valuable communication tools.;Jesse James Garrett;communication
When I did it with Johnny, it was almost a telepathic kind of communication.;Edgar Winter;communication
I shall suggest, on the contrary, that all communication relies, to a noticeable extent on evoking knowledge that we cannot tell, and that all our knowledge of mental processes, like feelings or conscious intellectual activities, is based on a knowledge which we cannot tell.;Michael Polanyi;communication
Poetry is the communication through words of certain experiences that can be communicated in no other way.;John Drinkwater;communication
Anybody who thinks that getting a communication from a voter in your district is spam - that guy is pork. Roast pork unless he changes his point of view.;Dick Morris;communication
It's communication - that's what theatre is all about.;Chita Rivera;communication
Music is the social act of communication among people, a gesture of friendship, the strongest there is.;Malcolm Arnold;communication
The eventual place the American army should take on the western front was to a large extent influenced by the vital question of communication and supply.;Kelly Miller;communication
God joins us together by means of the body, in consequence of the laws of the communication of movements. He affects us with the same feelings in consequence of the laws of the conjunction of body and soul.;Nicolas Malebranche;communication
Their spirituality was in nature, even though Emerson was a preacher on the pulpit, he ended up going out into nature for direct, face-to-face communication with God, if you want to call all of this creation part of God.;Story Musgrave;communication
I don't start with a design objective, I start with a communication objective. I feel my project is successful if it communicates what it is supposed to communicate.;Mike Davidson;communication
I didn't have a lot of communication with Elvis. You had to go through a barricade to get to Elvis. It was people hanging on every word, and I felt very uncomfortable a lot of times.;Mac Davis;communication
Gradually I became aware of details: a company of French soldiers was marching through the streets of the town. They broke formation, and went in single file along the communication trench leading to the front line. Another group followed them.;Ernst Toller;communication
I do not pretend to know precisely what is on foot there but I think it pretty evident that there is a very free communication between that country and this body, and unless I am greatly mistaken, I see the dwarfish medium by which that communication is kept up.;Benjamin F. Wade;communication
If you improve a teacher's self-esteem, confidence, communication skills or stress levels, you improve that teacher's overall effectiveness across the curriculum.;Elaine MacDonald;communication
Canada's a huge country, so to be able to unite the country through communication satellite technology or to be able to observe it through remote sensing technology from space is a natural fit for a country like Canada.;Marc Garneau;communication
States are looking for low-cost solutions that will enable better communication, while avoiding the danger in which the chain of command breaks down in emergencies. We do not want everyone talking to everyone else all the time.;John Shimkus;communication
Significant officials at publicly traded companies are casually and cavalierly engaged in insider trading. Because insider trading has as one of its elements communication, it doesn't take rocket science to realize it's nice to have the communication on tape.;Preet Bharara;communication
With Jackson there was quiet solitude. Just to sit and look at the landscape. An inner quietness. After dinner, to sit on the back porch and look at the light. No need for talking. For any kind of communication.;Lee Krasner;communication
Today, comics is one of the very few forms of mass communication in which individual voices still have a chance to be heard.;Scott McCloud;communication
My mother and I always had full adult communication.;Erin Gray;communication
You don't have any communication between the Israelis and the Iranians. You have all sorts of local triggers for conflict. Having countries act on a hair trigger - where they can't afford to be second to strike - the potential for a miscalculation or a nuclear war through inadvertence is simply too high.;Dennis Ross;communication
The church acknowledges some Scientologists choose to sever communications with family members who leave. The church says it is a fundamental human right to cease communication with someone. It adds disconnection is used against expelled members and those who attack the church.;John Sweeney;communication
We know that communication must be hampered, and its form largely determined, by the unconscious but inevitable influence of a transmitting mechanism, whether that be of a merely mechanical or of a physiological character.;Oliver Joseph Lodge;communication
The Internet has changed everything. We expect to know everything instantly. If you don't understand digital communication, you're at a disadvantage.;Bob Parsons;communication
The other thing about FEMA, my understanding is that it was supposed to move into the Department of Homeland Security... and be what it was, but also having a lot of lateral communication with all those others involved in that issue of homeland security.;Warren Rudman;communication
My two daughters live on Facebook, and social media is their mode of communication.;Tony Goldwyn;communication
You know, Quincy Jones was a great mentor, but he was a man in a man's world. Fortunately he's a very sensitive man and a beautiful human being, and even though he was 14 or 15 years older than me, he's a capable human being and has great communication skills.;Lesley Gore;communication
The fact that we are I don't know how many millions of people, yet communication, complete communication, is completely impossible between two of those people, is to me one of the biggest tragic themes in the world.;Georges Simenon;communication
People break down after a couple of hours. All the defenses go down, and there's a kind of communication that if I spent 20 years in a living room with one of these people, I would never, never know as much about them as I do in that one day.;Lee Grant;communication
It's about communication. It's about honesty. It's about treating people in the organization as deserving to know the facts. You don't try to give them half the story. You don't try to hide the story. You treat them as - as true equals, and you communicate and you communicate and communicate.;Lou Gerstner;communication
Strange about parents. We have such easy access to them and such daunting problems of communication.;James Merrill;communication
Illiteracy is rampant. People are out of communication.;Karen Black;communication
