Every mind must make its choice between truth and repose. It cannot have both.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;truth
Say not, 'I have found the truth,' but rather, 'I have found a truth.';Khalil Gibran;truth
Nothing is beautiful, only man: on this piece of naivete rests all aesthetics, it is the first truth of aesthetics. Let us immediately add its second: nothing is ugly but degenerate man - the domain of aesthetic judgment is therewith defined.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
Truth is the property of no individual but is the treasure of all men.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;truth
Truth is handsomer than the affectation of love. Your goodness must have some edge to it, else it is none.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;truth
Rebellion without truth is like spring in a bleak, arid desert.;Khalil Gibran;truth
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth.;Chanakya;truth
Fiction reveals truth that reality obscures.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;truth
For though we love both the truth and our friends, piety requires us to honor the truth first.;Aristotle;truth
We have art in order not to die of the truth.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
I am sorry to think that you do not get a man's most effective criticism until you provoke him. Severe truth is expressed with some bitterness.;Henry David Thoreau;truth
Many a doctrine is like a window pane. We see truth through it but it divides us from truth.;Khalil Gibran;truth
The least initial deviation from the truth is multiplied later a thousandfold.;Aristotle;truth
One may sometimes tell a lie, but the grimace that accompanies it tells the truth.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
The object of the superior man is truth.;Confucius;truth
I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.;Harry S. Truman;truth
When virtue is lost, benevolence appears, when benevolence is lost right conduct appears, when right conduct is lost, expedience appears. Expediency is the mere shadow of right and truth it is the beginning of disorder.;Lao Tzu;truth
Piety requires us to honor truth above our friends.;Aristotle;truth
By and large, language is a tool for concealing the truth.;George Carlin;truth
Art is not merely an imitation of the reality of nature, but in truth a metaphysical supplement to the reality of nature, placed alongside thereof for its conquest.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
Convictions are more dangerous foes of truth than lies.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
A liar will not be believed, even when he speaks the truth.;Aesop;truth
The truth is, I've never fooled anyone. I've let men sometimes fool themselves.;Marilyn Monroe;truth
All truth is simple... is that not doubly a lie?;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
Not when truth is dirty, but when it is shallow, does the enlightened man dislike to wade into its waters.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
It is not when truth is dirty, but when it is shallow, that the lover of knowledge is reluctant to step into its waters.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
Words are but symbols for the relations of things to one another and to us nowhere do they touch upon absolute truth.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
It is good to express a thing twice right at the outset and so to give it a right foot and also a left one. Truth can surely stand on one leg, but with two it will be able to walk and get around.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
In the consciousness of the truth he has perceived, man now sees everywhere only the awfulness or the absurdity of existence and loathing seizes him.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
Mystical explanations are thought to be deep the truth is that they are not even shallow.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
There are various eyes. Even the Sphinx has eyes: and as a result there are various truths, and as a result there is no truth.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
Truth is always in harmony with herself, and is not concerned chiefly to reveal the justice that may consist with wrong-doing.;Henry David Thoreau;truth
It's a complete lie, why do people buy these papers? It's not the truth I'm here to say. You know, don't judge a person, do not pass judgement, unless you have talked to them one on one. I don't care what the story is, do not judge them because it is a lie.;Michael Jackson;truth
Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation.;Michael Jackson;truth
It takes two to speak the truth: one to speak, and another to hear.;Henry David Thoreau;truth
No face which we can give to a matter will stead us so well at last as the truth. This alone wears well.;Henry David Thoreau;truth
The rarest quality in an epitaph is truth.;Henry David Thoreau;truth
The truth is that we can learn to condition our minds, bodies, and emotions to link pain or pleasure to whatever we choose. By changing what we link pain and pleasure to, we will instantly change our behaviors.;Tony Robbins;truth
The lawyer's truth is not Truth, but consistency or a consistent expediency.;Henry David Thoreau;truth
There are very few human beings who receive the truth, complete and staggering, by instant illumination. Most of them acquire it fragment by fragment, on a small scale, by successive developments, cellularly, like a laborious mosaic.;Anais Nin;truth
I'm supposed to have a Ph.D. on the subject of women. But the truth is I've flunked more often than not. I'm very fond of women I admire them. But, like all men, I don't understand them.;Frank Sinatra;truth
If religion were true, its followers would not try to bludgeon their young into an artificial conformity but would merely insist on their unbending quest for truth, irrespective of artificial backgrounds or practical consequences.;H. P. Lovecraft;truth
Only on paper has humanity yet achieved glory, beauty, truth, knowledge, virtue, and abiding love.;George Bernard Shaw;truth
The reason that fiction is more interesting than any other form of literature, to those who really like to study people, is that in fiction the author can really tell the truth without humiliating himself.;Jim Rohn;truth
But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be.;Alan Watts;truth
Truth is, I'll never know all there is to know about you just as you will never know all there is to know about me. Humans are by nature too complicated to be understood fully. So, we can choose either to approach our fellow human beings with suspicion or to approach them with an open mind, a dash of optimism and a great deal of candour.;Tom Hanks;truth
Truth, like light, blinds. Falsehood, on the contrary, is a beautiful twilight that enhances every object.;Albert Camus;truth
The truth is, hardly any of us have ethical energy enough for more than one really inflexible point of honor.;George Bernard Shaw;truth
The trouble with lying and deceiving is that their efficiency depends entirely upon a clear notion of the truth that the liar and deceiver wishes to hide.;Hannah Arendt;truth
The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it.;Ayn Rand;truth
How can sincerity be a condition of friendship? A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing.;Albert Camus;truth
Live truth instead of professing it.;Elbert Hubbard;truth
We learned about honesty and integrity - that the truth matters... that you don't take shortcuts or play by your own set of rules... and success doesn't count unless you earn it fair and square.;Michelle Obama;truth
The truth is that parents are not really interested in justice. They just want quiet.;Bill Cosby;truth
The Bible is one of the greatest blessings bestowed by God on the children of men. It has God for its author salvation for its end, and truth without any mixture for its matter. It is all pure.;John Locke;truth
A scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually die and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it.;Max Planck;truth
The truth is, in order to get things like universal health care and a revamped education system, then someone is going to have to give up a piece of their pie so that someone else can have more.;Michelle Obama;truth
A lie told often enough becomes the truth.;Vladimir Lenin;truth
Music makes me high on stage, and that's the truth. It's like being almost addicted to music.;Jimi Hendrix;truth
A remark generally hurts in proportion to its truth.;Will Rogers;truth
A lot of people are afraid to tell the truth, to say no. That's where toughness comes into play. Toughness is not being a bully. It's having backbone.;Robert Kiyosaki;truth
If you ever injected truth into politics you have no politics.;Will Rogers;truth
The dream begins with a teacher who believes in you, who tugs and pushes and leads you to the next plateau, sometimes poking you with a sharp stick called 'truth'.;Dan Rather;truth
Enlightened leadership is spiritual if we understand spirituality not as some kind of religious dogma or ideology but as the domain of awareness where we experience values like truth, goodness, beauty, love and compassion, and also intuition, creativity, insight and focused attention.;Deepak Chopra;truth
Poetry is nearer to vital truth than history.;Plato;truth
Women must tell men always that they are the strong ones. They are the big, the strong, the wonderful. In truth, women are the strong ones. It is just my opinion, I am not a professor.;Coco Chanel;truth
I have been thinking that I would make a proposition to my Republican friends... that if they will stop telling lies about the Democrats, we will stop telling the truth about them.;Adlai E. Stevenson;truth
Love is the only reality and it is not a mere sentiment. It is the ultimate truth that lies at the heart of creation.;Rabindranath Tagore;truth
Wisdom is found only in truth.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;truth
Here's the thing with me and the religious thing. This is the flat-out truth: I find the religiosity and philosophy in the music. I don't find it anywhere else.;Bob Dylan;truth
Our heavenly Father understands our disappointment, suffering, pain, fear, and doubt. He is always there to encourage our hearts and help us understand that He's sufficient for all of our needs. When I accepted this as an absolute truth in my life, I found that my worrying stopped.;Charles Stanley;truth
The thing you fear most has no power. Your fear of it is what has the power. Facing the truth really will set you free.;Oprah Winfrey;truth
Any fool knows that bravado is always a cover-up for insecurity. That's the truth. And on that note, I'll say goodnight. God love you.;Bobby Darin;truth
To the living we owe respect, but to the dead we owe only the truth.;Voltaire;truth
Beauty is truth's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror.;Rabindranath Tagore;truth
Truth is the beginning of every good to the gods, and of every good to man.;Plato;truth
It is the nature of truth in general, as of some ores in particular, to be richest when most superficial.;Edgar Allan Poe;truth
Strike an average between what a woman thinks of her husband a month before she marries him and what she thinks of him a year afterward, and you will have the truth about him.;H. L. Mencken;truth
The truth is, sex doesn't mean that much to me now.;Lana Turner;truth
If you want to be thought a liar, always tell the truth.;Logan P. Smith;truth
Peace demands the most heroic labor and the most difficult sacrifice. It demands greater heroism than war. It demands greater fidelity to the truth and a much more perfect purity of conscience.;Thomas Merton;truth
Without accepting the fact that everything changes, we cannot find perfect composure. But unfortunately, although it is true, it is difficult for us to accept it. Because we cannot accept the truth of transience, we suffer.;Shunryu Suzuki;truth
Truth is something which can't be told in a few words. Those who simplify the universe only reduce the expansion of its meaning.;Anais Nin;truth
It's much easier for me to make major life, multi-million dollar decisions, than it is to decide on a carpet for my front porch. That's the truth.;Oprah Winfrey;truth
I told my wife the truth. I told her I was seeing a psychiatrist. Then she told me the truth: that she was seeing a psychiatrist, two plumbers, and a bartender.;Rodney Dangerfield;truth
Marilyn Monroe wasn't even her real name, Charles Manson isn't his real name, and now, I'm taking that to be my real name. But what's real? You can't find the truth, you just pick the lie you like the best.;Marilyn Manson;truth
The moment we begin to fear the opinions of others and hesitate to tell the truth that is in us, and from motives of policy are silent when we should speak, the divine floods of light and life no longer flow into our souls.;Elizabeth Cady Stanton;truth
It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place.;H. L. Mencken;truth
Nothing is more noble, nothing more venerable than fidelity. Faithfulness and truth are the most sacred excellences and endowments of the human mind.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;truth
I know that campaigns can seem small, and even silly. Trivial things become big distractions. Serious issues become sound bites. And the truth gets buried under an avalanche of money and advertising. If you're sick of hearing me approve this message, believe me - so am I.;Barack Obama;truth
It is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend his faults. So to love a man that you cannot bear to see a stain upon him, and to speak painful truth through loving words, that is friendship.;Henry Ward Beecher;truth
I am very fond of truth, but not at all of martyrdom.;Voltaire;truth
The truth is I love being alive. And I love feeling free. So if I can't have those things then I feel like a caged animal and I'd rather not be in a cage. I'd rather be dead. And it's real simple. And I think it's not that uncommon.;Angelina Jolie;truth
The central conservative truth is that it is culture, not politics, that determines the success of a society. The central liberal truth is that politics can change a culture and save it from itself.;Daniel Patrick Moynihan;truth
Some people think that the truth can be hidden with a little cover-up and decoration. But as time goes by, what is true is revealed, and what is fake fades away.;Ismail Haniyeh;truth
Everyone who knows me will know the truth, which is that my children come first in my life and that I would never harm any child.;Michael Jackson;truth
The essence of humanity's spiritual dilemma is that we evolved genetically to accept one truth and discovered another. Is there a way to erase the dilemma, to resolve the contradictions between the transcendentalist and the empiricist world views?;E. O. Wilson;truth
A man has to learn that he cannot command things, but that he can command himself that he cannot coerce the wills of others, but that he can mold and master his own will: and things serve him who serves Truth people seek guidance of him who is master of himself.;James Allen;truth
Art is a lie that makes us realize truth.;Pablo Picasso;truth
