In sports, people reach their peak very early. You have to move on. I don't know if I will ever surpass what I did at the Olympics, but I'm still doing the work I always wanted to do.;Greg Louganis;sports
The Games are just a nice, positive way to build friendships, camaraderie and, of course, self-esteem. Plus, the Games are a great opportunity for people to participate in sports who normally wouldn't.;Greg Louganis;sports
When you're a kid growing up, and you think you're gay, you know that you're different you're often teased and it can really destroy your self-esteem. But sports can be great for building self-esteem.;Greg Louganis;sports
If I had a personal wish for the new ideas in this new book it would be that every parent, every counselor, every teacher, every professor, every sports coach that deals with young people would understand the three circle concept.;James Collins;sports
You know, we - we start with a mentality that we'll take a sports project if its good. And we're certainly not on the lookout for them, because to be honest we don't have to. They walk in the door.;Jim Lampley;sports
In sports, teams win and individuals don't.;Fran Tarkenton;sports
I enjoyed being involved in team sports and making close friendships.;Brian McBride;sports
I started playing baseball and soccer. Those were my sports on the streets and in school when I was growing up. I didn't even start playing basketball until I was 14.;Earl Monroe;sports
I love sports, as all Bostonians seem to. I love books and movies, as all writers seem to.;William Landay;sports
I'd just like to be good at sports. I'm extremely competitive with absolutely nothing to back it up.;Kaitlin Olson;sports
A lot of the high-level sports are really in your mind.;Ronald Graham;sports
I'm a huge, huge sports fan, and Marquette basketball is my No. 1 thing.;Danny Pudi;sports
I don't have the insight with the Longhorns that I do with the two teams that I own, but as a fan and reading the sports pages, I'm bullish about the Longhorns.;Tom Hicks;sports
Actually, I always dreamed about getting a gold medal in the 100-meter freestyle in Olympic swimming. I always thought that would be the epic award in sports to get.;Chris Klein;sports
As all of us with any involvement in sports knows, no two umpires or no two referees have the same strike zone or call the same kind of a basketball game.;Herb Kohl;sports
The thing about sports movies is, they can't help but feel epic - putting music to images, etc.;Lindsey Shaw;sports
I work out, I play sports, I go to concerts.;Angie Everhart;sports
I'm a big sports guy - golf, tennis, baseball, basketball, snowboarding - and I love games.;Jason Dohring;sports
In the United States, we spend millions of dollars on sports because it promotes teamwork, discipline, and the experience of learning to make great progress in small increments. Learning to play music does all this and more.;Linda Ronstadt;sports
Before Huey was 5, I could take him to work with me. Now, though, he has sports and lessons and friends, and it's not fair to remove him from his whole life.;Marg Helgenberger;sports
I do appreciate a woman who has a passion for sports and knows their stuff.;Jerry Ferrara;sports
My biggest pet peeve are just girls who go to sports bars who have no intention on caring what teams are playing, like they're looking for just a night out. That drives me more crazy than anything else. Like, don't pretend to be a sports fan.;Jerry Ferrara;sports
Theatre sports is the best improv training period.;Wayne Brady;sports
Sports are one of the main cultural activities on the face of the earth.;Jack Kent Cooke;sports
I did a shoot for 'Sports Illustrated,' and my grandpa called me and asked when my issue of 'Playboy' was coming out. It was hilarious as well as embarrassing.;Jasmine Tookes;sports
I play some fighting games, but mostly I just play sports.;Vince Carter;sports
I played sports in high school and in college.;Jon Bernthal;sports
Just like music, sports elevates us to new levels of achievment.;Randy Castillo;sports
Growing up in Huntington Beach, you were either a traditional sports athlete, a skateboarder, or a surfer. I got my first skateboard when I was five and skated off and on over the years, did a little BMX racing as a kid, and then in my freshman or sophomore year I started getting a little bit more into skateboarding.;Jason Lee;sports
Unlike any other business in the United States, sports must preserve an illusion of perfect innocence.;Lewis H. Lapham;sports
They read their sports pages, know their statistics and either root like hell or boo our butts off. I love it. Give me vocal fans, pro or con, over the tourist types who show up in Houston or Montreal and just sit there.;Mike Schmidt;sports
You go to Holland, France, Germany, every community, the tiniest village, they have magnificent, pristine sports facilities.;Graham Taylor;sports
Sports betting is all about money management, so the most money won on one event is not the most important thing.;Bruce Dern;sports
What's more important than who's going to be the first black manager is who's going to be the first black sports editor of the New York Times.;Bill Russell;sports
I've always loved sports and hockey is a sport I play as much as I can. I love it. In a weird way it's like church and therapy and exercise all rolled up into one. I mean when I play hockey I don't think about anything.;Michael Vartan;sports
In the field of sports you are more or less accepted for what you do rather than what you are.;Althea Gibson;sports
My four older brothers were my favorite players. That's why I got into football and sports.;Tony Dorsett;sports
I always had two or three jobs at the same time. I started doing yard work when I was 7 or 8. When I was 13, I got my first state job doing road construction. Between working, sports and school, I hardly ever had free time.;Breaux Greer;sports
A lot of these angles are really about trying to mimic broadcast sports angles in order to anchor the scene, to sort of normalize it before it becomes abstracted.;Matthew Barney;sports
Guys do not have a genetic blueprint that allows them to understand or love sports.;Lesley Visser;sports
My schedule has slowed a little. I've cut back on some of my assignments. But I still have the enthusiasm for the sports world that I had 38 years ago.;Lesley Visser;sports
Movies, TV, sports, come and go, but what you stand for is what people remember. Mandela, Martin Luther King, John Kennedy are people who really stood for something and were willing to die for it. You don't see a whole lot of that any more.;Christopher Judge;sports
I'm a father of four so whenever I'm not working my kids have their different sports, or plays, or school performances, so I don't do a whole lot of other stuff besides being a dad.;Christopher Judge;sports
My dream was always to be on the cover of 'Sports Illustrated.';Kate Upton;sports
I've done a lot of training in martial arts. I started out in warring tempo, I did sports jujitsu, and I've also practiced extreme martial arts.;Booboo Stewart;sports
Sports is all about money.;Lynn Samuels;sports
Delaware is the only state east of the Rockies that is allowed under federal law to offer sports betting.;Jack Markell;sports
Absolutely the worst thing about this job is the travel and being away from family. I have a wife and three wonderful children, the kids are all active in sports and it's very difficult to up and leave and miss them growing up.;Roy Clark;sports
The presidents of colleges have to have some courage to step forward. You can't limit alcohol in college sports, you have to get rid of it.;Dean Smith;sports
Sports can unify the Iraqi people - no Sunnis, no Shiites, just sport for the country.;Dana Hussein;sports
I long for the days when athletes were revered. I want to see the romance return to sports, to see people enjoy the game purely for the game and the players.;Mike Piazza;sports
The only consistent hobby I've had is studying Spanish and French because of some delusion of grandeur to work around the world. I love sports but usually I'm looking for the next job.;William Sanderson;sports
I don't care what they say about me when I'm through with sports. I don't want to be known as anything else in life but a great father.;Deion Sanders;sports
I Worked in the family auto body shop, lifted weights, and rode a few Victory Sports Indoors.;Ben Jackson;sports
Swimming is one of the hardest sports.;Stephanie Rice;sports
The water cooler conversation in every job I've had is sports, it's what did you do this weekend, it's 'How are your parents doing?';Kal Penn;sports
Sports is like rock 'n' roll. Both are dominant cultural forces, both speak an international language, and both are all about emotions.;Phil Knight;sports
Meeting sports athletes that are the best in the world is a thrill to this day.;Phil Knight;sports
Seems like most of the kids today are into other sports other than tennis.;Jana Novotna;sports
Despite the amazing diversity we're blessed with in this country, schools are still in large part segregated because of economic disparity. Sports are one of the few areas where kids are really given the opportunity to interact with those of different races and religions.;Steve Kerr;sports
I'm not a huge fan of improv theater or improv sports or whatever, because it still just looks like a tool. It looks like a technique to me.;John Michael Higgins;sports
I didn't grow up a theatre kid, going to theatre camps. I played sports, and that was my main direction. But luckily, I never had to choose between sports and theatre.;Aaron Tveit;sports
It's funny I'm in some ways hopelessly masculine, but I don't fish, I don't hunt, I'm not that into sports. I can't fix a car. I think it's my point of view and the way I see the world.;Corey Stoll;sports
Everybody sort of questioned why we get married on New Year's Day, and of course, the avid sports fans wouldn't come, because they had to watch the Rose Bowl or whatever that is on that day.;Yeardley Smith;sports
I learned easily and had time to follow my inclination for sports (light athletics and skiing) and chemistry, which I taught myself by reading all textbooks I could get.;Robert Huber;sports
I played a lot of sports when I was a kid so I get in that ballgame mindset of being really, really respectful, but at same time saying to yourself, 'Don't back down a single inch, hang with these guys if you can.' If they throw it high and tight you have to stand in there, you can't take yourself out of that moment.;Michael Keaton;sports
I'm pretty quiet. But I love to play sports. I like playing all sports. I'll act goofy at times around my wife and my son, around my own family. I like to have fun in general.;Steve Blake;sports
I used to play football at school, and I enjoyed really physical sports, but I now try to avoid any sports that might build up different muscles. That might have a negative impact on my archery.;Im Dong-Hyun;sports
My commitment to Atlanta and passion for sports and competition make this acquisition a perfect fit for me.;Arthur Blank;sports
The most important thing you learn as a sports photographer is anticipation - not where the action is taking place, but where it's going to take place. Not where the subject is now, but where they're going to be.;Lawrence Schiller;sports
I've been on enough sports teams in my life to have experienced the magic of what can happen when a group of people care for and love each other.;Tim Ryan;sports
Sports don't define us it is not what we live for.;Michael Wilbon;sports
People here don't identify themselves by their sports team.;Michael Wilbon;sports
I think that people who have played sports have an ability to relate to people because when you're playing you have to work on teams and with opposing players.;Michael Michele;sports
I was certain I was going to do something in sports.;Tyler Christopher;sports
I'm a huge fan of Chicago sports and Chicago food, and I love going home and my family is still there. I guess it's pretty easy to have a normal life in Chicago.;Matt Walsh;sports
Talk radio has almost ruined the sports fan.;Phil Simms;sports
I have a pretty expanded view of what art is. I include pop music and even some sports.;Elizabeth Price;sports
Anyone could be in the orchestra, or sports team, or arts club at my school. It was precisely the kind of inclusivity that now meets with a sort of scorn and derision as a prizes-for-all culture that generates only mediocrity. There's something so insulting about the idea that including lots of people means mediocrity.;Elizabeth Price;sports
I grew up playing sports. There is a clear line between success and failure.;Tiki Barber;sports
I pick projects according to how fascinating they are to me, and it has resulted in a broad reach. My records are actually in five different sports: balloons, airplanes, airships, gliders, and sailboats.;Steve Fossett;sports
Sport must be amateur or it is not sport. Sports played professionally are entertainment.;Avery Brundage;sports
The Olympic Games must not be an end in itself, they must be a means of creating a vast programme of physical education and sports competitions for all young people.;Avery Brundage;sports
I have three kids, and I'm a coach for a lot of their sports, so I'm around them a lot, but I see friends of mine with older kids and they don't really interact so much, other than giving them a place to live.;Mike O'Malley;sports
It's too bad that one has to conceive of sports as being the only arena where risks are, for all of life is risk exercise. That's the only way to live more freely, and more interestingly.;William Sloane Coffin, Jr.;sports
The more violent the body contact of the sports you watch, the lower the class.;Paul Fussell;sports
We wanted Nike to be the world's best sports and fitness company. Once you say that, you have a focus. You don't end up making wing tips or sponsoring the next Rolling Stones world tour.;Philip Knight;sports
I really think more fledgling novelists - and many current and even established novelists - should get out into the real world and cover local politics, sports, culture, and crime and write it up on deadline.;C. J. Box;sports
There are almost no sports within which mortal accidents are not a reality.;Dietrich Mateschitz;sports
When launching a product called an Energy Drink and named Red Bull, a product that stimulates body and mind, it is a short step to the roots where Red Bull came from. We have been doing this for 20 years - now it's called adventure sports, extreme sports, and outdoor sports.;Dietrich Mateschitz;sports
I'm thrilled, I'm grateful, I'm blessed. I played for the world's greatest professional sports team in history. Once a Dallas Cowboy, always a Dallas Cowboy.;Bob Hayes;sports
I think track is still one of the most exciting participant sports, but we haven't been able to capitalize on that excitement through television and the print media.;Bob Beamon;sports
I regard sports first and foremost as entertainment, so dry documentary narration is not for me.;Jack Brickhouse;sports
I always seem to get parts where I play the sports professional - and that's not me at all!;Jay Ryan;sports
Since my induction into the Sports Hall of Fame, I have wanted to have my No. 3 Chevy on exhibit for sports fans to see. I hope others will enjoy the car as much as I have.;Junior Johnson;sports
I love sports - if I'm not acting, I'm probably doing sports.;Gabriel Basso;sports
I was never into sports, and my passion was the arts as long as I could remember.;Stephen Wallem;sports
All pro sports, as well as the NCAA, should thank God every day we have sports betting here... We have the only agency in the world that regulates the honesty of games.;Meyer Lansky;sports
I don't pay much attention to sports.;Jack Abramoff;sports
