I strongly support the call to greatly expand our human intelligence capability to penetrate al Qaeda and gather critical intelligence to prevent terrorist attacks on our homeland.;Jim Ramstad;intelligence
Improving our national intelligence capabilities should remain a top priority and a continual process.;Blanche Lincoln;intelligence
The war on terror, I believe, will be waged by effective intelligence and police work and cruise missiles.;Michael Mandelbaum;intelligence
I do not want to go into its physical reasons: the construction of the human body is different from that of carnivorous animals. But man's intelligence is such that it can be utilised to defend any-thing he does, whether right or wrong.;Morarji Desai;intelligence
As Prime Minister Netanyahu and Defense Minister Barak have repeatedly said, the intelligence and security relationship between the United States and Israel at present is unprecedented. It has never been stronger.;Susan Rice;intelligence
There is a lot of strength and intelligence in Hollywood.;Fay Wray;intelligence
In the fight against terrorism, national agencies keep full control over their police forces, security and intelligence agencies and judicial authorities.;Gijs de Vries;intelligence
In intelligence work, there are limits to the amount of information one can share. Confidentiality is essential.;Gijs de Vries;intelligence
You can't get closer to the heart of national sovereignty than national security and intelligence services.;Gijs de Vries;intelligence
Taste is the fundamental quality which sums up all the other qualities. It is the nec plus ultra of the intelligence. Through this alone is genius the supreme health and balance of all the faculties.;Isidore Ducasse Lautreamont;intelligence
It is difficult, if not impossible, to argue that laws written in the 1970s are adequate for today's intelligence challenges.;Bob Barr;intelligence
Prince Charles is an absolute Mountbatten. The real intelligence in the royal family comes through my parents to Prince Philip and the children.;Lord Mountbatten;intelligence
Ron Howard is as good a person as you could want to work with on film. He never lost his cool. He's the most easygoing, lovely man, but he's got this enormous intelligence and a wonderful humanity.;Christine Baranski;intelligence
Oprah is so bright, and her intelligence is so piercing that I don't think anyone who spends a few minutes with her isn't struck by that.;Victoria Principal;intelligence
When I resigned, I put the U.S. Government on notice that I'm going to stick to policy issues, that I have no intention of going out and blowing the cover off of the intelligence operations, that those are truly sensitive and they should not be exposed.;Scott Ritter;intelligence
The original PATRIOT Act greatly increased our nation's ability to share intelligence information, made better use of technology, and provided terrorism investigators tools that have long been available in cases involving illegal drugs and organized crime.;Michael K. Simpson;intelligence
We can't gather the intelligence we need to foil future attacks, if we are blindly granting terrorists the right to remain silent. But for some reason, we've already done that - with the terrorist who tried to bring down Flight 253.;Peter King;intelligence
Everyone I know who used to be in the intelligence community is moving into the corporate world.;Tony Gilroy;intelligence
I do not - I never believed it's better to kill a terrorist than to detain him. We want to detain as many terrorists as possible so we can elicit the intelligence from them in the appropriate manner so that we can disrupt follow-on terrorist attacks.;John O. Brennan;intelligence
The actions that we take on the counterterrorism front, again, are to take actions against individuals where we believe that the intelligence base is so strong and the nature of the threat is so grave and serious, as well as imminent, that we have no recourse except to take this action that may involve a lethal strike.;John O. Brennan;intelligence
We are in this business, whether it be intelligence or the government, to protect freedom, democracy and liberty, not to violate that.;John O. Brennan;intelligence
I will not, nor will I ever, publicly divulge sensitive intelligence sources and methods. For when that happens, our national security is endangered and lives can be lost.;John O. Brennan;intelligence
As a former career intelligence professional, I have a profound appreciation for the value of intelligence. Intelligence disrupts terrorist plots and thwarts attacks. Intelligence saves lives.;John O. Brennan;intelligence
Would it not be much better to have a president who deliberately lied to the people because he thought a war was essential than to have one who was so dumb as to be taken in by intelligence agencies, especially those who told him what he wanted to hear?;Andrew Greeley;intelligence
But some actors I have met possess an intelligence that I can only dream of. It's about character, it's about behavior. They understand things about people that I simply don't see.;Ron Silver;intelligence
When I was the director of Central Intelligence in the early '90s, I tried to get the Air Force to partner with us in building drones. And they didn't want to, because they had no pilots.;Robert M. Gates;intelligence
But it is equally incontrovertible that if our intelligence gathering process is seriously flawed, we had better find out and find out fast if we are to avoid another Sept. 11.;Adam Schiff;intelligence
The prompt assimilation of that intelligence will be essential if we are to avoid another September 11th.;Adam Schiff;intelligence
Some of the best fan mail I get are from our men and women in the military and intelligence communities. They say, 'Boy you do your homework, this is exactly how we're doing it.';Brad Thor;intelligence
The Patriot Act removed major legal barriers that prevented the law enforcement, intelligence, and national defense communities from talking and coordinating their work to protect the American people and our national security.;Jon Porter;intelligence
I sought Ben Affleck because I needed an everyman for this role. Ben appeals to men and women. He gives you a sense of intelligence, the notion of a guy who can think on his feet.;John Frankenheimer;intelligence
People's intelligence tends to be in inverse proportion to their number. People don't tend to get smarter as they get into bigger groups.;Robyn Hitchcock;intelligence
I take parenting incredibly seriously. I want to be there for my kids and help them navigate the world, and develop skills, emotional intelligence, to enjoy life, and I'm lucky to be able to do that and have two healthy, normal boys.;Joan Cusack;intelligence
I also believe that it is time to begin the fundamental analysis of how we got here, what led us here and what we need to do in order to ensure that we are equipped with the best possible intelligence as we face these issues in the future.;David Kay;intelligence
I have had national security background, 10 years on the Intelligence Committee, the last two years as chair.;Bob Graham;intelligence
We ought to recognize that we have an offensive responsibility to take the war to the terrorists where they are. That responsibility has waned in the last year as military and intelligence resources were withdrawn from Afghanistan and Pakistan to be used in Iraq.;Bob Graham;intelligence
We need to make a greater investment in human intelligence.;Bob Graham;intelligence
During the Cold War, we gathered information by listening to the Soviets, taking pictures of the Soviets, and we allowed our human intelligence to decline.;Bob Graham;intelligence
This president has been reluctant to hold anybody accountable. No one was held accountable after September the 11th. Nobody's been held accountable after the clear flaws in intelligence leading up to the war in Iraq.;Bob Graham;intelligence
In reality, serial killers are of average intelligence.;Pat Brown;intelligence
The PATRIOT Act brought down the wall separating intelligence agencies from law enforcement and other entities charged with protecting the Nation from terrorism.;Chris Chocola;intelligence
Legislation passed in the aftermath of September 11, 2001 enhanced our intelligence capabilities and strengthened our national defense, but until now our nation's immigration policies have not adapted to the needs of a post-September 11th world.;Chris Chocola;intelligence
The great corporations of this country were not founded by ordinary people. They were founded by people with extraordinary intelligence, ambition, and aggressiveness.;Daniel Patrick Moynihan;intelligence
By the 2030s, the nonbiological portion of our intelligence will predominate.;Ray Kurzweil;intelligence
If God be God and man a creature made in image of the divine intelligence, his noblest function is the search for truth.;Morris West;intelligence
We have actually experienced in recent months a dramatic demonstration of an unprecedented intelligence failure, perhaps the most significant intelligence failure in the history of the United States.;Zbigniew Brzezinski;intelligence
I was an intelligence officer, not a policy-maker.;Cofer Black;intelligence
The E.U. has moved to combat global terrorism by instituting common European arrest and evidence warrants and creating a joint situation center to pool and analyze intelligence.;John Bruton;intelligence
As a member of the House Select Committee on Intelligence, I will be participating in several hearings on the startling revelations contained in the report.;Charles Foster Bass;intelligence
The Intelligence Committee will also examine present counterintelligence programs for the Department of Energy, the National Laboratories, and the Department of Defense.;Charles Foster Bass;intelligence
I had been involved in U.S. intelligence in Berlin, Germany, while in the military and had worked with a contact with the Central Intelligence Agency office there.;George J. Mitchell;intelligence
I began even as a boy to realize how wide the world can be for a man of free intelligence.;George Woodcock;intelligence
I've always chosen my band members based on their sense of humor. It might sound stupid, but it means not only are they fun to live with on a tour bus for years, but humor implies intelligence.;Kristin Hersh;intelligence
George Tenet has been the director of central intelligence since 1997, time enough to have changed the Agency's culture. He has failed. He should go.;Richard Perle;intelligence
People have an image of Italians. When I go somewhere in the world, I don't care where it is, when they look at me it's not about my intelligence. It's who can I beat up.;Danny Aiello;intelligence
Look, people have an image of Italians. When I go somewhere in the world, I don't care where it is, when they look at me it's not about my intelligence. It's who can I beat up.;Danny Aiello;intelligence
Despite our very recent appearance on the planet, humanity combines arrogance with increasing material demands, even as we become more numerous. Our toughness is a delusion. Have we the intelligence and discipline to vigilantly guard against our tendency to grow without limit?;Lynn Margulis;intelligence
Louis Freeh said on national TV that actionable intelligence could have allowed us to stop the hijackings.;Curt Weldon;intelligence
How can faceless bureaucrats in an intelligence agency deny brave soldiers a chance to tell the truth?;Curt Weldon;intelligence
One of the great intellectual failures of the American intelligence community, and especially the counterterrorism community, is to assume if someone hasn't attacked us, it's because he can't or because we've defeated him.;Michael Scheuer;intelligence
I'm much better informed than Mr. Clarke ever was about the nature of the intelligence that was available again Osama bin Laden and which was consistently denigrated by himself and Mr. Tenet.;Michael Scheuer;intelligence
The 'Robben Island Bible' has arrived at the British Museum. It's a garish thing, its cover plastered with pink and gold Hindu images, designed to hide its contents. Within is the finest collection of words generated by human intelligence: the complete works of William Shakespeare.;Daniel Hannan;intelligence
Someday we'll learn the whole story of why George W. Bush brushed off that intelligence briefing of Aug. 6, 2001, 'Bin Laden Determined to Strike in U.S.' But surely a big distraction was the major speech he was readying for delivery on Aug. 9, his first prime-time address to the nation.;Frank Rich;intelligence
They have involved co-operation between the Iraqi intelligence and al-Qaeda operatives on training and combined operations regarding bomb making and chemical and biological weapons.;Douglas Feith;intelligence
Terrorists continue to exploit divisions between law enforcement and the intelligence communities that limit the sharing of vital counterterrorism information.;Jim Sensenbrenner;intelligence
We've done it in intelligence sharing and certain elements of security. There were parts of the department, in fact, that worked very well in Katrina, like the Coast Guard and TSA.;Michael Chertoff;intelligence
There is no one, who possesses intelligence and uses reflection, who does not understand that it is one Being who both created all things and governs them with the same energy by which He created them.;Lactantius;intelligence
You mustn't underestimate an audience's intelligence.;Marvin Hamlisch;intelligence
Well, first of all, we did lots of studies where we show practical intelligence doesn't correlate with G. We have probably two dozen studies that practical intelligence better predicts job success than IQ.;Robert Sternberg;intelligence
In November, they transferred control of Abu Ghraib to the military intelligence command completely it was, after all, the center for interrogations for Iraq.;Janis Karpinski;intelligence
The day after the prison was transferred to the military intelligence command, they had an entire battalion - 1,200, 1,500 soldiers - arrive at Abu Ghraib just for force protection alone.;Janis Karpinski;intelligence
Military intelligence interrogators, however, their goal is to get information, to save lives, to stop the war, to find Saddam - whatever the information is going to be used for, at whatever cost.;Janis Karpinski;intelligence
I need to add that my work on multiple intelligences received a huge boost in 1995 when Daniel Goleman published his book on emotional intelligence. I am often confused with Dan. Initially, though Dan and I are longtime friends, this confusion irritated me.;Howard Gardner;intelligence
People have taught me not to look for intelligence in rockmusic.;Andrew Eldritch;intelligence
In our society those who are in reality superior in intelligence can be accepted by their fellows only if they pretend they are not.;Marya Mannes;intelligence
I did my military service from 1989 - 92 and I was never shot at or had to fire on anybody. I was very lucky. I was more involved in intelligence and counter-intelligence.;Oded Fehr;intelligence
We live less and less, and we learn more and more. Sensibility is surrendering to intelligence.;Remy de Gourmont;intelligence
Within thirty years, we will have the technological means to create superhuman intelligence.;Vernor Vinge;intelligence
But every time our ability to access information and to communicate it to others is improved, in some sense we have achieved an increase over natural intelligence.;Vernor Vinge;intelligence
I am suggesting that we recognize that in network and interface research there is something as profound (and potential wild) as Artificial Intelligence.;Vernor Vinge;intelligence
If you imagine someone with 100 percent determination and 100 percent intelligence, you can discard a lot of intelligence before they stop succeeding. But if you start discarding determination, you very quickly get an ineffectual and perpetual grad student.;Paul Graham;intelligence
The intelligence failures with respect to Iraq were massive and have damaged our credibility around the world.;Carl Levin;intelligence
When a decision is made to go to war based on intelligence, it is a fateful decision. It has ramifications and impacts way beyond the current months and years.;Carl Levin;intelligence
Dr. Rice's record on Iraq gives me great concern. In her public statements she clearly overstated and exaggerated the intelligence concerning Iraq before the war in order to support the President's decision to initiate military action against Iraq.;Carl Levin;intelligence
I am committed to ensure that our intelligence community, law enforcement, medical professionals, and military have the information and funding needed to protect the American people from threats at home and abroad.;Leonard Boswell;intelligence
The 9/11 Commission strongly recommends that the National Intelligence Director be fully in control of the budget, from developing it to implementing it, to ensuring that the National Intelligence Director has the clout to make decisions.;Leonard Boswell;intelligence
The National Intelligence Director needs the authority to do the job we are asking him to do. That means power over the intelligence budget. And to be effective, to be allowed to do his or her job, they must have authority over the budget.;Leonard Boswell;intelligence
I mean enormous pressure was brought to bear - Valerie Amos, Lady Amos, went round Africa with people from our intelligence services trying to press them. I had to make sure that we didn't promise a misuse of aid in a way that would be illegal.;Clare Short;intelligence
The qualities I am looking for in Miss Right are intelligence and humour.;Brendan Coyle;intelligence
If the presence of electricity can be made visible in any part of the circuit, I see no reason why intelligence may not be transmitted instantaneously by electricity.;Samuel Morse;intelligence
The intelligence investigation under the leadership of Senator Church, which I know has helped cause this investigation by you, points out that the agencies did not disclose certain facts to us and that certain plots were going on.;John Sherman Cooper;intelligence
My work requires acting at its most committed - it demands actors of enormous resilience, but also intelligence and wit. It doesn't work for narcissistic or selfish actors.;Mike Leigh;intelligence
Policymakers have to make judgments based on the best intelligence they get.;Frank Carlucci;intelligence
My understanding is that what was provided was general order of battle information, not operational intelligence. I certainly have no knowledge of US participation in preparing battle and strike packages and doubt strongly that that occurred.;Frank Carlucci;intelligence
I can remember when I was National Security Adviser, the intelligence community told us... they put out an intelligence report saying that Iran would never back off from attacks on shipping in the Gulf if we use force.;Frank Carlucci;intelligence
And I argued with that intelligence estimate and I think it is a responsibility of policymakers to use their best judgment on the basis of the intelligence they've received.;Frank Carlucci;intelligence
We have been working hard to think about what our combined needs are going to be in the way of intelligence capabilities, not today but 15 to 20 years in the future.;Stephen Cambone;intelligence
Over the course of two years, we arrived at a point where we began to look at the value added by making information more easily accessible across the intelligence community, both defense and national.;Stephen Cambone;intelligence
One is to ensure that the war fighters and the intelligence analysts get the information that they need when they need it, in a format that's useful to them.;Stephen Cambone;intelligence
