Bats drink on the wing, like swallows, by sipping the surface, as they play over pools and streams.;Gilbert White;nature
Having contemplated this admirable grove, I proceeded towards the shrubberies on the banks of the river, and though it was now late in December, the aromatic groves appeared in full bloom.;William Bartram;nature
My progress was rendered delightful by the sylvan elegance of the groves, chearful meadows, and high distant forests, which in grand order presented themselves to view.;William Bartram;nature
When I see a bird that walks like a duck and swims like a duck and quacks like a duck, I call that bird a duck.;James Whitcomb Riley;nature
The groves were God's first temples.;William C. Bryant;nature
The moment a little boy is concerned with which is a jay and which is a sparrow, he can no longer see the birds or hear them sing.;Eric Berne;nature
Whenever the pressure of our complex city life thins my blood and numbs my brain, I seek relief in the trail and when I hear the coyote wailing to the yellow dawn, my cares fall from me - I am happy.;Hamlin Garland;nature
We talk of our mastery of nature, which sounds very grand but the fact is we respectfully adapt ourselves, first, to her ways.;Clarence Day;nature
I think that I shall never see a poem lovely as a tree.;Joyce Kilmer;nature
It was one of those perfect English autumnal days which occur more frequently in memory than in life.;P. D. James;nature
My recollection of a hundred lovely lakes has given me blessed release from care and worry and the troubled thinking of our modern day. It has been a return to the primitive and the peaceful.;Hamlin Garland;nature
Maybe nature is fundamentally ugly, chaotic and complicated. But if it's like that, then I want out.;Steven Weinberg;nature
People in cities may forget the soil for as long as a hundred years, but Mother Nature's memory is long and she will not let them forget indefinitely.;Henry Cantwell Wallace;nature
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.;Ingrid Bergman;nature
We need to find God, and he cannot be found in noise and restlessness. God is the friend of silence. See how nature - trees, flowers, grass- grows in silence see the stars, the moon and the sun, how they move in silence... We need silence to be able to touch souls.;Mother Teresa;nature
A strong body makes the mind strong. As to the species of exercises, I advise the gun. While this gives moderate exercise to the body, it gives boldness, enterprise and independence to the mind. Games played with the ball, and others of that nature, are too violent for the body and stamp no character on the mind. Let your gun therefore be your constant companion of your walks.;Thomas Jefferson;nature
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.;Helen Keller;nature
Our task must be to free ourselves by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature and its beauty.;Albert Einstein;nature
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;nature
Joy in looking and comprehending is nature's most beautiful gift.;Albert Einstein;nature
We still do not know one thousandth of one percent of what nature has revealed to us.;Albert Einstein;nature
Occurrences in this domain are beyond the reach of exact prediction because of the variety of factors in operation, not because of any lack of order in nature.;Albert Einstein;nature
It stands to the everlasting credit of science that by acting on the human mind it has overcome man's insecurity before himself and before nature.;Albert Einstein;nature
Money has never made man happy, nor will it, there is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more of it one has the more one wants.;Benjamin Franklin;nature
God and Nature first made us what we are, and then out of our own created genius we make ourselves what we want to be. Follow always that great law. Let the sky and God be our limit and Eternity our measurement.;Marcus Garvey;nature
A peace is of the nature of a conquest for then both parties nobly are subdued, and neither party loser.;William Shakespeare;nature
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts: therefore, guard accordingly, and take care that you entertain no notions unsuitable to virtue and reasonable nature.;Marcus Aurelius;nature
Truth is by nature self-evident. As soon as you remove the cobwebs of ignorance that surround it, it shines clear.;Mahatma Gandhi;nature
Sex is a part of nature. I go along with nature.;Marilyn Monroe;nature
All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire.;Aristotle;nature
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be.;Anne Frank;nature
Man can never be a woman's equal in the spirit of selfless service with which nature has endowed her.;Mahatma Gandhi;nature
If the machine of government is of such a nature that it requires you to be the agent of injustice to another, then, I say, break the law.;Henry David Thoreau;nature
A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;nature
Miracles do not, in fact, break the laws of nature.;C. S. Lewis;nature
We should meet abuse by forbearance. Human nature is so constituted that if we take absolutely no notice of anger or abuse, the person indulging in it will soon weary of it and stop.;Mahatma Gandhi;nature
What we call Man's power over Nature turns out to be a power exercised by some men over other men with Nature as its instrument.;C. S. Lewis;nature
Man's nature is not essentially evil. Brute nature has been know to yield to the influence of love. You must never despair of human nature.;Mahatma Gandhi;nature
Perhaps nature is our best assurance of immortality.;Eleanor Roosevelt;nature
Nature hath framed strange fellows in her time.;William Shakespeare;nature
Nature and books belong to the eyes that see them.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;nature
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.;Lao Tzu;nature
All men by nature desire knowledge.;Aristotle;nature
In general, mankind, since the improvement of cookery, eats twice as much as nature requires.;Benjamin Franklin;nature
All men are by nature equal, made all of the same earth by one Workman and however we deceive ourselves, as dear unto God is the poor peasant as the mighty prince.;Plato;nature
Keep close to Nature's heart... and break clear away, once in awhile, and climb a mountain or spend a week in the woods. Wash your spirit clean.;John Muir;nature
It is cruel, you know, that music should be so beautiful. It has the beauty of loneliness of pain: of strength and freedom. The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love. The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony.;Benjamin Britten;nature
All the perplexities, confusion and distress in America arise, not from defects in their Constitution or Confederation, not from want of honor or virtue, so much as from the downright ignorance of the nature of coin, credit and circulation.;John Adams;nature
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination.;Voltaire;nature
Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;nature
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul.;John Muir;nature
I have no hostility to nature, but a child's love to it. I expand and live in the warm day like corn and melons.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;nature
I'm concentrating on staying healthy, having peace, being happy, remembering what is important, taking in nature and animals, spending time reading, trying to understand the universe, where science and the spiritual meet.;Joan Jett;nature
We see God face to face every hour, and know the savor of Nature.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;nature
Nature hates calculators.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;nature
We are by nature observers, and thereby learners. That is our permanent state.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;nature
Everything in Nature contains all the powers of Nature. Everything is made of one hidden stuff.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;nature
The method of nature: who could ever analyze it?;Ralph Waldo Emerson;nature
Man is by nature a political animal.;Aristotle;nature
Nature does nothing in vain.;Aristotle;nature
For as the eyes of bats are to the blaze of day, so is the reason in our soul to the things which are by nature most evident of all.;Aristotle;nature
Nature is full of genius, full of the divinity so that not a snowflake escapes its fashioning hand.;Henry David Thoreau;nature
The moral virtues, then, are produced in us neither by nature nor against nature. Nature, indeed, prepares in us the ground for their reception, but their complete formation is the product of habit.;Aristotle;nature
Hence poetry is something more philosophic and of graver import than history, since its statements are rather of the nature of universals, whereas those of history are singulars.;Aristotle;nature
I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image.;Stephen Hawking;nature
He who can be, and therefore is, another's, and he who participates in reason enough to apprehend, but not to have, is a slave by nature.;Aristotle;nature
Art is not merely an imitation of the reality of nature, but in truth a metaphysical supplement to the reality of nature, placed alongside thereof for its conquest.;Friedrich Nietzsche;nature
Nature is not human hearted.;Lao Tzu;nature
It is better to do one's own duty, however defective it may be, than to follow the duty of another, however well one may perform it. He who does his duty as his own nature reveals it, never sins.;Lao Tzu;nature
Our treasure lies in the beehive of our knowledge. We are perpetually on the way thither, being by nature winged insects and honey gatherers of the mind.;Friedrich Nietzsche;nature
Were I called on to define, very briefly, the term Art, I should call it 'the reproduction of what the Senses perceive in Nature through the veil of the soul.' The mere imitation, however accurate, of what is in Nature, entitles no man to the sacred name of 'Artist.';Edgar Allan Poe;nature
The goal of life is to make your heartbeat match the beat of the universe, to match your nature with Nature.;Joseph Campbell;nature
You may make some mistakes - but that doesn't make you a sinner. You've got the very nature of God on the inside of you.;Joel Osteen;nature
There are certain pursuits which, if not wholly poetic and true, do at least suggest a nobler and finer relation to nature than we know. The keeping of bees, for instance.;Henry David Thoreau;nature
What is tolerance? It is the consequence of humanity. We are all formed of frailty and error let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly - that is the first law of nature.;Voltaire;nature
Nature puts no question and answers none which we mortals ask. She has long ago taken her resolution.;Henry David Thoreau;nature
The Artist is he who detects and applies the law from observation of the works of Genius, whether of man or Nature. The Artisan is he who merely applies the rules which others have detected.;Henry David Thoreau;nature
What is human warfare but just this an effort to make the laws of God and nature take sides with one party.;Henry David Thoreau;nature
To be admitted to Nature's hearth costs nothing. None is excluded, but excludes himself. You have only to push aside the curtain.;Henry David Thoreau;nature
Nature and human life are as various as our several constitutions. Who shall say what prospect life offers to another?;Henry David Thoreau;nature
In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.;John Muir;nature
There are moments when all anxiety and stated toil are becalmed in the infinite leisure and repose of nature.;Henry David Thoreau;nature
Good nature is worth more than knowledge, more than money, more than honor, to the persons who possess it.;Henry Ward Beecher;nature
It appears to be a law that you cannot have a deep sympathy with both man and nature.;Henry David Thoreau;nature
There is more of good nature than of good sense at the bottom of most marriages.;Henry David Thoreau;nature
I am against nature. I don't dig nature at all. I think nature is very unnatural. I think the truly natural things are dreams, which nature can't touch with decay.;Bob Dylan;nature
External nature is only internal nature writ large.;Swami Vivekananda;nature
Truth is, I'll never know all there is to know about you just as you will never know all there is to know about me. Humans are by nature too complicated to be understood fully. So, we can choose either to approach our fellow human beings with suspicion or to approach them with an open mind, a dash of optimism and a great deal of candour.;Tom Hanks;nature
He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden.;Plato;nature
No man should bring children into the world who is unwilling to persevere to the end in their nature and education.;Plato;nature
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.;Henry Ward Beecher;nature
Retaliation is related to nature and instinct, not to law. Law, by definition, cannot obey the same rules as nature.;Albert Camus;nature
Nature gives you the face you have at twenty it is up to you to merit the face you have at fifty.;Coco Chanel;nature
The savior who wants to turn men into angels is as much a hater of human nature as the totalitarian despot who wants to turn them into puppets.;Eric Hoffer;nature
But while they prate of economic laws, men and women are starving. We must lay hold of the fact that economic laws are not made by nature. They are made by human beings.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;nature
My nature just changes.;Jimi Hendrix;nature
I was trying to do too many things at the same time, which is my nature. But I was enjoying it, and I still do enjoy it.;Jimi Hendrix;nature
The family is one of nature's masterpieces.;George Santayana;nature
The tree which moves some to tears of joy is in the eyes of others only a green thing that stands in the way. Some see nature all ridicule and deformity... and some scarce see nature at all. But to the eyes of the man of imagination, nature is imagination itself.;William Blake;nature
