You can't make assumptions when you're dealing with health issues.;Adam Clayton;health
I am extremely proud of my service with the government and my efforts to help safeguard public health and protect our country against the scourge of offensive biological warfare.;Steven Hatfill;health
Why do British people make such good TV? It's so annoying. Stop it. Is it because they have free health care? Uggh.;Elizabeth Meriwether;health
Man becomes weak or ill by accident as a consequence of the lack of resources. Even the most severally ill patients must be treated with the aim of restoring their health.;Michael Servetus;health
Those were the ideals that drove us to nationalization of the health service.;Barbara Castle;health
Pizza certainly has its place in school meals, but equating it with broccoli, carrots and celery seriously undermines this nation's efforts to support children's health and their ability to learn because of better school nutrition.;Jared Polis;health
Swedes are such a civilised, perfect society - at least on the surface. There's a great safety net, a huge middle class, free education, free health care. People are very polite, they wait their turn. They're not too loud, they're not too quiet, but sometimes it's a little too perfect.;Alexander Skarsgard;health
A common misconception is that the costs of health care are cheaper in rural America, when in fact the reality is that they are more expensive and more difficult to access.;Blanche Lincoln;health
Whether it's making sure that families have access to quality health care and child care, or making sure that our children receive the best educational opportunities we can give them, we must remain committed to these needs because our children are our future.;Blanche Lincoln;health
To maximize our potential to enhance our health and our knowledge, we should remain open to new understanding and evolving technology or resources that might inspire a change in our approach to these important questions.;Samuel Wilson;health
The infrastructure for linking environmental health and public health is not working as well as it should.;Samuel Wilson;health
Moreover, environmental health at the local level has become narrowly focused, very much defined around regulations and the attendant regulatory debates.;Samuel Wilson;health
In addition, I'll be attending women's health expos and medical conferences with the goal to promote dialogue between women and their health-care providers.;Karen Duffy;health
To get away from poverty, you need several things at the same time: school, health, and infrastructure - those are the public investments. And on the other side, you need market opportunities, information, employment, and human rights.;Hans Rosling;health
I am enormously honored to be one of the spokesmen of the New Age Womens Health Campaign, so you'll be seeing me in public service announcements and public appearances supporting the campaign.;Karen Duffy;health
Many of us believe that we need health care reform. That being said - Americans felt like they weren't being listened to. There were a lot of people across the political spectrum who said we don't want a one-size-fits-all healthcare plan.;Timothy Griffin;health
I never expected in a million years that I would have the honor to become an advocate of women's health care and education, and I'd dive on a live grenade to get this message out, so thank you for this forum.;Karen Duffy;health
When I gave birth to my fourth child, I suffered from post partum hemorrhaging. I almost lost my life. I was lucky to be under the care of trained health care personnel. I started wondering then what was happening to women in rural villages.;Joyce Banda;health
The place I feel most at home is when I have health insurance. I really don't care how I get it, whether it's on film, or television or waiting tables, you know?;Benjamin Walker;health
I suspect the psychological pressure associated with that crisis caused the first mental blackout I had ever suffered. It contributed to a deterioration in my health that later required the insertion of a heart pacemaker.;Kamisese Mara;health
Making sure that health care is affordable for every American. I think that is very, very important.;Kendrick Meek;health
Looking at affordable health care, I think it is important that we look not only at prescription drugs, but also make sure that there is a major focus on health care.;Kendrick Meek;health
I never could have achieved the success that I have without setting physical activity and health goals.;Bonnie Blair;health
The H-1B visa program which helps sustain our rapidly growing economy and also helps meet the health care needs of families living in rural New Mexico.;Heather Wilson;health
We are involved in youth testing internationally. We want to try to prove without a shadow of a doubt the relationship between physical fitness and health, not just physical fitness and ability to perform.;Kenneth H. Cooper;health
We've had risk assessments performed by Harvard University, which said that even if we did have a small number of cases in this country that the likelihood of it spreading or getting into any kind of human health problem is very, very small.;Ann Veneman;health
Great Britain had a much different situation than we do and did here in the United States, in that they had literally thousands of infected animals with human health risks. Their infectivity in this disease happened before very much was known about it.;Ann Veneman;health
I have to say that in this particular cow that we're dealing with, those parts of the cow were removed, and so we don't think there's any risk or very negligible risk to human health with this particular incident.;Ann Veneman;health
It's not health care reform to dump more money into Medicaid.;Phil Bredesen;health
But the fact of the matter is that all scientific evidence would show, based upon what we know about this disease, that muscle cuts - that is, the meat of the animal itself - should not cause any risk to human health.;Ann Veneman;health
Since the 1960s, there has been a tremendous expansion of the resources available to pay for health care.;Phil Bredesen;health
I think it's important that, as a matter of course, the brain and spinal column were removed from this cow, and that would be the material that would cause concern in terms of human health. And therefore we're confident in the safety of the food supply.;Ann Veneman;health
If it's really so wonderful that both partners have to work to make a living to pay for their house, for health insurance, someone is obviously going to get the short end of the stick.;Eric Braeden;health
Domestic discretionary spending on education and health care and the environment has been growing at 2 to 3 percent a year. He says we have to rein it in, but he ignores the spending category that is the big spike in the budget.;John Spratt;health
I want to assure your excellency that I am occupying myself permanently and jointly with my team to achieve a solution as soon as possible to this crisis, the principal objective being the safeguarding of the health and life of those who are inside.;Alberto Fujimori;health
I think it's time to have a celebration of life and renew our vows. And this time we're going to write the vows because they're going to mean a lot more. We certainly put the 'in sickness and in health' vow to the test the last year and half.;Bill Rancic;health
They've got to tell us what is necessary to ensure the future health of the river system.;John Anderson;health
What we know from World War I is that some of our troops had acute symptoms of exposure to chemicals, had bad health and died because of chemical exposure in World War I.;Christopher Shays;health
If you believe that health care is a public good to be guaranteed by the state, then a single-payer system is the next best alternative. Unfortunately, it is fiscally unsustainable without rationing.;Charles Krauthammer;health
I think that some of our soldiers die in the battlefield and some come home to bad health and die prematurely, just by the nature of the kind of business they're in.;Christopher Shays;health
Everyone knows that exercise can improve your health. Exercise is a key part of managing your weight and maintaining healthy hearts, lungs, and other bodily systems. But did you know that exercise can make you more productive? The latest research shows that a regular exercise routine can make you happier, smarter, and more energetic.;Robert Pozen;health
The record business is dangerous to the health of bands and individuals, which is something I'm just now learning. But it's not dangerous in any of the ways people think it's not that they try to make you compromise your art. That's not the problem.;T-Bone Burnett;health
I believe that stress is a factor in any bad health.;Christopher Shays;health
I am all about health... and to me, size is not what defines your health.;Teri Hatcher;health
My father was a member of the Teamsters Union in California, where he helped to organize better health care for workers. My mother worked for more than 20 years on an assembly line.;Hilda Solis;health
You can never turn the clock back and, since we're talking about mental health, I would stress that.;Peter Shilton;health
No one has the right to threaten the health, education, and well-being of children by involving them in illegal or inappropriate work.;Hilda Solis;health
I'm as obsessive with health as I was with destruction.;Dave Navarro;health
I am not obsessive about anything except my health.;Linda Gray;health
The health care industry can play a great role in this by being aware of the fact that these children form perhaps the most neglected group of people in the country, largely because it is hard to find them.;C. Everett Koop;health
One positive command he gave us: You shall love and honor your emperor. In every congregation a prayer must be said for the czar's health, or the chief of police would close the synagogue.;Mary Antin;health
To get rich never risk your health. For it is the truth that health is the wealth of wealth.;Richard Baker;health
Well, there are about 10 million children that aren't covered by health insurance. About 3 million qualify for Medicaid but don't get it, so we're going to reach out and bring more of those kids into the Medicaid program.;Franklin Raines;health
The health care reform legislation passed by the U.S. House of Representatives last night clearly violates the U.S. Constitution and infringes on each state's sovereignty.;Bill McCollum;health
Now our job, our duty, our responsibility to ensure the safety and security of our citizens cannot be complete unless we guarantee health care security for our citizens.;Thomas Vilsack;health
The sexes were made for each other, and only in the wise and loving union of the two is the fullness of health and duty and happiness to be expected.;William Hall;health
Let's face it, in America today we don't have a health care system, we have a sick care system.;Tom Harkin;health
The highest-income Americans don't need tax-free health insurance, mortgage interest deductions or deferred taxation on retirement funds.;Steven Rattner;health
I've declined every congressional benefit I could decline, federal health insurance, the retirement program, the 403(b) program, which I think is overly generous. I've got self-imposed term limits of six terms if I have the privilege to serve that long.;Scott Rigell;health
Increased revenues, meaning higher taxes, will be a central element of any successful long-term budget plan, and President Obama is right to insist that the wealthy - the slice of America that has come through the recession in by far the best financial health - should provide those funds.;Steven Rattner;health
I learned that people everywhere are basically the same and have similar goals that we do. They want health and happiness and the opportunity to provide for their families.;Steve Kerr;health
Yoga is at the core of my health and wellness routine even if it's only for 10 to 15 minutes I find it helps me to re-center and to focus as well as improve my overall core strength.;Miranda Kerr;health
Smoking is the now the principal avoidable cause of premature death in Britain. It hits the worst off people hardest of all. Smoking is one of the principal causes of the health gap which leads to poorer people being ill more often and dying sooner.;Frank Dobson;health
It's been proven that fitting more activity into your day can greatly improve your health.;Pierre Dukan;health
Illegal immigration is not just a matter of interest in states along our border with Mexico. It is having an effect on local economies, schools, health care delivery, and public safety all across the country.;Roger Wicker;health
Mr. Speaker, our Nation must no longer be complacent about underage drinking and its alarming consequences. We must bring this national public health crisis out of the shadow and into the bright light of a national priority.;Lucille Roybal-Allard;health
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.;Confucius;history
The dogmas of the quiet past are inadequate to the stormy present. The occasion is piled high with difficulty, and we must rise with the occasion. As our case is new, so we must think anew and act anew.;Abraham Lincoln;history
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history.;Mahatma Gandhi;history
The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much it is whether we provide enough for those who have little.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;history
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.;Thomas Jefferson;history
The very ink with which history is written is merely fluid prejudice.;Mark Twain;history
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.;Winston Churchill;history
Study history, study history. In history lies all the secrets of statecraft.;Winston Churchill;history
If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor. If an elephant has its foot on the tail of a mouse and you say that you are neutral, the mouse will not appreciate your neutrality.;Desmond Tutu;history
To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan you should wear it inside, where it functions best.;Margaret Thatcher;history
History is a relentless master. It has no present, only the past rushing into the future. To try to hold fast is to be swept aside.;John F. Kennedy;history
If we cannot now end our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity.;John F. Kennedy;history
We would like to live as we once lived, but history will not permit it.;John F. Kennedy;history
Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend.;Margaret Thatcher;history
Observe good faith and justice toward all nations. Cultivate peace and harmony with all.;George Washington;history
Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it.;George Santayana;history
France, and the whole of Europe have a great culture and an amazing history. Most important thing though is that people there know how to live! In America they've forgotten all about it. I'm afraid that the American culture is a disaster.;Johnny Depp;history
This is one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.;Neil Armstrong;history
The world we see that seems so insane is the result of a belief system that is not working. To perceive the world differently, we must be willing to change our belief system, let the past slip away, expand our sense of now, and dissolve the fear in our minds.;William James;history
I came, I saw, I conquered.;Julius Caesar;history
A world without nuclear weapons would be less stable and more dangerous for all of us.;Margaret Thatcher;history
Those who don't know history are destined to repeat it.;Edmund Burke;history
When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world.;George Washington Carver;history
A pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood.;George S. Patton;history
Americans love to fight. All real Americans love the sting of battle.;George S. Patton;history
History is more or less bunk.;Henry Ford;history
That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history.;Aldous Huxley;history
The whole course of human history may depend on a change of heart in one solitary and even humble individual - for it is in the solitary mind and soul of the individual that the battle between good and evil is waged and ultimately won or lost.;M. Scott Peck;history
History is an account, mostly false, of events, mostly unimportant, which are brought about by rulers, mostly knaves, and soldiers, mostly fools.;Ambrose Bierce;history
Posterity: you will never know how much it has cost my generation to preserve your freedom. I hope you will make good use of it.;John Quincy Adams;history
History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree upon.;Napoleon Bonaparte;history
Historian: an unsuccessful novelist.;H. L. Mencken;history
If one morning I walked on top of the water across the Potomac River, the headline that afternoon would read: 'President Can't Swim.';Lyndon B. Johnson;history
