I do two things. I design mobile computers and I study brains.;Jeff Hawkins;design
It is not that you do wrong by design, but that you should never do right by mistake.;Junius;design
But my point is that you design something in the end that precludes any unhealthy trading practices that are not going to serve your environmental or your economic objectives but now is not the time to do it.;John Anderson;design
I'm into designing houses and interior design. I like change. I like creating things out of nothing.;Chris Kirkpatrick;design
I've always loved interior design.;Genie Francis;design
Once you come up with a premise, you have to work out how it all happened. It's a bit like coming up with a spectacular roof design first. Before you can get it up there, you need to build a solid foundation and supporting structure.;Linwood Barclay;design
Nothing they design ever gets in the way of a work of art.;Robert Hughes;design
The design of those commissioners, frigates and warlike force is directed rather against Long Island and these your Honors' possessions, than to the imagined reform of New England.;Peter Stuyvesant;design
I finished high school there and then I went to Rhode Island School of Design.;Stephen Sprouse;design
After all, C++ isn't a perfect match for Java's design aims either.;Bjarne Stroustrup;design
Of course, I did lots of what would be called graphic design now, what used to be called commercial art.;Leonard Baskin;design
When the Grateful Dead needed a quality sound system to deliver our sonic payload, I learned electronics and speaker design.;Mickey Hart;design
IBM was the original contractor for much of the computer interface design on the film.;Douglas Trumbull;design
My particular aesthetic of light and color and design wouldn't change as a result of working with computer graphics rather than with slit scan or miniatures.;Douglas Trumbull;design
There were IBM logos designed for the film, and there were IBM design consultants working with Kubrick on the layout of the controls and computer screens.;Douglas Trumbull;design
I brought a lot of my own pieces of clothes to the design room when I first met with the design team just so they could see what my style was like.;Nastia Liukin;design
I believe consistency and orthogonality are tools of design, not the primary goal in design.;Yukihiro Matsumoto;design
Actually, I didn't make the claim that Ruby follows the principle of least surprise. Someone felt the design of Ruby follows that philosophy, so they started saying that. I didn't bring that up, actually.;Yukihiro Matsumoto;design
Acting isn't for me. I don't like being told what to do. I'm more interested in set design, more visually driven.;Sofia Coppola;design
There is a lot of interest in the arts, music, theatre, filmmaking, engineering, architecture and software design. I think we have now transitioned the modern-day version of the entrepreneur into the creative economy.;John Baldacci;design
Looking back, video game design seems a natural fit, although there was no such thing when I was growing up. I built a Tic-Tac-Toe playing machine in my teens which went up in smoke on the night it was scheduled to go to a science fair.;David Crane;design
My background is in hardware design. I found hardware work to be a welcome change from thousands of hours of programming and that led to the designs you mentioned.;David Crane;design
I wear a lot of different hats - from writer to producer and artist. We all do 5 or 6 jobs, everything from creating our own graphic design to actually recording and the whole bit.;William Bell;design
If you decide to design your own language, there are thousands of sort of amateur language designer pitfalls.;Guido van Rossum;design
I am interested in computers and technology, and art, photography, and design.;William Landay;design
I have made bouquets of pleats, bouquets of flowers, bouquets of ruffles, bouquets of feathers. Often I design in mousseline, held tightly around the waist, and with something else going on all around.;Giambattista Valli;design
You all know that each title in the Chronicles has a chess theme that's partly because of the overall design of the Chronicles themselves - the game of chess as an analogue of the game of life.;Dorothy Dunnett;design
If we don't have accurate information, if we are not able to tell difficult truth one to another, we will never be able to effectively design a policy for Iraq.;Jack Reed;design
Usually I design the lighting and when I have the physical set there, I'm not good at going out loosely and saying, 'Do you what you want, give it to the editor, and he'll figure it out.' I physically then walk on with the actors and I say, 'Let's walk until you guys feel the space works for you, and tell me when all that happens.';Tarsem Singh;design
The New Testament evinces its universal design in its very, style, which alone distinguishes it from all the literary productions of earlier and later times.;Philip Schaff;design
I have lived with my husband more than I have with my parents... I live beside him, and know his worries, his hopes, and his dreams for his nation. We believe that things happen by design, not in an arbitrary way. And we believe it is our duty to make things happen.;Mozah bint Nasser Al Missned;design
So much of design is context.;Steve Madden;design
I could design an $800 shoe line it's easy. You use the best materials and you can make beautiful shoes. It's easier than making great shoes for $90.;Steve Madden;design
My strengths as a businessman lie in the design and sale of women's shoes, and I have never been comfortable with complicated or technical legal or business documents.;Steve Madden;design
The Constitution remains brilliant in its overall design and sound with respect to the Bill of Rights and the separation of powers. But there are numerous archaic provisions that inhibit constructive change and adaptation. These constitutional bits affect the daily life of the republic and every citizen in it.;Larry J. Sabato;design
The Court is most vulnerable and comes nearest to illegitimacy when it deals with judge-made constitutional law having little or no cognizable roots in the language or design of the Constitution.;Byron White;design
Once the product's task is known, design the interface first then implement to the interface design.;Jef Raskin;design
I've come up through art school, through painting, through graphic design, through advertising, through TV commercials and music video. I've designed books, built billboards, matchbooks, corporate identities. I continuously paint, I've done conceptual art pictures.;Tony Kaye;design
If a course needs to be in great condition to be played effectively, then the design strategy is flawed.;Tom Watson;design
That's something I learned in art school. I studied graphic design in Germany, and my professor emphasized the responsibility that designers and illustrators have towards the people they create things for.;Eric Carle;design
Intelligent design itself does not have any content.;George Gilder;design
The interesting thing is when we design and architect a server, we don't design it for Windows or Linux, we design it for both. We don't really care, as long as we're selling the one the customer wants.;Michael Dell;design
Being non-commercial is never an ambition. Movies come together at different points for fortuitous reasons. You do them as you get the opportunity, as opposed to doing them when you choose to or design to.;Ethan Coen;design
Design can change how you look at yourself.;Ty Pennington;design
When you design it, think how you would feel if you had to fly it! Safety first!;Donald Wills Douglas;design
It is not possible to design always the same. How to be different in each different place - that is the most important work and duty of the architect to find out.;Jean Nouvel;design
Every step and every movement of the multitude, even in what are termed enlightened ages, are made with equal blindness to the future and nations stumble upon establishments, which are indeed the result of human action, but not the execution of any human design.;Adam Ferguson;design
Different people have different styles, but there is an opportunity as a director to be a writer in every moment, with every visual cue and every piece of production design. Everything is a decision, and everything can be obsessed over.;B. J. Novak;design
The scientific argument advanced for intelligent design at the Dover trial, those arguments collapsed, scientifically and intellectually.;Kenneth R. Miller;design
The argument for intelligent design basically depends on saying, 'You haven't answered every question with evolution,'... Well, guess what? Science can't answer every question.;Kenneth R. Miller;design
The new strategy is to teach intelligent design without calling it intelligent design.;Kenneth R. Miller;design
For many years, I have lived uncomfortably with the belief that most planning and architectural design suffers for lack of real and basic purpose. The ultimate purpose, it seems to me, must be the improvement of mankind.;James Rouse;design
The mind is like a richly woven tapestry in which the colors are distilled from the experiences of the senses, and the design drawn from the convolutions of the intellect.;Carson McCullers;design
It is most necessary to avoid rusticity in any way, whether in material, design, or execution.;George Edmund Street;design
Computers are to design as microwaves are to cooking.;Milton Glaser;design
I just bought a Mac to help me design the next Cray.;Seymoure Cray;design
I decided to go to school for advertising and graphic design. That was what I was gonna do but acting is that thing, it's like a splinter in your mind and you can't get rid of it. So I decided to move to L.A. a few years ago and it just snowballed into this thing called 'The Hunger Games.';Dayo Okeniyi;design
'Design Star' was incredible, and I didn't think it could get any better, and then 'Color Splash' happened.;David Bromstad;design
Technology is making design more exciting, with color, wallpaper, textures, fabrics that could never have been created without the technology.;David Bromstad;design
I try to look at design from a more conceptual standpoint.;Cynthia Rowley;design
Art has definitely influenced how I think of design, both as individual items and as a body of work.;Cynthia Rowley;design
Whenever I design any variant, or when anybody sends me one, I always say if at all possible within the context of the game don't have two home supply centers touching each other.;Fred Davis;design
Language, philosophy, and science are interwoven into the design of words, which are manipulated to create surprising illusions.;John Langdon;design
By means of tracing-paper I transfer my design to the wood and draw on that.;John Tenniel;design
Design has taken the place of what sailing used to be.;Dennis Conner;design
I am going to design... a Station after my own fancy that is, with engineering roofs, etc.;Isambard K. Brunel;design
The design of a dress, furniture, a house, a room, a street and a city are all the same process.;Gianfranco Ferre;design
As an architect, I learned to think and express myself on flat forms, on paper, and to imagine the contour of the lines of a design.;Gianfranco Ferre;design
We want people to realize you are at a design school, not a land grant college. The way we look says a great deal about who we are.;James Hall;design
I'm an artist. So if acting doesn't work out, which I hope it does, I'm probably going to go into graphic design or something like that.;Gabriel Basso;design
I love the idea of couture and its emphasis on creation. There's where I made my name - in design - and there's where I'd like to stay.;Jimmy Choo;design
Design must seduce, shape, and perhaps more importantly, evoke an emotional response.;April Greiman;design
I never worry about diets. The only carrots that interest me are the number you get in a diamond.;Mae West;diet
Vegetables are a must on a diet. I suggest carrot cake, zucchini bread, and pumpkin pie.;Jim Davis;diet
My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four. Unless there are three other people.;Orson Welles;diet
No disease that can be treated by diet should be treated with any other means.;Maimonides;diet
Adopting a new healthier lifestyle can involve changing diet to include more fresh fruit and vegetables as well as increasing levels of exercise.;Linford Christie;diet
And let's be clear: It's not enough just to limit ads for foods that aren't healthy. It's also going to be critical to increase marketing for foods that are healthy.;Michelle Obama;diet
What some call health, if purchased by perpetual anxiety about diet, isn't much better than tedious disease.;Alexander Pope;diet
The best way to lose weight is to close your mouth - something very difficult for a politician. Or watch your food - just watch it, don't eat it.;Edward Koch;diet
Diets, like clothes, should be tailored to you.;Joan Rivers;diet
I told my doctor I get very tired when I go on a diet, so he gave me pep pills. Know what happened? I ate faster.;Joe E. Lewis;diet
There are six components of wellness: proper weight and diet, proper exercise, breaking the smoking habit, control of alcohol, stress management and periodic exams.;Kenneth H. Cooper;diet
Health food makes me sick.;Calvin Trillin;diet
French fries. I love them. Some people are chocolate and sweets people. I love French fries. That and caviar.;Cameron Diaz;diet
The second day of a diet is always easier than the first. By the second day you're off it.;Jackie Gleason;diet
So, when it comes to eating healthy, it's just doing the right thing. And it's not something you have to do 365 days a year, but I think it's something you have to do 25 days a month. Let's put it that way.;Mike Ditka;diet
Do you know how many calories are in butter and cheese and ice cream? Would you get your dog up in the morning for a cup of coffee and a donut?;Jack LaLanne;diet
If I like myself at this weight, then this is what I'm going to be. I don't have an eating disorder.;Courteney Cox;diet
A systemic cleansing and detox is definitely the way to go after each holiday. It is the key to fighting high blood pressure, heart disease, cancer, and other health-related illnesses.;Lee Haney;diet
I don't eat junk foods and I don't think junk thoughts.;Peace Pilgrim;diet
Cereal eating is almost a marker for a healthy lifestyle. It sets you up for the day, so you don't overeat.;Bruce Barton;diet
In France, cooking is a serious art form and a national sport.;Julia Child;diet
Some people are willing to pay the price and it's the same with staying healthy or eating healthy. There's some discipline involved. There's some sacrifices.;Mike Ditka;diet
You see people who have been very heavy in their life who have taken that body, trimmed it down, firmed it up through discipline, exercise and being able to say no. Eating properly, that all comes into it.;Mike Ditka;diet
I thought, you know the food and the diet thing is one way to start yourself onto a healthy lifestyle, but if you don't move, if you don't start exercising you're gonna deteriorate.;Warren Cuccurullo;diet
I followed the same diet for 20 years, eliminating starches, living on salads, lean meat, and small portions.;Gene Tierney;diet
I don't go long without eating. I never starve myself: I grab a healthy snack.;Vanessa Hudgens;diet
I refuse to spend my life worrying about what I eat. There is no pleasure worth forgoing just for an extra three years in the geriatric ward.;John Mortimer;diet
