To be fair, lying is part and parcel of public life. Every politician has lied about something because they are owned by the special interest groups that finance their elections.;Peter Schuyler;finance
Our strength in finance has led us to set up an international financial centre with medium and long-term objectives, especially to develop Islamic financial and insurance services.;Hassanal Bolkiah;finance
Hats have been my thing pretty much my whole life but finance has not. I would go to the corner store and buy really cheap baseball style caps and wear those to school.;Ne-Yo;finance
I wanted to make Jerusalem as feature film. But we couldn't finance it only through theatrical release, we couldn't get all the money we needed. We had to get some money from television. So we said, ok, let's do it both ways. So we did it in four parts.;Bille August;finance
Spain is finding it very difficult to finance itself with sovereign debt risk premium so high.;Mariano Rajoy;finance
Well, paycheck protection is an important ingredient for a successful campaign finance reform measure.;Andrew Card;finance
I've been writing a lot, I've a few projects I'm trying to finance, I do some acting, I do some directing... Apart from that, if I could get lower that a ten handicap on my golf game I'd be thrilled.;Paul M. Glaser;finance
Nobody wants campaign finance reform more than me. It would save me a fortune.;Andrew Tobias;finance
The confidence is really driven by the woman - whether she can have the confidence that there will be enough earning or income to finance all the domestic spending - but also by the middle-income class, which for many Asian countries has become the growth power for the economy.;Sri Mulyani Indrawati;finance
The war we are fighting today against terrorism is a multifaceted fight. We have to use every tool in our toolkit to wage this war - diplomacy, finance, intelligence, law enforcement, and of course, military power - and we are developing new tools as we go along.;Richard Armitage;finance
Many dotcoms recruited people from existing companies who were quite experienced in finance, marketing, distribution and other disciplines but not necessarily experienced in the Web culture.;John Patrick;finance
The Republican Party is not in the hands of the Jewish lobby in America as the Democratic Party must look quite often to Jewish money to finance candidates.;Pete McCloskey;finance
I understand that finance can be very complex.;Kevin Harrington;finance
The government is also looking at further benefits including enhanced capital allowances the use of Tax Incremental Finance and extra help from UK Trade and Investment on inward investment and trade opportunities.;Andy Sawford;finance
If I finance a bank and I know if the bank will get in trouble, I will be hit and I will lose money, I will put a price on that.;Jeroen Dijsselbloem;finance
Our goal is to make finance the servant, not the master, of the real economy.;Alistair Darling;finance
It starts with campaign finance reform.;Zack Space;finance
Physical fitness is not only one of the most important keys to a healthy body, it is the basis of dynamic and creative intellectual activity.;John F. Kennedy;fitness
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver.;Mahatma Gandhi;fitness
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.;Jim Rohn;fitness
Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading. I will rather say more necessary because health is worth more than learning.;Thomas Jefferson;fitness
Walking is the best possible exercise. Habituate yourself to walk very fast.;Thomas Jefferson;fitness
Our growing softness, our increasing lack of physical fitness, is a menace to our security.;John F. Kennedy;fitness
The first wealth is health.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;fitness
He who has health, has hope and he who has hope, has everything.;Thomas Carlyle;fitness
Exercise to stimulate, not to annihilate. The world wasn't formed in a day, and neither were we. Set small goals and build upon them.;Lee Haney;fitness
Bodybuilding is much like any other sport. To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet and mental approach.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;fitness
Attention to health is life's greatest hindrance.;Plato;fitness
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted.;Denis Waitley;fitness
If we could give every individual the right amount of nourishment and exercise, not too little and not too much, we would have found the safest way to health.;Hippocrates;fitness
A vigorous five-mile walk will do more good for an unhappy but otherwise healthy adult than all the medicine and psychology in the world.;Paul Dudley White;fitness
Jogging is very beneficial. It's good for your legs and your feet. It's also very good for the ground. If makes it feel needed.;Charles M. Schulz;fitness
If a man achieves victory over this body, who in the world can exercise power over him? He who rules himself rules over the whole world.;Vinoba Bhave;fitness
Here's what I tell anybody and this is what I believe. The greatest gift we have is the gift of life. We understand that. That comes from our Creator. We're given a body. Now you may not like it, but you can maximize that body the best it can be maximized.;Mike Ditka;fitness
The first time I see a jogger smiling, I'll consider it.;Joan Rivers;fitness
The human body is the best picture of the human soul.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;fitness
Exercise is labor without weariness.;Samuel Johnson;fitness
Regularity in the hours of rising and retiring, perseverance in exercise, adaptation of dress to the variations of climate, simple and nutritious aliment, and temperance in all things are necessary branches of the regimen of health.;Lord Chesterfield;fitness
Tactics, fitness, stroke ability, adaptability, experience, and sportsmanship are all necessary for winning.;Fred Perry;fitness
I do yoga, I do Bikram and I run, and I eat really healthy.;Lady Gaga;fitness
There's a lot of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it.;Josh Billings;fitness
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year.;Franklin P. Adams;fitness
Fitness needs to be perceived as fun and games or we subconsciously avoid it.;Alan Thicke;fitness
And I believe that the best buy in public health today must be a combination of regular physical exercise and a healthy diet.;Julie Bishop;fitness
Practice puts brains in your muscles.;Sam Snead;fitness
Quit worrying about your health. It will go away.;Robert Orben;fitness
A runner must run with dreams in his heart, not money in his pocket.;Emil Zatopek;fitness
Find fitness with fun dancing. It is fun and makes you forget about the dreaded exercise.;Paula Abdul;fitness
Your body is the church where Nature asks to be reverenced.;Marquis de Sade;fitness
Swimming is normal for me. I'm relaxed. I'm comfortable, and I know my surroundings. It's my home.;Michael Phelps;fitness
If it weren't for the fact that the TV set and the refrigerator are so far apart, some of us wouldn't get any exercise at all.;Joey Adams;fitness
I think exercise tests us in so many ways, our skills, our hearts, our ability to bounce back after setbacks. This is the inner beauty of sports and competition, and it can serve us all well as adult athletes.;Peggy Fleming;fitness
I have been through various fitness regimes. I used to run about five miles a day and I did aerobics for a while.;Sting;fitness
Exercise is done against one's wishes and maintained only because the alternative is worse.;George A. Sheehan;fitness
Muscles come and go flab lasts.;Bill Vaughan;fitness
It's very important to have the right clothing to exercise in. If you throw on an old T-shirt or sweats, it's not inspiring for your workout.;Cheryl Tiegs;fitness
I think it's more important to be fit so that you can be healthy and enjoy activities than it is to have a good body.;Rachel Blanchard;fitness
Exercise should be regarded as tribute to the heart.;Gene Tunney;fitness
Never hurry. Take plenty of exercise. Always be cheerful. Take all the sleep you need. You may expect to be well.;James Freeman Clarke;fitness
Looking after my health today gives me a better hope for tomorrow.;Anne Wilson Schaef;fitness
I would rather exercise than read a newspaper.;Kim Alexis;fitness
The reason I exercise is for the quality of life I enjoy.;Kenneth H. Cooper;fitness
A muscle is like a car. If you want it to run well early in the morning, you have to warm it up.;Florence Griffith Joyner;fitness
Exercise is the chief source of improvement in our faculties.;Hugh Blair;fitness
Personally, I need a high level of physical fitness in order to feel at ease.;Jurgen Klinsmann;fitness
Don't get me wrong, I think bikes are terrific. I own several of my own, including a trendy mountain style, and ride them for pleasure and light exercise.;Brock Yates;fitness
Once you are over 30, 35 years old, I think everyone should get down to the gym and start moving again.;Warren Cuccurullo;fitness
Investing in health will produce enormous benefits.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;fitness
My bottom is so big it's got its own gravitational field.;Carol Vorderman;fitness
Happiness lies first of all in health.;George William Curtis;fitness
A year ago I had a back injury and followed a good nutrition program to help speed up my recovery. I focused on exercise and staying healthy in order to get back out on the ice.;Sasha Cohen;fitness
I don't smoke, don't drink much, and go to the gym five times a week. I live a healthy lifestyle and feel great. I can run a marathon, you know.;Sarah Michelle Gellar;fitness
You gotta have a body.;Jayne Mansfield;fitness
I think if you exercise, your state of mind - my state of mind - is usually more at ease, ready for more mental challenges. Once I get the physical stuff out of the way it always seems like I have more calmness and better self-esteem.;Stone Gossard;fitness
You must also give mental and physical fitness priority.;Jim Otto;fitness
It's challenging, but you have to at least try to eat right and exercise.;Joely Fisher;fitness
So I've broadened the fitness concept to make it one of moderation and balance.;Kenneth H. Cooper;fitness
In the midst of these hard times it is our good health and good sleep that are enjoyable.;Knute Nelson;fitness
Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise, of health.;James Thomson;fitness
I'm French, so I'm quite lazy about exercising, and I smoke. But I do love going for a run in the morning with my dog. That's all.;Eva Green;fitness
When I do get time, I like to hike and I take lots of vitamins and powders to keep healthy.;Catherine Bell;fitness
It's been a long road back to health and fitness for me. I am just glad to have been given the opportunity to do what I love most.;Jonah Lomu;fitness
True enjoyment comes from activity of the mind and exercise of the body the two are ever united.;Wilhelm von Humboldt;fitness
Once in a while I'll get moved to do some exercise. It's something I long for but the biggest problem is bending down and putting my tennis shoes on. Once I go out I'm OK.;David Soul;fitness
I didn't have the same fitness or ability as the other girls, so I had to beat them with my mind.;Martina Hingis;fitness
One of the things I've always enjoyed is moving around and staying fit. Physicality is such a big part of being an actor, but it's also about stillness and silence.;Joel Edgerton;fitness
Clearly, society has a tremendous stake in insisting on a woman's natural fitness for the career of mother: the alternatives are all too expensive.;Ann Oakley;fitness
To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise.;Gene Tunney;fitness
It's not about weight, it's about fitness, and one component of being fit is to have relatively low body fat, because fat is not very efficient, whereas muscle is.;Deborah Bull;fitness
The only weights I lift are my dogs.;Olivia Newton-John;fitness
Training is such a vital part of preparation for a game, you really do train to play. It tops up your ability, like sharpening a carving knife. You can get away with not doing it for a while, as long as you have reached a certain standard of fitness.;Graeme Le Saux;fitness
I love to swim for miles I could just go back and forth.;Jill Clayburgh;fitness
The groundwork of all happiness is health.;Leigh Hunt;fitness
I like exercise. I like a healthy body.;Erin Gray;fitness
You need to eat normally and healthfully, and you need to exercise. I'm so passionate about this because I think people spend their lives not happy in their bodies.;Courtney Thorne Smith;fitness
I'm still very professional about my fitness. I stay in trim as I always did.;Peter Shilton;fitness
In terms of fitness and battling through cancer, exercise helps you stay strong physically and mentally.;Grete Waitz;fitness
And you know, the baby boomers are getting older, and those off the rack clothes are just not fitting right any longer, and so, tailor-made suits are coming back into fashion.;Amy Irving;fitness
Like most people I can be lazy, so it's nice to have a goal or deadline or reason to work out. I feel better when I get to exercise, or when I'm outdoors. I like to hike, swim and run, and I love to play soccer.;Viggo Mortensen;fitness
