I have no idea why I write. The old standards are: I like to express my feelings, stretch my imagination, earn money.;S. E. Hinton;imagination
The worlds I paint leave a lot to engage the imagination by hinting at what lies beyond the four edges of the painting. I think getting beyond the four edges of an opportunity or challenge is one of the basic skills you need in business.;Thomas Kinkade;imagination
When you're young you have no worries, no drama, only your imagination. It's the best!;Devon Werkheiser;imagination
By going over your day in imagination before you begin it, you can begin acting successfully at any moment.;Dorthea Brande;imagination
But in my imagination this whole thing developed and I started mixing up old folk songs with the Beatles beat and taking them down to Greenwich Village and playing them for the people there.;Roger McGuinn;imagination
If you don't pay attention and if your imagination isn't pretty much engaged, you're going to miss things and you're going to miss opportunities for it to be as compelling and as creepy as it can be.;Bruce Greenwood;imagination
Yes, I was correctly quoted in saying I introduced sex into films in the 20's, but it was sex in good taste and left a great deal to one's imagination.;Pola Negri;imagination
In those days, it didn't take much imagination to come up with something that required great lyric development skills. You just thought of an experience that you might have gone through, and write it down.;Phil Harris;imagination
I grew up in the '80s where there's a lot of these kind of post-apocalyptic, post-comet, post-whatever it was, so that always captured my imagination a lot as a little kid, that idea of getting access to secret places and being able to roam around where you're not supposed to.;Gillian Flynn;imagination
Melville brought to the task a sound knowledge of actual whaling, much curious learning in the literature of the subject, and, above all, an imagination which worked with great power upon the facts of his own experience.;Carl Clinton Van Doren;imagination
The human imagination has already come to conceive the possibility of recreating human society.;Edmund Wilson;imagination
The product of the scientific imagination is a new vision of relations - like that of artistic imagination.;Edmund Wilson;imagination
My best investment is my imagination, because it has never failed to bring me my greatest returns!;Randy Castillo;imagination
Imagination is but another name for super intelligence.;Edgar Rice Burroghs;imagination
I never had the financial means that the media said I had. I laugh when I hear the amounts, $400 million, $800 million. Where do they get this imagination?;Jean Claude Duvalier;imagination
Imagination! Imagination! I put it first years ago, when I was asked what qualities I thought necessary for success on the stage.;Ellen Terry;imagination
The imagination equips us to perceive reality when it is not fully materialized.;Mary Richards;imagination
In imagination, there's no limitation.;Mark Victor Hansen;imagination
I didn't have the equipment for the regular world of being a lawyer. I didn't have the imagination for that. I did have a funny kind of ambition, but I didn't know where to put it.;Michael Lindsay-Hogg;imagination
There's no great mystery to acting. It's a very simple thing to do but you have to work hard at it. It's about asking questions and using your imagination.;Eddie Marsan;imagination
Heaven knows, I've exposed myself in my novels through the use of fantasy and imagination... now my new book is about what really happened to me... not my heroines.;Judith Krantz;imagination
The travel writer seeks the world we have lost - the lost valleys of the imagination.;Alexander Cockburn;imagination
I don't actually like explaining the meanings of my songs, because I think people can take away more from it if they use their imagination.;Reeve Carney;imagination
I think if you're a competent actor with a good imagination, and if it's on the page, it makes your job a lot easier.;Miguel Ferrer;imagination
For me, my travels have been the chance to go to a place that already exists in my imagination.;Hugo Pratt;imagination
His imagination conceived and bore - worlds but nothing in these worlds became alive until he discovered its true and living name. The name was the breath of life and, sooner or later, he invariably found it.;Algernon H. Blackwood;imagination
I'm kind of surprised that so many of those other books were almost exactly like mine. They even follow the form. There were some books that even copied the stamp. It shows so little imagination.;Don Novello;imagination
I love the paranormal, because there, every genre I write can become one beacon for my imagination.;Leslie Banks;imagination
Imagination is a beast that has to be put in a cage.;Timothy Spall;imagination
Free imagination is the inestimable prerogative of youth and it must be cherished and guarded as a treasure.;Felix Bloch;imagination
You are indebted to you imagination for three-fourths of your importance.;David Garrick;imagination
Nowadays people's visual imagination is so much more sophisticated, so much more developed, particularly in young people, that now you can make an image which just slightly suggests something, they can make of it what they will.;Robert Doisneau;imagination
Many who have had an opportunity of knowing any more about mathematics confuse it with arithmetic, and consider it an arid science. In reality, however, it is a science which requires a great amount of imagination.;Sofia Kovalevskaya;imagination
The world is not run by thought, nor by imagination, but by opinion.;Elizabeth Drew;imagination
The initial motivation of the experiment which led to this discovery was a subconscious feeling for the inexhaustible wealth of nature, a wealth that goes far beyond the imagination of man.;Bruno Rossi;imagination
Grant that the true organ with which the beautiful is apprehended is the imagination, and it follows that all arts are likely to affect the feelings indirectly.;Eduard Hanslick;imagination
I've been acting my whole life. I have this huge imagination! I'm a dancer and my mom's a dance teacher, and I was always performing and entertaining people. I'd go to see live theatre or a movie, and I'd become the main character for a few days afterwards. I loved being somebody new for a temporary amount of time.;Natasha Calis;imagination
Everybody in their own imagination decides what scary is.;Yvonne Craig;imagination
The delicate thing about the university is that it has a mixed character, that it is suspended between its position in the eternal world, with all its corruption and evils and cruelties, and the splendid world of our imagination.;Richard Hofstadter;imagination
Sometimes, surely, truth is closer to imagination or to intelligence, to love than to fact? To be accurate is not to be right.;Shirley Hazzard;imagination
A financier is a pawnbroker with imagination.;Arthur Wing Pinero;imagination
One lifetime is never enough to accomplish one's horticultural goals. If a garden is a site for the imagination, how can we be very far from the beginning?;Francis Cabot Lowell;imagination
Anyone who lives within his means suffers from a lack of imagination.;Lionel Stander;imagination
With the brush we merely tint, while the imagination alone produces colour.;Theodore Gericault;imagination
Personality is more important than beauty, but imagination is more important than both of them.;Laurette Taylor;imagination
Imagination is not something apart and hermetic, not a way of leaving reality behind it is a way of engaging reality.;Irving Howe;imagination
Television contracts the imagination and radio expands it.;Terry Wogan;imagination
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.;Helen Keller;inspirational
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.;Aristotle Onassis;inspirational
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.;Robert Louis Stevenson;inspirational
Try to be like the turtle - at ease in your own shell.;Bill Copeland;inspirational
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.;Joseph Campbell;inspirational
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.;Audrey Hepburn;inspirational
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.;Martin Luther;inspirational
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future it is something you design for the present.;Jim Rohn;inspirational
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.;Buddha;inspirational
Hope is a waking dream.;Aristotle;inspirational
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!;Audrey Hepburn;inspirational
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.;Buddha;inspirational
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.';Muhammad Ali;inspirational
I have looked into your eyes with my eyes. I have put my heart near your heart.;Pope John XXIII;inspirational
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go they merely determine where you start.;Nido Qubein;inspirational
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.;Jim Elliot;inspirational
Change your thoughts and you change your world.;Norman Vincent Peale;inspirational
Believe you can and you're halfway there.;Theodore Roosevelt;inspirational
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.;Michael Jordan;inspirational
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.;Rabindranath Tagore;inspirational
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.;Plutarch;inspirational
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.;Democritus;inspirational
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.;Ronald Reagan;inspirational
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money.;Thomas Jefferson;inspirational
Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non-being is the greatest joy.;Lao Tzu;inspirational
Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul.;Thomas Merton;inspirational
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.;Jimmy Dean;inspirational
The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises.;Leo Buscaglia;inspirational
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.;Swami Sivananda;inspirational
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.;Andre Gide;inspirational
I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best.;Benjamin Disraeli;inspirational
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.;Mahatma Gandhi;inspirational
I believe that one defines oneself by reinvention. To not be like your parents. To not be like your friends. To be yourself. To cut yourself out of stone.;Henry Rollins;inspirational
Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.;Warren Buffett;inspirational
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.;Anne Frank;inspirational
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.;Napoleon Hill;inspirational
You change your life by changing your heart.;Max Lucado;inspirational
It is always the simple that produces the marvelous.;Amelia Barr;inspirational
God sleeps in the minerals, awakens in plants, walks in animals, and thinks in man.;Arthur Young;inspirational
Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back.;Babe Ruth;inspirational
The best way out is always through.;Robert Frost;inspirational
Once I knew only darkness and stillness... my life was without past or future... but a little word from the fingers of another fell into my hand that clutched at emptiness, and my heart leaped to the rapture of living.;Helen Keller;inspirational
Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love?;Fulton J. Sheen;inspirational
Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel.;Augustus Hare;inspirational
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.;Richard Bach;inspirational
A place for everything, everything in its place.;Benjamin Franklin;inspirational
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.;Edith Wharton;inspirational
Every charitable act is a stepping stone toward heaven.;Henry Ward Beecher;inspirational
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them.;Vincent McNabb;inspirational
A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere.;Joyce Meyer;inspirational
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love.;Khalil Gibran;inspirational
With self-discipline most anything is possible.;Theodore Roosevelt;inspirational
