I have a great family, I live an amazing life.;John Oates;amazing
It really lasted the whole game, because I was really untouchable, unstoppable that game. But it was heightened on one particular play, and that was the longest run where everything completely slowed down. My awareness was so keen, it was so heightened, it was really amazing.;Marcus Allen;amazing
Recently, I went to a disco with friends, and all the young people were saying, 'Dudamel, we want to go to your concert, but it's impossible because it's sold out.' It's really amazing.;Gustavo Dudamel;amazing
Going to a concert can sometimes be very difficult. It can be a long journey. There's the ticket prices. But when the music goes to the community - not the community coming to the concert - they say, 'Wow! I didn't know that this music was so amazing!';Gustavo Dudamel;amazing
Whenever I listen to a children's orchestra, I learn. They feel everything, they enjoy everything, they have amazing energy.;Gustavo Dudamel;amazing
So for my studio purposes, I know that I'm in my studio with technicians who've done amazing things to my board and to my power amps and I know what I can deliver out of my studio.;Billy Sherwood;amazing
It's been amazing how this crazy career has been created. I feel that it's been given to me. I wouldn't be anywhere without Victoria's Secret.;Candice Swanepoel;amazing
But it's amazing how many people think that gay men should slink off into the shadows when it comes to having friendships with children.;Armistead Maupin;amazing
'Aladdin' was probably my favorite Disney animation when I was a kid. The animation was great and Robin Williams was unbelievable as the Genie. 'Aladdin' was an amazing adventure and the lead character was a hero for guys, which I loved. It wasn't a princess or a girl beating the odds it was a street rat. That seemed really cool to me.;Zachary Levi;amazing
I believe in incentivizing people. If you can incentivize people in anything, whether it's in politics in life in spirituality in business just take care of folks. Incentivize them and all of a sudden it's amazing the difference that you'll see.;Zachary Levi;amazing
I'll watch a Pixar movie over and over and over again. I'll be with friends of mine who have kids, that want to watch 'Finding Nemo,' and I'm like, 'Yeah, okay, let's watch 'Nemo' again, for the seven billionth time!,' because they're amazing movies.;Zachary Levi;amazing
In my fifty years of experience and memory, I have seen the most amazing increase in the standard of living of a people ever achieved anywhere in the world. This is why I am so sure that our system of free competition and industrial development is sound and must be preserved.;Charles E. Wilson;amazing
I'm very concerned for the future of the earth and its amazing creatures. We've got to be careful and make sure we don't foul our own nest.;John Lithgow;amazing
One of the most amazing things I got from the film, so much green screen, there are so many moments and it really taught me about how important it is to have an intention when flying, when going somewhere and having an intention.;Brandon Routh;amazing
It was a great mantel to be able to take on really, an amazing legacy. And you know to finally see it, because I just saw the final product yesterday as well, is really amazing to be part of something like this.;Brandon Routh;amazing
Christopher Reeve did such an amazing job that to give him some kind of accent or more bravado would have been wrong. Audiences wouldn't have responded to that either.;Brandon Routh;amazing
But as far as, for I think it will be amazing you know where I find myself years from now because of this film. It's just amazing, I think everybody's going to kind of know this film and because of it, me. So I you know it's crazy.;Brandon Routh;amazing
I have my favourite fashion decade, yes, yes, yes: '60s. It was a sort of little revolution the clothes were amazing but not too exaggerated.;Valentino Garavani;amazing
For years, I never knowingly went on a holiday. When I travelled, it was for work. Now I am a huge advocate, particularly to places which have amazing wildlife, such as Antarctica, India and Patagonia.;Miranda Richardson;amazing
Dick Van Dyke was my first idol. He's an amazing physical comedian, like a classic clown, but also very smart and not afraid to show vulnerability.;Douglas Wood;amazing
I'd love to work with Sufjan Stevens. He so gets it. He's amazing.;Lee DeWyze;amazing
It's really sad looking at people like Lindsay Lohan. She's an amazing actress, but you see what happens when people know too much about your personal life. They start not being able to look at you the same way professionally. I don't want that to happen to me.;Dianna Agron;amazing
I just wanna give a big shout out to all the fans out there who have followed my work up until now. You guys are amazing!! Hearing from fans is the best feeling in the world.;Lindsey Shaw;amazing
Fame and stuff like that is all very cool, but at the end of the day, we're all human beings. Although what I do is incredibly surreal and fun and amazing and I'm really grateful for it, I don't believe my own press release, do you know what I mean?;Tom Hardy;amazing
Our fears are an amazing gift of the imagination... a way of glimpsing what might be the future when there's still time to influence how that future will play out.;Karen Thompson Walker;amazing
I left my job in the fall, and now I can set my life up around writing instead of squeezing writing into my day it's amazing to have that time, and I feel very lucky.;Karen Thompson Walker;amazing
I feel like writing a book there's always a version in your head that's an amazing version, but then you write the version that you can write.;Karen Thompson Walker;amazing
As an editor, I read Charlotte Rogan's amazing debut novel, 'The Lifeboat,' when it was still in manuscript. I read it in one night, and I really wanted my company to publish it, but we lost it to another house. It's such a wonderful combination of beautiful writing and suspenseful storytelling.;Karen Thompson Walker;amazing
I am also hugely excited to then be competing to defend my three Paralympic titles at the Paralympic Games. I believe we will see some amazing times posted and I am very much looking forward to what will be an incredible Olympics and Paralympics in London.;Oscar Pistorius;amazing
But I'm trying not to be cynical - I don't want to be one of those people who has a cool opportunity and blows it. It's really amazing what's happening to me.;Shannyn Sossamon;amazing
My favorite laser disk ever was the laser disk for The Graduate, which had a commentary track that wasn't even the filmmakers, it was a professor, some film criticism guy who just happen to be this amazing commentator who went off into the whole theory of comedy.;Jay Roach;amazing
I think that marriage is an amazing institution and should be preserved, and you can have great marriages, and you must because sharing your life with someone is like the greatest thing. And I loved being able to set a good example for that on television.;Jenna Elfman;amazing
We used to go to Studio 54 - an amazing place.;Jerry Hall;amazing
Yeah, I've worked with a couple of female directors, now, and I think that they're amazing. As good or better than guy directors.;Alia Shawkat;amazing
We shouldn't feel restricted by our sexuality, and our sexuality doesn't have to be a cultural choice. That's an amazing variety of music within those five main performers.;Neil Tennant;amazing
Hollywood is the place to be for actors - and there's just a big rush when an Australian comes over just because there's less of them. I guess that's just how it is. Like if you pick a pink jellybean out of a jar of green ones it'd be amazing, but if you pick a green one, no one will care.;Callan McAuliffe;amazing
What's great about TV, and what I love about being on 'Parenthood,' is you have this family. I'm now going on four years of working with the same 100 people, and that helps you feel like your life has more roots. It's more conducive to having a family, and you're staying in town. So that part is amazing.;Dax Shepard;amazing
When you're true to who you are, amazing things happen.;Deborah Norville;amazing
Children are amazing, and while I go to places like Princeton and Harvard and Yale, and of course I teach at Columbia, NYU, and that's nice and I love students, but the most fun of all are the real little ones, the young ones.;David Dinkins;amazing
I've been given an amazing opportunity and I could not be more grateful. But I also know that all this will eventually die off. It's not real. It will go away and then you'll go away and then, I don't know, I'll be left sitting in some English hotel room.;Josh Brolin;amazing
The perfect life would be to have an amazing part every year and to spend all my free time to just write.;Melanie Laurent;amazing
Everybody just asks me 'Are you going to make Hollywood movies now?' First, I don't know. Second, I never dreamed about that I just dreamed about making movies with Tarantino. So if I can make movies with a lot of amazing directors - yes.;Melanie Laurent;amazing
Because I've made a film with such an amazing director as Tarantino, I'm much more conscious of working with good directors from now on, so that's what's important to me. I don't really care about making a big movie - I just want to make good ones.;Melanie Laurent;amazing
Don't count out other amazing programming like Frontline. You will still find more hours of in-depth news programming, investigative journalism and analysis on PBS than on any other outlet.;Gwen Ifill;amazing
It's amazing what some people read into songs.;Richard Thompson;amazing
I walked to Seward School first through fourth grade. It's just amazing to me now that we'd walk down 10th Avenue on Capitol Hill.;Stone Gossard;amazing
I really think it is amazing that people actually buy software.;Bill Budge;amazing
I love the fact we're still on the road. I was born to be a factory worker really, so for me the chance to get on stage at Wembley 30 years after we started is amazing.;Joe Elliott;amazing
I love watching amazing actors and actresses that you can't take your eyes off of because everything they are doing - even if it is just twiddling their thumbs or scratching their eye - it's just interesting.;Sara Paxton;amazing
I think Nina Simone has had an amazing journey. She was spicy and she had attitude and she didn't care, she wanted her money in a paper bag and don't mess with me and I've been doing some research on that so.;Nia Long;amazing
We have an amazing fan base all around the world that love 40FT.;Steve Brown;amazing
I'm the poster boy for Propecia. It's amazing.;Joe Lando;amazing
The son has always felt like he was a footnote in one of the stories the father tells. The father is an amazing storyteller and one of the tales that he tells is how he met his wife.;Danny DeVito;amazing
I think Serena Williams is the best tennis player of this generation, if not the best ever. It is amazing for her to be playing as well as she is at the age of 31.;Samantha Stosur;amazing
Receiving the Newcombe Medal for a third year in a row is an amazing honour. The Newcombe Medal is a great occasion for the Australian tennis community to come together and celebrate our sport, recognise people's achievements and contributions to Australian tennis.;Samantha Stosur;amazing
I had an amazing childhood.;Abbie Cornish;amazing
But it was great, we sit in the same dressing room where, like, Johnny Cash sat and Willie Nelson and all those guys. That was in itself something amazing - I was on the same space these guys stood on, ya know?;Alan Vega;amazing
United Artists wanted to do records with me. I had no idea, what a rare thing that was... to make an album. And they put a guy with me working on songs, and I got busy with films. I just kind of let it slide. Isn't that amazing?;John Astin;amazing
Paul Farmer has helped to build amazing health care system in one of the poorest areas of Haiti. He founded Partners in Health, which serves the destitute and the sick in many parts of the world from Haiti to Boston and from Russia to Peru.;Tracy Kidder;amazing
There is such amazing talent at Disney. My job is 100% creative, and I am very excited to creatively lead them.;John Lasseter;amazing
Croatia is an amazing place.;Jean Reno;amazing
Everybody knows about Pearl Harbor. The thing that really fascinated me is that through this tragedy there was this amazing American heroism.;Michael Bay;amazing
Working on such a big film was amazing. I learned a lot. There weren't too many stunts, just some doubling.;Christopher Parker;amazing
Moby Dick - that book is so amazing. I just realized that it starts with two characters meeting in bed that's how my book begins, too, but I hadn't noticed the parallel before, two characters forced to share a bed, reluctantly.;Michael Chabon;amazing
Christina Ricci is amazing, the most professional actor I think I've ever met. You can be chatting with her and when they call action, she's right there.;Lisa Kudrow;amazing
My sister Jennifer is an Emmy winning journalist and mother of three amazing girls. She brings an exceptional dedication to her job, her family, and her community, and has been a role model of mine for many, many years. I'm extremely proud of her.;Ron Livingston;amazing
Being a parent is amazing.;Angela Kinsey;amazing
My mom, the fabulous Bertie Kinsey, is an amazing seamstress. She quilts and sews and is so crafty. We call her the Southern Martha Stewart!;Angela Kinsey;amazing
I tend not to wear accessories. I'm not one of those gals with a drawerful of amazing jewelry. I don't even have my ears pierced! But I have one bracelet that never comes off my wrist.;Rachael Taylor;amazing
Los Angeles is a very magical place when you take the entertainment industry out of it. You have beautiful beaches and amazing mountains here. I'm a big rock climber. I head out into the mountains whenever I have free time. It's amazing.;Alex Pettyfer;amazing
My heart is so light that it's amazing. I get to play all this grief, all this loss, all this disaster and chaos. It's hysterically funny. I am very light.;Linda Hamilton;amazing
Some people are born with a brain that has this weird, magical mathematical thing that makes them an amazing jazz musician.;Andy Richter;amazing
I remember the first time I felt that I was sharing the stage with someone spectacular was dancing with Beyonce. It was the dancers, the band, Beyonce and me in front of thousands of people. That was sick. It was pretty amazing that I got to travel the world with someone like her.;Harry Shum, Jr.;amazing
If Martin Scorsese calls, I am available. And then there the ones, well, you can just run down the list - any of those Oscar-nominated films, they have amazing directors across the board.;Timothy Olyphant;amazing
L.A. Woman is amazing, but when I was growing up I was into the Who.;Bruce McCulloch;amazing
It was an amazing mistake to lose 10p on every copy because your sleeve is so expensive.;Peter Hook;amazing
Raising a small child as a woman while travelling 10 months out of the year would, I believe, be something I would not be able or even want to do, although with the amazing example of Leila, I am no longer so sure.;Lara St. John;amazing
I had very strong feelings, so the chance to make a film that deals in an imaginative way with stuff you care tremendously about is a real high. It's a really amazing thing to be able to do.;Jonathan Demme;amazing
I wanted to raise the voice of a lot of the people that I knew growing up, and this was, for the most part, poor people who had extraordinary dreams but also very amazing obstacles.;Edwidge Danticat;amazing
It is amazing that something I did 23 years ago still has an audience that people respond to and I am touched and surprised that people are still very positive about.;Gil Gerard;amazing
It's amazing that you can listen to any song and you can always tell when there's some substance beneath it and when there isn't. Even if it's poetically written and technically brilliant, I'd rather hear something that's all over the place but has some soul to it.;Teddy Thompson;amazing
Alan Cumming is such an amazing performer and person.;Carrie Preston;amazing
My method of helping someone is saying, 'Wow, you look amazing. Let me help you look even better.' I think tearing someone down is an awful thing to do. It has a lasting impression on people.;Carson Kressley;amazing
I think one of the coolest things about the job is the level of trust we have for each other. The actors fully trust that the writers will write amazing episodes, and the writers trust that the actors will follow their instincts with the characters.;John Krasinski;amazing
Trophies and medals have never meant much to me. I've had amazing experiences, which let you feel like you've accomplished something.;John Krasinski;amazing
Most of the people I know who work out seriously do so because they have such an amazing outlook on life. To be who I want to be, I'm going to work out to be more positive, more active. It's proactive.;John Krasinski;amazing
I think as a Canadian hockey player, you go through it in your mind so many times, being able to stand on that blue line and hear your national anthem play and being a gold medal champion, you dream of that. And then to be able to accomplish that and actually win a gold medal and represent your country its an amazing feeling.;Sidney Crosby;amazing
They are amazing kids so we let them make decisions but also have discipline.;Kelly Preston;amazing
When I receive letters from girls that say, 'You give me confidence,' I think, 'Wow, this is amazing.' That's my goal: to let people know it's truly what's on the inside that counts.;Amber Riley;amazing
We have an amazing advantage right now in that we have developed technology that is so sexy, so engaging for kids.;LeVar Burton;amazing
Well, I want to do The Music Man. I think it's an amazing opportunity, but I think that they are probably looking at major movie stars right now, and I don't blame them.;Gregory Harrison;amazing
It's actually amazing because you go so far into another side of your brain when you're studying something completely different, and I loved it.;Dido Armstrong;amazing
Essex is an amazing county, with its own set of rules. It's a completely different world.;Denise Van Outen;amazing
I try as much as possible to give you a great basic product and what comes out, I feel, is really amazing.;Jil Sander;amazing
It was really cool going to Sea World. We had an amazing time. They were amazing to us. We got to swim with the dolphins, and it was really special.;Sarah Chalke;amazing
I was the first spokesperson for the Better Hearing Institute in Washington. And that's the message we tried to send out - there is hearing help out there, and the technology and options are amazing.;Norm Crosby;amazing
Had 'Bridesmaids' not ended up being so amazing and successful, we would never have been able to make 'Bachelorette.' So we are in awe of 'Bridesmaids' and totally owe them so much.;Lizzy Caplan;amazing
I was given such a great gift. It's a miracle that never stops amazing me and reminding me to give thanks, every day. Having a wife and daughter gives me a lot more purpose. I was much more selfish before, but now I think about what kind of role model I'll be. I just want to be a better man.;Jake Owen;amazing
The lips on my upper right bicep are my girlfriend's lips. She has the most amazing lips, and I wanted to carry them around with me everywhere I go, considering I can't carry her lips physically with me. So I decided to place them in a discreet location, such as the inside part of my bicep.;Jake Owen;amazing
