In the investigation of a neurotic style of life, we must always suspect an opponent, and note who suffers most because of the patient's condition. Usually this is a member of the family.;Alfred Adler;family
Getting married and starting a family has been a lifelong goal and one that I have persevered through different paths up to it!;Alanis Morissette;family
I cannot remember a moment in my life when I have not felt the love of my family. We were a family that would have killed for each other - and we still are.;Richard Branson;family
A man filled with the love of God is not content with blessing his family alone, but ranges through the whole world, anxious to bless the whole human race.;Joseph Smith, Jr.;family
And I keep saying, whether you like the president or not, everybody has to pull together and help the president because, as the president goes, so goes the country, as the country goes, so goes your job, your ability to feed your family, your government.;Michael Bloomberg;family
Rather like Batman, I embody the themes of the movie which are the values of family, courage and compassion and a sense of right and wrong, good and bad and justice.;Gary Oldman;family
Life goes by really fast, and it seems that there are times when you're burying a lot of friends and family. And then there are times that feel really precious and everybody is doing okay. This is one of those times.;Amy Grant;family
The first pages of memory are like the old family Bible. The first leaves are wholly faded and somewhat soiled with handling. But, when we turn further, and come to the chapters where Adam and Eve were banished from Paradise, then, all begins to grow clear and legible.;Max Muller;family
I would prefer to have no money but to have a nice family and good friends around.;Li Na;family
I've never had a divorce, but I've seen so many of my friends, my sister, my family go through that stuff, so I try to write for the people that can't write about it. I take on their sorrow, so I'm able to kind of express it, or their joy.;Dolly Parton;family
A real hangover is nothing to try out family remedies on. The only cure for a real hangover is death.;Robert Benchley;family
I'm surrounded by great friends and family. I don't know what I would do without them.;Emma Roberts;family
Love and fear. Everything the father of a family says must inspire one or the other.;Joseph Joubert;family
In God's family, there are no outsiders, no enemies.;Desmond Tutu;family
Family life is too intimate to be preserved by the spirit of justice. It can be sustained by a spirit of love which goes beyond justice.;Reinhold Niebuhr;family
Holidays are the best. I couldn't imagine being from a small family.;Kim Kardashian;family
Everything family does is reflection on the other people.;Kim Kardashian;family
My mother has always been the social glue holding the family together.;Kim Kardashian;family
I always put clothes and family photos under the mattress, in case the house burns down.;Kim Kardashian;family
I know some people say it's not the best to work with your family, but I have never understood that because it's always worked so well for me.;Kim Kardashian;family
Since I'm always working, my best holiday memories are definitely when I can just go home and spend time with my family.;Chris Brown;family
I talked about my family, my family's so important.;Jim Valvano;family
People think I have courage. The courage in my family are my wife Pam, my three daughters, here, Nicole, Jamie, LeeAnn, my mom, who's right here too.;Jim Valvano;family
When we're dealing with the people in our family - no matter how annoying or gross they may be, no matter how self-inflicted their suffering may appear, no matter how afflicted they are with ignorance, prejudice or nose hairs - we give from the deepest parts of ourselves.;Anne Lamott;family
The breakdown of the black community, in order to maintain slavery, began with the breakdown of the black family. Men and women were not legally allowed to get married because you couldn't have that kind of love. It might get in the way of the economics of slavery. Your children could be taken from you and literally sold down the river.;Kerry Washington;family
We will see a breakdown of the family and family values if we decide to approve same-sex marriage, and if we decide to establish homosexuality as an acceptable alternative lifestyle with all the benefits that go with equating it with the heterosexual lifestyle.;Jerry Falwell;family
You go through life wondering what is it all about but at the end of the day it's all about family.;Rod Stewart;family
The police cannot protect the citizen at this stage of our development, and they cannot even protect themselves in many cases. It is up to the private citizen to protect himself and his family, and this is not only acceptable, but mandatory.;Jeff Cooper;family
It is the logic of consumerism that undermines the values of loyalty and permanence and promotes a different set of values that is destructive of family life.;Christopher Lasch;family
Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the church, and the private school, supported entirely by private contributions. Keep the church and state forever separate.;Ulysses S. Grant;family
I've made all my money on my own without my family and I work very hard.;Paris Hilton;family
I guess you could say I devoted myself so strongly to my music that for awhile I forgot about my family. But I only get one set of parents, and I think I forgot about that for a little while.;Lady Gaga;family
When families are strong and stable, so are children - showing higher levels of wellbeing and more positive outcomes. But when things go wrong - either through family breakdown or a damaged parental relationship - the impact on a child's later life can be devastating.;Iain Duncan Smith;family
In the past 40 years, the United States lost more than a million farmers and ranchers. Many of our farmers are aging. Today, only nine percent of family farm income comes from farming, and more and more of our farmers are looking elsewhere for their primary source of income.;Tom Vilsack;family
See, that's why Barack's running: to end the war in Iraq responsibly - to build an economy that lifts every family, to make sure health care is available for every American - and to make sure that every child in this nation has a world-class education all the way from preschool to college.;Michelle Obama;family
It all starts with the script: it's not worth taking myself away from my family if I don't have something I'm really passionate about.;Steven Spielberg;family
Historically, the family has played the primary role in educating children for life, with the school providing supplemental scaffolding to the family.;Stephen Covey;family
I did commit to myself that I would not jump back into being the workaholic that I can be before I gave myself an honest opportunity to create the marriage of my dreams and to create the beginning of the family of my dreams, and that took a hot second.;Alanis Morissette;family
You know, my family and friends have never been yes-men: 'Yes, you're doing the right thing, you're always right.' No, they tell me when I'm wrong, and that's why I've been able to stay who I am and stay humble.;LeBron James;family
Children in a family are like flowers in a bouquet: there's always one determined to face in an opposite direction from the way the arranger desires.;Marcelene Cox;family
The CIA is made up of boys whose families sent them to Princeton but wouldn't let them into the family brokerage business.;Lyndon B. Johnson;family
There's a schizoid streak within the family anyway so I dare say that I'm affected by that. The majority of the people in my family have been in some kind of mental institution, as for my brother he doesn't want to leave. He likes it very much.;David Bowie;family
Let your family, staff, and friends know that you're still the same person, despite all the publicity and notoriety that accompanies your position.;Donald Rumsfeld;family
I come from a family of very devout, praying people. That idea of peace and love toward humanity shouldn't be nationalistic or denominational. It should be a chief concern for all mankind.;Mos Def;family
What people don't understand is joining a gang ain't bad, it's cool, it's fine. When you in the hood, joining a gang it's cool because all your friends are in the gang, all your family's in the gang. We're not just killing people every night, we're just hanging out, having a good time.;Snoop Dogg;family
I am not generous about telling people who I am and what I like to do because it's my life and it only belongs to me and my friends and family.;Elena Anaya;family
Love and business and family and religion and art and patriotism are nothing but shadows of words when a man's starving!;O. Henry;family
I was born in ancient times, at the end of the world, in a patriarchal Catholic and conservative family. No wonder that by age five I was a raging feminist - although the term had not reached Chile yet, so nobody knew what the heck was wrong with me.;Isabel Allende;family
I am healthy, my family is healthy. That is the important thing. After that we go racing.;Mark Webber;family
I realised how paranoid and guarded and not trusting - walled-in - I had become. Not consciously so, but just this armour that I kind of have, protective armour. It's not for my friends or family, but for being.outside in the world, always on guard.;Jennifer Aniston;family
I'm a girl from a good family who was very well brought up. One day I turned my back on it all and became a bohemian.;Brigitte Bardot;family
Everybody has basically the same family, it's just reconfigured slightly differently from one to the next.;Doug Coupland;family
Together, we can help make sure that every family that walks into a restaurant can make an easy, healthy choice.;Michelle Obama;family
I missed my home - like the physicality of my home, I missed my friends and my family mostly and just hanging out and being in your home country - culturally it feels right and that is what I miss.;Orlando Bloom;family
Leave the President's family business to him. You will have plenty to do without trying to manage the First Family. They are likely to do fine without your help.;Donald Rumsfeld;family
For the Nugent family, fast food is a running herbivore.;Ted Nugent;family
But with the steady disintegration of the family in modern society over the last century, the role of the school in bridging the gap has become vital!;Stephen Covey;family
I was raised by a single mother who made a way for me. She used to scrub floors as a domestic worker, put a cleaning rag in her pocketbook and ride the subways in Brooklyn so I would have food on the table. But she taught me as I walked her to the subway that life is about not where you start, but where you're going. That's family values.;Al Sharpton;family
And when I was young, my family was perfectly nice. I write a lot about it, as you noticed. But it was rather limited. I think, I don't think anyone in my family would really feel I'd done them an injustice by saying that. We didn't see many people. There were many books. It was as if I wanted to get away from home.;Christopher Hitchens;family
Like family, we are tied to each other. This is what all good musicians understand.;Billy Joel;family
My parents were French and Irish and our family even has Spanish blood-and I do so love the United States and consider myself part American.;Vivien Leigh;family
I just want my family to be safe. Because I am sometimes polarizing, I fear for their safety.;Lady Gaga;family
People under the influence of cults is similar to that we observe in addicts. Typical behaviour for both includes draining bank accounts, neglecting children, destroying relations with family and losing interest in anything except the drug or cult.;Keith Henson;family
The question of the family now divides our society so deeply that the opposing sides cannot even agree on a definition of the institution they are arguing about.;Christopher Lasch;family
My family got all over me because they said Bush is only for the rich people. Then I reminded them, 'Hey, I'm rich'.;Charles Barkley;family
There can be hope only for a society which acts as one big family, not as many separate ones.;Anwar Sadat;family
My kids say if there's any family dinner that doesn't result in somebody crying, it's not a good dinner. They cry because it helps relieve them of a guilt or some onerous emotional burden. It's like a family tradition.;William Shatner;family
Growing up in a particular neighborhood, growing up in a working-class family, not having much money, all of those things fire you and can give you an edge, can give you an anger.;Gary Oldman;family
I'm healthy, have a loving and adorable family, great hunting dogs, a gravity defying musical career and most importantly, fuzzy-headed idiots hate me.;Ted Nugent;family
Do it no matter what. If you believe in it, it is something very honorable. If somebody around you or your family does not understand it, then that's their problem. But if you do have a passion, an honest passion, just do it.;Mario Andretti;family
Because I didn't have brothers, I was always interested in the kids down the street that had four brothers in their family, so I became one of them - but it was not my family. I've always been attracted to temporary families. They tend to be lost characters.;Gus Van Sant;family
Woman is the salvation or the destruction of the family. She carries its destiny in the folds of her mantle.;Henri Frederic Amiel;family
I love when I go out and I have my hair and makeup done, but I also like it when I'm just with the family because that's real.;Heidi Klum;family
In five years' time I'd like to be a mum. I want to settle down and have a family, definitely sooner rather than later. I'd like to have finished my second album too, maybe even my third. I'd like a sound that sticks around that other people are inspired by and that people know is me.;Adele;family
My mom is the backbone not just of my family but of many families.;Shia LaBeouf;family
Family's first, and that's what matters most. We realize that our love goes deeper than the tennis game.;Serena Williams;family
I'm thankful to my family, friends, and fans for all of their support.;Serena Williams;family
Over the last couple of years, I've really worked toward balancing my life out more, having a little bit more time with friends, family and my boyfriend. There was a period of time when they were way down the list. It was all about music and touring and if everything fell by the wayside, so be it.;Alanis Morissette;family
It is time to return to core values, time to get back to basics , to self-discipline and respect for the law, to consideration for the others, to accepting responsibility for yourself and your family - and not shuffling it off on other people and the state.;John Major;family
There's a bond among a kitchen staff, I think. You spend more time with your chef in the kitchen than you do with your own family.;Gordon Ramsay;family
I really love being alive. I love my family and my work. I love the opportunity I have to do things. That's what happiness is.;Michael J. Fox;family
The true poet for me is a priest. As soon as he dons the cassock, he must leave his family.;Gustave Flaubert;family
The only people that you really have, that I learned, are your family, because they love you no matter what.;Miley Cyrus;family
When I do get the chance I just love to hang around at home with friends and family.;Delta Goodrem;family
Women are, in my view, natural peacemakers. As givers and nurturers of life, through their focus on human relationships and their engagement with the demanding work of raising children and protecting family life, they develop a deep sense of empathy that cuts through to underlying human realities.;Daisaku Ikeda;family
A family on the throne is an interesting idea. It brings down the pride of sovereignty to the level of petty life.;Walter Bagehot;family
One thing that was passed on from generation to generation in my family, over seven generations in 200 years, was never give up. That's the way we live.;Nik Wallenda;family
Protecting the institution of marriage safeguards, I believe, the American family.;John Boehner;family
I know I'm talented, but I wasn't put here to sing. I was put here to be a wife and a mom and look after my family. I love what I do, but it's not where it begins and ends.;Amy Winehouse;family
The steady expansion of welfare programs can be taken as a measure of the steady disintegration of the Negro family structure over the past generation in the United States.;Daniel Patrick Moynihan;family
I came from a poor family, so working and going to school at the same time was natural. It taught me multi-tasking, although we didn't call it that back then. I learned I could never be idle, I need to be doing many things at once.;Alan Dershowitz;family
Every adolescent has that dream every century has that dream every revolutionary has that dream, to destroy the family.;Gertrude Stein;family
The greenest home is the one you don't build. If you really want to save the Earth, move in with another family and share a house that's already built. Better yet, live in the forest and eat whatever the squirrels don't want.;Scott Adams;family
I'm a teenager, but I'm independent - I have my own apartment, I have my own life. And I think I have learned more than any of those teenagers have in school. I learned to be responsible, leaving my family and coming here alone.;Adriana Lima;family
It's hard enough to work and raise a family when your kids are all healthy and relatively normal, but when you add on some kind of disability or disease, it can just be such a burden.;Patricia Heaton;family
When you look at Prince Charles, don't you think that someone in the Royal family knew someone in the Royal family?;Robin Williams;family
The follow your dreams thing is really important because so many people are railroaded into taking other paths by their family, their friends, people who should be supportive going, 'What are you talking about?' Even just seemingly regular career paths, but if it's not what people expect for you they kind of react funny.;Joan Jett;family
When you live on the road, going home is a place to escape and just be with your family to unwind.;Jonathan Davis;family
I am just happy to be part of the Nike family.;LeBron James;family
