We are a long time in learning that all our strength and salvation is in God.;David Brainerd;strength
Few men during their lifetime comes anywhere near exhausting the resources dwelling within them. There are deep wells of strength that are never used.;Richard E. Byrd;strength
My practicality consists in this, in the knowledge that if you beat your head against the wall it is your head which breaks and not the wall - that is my strength, my only strength.;Antonio Gramsci;strength
Obama won the presidency on the strength of his message and the skills of the messenger. Now the talk of hope and change feels out of tune when so many Americans are out of work, over-mortgaged, and worried that life will be even tougher for their children.;Ron Fournier;strength
Don't kid yourself. President Obama's decision to withdraw 33,000 troops from Afghanistan before he stands for reelection is not driven by the United States' 'position of strength' in the war zone as much as it is by grim economic and political realities at home.;Ron Fournier;strength
President Obama's record on national security is a tribute to his strength, and judgment, and to his preference for inclusion and partnership over partisanship.;William J. Clinton;strength
Any act often repeated soon forms a habit and habit allowed, steady gains in strength, At first it may be but as a spider's web, easily broken through, but if not resisted it soon binds us with chains of steel.;Tryon Edwards;strength
You must rouse into people's consciousness their own prudence and strength, if you want to raise their character.;Luc de Clapiers;strength
True strength is delicate.;Louise Berliawsky Nevelson;strength
I realized that, while I would never be my mother nor have her life, the lesson she had left me was that it was possible to love and care for a man and still have at your core a strength so great that you never even needed to put it on display.;Anna Quindlen;strength
Strength of character may be learned at work, but beauty of character is learned at home.;Henry Drummond;strength
When a tradition gathers enough strength to go on for centuries, you don't just turn it off one day.;Chinua Achebe;strength
Peace is not the absence of war, but a virtue based on strength of character.;Baruch Spinoza;strength
The bitterest creature under heaven is the wife who discovers that her husband's bravery is only bravado, that his strength is only a uniform, that his power is but a gun in the hands of a fool.;Pearl S. Buck;strength
If I had not some strength of will I would make a first class drunkard.;Ernest Shackleton;strength
Solitude is strength to depend on the presence of the crowd is weakness. The man who needs a mob to nerve him is much more alone than he imagines.;Paul Brunton;strength
I was in uniform for four years, and I know that heroism doesn't occur from taking orders, but rather from people who through their own willpower and strength are willing to sacrifice their lives for an idea.;Thor Heyerdahl;strength
As a father, my first priority is to help my sons set and attain personal goals so they will develop self-confidence and individual strength. Engaging in regular fitness activities with my children helps me fulfill those responsibilities.;Alan Thicke;strength
If the leader is filled with high ambition and if he pursues his aims with audacity and strength of will, he will reach them in spite of all obstacles.;Karl Von Clausewitz;strength
When liberals finally grasped the strength of popular feeling about the family, they cried to appropriate the rhetoric and symbolism of family values for their own purposes.;Christopher Lasch;strength
My mother's sympathies were strongly with the Union. She knew that war was bound to come, but so confident was she in the strength of the Federal Government that she devoutly believed that the struggle could not last longer than six months at the utmost.;Buffalo Bill;strength
I realized a while back that I have an innate ability to be compassionate, and I saw that the strength of compassion is something that healers have and healers use.';Ricky Williams;strength
Something called 'the Oklahoma Standard' became known throughout the world. It means resilience in the face of adversity. It means a strength and compassion that will not be defeated.;Brad Henry;strength
You had no right to be born for you make no use of life. Instead of living for, in, and with yourself, as a reasonable being ought, you seek only to fasten your feebleness on some other person's strength.;Charlotte Bronte;strength
Elves have this superhuman strength, yet they're so graceful. Tolkien created them to be angelic spirits, but I also saw Legolas as something out of the Seven Samurai.;Orlando Bloom;strength
There can only be one state of mind as you approach any profound test total concentration, a spirit of togetherness, and strength.;Pat Riley;strength
The sole and basic source of our strength is the solidarity of workers, peasants and the intelligentsia, the solidarity of the nation, the solidarity of people who seek to live in dignity, truth, and in harmony with their conscience.;Lech Walesa;strength
God is waiting eagerly to respond with new strength to each little act of self-control, small disciplines of prayer, feeble searching after him. And his children shall be filled if they will only hunger and thirst after what he offers.;Richard Holloway;strength
When I learnt to write I became my own master, I became very strong, and that strength is with me to this very day.;V. S. Naipaul;strength
I count life just a stuff to try the soul's strength on.;Robert Browning;strength
The sea heaves up, hangs loaded o'er the land, Breaks there, and buries its tumultuous strength.;Robert Browning;strength
I am climbing a difficult road but the glory gives me strength.;Sextus Propertius;strength
The strength of America is not in Washington.;J. C. Watts;strength
I never got into politics for it to be a career. It doesn't take a lot of strength to hang on. It takes a lot of strength to let go.;J. C. Watts;strength
The joy of the mind is the measure of its strength.;Ninon de L'Enclos;strength
Strength is one of those things you're supposed to have. You don't feel that you have it at the time you're going through it.;Joan Didion;strength
The colour of the skin is in no way connected with strength of the mind or intellectual powers.;Benjamin Banneker;strength
A coach once told me there are four factors that determine a players' performance: his tactical awareness, his physical condition, his technical ability and his mental strength.;Gary Neville;strength
I stopped thinking too much about what could happen and relied on my physical and mental strength to play the right shots at the right time.;Novak Djokovic;strength
Grudge no expense - yield to no opposition - forget fatigue - till, by the strength of prayer and sacrifice, the spirit of love shall have overcome .;Maria Weston Chapman;strength
I kid around a lot, but pranks are not my best strength!;Betty White;strength
Although strength should fail, the effort will deserve praise. In great enterprises the attempt is enough.;Sextus Propertius;strength
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.;Richard L. Evans;strength
Religion brings to man an inner strength, spiritual light, and ineffable peace.;Alexis Carrel;strength
We can't equate spending on veterans with spending on defense. Our strength is not just in the size of our defense budget, but in the size of our hearts, in the size of our gratitude for their sacrifice. And that's not just measured in words or gestures.;Jennifer Granholm;strength
If only the strength of the love that people feel when it is reciprocated could be as intense and obsessive as the love we feel when it is not then marriages would be truly made in heaven.;Ben Elton;strength
All the sudden high-impact stress can really take a toll on your body. So if you still want to be active and get in a good workout, go to a yoga class or pilates class, or get in some strength and conditioning.;Sophia Bush;strength
It requires more strength to be gentle, so it's the everyday encounters of life that I think we've prepared children for and prepared them to be good to other people and to consider other people.;Bob Keeshan;strength
I have always drawn strength from being close to home.;Arthur Ashe;strength
I know that, like every woman of the people, I have more strength than I appear to have.;Evita Peron;strength
To us Americans much has been given of us much is required. With all our faults and mistakes, it is our strength in support of the freedom our forefathers loved which has saved mankind from subjection to totalitarian power.;Norman Thomas;strength
It is not good to see people who have been pretending strength all their lives lose it even for a minute.;Lillian Hellman;strength
I want to thank all my fans, teammates, coaches and supporters for the strength they've given me to overcome so much.;Ricky Williams;strength
The more equality women have, the fairer, more civilized and tolerant society will be. Sexual equality is a lot more effective against terrorism than military strength.;Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero;strength
I do a dance-based cardio workout infused with circuit training, and emphasizing strength and alignment.;Chloe Sevigny;strength
We are still keeping, as much as we can to the one million commitment that we made, hoping that at a certain point in time, the headwinds represented by the strength of the yen will be a little bit less strong.;Carlos Ghosn;strength
I think naturally, if you're an actor, there's a high level of assertiveness that you need to have to survive this business. There's boldness in being assertive, and there's strength and confidence.;Bryan Cranston;strength
I get strength from my art - all the paintings I own are powerful.;Madonna Ciccone;strength
I want to exude strength and intelligence.;Portia de Rossi;strength
Early in the morning, I fell in love with the girl that later on became my wife. At that time, we were so naive. I wanted to charm her, so I read her Capital by Marx. I thought somehow she would be convinced by the strength of his criticism about capital.;Shimon Peres;strength
Brain power improves by brain use, just as our bodily strength grows with exercise. And there is no doubt that a large proportion of the female population, from school days to late middle age, now have very complicated lives indeed.;A. N. Wilson;strength
Humble souls are fearful of their own strength.;William Gurnall;strength
I'm not sure I have the physical strength to undertake a novel.;Joan Didion;strength
All too often miners, and indeed other trade unionists, underestimate the economic strength they have.;Arthur Scargill;strength
There's a feeling that strength is determined by the size of a union. That clearly is nonsense.;Arthur Scargill;strength
Old age is not a disease - it is strength and survivorship, triumph over all kinds of vicissitudes and disappointments, trials and illnesses.;Maggie Kuhn;strength
Above all, it is not decency or goodness of gentleness that impresses the Middle East, but strength.;Meir Kahane;strength
Britain's great strength is its innovative, design and engineering natural ability and we're not using it.;James Dyson;strength
The type of cuisine I do, especially after being on 'Iron Chef' for several years, is a lot of global cuisine. My strength has always been Mediterranean cuisine across the board from Morocco, Spain, Italy, Greece, France, but I think now I'm doing a lot of very different cuisines all the time.;Cat Cora;strength
I want kids to understand that strength doesn't come from what goes on around you. It comes from inside you, and that comes from Jesus Christ.;Willie Aames;strength
To achieve lasting literature, fictional or factual, a writer needs perceptive vision, absorptive capacity, and creative strength.;Lawrence Clark Powell;strength
Let us face it: in the world today, money and economic strength remain more powerful arguments than the number of people you represent.;Guy Verhofstadt;strength
At some point, you can't lift this boulder with just your own strength. And if you find that you need to move bigger and bigger boulders up hills, you will need more and more help.;Vinton Cerf;strength
I maintain by going to spin four or five days a week. I love that I can get a solid butt-kicking in 40 minutes. I also strength train two or three times a week.;Alison Sweeney;strength
I'll do strength training in my dressing room between shoots, and I've been known to make business calls while out jogging. I try to mute myself on Bluetooth so they can't hear me huffing and puffing, but I usually end up getting caught.;Alison Sweeney;strength
There's a kind of a fundamental irresponsibility in playwriting, and the strength of playwriting comes from that irresponsibility.;Tony Kushner;strength
My opinion, my conviction, gains immensely in strength and sureness the minute a second mind as adopted it.;Malcolm Muggeridge;strength
I also wanted to express the strength of cinema to hide reality, while being entertaining. Cinema can fill in the empty spaces of your life and your loneliness.;Pedro Almodovar;strength
So many older people, they just sit around all day long and they don't get any exercise. Their muscles atrophy, and they lose their strength, their energy and vitality by inactivity.;Jack LaLanne;strength
I've come to the conclusion that beautiful women in the West aren't comfortable finding strength in their femininity. They want to do masculine-oriented things to establish their femininity. It's a contradiction.;Wesley Snipes;strength
My greatest strength as a child, I realize now, was my imagination. While every other kid was reading and writing, I had seven whole hours a day to practice my imagination. When do you get that space in your life, ever?;Barbara Corcoran;strength
I have a theory and I really believe it. I think your worst weakness can become your greatest single strength.;Barbara Corcoran;strength
He knows not his own strength that has not met adversity.;Ben Jonson;strength
I exercise every morning. I do light weights - 5lb and 10lb arm exercises - and then lie and lift my arms and legs. It's all about keeping core strength. I do a lot of stretching too.;Larry Hagman;strength
I went to a military school between the ages of six and 12 and later into the air force. You learn discipline and strength of character.;Larry Hagman;strength
You have to get along with people, but you also have to recognize that the strength of a team is different people with different perspectives and different personalities.;Steve Case;strength
Then when I went to Iraq and saw the strength and character the men and women in our military service exhibit every day and their belief in what they're doing, I knew I wanted to get that on film and share it with everyone. They are my inspiration.;Joe Nichols;strength
My faith isn't very churchy, it's a pretty personal, intimate thing and has been a huge source of strength in moments of life and death.;Bear Grylls;strength
One killer exercise that's really great is pull-ups with your legs out level. That's my favourite. It's such functional core strength, and that's why I can climb up trees and down vines.;Bear Grylls;strength
My faith is an important part of my life and over the years I've learnt that it takes a proud man to say he doesn't need anything. It has been a quiet strength and a backbone through a lot of difficult times.;Bear Grylls;strength
I'm coming from a place of total strength and humility now.;Robert Downey, Jr.;strength
I don't think a woman has to act like a man to show that she has strength.;Little Richard;strength
Our very strength as lesbians lies in the fact that we are outside of patriarchy our existence challenges its life.;Charlotte Bunch;strength
I feel my heart break to see a nation ripped apart by it's own greatest strength - it's diversity.;Melissa Etheridge;strength
I know what my limitations are as an actor, but my strength is putting myself into a well-written part. When I get in trouble is when I have to fix it, or when I have to carry it on personality.;George Clooney;strength
I have behind me not only the splendid traditions and the annals of more than a thousand years but the living strength and majesty of the Commonwealth and Empire of societies old and new of lands and races different in history and origins but all, by God's Will, united in spirit and in aim.;Queen Elizabeth II;strength
Zealous men are ever displaying to you the strength of their belief, while judicious men are showing you the grounds of it.;William Shenstone;strength
But my strength was in singing and songwriting, which was a new discovery for me when I was 18. And I decided if I pursued songwriting, which is what was closest to my heart, then there would be no competition. I would just live my life being myself and living my dream.;Jason Mraz;strength
So Europe needs to be competitive and we also need to be competitive if we wish to remain an interesting economic partner for the United States. This has to be done on the basis of strength, of competitiveness.;Angela Merkel;strength
