Those who love deeply never grow old they may die of old age, but they die young.;Dorothy Canfield Fisher;age
I get all fired up about aging in America.;Willard Scott;age
The really frightening thing about middle age is the knowledge that you'll grow out of it.;Doris Day;age
There is an anti-aging possibility, but it has to come from within.;Susan Anton;age
The lovely thing about being forty is that you can appreciate twenty-five-year-old men more.;Colleen McCullough;age
When a noble life has prepared old age, it is not decline that it reveals, but the first days of immortality.;Muriel Spark;age
The whole business of marshaling one's energies becomes more and more important as one grows older.;Hume Cronyn;age
The tendency of old age to the body, say the physiologists, is to form bone. It is as rare as it is pleasant to meet with an old man whose opinions are not ossified.;Bob Wells;age
Old age adds to the respect due to virtue, but it takes nothing from the contempt inspired by vice it whitens only the hair.;Ira Gershwin;age
As men get older, the toys get more expensive.;Marvin Davis;age
I find that a man is as old as his work. If his work keeps him from moving forward, he will look forward with the work.;William Ernest Hocking;age
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.;Albert Einstein;age
Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits. Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.;Albert Einstein;age
Confusion of goals and perfection of means seems, in my opinion, to characterize our age.;Albert Einstein;age
Perfection of means and confusion of ends seem to characterize our age.;Albert Einstein;age
The age of a woman doesn't mean a thing. The best tunes are played on the oldest fiddles.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;age
Life would be infinitely happier if we could only be born at the age of eighty and gradually approach eighteen.;Mark Twain;age
A stockbroker urged me to buy a stock that would triple its value every year. I told him, 'At my age, I don't even buy green bananas.';Claude Pepper;age
When marrying, ask yourself this question: Do you believe that you will be able to converse well with this person into your old age? Everything else in marriage is transitory.;Friedrich Nietzsche;age
Probably the happiest period in life most frequently is in middle age, when the eager passions of youth are cooled, and the infirmities of age not yet begun as we see that the shadows, which are at morning and evening so large, almost entirely disappear at midday.;Eleanor Roosevelt;age
Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are.;Muhammad Ali;age
As human beings, our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world - that is the myth of the atomic age - as in being able to remake ourselves.;Mahatma Gandhi;age
A man loves the meat in his youth that he cannot endure in his age.;William Shakespeare;age
In every country and every age, the priest had been hostile to Liberty.;Thomas Jefferson;age
The heresy of one age becomes the orthodoxy of the next.;Helen Keller;age
The golden age is before us, not behind us.;William Shakespeare;age
Every formula of every religion has in this age of reason, to submit to the acid test of reason and universal assent.;Mahatma Gandhi;age
Thomas Jefferson once said, 'We should never judge a president by his age, only by his works.' And ever since he told me that, I stopped worrying.;Ronald Reagan;age
No woman should ever be quite accurate about her age. It looks so calculating.;Oscar Wilde;age
At twenty years of age the will reigns at thirty, the wit and at forty, the judgment.;Benjamin Franklin;age
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.;Anais Nin;age
Information is the oxygen of the modern age. It seeps through the walls topped by barbed wire, it wafts across the electrified borders.;Ronald Reagan;age
Old age is just a record of one's whole life.;Muhammad Ali;age
We prefer world law in the age of self-determination to world war in the age of mass extermination.;John F. Kennedy;age
Each age, it is found, must write its own books or rather, each generation for the next succeeding.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;age
Education is the best provision for old age.;Aristotle;age
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.;Lucille Ball;age
Sometimes I think it would be easier to avoid old age, to die young, but then you'd never complete your life, would you? You'd never wholly know you.;Marilyn Monroe;age
I don't think of myself as a poor deprived ghetto girl who made good. I think of myself as somebody who from an early age knew I was responsible for myself, and I had to make good.;Oprah Winfrey;age
The kids are old enough now - I just want to let them be kids. I don't want to comment on them too much. They're at an age where I just want to let them be kids.;Eminem;age
He who is of calm and happy nature will hardly feel the pressure of age, but to him who is of an opposite disposition youth and age are equally a burden.;Plato;age
Why should society feel responsible only for the education of children, and not for the education of all adults of every age?;Erich Fromm;age
I've got volumes on how not to behave. I've got more information now than a guy should have at my age.;Charlie Sheen;age
I'm at the age where food has taken the place of sex in my life. In fact, I've just had a mirror put over my kitchen table.;Rodney Dangerfield;age
Age is something that doesn't matter, unless you are a cheese.;Luis Bunuel;age
Hesitation increases in relation to risk in equal proportion to age.;Ernest Hemingway;age
Books were my pass to personal freedom. I learned to read at age three, and soon discovered there was a whole world to conquer that went beyond our farm in Mississippi.;Oprah Winfrey;age
In our age there is no such thing as 'keeping out of politics.' All issues are political issues, and politics itself is a mass of lies, evasions, folly, hatred and schizophrenia.;George Orwell;age
I must confess, I was born at a very early age.;Groucho Marx;age
The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which mean never losing your enthusiasm.;Aldous Huxley;age
It is utterly false and cruelly arbitrary to put all the play and learning into childhood, all the work into middle age, and all the regrets into old age.;Margaret Mead;age
We aren't in an information age, we are in an entertainment age.;Tony Robbins;age
To me - old age is always ten years older than I am.;John Burroughs;age
Age is not important unless you're a cheese.;Helen Hayes;age
No matter what age you are, or what your circumstances might be, you are special, and you still have something unique to offer. Your life, because of who you are, has meaning.;Barbara de Angelis;age
A woman has the age she deserves.;Coco Chanel;age
The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.;H. L. Mencken;age
Youngsters of the age of two and three are endowed with extraordinary strength. They can lift a dog twice their own weight and dump him into the bathtub.;Erma Bombeck;age
He who has not the spirit of this age, has all the misery of it.;Voltaire;age
Instead of being presented with stereotypes by age, sex, color, class, or religion, children must have the opportunity to learn that within each range, some people are loathsome and some are delightful.;Margaret Mead;age
I think being able to age gracefully is a very important talent. It is too late for me.;Clint Eastwood;age
Error is acceptable as long as we are young but one must not drag it along into old age.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;age
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.;Douglas MacArthur;age
I don't need you to remind me of my age. I have a bladder to do that for me.;Stephen Fry;age
Talk is by far the most accessible of pleasures. It costs nothing in money, it is all profit, it completes our education, founds and fosters our friendships, and can be enjoyed at any age and in almost any state of health.;Robert Louis Stevenson;age
Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little, repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but content themselves with a mediocrity of success.;Dale Carnegie;age
Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age.;James Joyce;age
Age merely shows what children we remain.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;age
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.;Aphra Behn;age
The credit of advancing science has always been due to individuals and never to the age.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;age
Dressing up is a bore. At a certain age, you decorate yourself to attract the opposite sex, and at a certain age, I did that. But I'm past that age.;Katharine Hepburn;age
I was born at the age of twelve on an MGM lot.;Judy Garland;age
A woman telling her true age is like a buyer confiding his final price to an Armenian rug dealer.;Mignon McLaughlin;age
How young can you die of old age?;Steven Wright;age
Legend: A lie that has attained the dignity of age.;H. L. Mencken;age
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.;Jeanne Moreau;age
Every great architect is - necessarily - a great poet. He must be a great original interpreter of his time, his day, his age.;Frank Lloyd Wright;age
At the age of six I wanted to be a cook. At seven I wanted to be Napoleon. And my ambition has been growing steadily ever since.;Salvador Dali;age
Middle age is when you're sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isn't for you.;Ogden Nash;age
If youth knew if age could.;Sigmund Freud;age
I think the biggest disease the world suffers from in this day and age is the disease of people feeling unloved. I know that I can give love for a minute, for half an hour, for a day, for a month, but I can give. I am very happy to do that, I want to do that.;Princess Diana;age
The charm of history and its enigmatic lesson consist in the fact that, from age to age, nothing changes and yet everything is completely different.;Aldous Huxley;age
Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age.;Pope John XXIII;age
I created Punk for this day and age. Do you see Britney walking around wearing ties and singing punk? Hell no. That's what I do. I'm like a Sid Vicious for a new generation.;Avril Lavigne;age
We are all geniuses up to the age of ten.;Aldous Huxley;age
It is well for the world that in most of us, by the age of thirty, the character has set like plaster, and will never soften again.;William James;age
Every age has its own poetry in every age the circumstances of history choose a nation, a race, a class to take up the torch by creating situations that can be expressed or transcended only through poetry.;Jean-Paul Sartre;age
Old age is not a matter for sorrow. It is matter for thanks if we have left our work done behind us.;Thomas Carlyle;age
I suppose when they reach a certain age some men are afraid to grow up. It seems the older the men get, the younger their new wives get.;Elizabeth Taylor;age
Sex at age 90 is like trying to shoot pool with a rope.;George Burns;age
Publishing is in a kind of Jurassic age.;Paulo Coelho;age
Age is just a number. It's totally irrelevant unless, of course, you happen to be a bottle of wine.;Joan Collins;age
Whatever you may look like, marry a man your own age - as your beauty fades, so will his eyesight.;Phyllis Diller;age
Youth has no age.;Pablo Picasso;age
Youth is a blunder Manhood a struggle, Old Age a regret.;Benjamin Disraeli;age
To teach how to live without certainty and yet without being paralysed by hesitation is perhaps the chief thing that philosophy, in our age, can do for those who study it.;Bertrand Russell;age
It is possible that mankind is on the threshold of a golden age but, if so, it will be necessary first to slay the dragon that guards the door, and this dragon is religion.;Bertrand Russell;age
Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty.;Alexander Hamilton;age
Old age realizes the dreams of youth: look at Dean Swift in his youth he built an asylum for the insane, in his old age he was himself an inmate.;Soren Kierkegaard;age
