Study after study confirms that even when you control for variables like profession, education, hours worked, age, marital status, and children, men still are compensated substantially more - even in professions, like nursing, dominated by women. No wonder there's a gender gap.;Dee Dee Myers;age
I learned from a very young age that if I pursued the things that truly excited me, that they would reward in more important ways, like happiness.;Brandon Boyd;age
I always wanted to be a designer. I read books on fashion from the age of 12.;Alexander McQueen;age
When I was a little kid I used to play with guys twice my age, so, I was the last one picked, so if I picked I knew that I had to get the ball to the scorer if I wanted to stay on the court, so that was pretty much my job.;Jason Kidd;age
We have become a society that can't self-correct, that can't address its obvious problems, that can't pull out of its nosedive. And so to our list of disasters let us add this fourth entry: we have entered an age of folly that - for all our Facebooking and the twittling tweedle-dee-tweets of the twitterati - we can't wake up from.;Thomas Frank;age
The divine right of husbands, like the divine right of kings, may, it is hoped, in this enlightened age, be contested without danger.;Mary Wollstonecraft;age
In every age there has been a stream of popular opinion that has carried all before it, and given a family character, as it were, to the century.;Mary Wollstonecraft;age
Look, demanding somebody do anything in this day and age is not going to fly.;John Mayer;age
I was very successful from a very early age, and I want to keep it.;John Mayer;age
When you get to a certain age, there is no coming back.;Brian Clough;age
Most of the basic material a writer works with is acquired before the age of fifteen.;Willa Cather;age
I would always encourage people of any age not to be so quick to follow other people's truths but to search and follow your own moral code and live by your own integrity, and mostly just be brave.;Jewel;age
I don't believe in happy endings, but I do believe in happy travels, because ultimately, you die at a very young age, or you live long enough to watch your friends die. It's a mean thing, life.;George Clooney;age
Even truth needs to be clad in new garments if it is to appeal to a new age.;Georg C. Lichtenberg;age
You can have a spiritual awakening and discover a new side of you at any age. And best of all, love can happen at any age. Life can just start to get exciting when you're in your 40s and 50s. You have to believe that.;Salma Hayek;age
America doesn't reward people of my age, either in day-to-day life or for their performances.;Meryl Streep;age
I really think we should pass a law in every state, I don't care whether it takes the independence away from an old person or not. You shouldn't be driving a car if you're over the age of 80. Maybe even less than that.;Evel Knievel;age
I think I'm past the age of getting lost.;Amanda Seyfried;age
I conceived in art college at the age of 20, near the end of term.;Joni Mitchell;age
I've been screaming at the top of my lungs at my family, 'Work out! Work out! Old age is coming!';Cher;age
It is not classified as a pagan religion. The so-called New Age activities and this are not called religions and therefore don't come under the prohibition of mingling church and state that we have in this country.;Dixie Lee Ray;age
No sex, age, or condition is above or below the absolute necessity of modesty but without it one vastly beneath the rank of man.;Bruce Barton;age
People tend to become more emotionally intelligent as they age and mature.;Daniel Goleman;age
With age, you get to a place where you don't want to knock people out. You just want to give people a hug.;Vin Diesel;age
Age is no barrier. It's a limitation you put on your mind.;Jackie Joyner-Kersee;age
Whoever, fleeing marriage and the sorrows that women cause, does not wish to wed comes to a deadly old age.;Hesiod;age
Age has been the perfect fire extinguisher for flaming youth.;Navjot Singh Sidhu;age
I prefer younger men. In some ways, they are much more open to a woman being stronger and independent then some of the men my age.;Kim Cattrall;age
You have to be desirable. And that's why so many woman of my age or even younger are pushed to Botox and plastic surgery, all the things that people say, 'Why do women do this?' Where do you go in your 50s in your career?;Kim Cattrall;age
It is my art. I am better at it than I ever was. And I will do it as long as I can. When you reach a certain age you can slough off what is unnecessary and concentrate on what is. And why not?;Arthur Miller;age
I feel like a lot of the female relationships I see on TV or in movies are in some way free of the kind of jealousy and anxiety and posturing that has been such a huge part of my female friendships, which I hope lessens a little bit with age.;Lena Dunham;age
At my age, no one is married, no one has kids, no one has a career.;Lena Dunham;age
One of the many pleasures of old age is giving things up.;Malcolm Muggeridge;age
There's also some element of coming of age during the Reagan administration, which everybody has painted as some glorious time in America, but I remember as being a very, very dark time. There was apocalypse in the air the punk rock movement made sense.;John Cusack;age
If you explode onto the scene at a very young age, there are so many people pulling you in different directions. It takes time to recalibrate and see what's important.;Clive Owen;age
Situational unawareness in the private marketplace or on the battlefield will cost you your livelihood or your life. In the Age of Obama, however, such willful ignorance is a job prerequisite. The less you know the better.;Michelle Malkin;age
We virtually never feel our age, but thinking that we should can lead to disaster.;Martha Beck;age
We grew up in a very creative environment and were exposed to the arts at a very young age, so it's not a surprise that all of us are in some form of the arts.;Spike Lee;age
I want to be part of the resurgence of things that are tangible, beautiful and soulful, rather than just give in to the digital age. But when I talk to people about this they just say, 'Yeah, I know what you mean,' and stare at their mobiles.;Jack White;age
I wanted to do two things when I was growing up, about your age. I wanted to play in the NBA, and I wanted to be a businessman after my basketball career was over, and that is what I am doing now.;Magic Johnson;age
The idea of regretting not doing this seemed insane to me. Sitting in the corner at a bar at age 60, saying: 'I could've been Bond. Buy me a drink.' That's the saddest place I could be. At least now at 60 I can say: 'I was Bond. Now buy me a drink.';Daniel Craig;age
There's a vintage which comes with age and experience.;Jon Bon Jovi;age
It's not the normal way to look at things but I experienced death at a really young age and because of that it's been part of my mental landscape that death is really very possible.;Cate Blanchett;age
I've an enormous respect for my mother who at the age of 39 raised three children, and I grew up with my grandmother in the household. And so it was a really strong household of women - my poor brother! It was great growing up with so many generations of women.;Cate Blanchett;age
Every age develops its own peculiar forms of pathology, which express in exaggerated form its underlying character structure.;Christopher Lasch;age
I love my kids, and the moments I have with them, and it's kind of weird, it's such an age old cliche, but the way that my sons, the way they make me feel when I look at them, the way they say things, no one else would probably react to them, but it's a special thing for me.;Michael Rapaport;age
There's a very small group of elite actresses who are my age, who people want to work with. It's not easy to get a good job with good actors.;Amanda Peet;age
A final word: I am not knowledgeable about the internet. I do not have a computer. I guess that at 74 years of age, I don't have the patience to learn.;David Wilkerson;age
It lies in human nature that where you experience your first laughs, you also remember the age kindly.;Vaclav Havel;age
We tried not to age, but time had its rage.;Patti Smith;age
Michelle Pfeiffer hasn't been finding a lot of work recently because she doesn't like what a woman her age is offered. That's a real double standard. You get Sean Connery, who gets older and older, still playing opposite young ladies, but it doesn't work the other way around.;Denzel Washington;age
Old age and treachery will always beat youth and exuberance.;David Mamet;age
My wife and I, unlike many intellectuals, spent five years working on assembly lines. We came to fully understand the criticisms of the industrial age, in which you are an appendage of a machine that sets the pace.;Alvin Toffler;age
Even one voice can be heard loudly all over the world in this day and age.;Aung San Suu Kyi;age
At this age, I should be leading a quiet life.;Aung San Suu Kyi;age
Any new financial order for the world must tackle the three chief challenges of our age.;James Buchan;age
There are signs that the age of petroleum has passed its zenith. Adjusted for inflation, a barrel of crude oil now sells for three times its long-run average. The large western oil companies, which cartellised the industry for much of the 20th century, are now selling more oil than they find, and are thus in the throes of liquidation.;James Buchan;age
With the song 'This Christmas' I wanted to do something that was kind of different. I mean, Donny Hathaway is an amazing artist. So I wanted to bring my flavor to the song so when people over the age of 45 or 50 hear it they'll be like 'OK, he did his thing with that record.' It's like I can appeal to everybody and not just a younger demographic.;Chris Brown;age
In an age when the fashion is to be in love with yourself, confessing to be in love with somebody else is an admission of unfaithfulness to one's beloved.;Russell Baker;age
Rereading A.J. Liebling carries me happily back to an age when all good journalists knew they had plenty to be modest about, and were.;Russell Baker;age
Reason is a crutch for age, but youth is strong enough to walk alone.;John Dryden;age
What's a man's age? He must hurry more, that's all Cram in a day, what his youth took a year to hold.;Robert Browning;age
What Youth deemed crystal, Age finds out was dew.;Robert Browning;age
A face to lose youth for, to occupy age With the dream of, meet death with.;Robert Browning;age
I believe the true function of age is memory. I'm recording as fast as I can.;Rita Mae Brown;age
So Harry Potter came in and it is nice that I have kids of the right age. I took them to London and they walked around the set and met Harry Potter and that is thrilling.;Gary Oldman;age
All we can do when we think of kids today is think of more hours of school, earlier age at the computer, and curfews. Who would want to grow up in that world?;James Hillman;age
The reason for the sadness of this modern age and the men who live in it is that it looks for the truth in everything and finds it.;Edmond de Goncourt;age
No, but way before that, I've been doing little dances in movies for years. Yeah, that was an amazing chance. You know, at my age to be able to do a music dance video, very unusual.;Christopher Walken;age
There probably aren't a lot of actors my age who tap dance.;Christopher Walken;age
I started auditioning when I was about 10 and I didn't get my first job until I was 12, and two years at that age is really hard.;Anna Kendrick;age
I remember being in Hollywood at the age of 16 and marveling at the stars. The idea of being part of it never entered my mind. It was too far-fetched.;Bryan Adams;age
The older generation had greater respect for land than science. But we live in an age when science, more than soil, has become the provider of growth and abundance. Living just on the land creates loneliness in an age of globality.;Shimon Peres;age
One of my grandfathers, actually, having gone out there as a minister, decided he would better serve the people as a doctor. So at a very late age - at the age of 38 in fact - he changed course and decided to become a doctor.;Colin Firth;age
I'm totally into new age and self-help books. I used to work in a bookstore and that's the section they gave me, and I got way into it. I just loved the power of positive thinking, letting yourself go.;Jason Mraz;age
It's the kind of clothes that mothers and daughters can wear, in terms of concept... It's not about age. It's about taste, and it's about lifestyle. I believe women of all ages can wear anything.;Ralph Lauren;age
The reason for the slow progress of the world seems to lie in a single fact. Every man is born under the yoke, and grows up beneath the oppressions of his age.;John Jay Chapman;age
A newspaper is lumber made malleable. It is ink made into words and pictures. It is conceived, born, grows up and dies of old age in a day.;Jim Bishop;age
Just as we reject racism, sexism, ageism, and heterosexism, we reject speciesism. The species of a sentient being is no more reason to deny the protection of this basic right than race, sex, age, or sexual orientation is a reason to deny membership in the human moral community to other humans.;Gary L. Francione;age
I am a grandmother now, and that means age is creeping on, creeping on.;Lillie Langtry;age
I love things that age well - things that don't date, that stand the test of time and that become living examples of the absolute best.;Giorgio Armani;age
Many women my age have known the experience of giving up crucial parts of themselves to please the man they love.;Joyce Maynard;age
American Idol transcends age, gender, ethnicity, everything.;Carrie Underwood;age
You get to a certain age and you can't judge yourself on your dad or your parents.;Ellie Goulding;age
I'd like to look like Madonna when I'm her age. I also look at athletes and love their bodies. I've always wanted to be muscly, not skinny. A lot of women yo-yo around, but I'm always aware if I'm getting a bit out of shape. I never look at the scales but I can just tell. It goes on my tum and bum.;Ellie Goulding;age
I could always sing, from a really young age, but my voice was really weird. I used to make my mum turn up the radio every day in our house. She was well into music so I got that from her.;Ellie Goulding;age
I think women get caught up too much in having a plan - 'I'm going to get married at this age I'm going to have a kid at this age' - and then they just try to find a guy who will fit into that picture. I don't want my life to be based on that.;Julia Stiles;age
I was always concerned with writing to my age at a particular moment. That was the way I would keep faith with the audience that supported me as I went along.;Bruce Springsteen;age
Experts tell us that 90% of all brain development occurs by the age of five. If we don't begin thinking about education in the early years, our children are at risk of falling behind by the time they start Kindergarten.;Robert. L. Ehrlich;age
When I was seventeen, I worked as a counsellor at a co-ed sleep-away camp for eight weeks. I loved it but it could be harrowing - it was far too much responsibility for someone my age.;Harlan Coben;age
Music has always been my protection against the world, from a very young age. I feel safe inside of a jam.;Trey Anastasio;age
We are the children of a technological age. We have found streamlined ways of doing much of our routine work. Printing is no longer the only way of reproducing books. Reading them, however, has not changed.;Lawrence Clark Powell;age
Religion is the best antidote to the individualism of the consumer age. The idea that society can do without it flies in the face of history and, now, evolutionary biology.;Jonathan Sacks;age
Religiosity turns out to be the best indicator of civic involvement: it's more accurate than education, age, income, gender or race.;Jonathan Sacks;age
The year I was born, 1956, was the peak year for babies being born, and there are more people essentially our age than anybody else. We could crush these new generations if we decided too.;Tom Hanks;age
Adulthood is the ever-shrinking period between childhood and old age. It is the apparent aim of modern industrial societies to reduce this period to a minimum.;Thomas Szasz;age
I was born at the age of twelve on a Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer lot.;Edward Koch;age
We live in an age of instant knowledge. And there's almost a sense of entitlement to that.;J. J. Abrams;age
It's the golden age of French cinema again but it's because Sarkozy had the guts to push through copyright law.;Harvey Weinstein;age
