I prefer ordinary girls - you know, college students, waitresses, that sort of thing. Most of the girls I go out with are just good friends. Just because I go out to the cinema with a girl, it doesn't mean we are dating.;Leonardo DiCaprio;dating
My philosophy of dating is to just fart right away.;Jenny McCarthy;dating
Pamela Anderson Lee released a statement confirming that she has had her breast implants removed. Doctors say that Pamela is doing fine and that her old implants are now dating Charlie Sheen.;Conan O'Brien;dating
I want my audience to know me for my work, not because of who I'm dating or what drugs I'm on or what club I went to.;Shia LaBeouf;dating
It's a big responsibility dating me. Because I come with a little bit of baggage, you know?;Demi Lovato;dating
Good-looking individuals are treated better than homely ones in virtually every social situation, from dating to trial by jury.;Martha Beck;dating
I can't even explain to you how terrible that feels, that I equate dating a woman with punishment, shame, guilt, disappointment, reproach, reprimand, persecution. It's a nightmare.;John Mayer;dating
When I was first divorced, I started dating younger women, and it was really exciting. But after a while I was like, 'This is just dumb.';Louis C. K.;dating
You are not alone with a guy until you are a proper age. You don't go to certain levels with men until you are married or you have a certain relationship.;Daisy Fuentes;dating
I'm honest about the journey I've been on, so I definitely don't take dating lightly anymore.;Demi Lovato;dating
I can't imagine dating a boy, meeting him only outside the home. What's a home and family for if it's not the center of one's life?;Loretta Young;dating
When I started dating I had this kind of Romeo and Juliet, fateful romantic idea about love which was almost that you were a victim and there was a lot of pain involved and that was how it should be.;Emma Watson;dating
All my freakouts have been pretty private and directed at family pets and/or people I have been dating for too short a time to freak out at in that way.;Lena Dunham;dating
People say, 'Just say who you're dating. Then people will stop being so ravenous about it.' It's like, No they won't! They'll ask for specifics.;Kristen Stewart;dating
I wouldn't tell you anything about anybody I cared about because it becomes entertainment for other people, and it sort of just cheapens everything in your life. I would never tell you if I was dating anybody.;Kristen Stewart;dating
I'm not very experienced with boys or the whole dating thingy.;Vanessa Hudgens;dating
Well, dating has become a sport and not about finding the person you love.;Rashida Jones;dating
I'm friends with a lot of my exes, but it took time. We didn't just get into it. I don't think you can be friends until you're cool with them dating someone else. That's when you know.;Rashida Jones;dating
I'm not great at dating, but I need to do it to relax.;Lena Dunham;dating
Dating is just awkward moments and one person wants more than the other. It's just that constant strangeness. I think it's a very real thing.;Jason Schwartzman;dating
I give dating advice on a regular basis. It's not that I'm any expert, but it's always nice to share that with your friends.;Ashley Tisdale;dating
I don't really believe in rules, but I do like old-fashioned dating where you don't call the guy until he calls you. I don't think it's like he's got to do this and that's the rule.;Ashley Tisdale;dating
I don't have the best dating track record.;Lauren Conrad;dating
Dating is all about the chase. It's fun!;Lauren Conrad;dating
Dating in Los Angeles can be hard, which makes it all the better when you meet a really nice guy.;Lauren Conrad;dating
I'm not old-fashioned when it comes to dating, but there's something nice about a guy pulling out a girl's chair and opening the door for her, even if it's just in the beginning.;Lauren Conrad;dating
My mom is going to kill me for talking about sleeping with people. But I don't want to put myself in the position where I'm in a monogamous relationship right now. I'm not dating just one person. 'Sex and the City' changed everything for me because those girls would sleep with so many people.;Lindsay Lohan;dating
Coming through the fire and through the storm of life with a strong man, my fiance Ashanti, whom I've been dating for eight months and two wonderful children beside me, I'm just so happy that I have been able to maintain my integrity and get to where I am today with the right energy around me.;Angie Stone;dating
I'm much more interested in what an actor has to say about something substantial and important than who they're dating or what clothes they're wearing or some other asinine, insignificant aspect of their life.;Ben Affleck;dating
I've had two romances since moving to Las Vegas. One was with somebody 12 years older than me, and the other was the same age, and neither worked out. I know people still think of me as one of Hugh Hefner's girlfriends, and he of course was much older than me, but that was a whole different lifestyle and a different kind of dating.;Holly Madison;dating
I have put gay dating on the map.;Patti Stanger;dating
I had to find a diet that would kick me back into dating shape, because I know that I can't date at size 8. I have to date at size 2. And it's just a fact of nature. Go get your injections and your chemical peels. You gotta look good to attract a man.;Patti Stanger;dating
Taylor Swift dates guys so she can write a breakup song about them. I don't think she's dating for love - I think she's dating for creativity. So let's get her off the market and put her in dating detox. If she really wants love, she has to stop writing music about them.;Patti Stanger;dating
The rich are different. Their wants are very high maintenance. They'll pick eye color and hair color, all the way down to what she does for a living, what school she went to. Their list can be extremely long. But at the end of the day, dating is dating, because they're human beings.;Patti Stanger;dating
Dating is kind of hard. Like dinner or something like that. Like a forced awkward situation is very strange. Especially for me, for some reason.;Zac Efron;dating
I grew up in the world of bad television, on my dad's sets and then as a young schmuck on dating shows and so on.;George Clooney;dating
No one knew me until I met my wife Lulu. Lulu's mother used to ask, Which one is Maurice? For six months she thought Lulu was dating Barry.;Maurice Gibb;dating
I'm so an all-or-nothing person in dating, always. I'm big on not wasting time. And so, yeah, if something's not working, it's time to not hold people back.;Ginnifer Goodwin;dating
I don't know why anyone would want to ask an actor for dating advice. We are not the poster children for healthy relationships.;Ginnifer Goodwin;dating
After a number of years dating, we decided we were good partners.;Melinda Gates;dating
I always hated high-school shows and high-school movies, because they were always about the cool kids. It was always about dating and sex, and all the popular kids, and the good-looking kids. And the nerds were super-nerdy cartoons, with tape on their glasses. I never saw 'my people' portrayed accurately.;Paul Feig;dating
Dating is really hard because everyone puts on a front. It's really difficult to see who is who, so it is important to be yourself.;Brooke Burke;dating
At the time that I knew them, they were not living together. They began dating again after their divorce, so I didn't really see fighting.;Kato Kaelin;dating
Dodi got a lot of criticism when he began dating Princess Diana. No one seemed to think he was good enough for her.;Lorna Luft;dating
I'm often dating people, but I don't say it because you sort of know it won't last long.;Graham Norton;dating
It's just me and my 6-month-old puppy. I am not dating anyone.;Bridget Hall;dating
I was dating my first boyfriend in high school for a long time, and we broke up before prom. I hadn't met anyone else that I really wanted to go with, and my friends have always been amazing. So I went with my friends and got a million photos with them!;Shay Mitchell;dating
The Google algorithm was a significant development. I've had thank-you emails from people whose lives have been saved by information on a medical website or who have found the love of their life on a dating website.;Tim Berners-Lee;dating
I've had a little bad, bad media luck the new year. Well, apparently I'm dating Bill Clinton, which makes me nervous. I didn't know, though.;Julie Bowen;dating
I also find it interesting that a lot of people in their 30s are not married and don't have kids. There are a lot of people in this age bracket that are out there dating and trying to find love. And I never thought that at my age I would be.;John Stamos;dating
Dating co-stars is natural. When you're working with someone, it's habit.;Rachel Bilson;dating
We had two rules growing up in my house: If you're going to take a shower, do it with whomever you're dating so you don't waste water and if you buy one for yourself, buy six, because everybody's going to want one.;Moon Unit Zappa;dating
If I'm with a man, is that going to prevent me from achieving my goal? What sacrifices will I have to make in terms of being myself, if I'm with a man? Something that young women find out really quickly is that when you start dating, all of a sudden you're supposed to have a role. You're not allowed to just be yourself.;Candace Bushnell;dating
Evolution is unobservable. It's based on blind faith in a few dry bones and on unreliable dating systems in which the gullible trust. Kids should be allowed to make up their own minds about this issue, and not be censored to 'one side is all we will let you hear.';Ray Comfort;dating
I ain't scared to do another dating show, but I ain't really trying to. I want to do a talk show or something. I've done enough dating on television. I'm ready to spread my wings, and go down other avenues.;Flavor Flav;dating
Like many of you, I've always been slightly obsessed with vampires, dating back to the prime-time series 'Dark Shadows,' which I followed avidly as a kid.;Bill Condon;dating
I like the idea of dating, but I'm not dating anyone exclusively, particularly right now. It's hard to be in a relationship unless you're ready to go public with it. So it's a lot easier for me to not be in a relationship. I really don't want that part of my life to be tabloid fodder.;Cory Monteith;dating
I wish I was dating one of the ladies in 'Bollywood Hero.' They're gorgeous. Any of them.;Chris Kattan;dating
I'm finally dating. It's fun.;Kristin Chenoweth;dating
Mary Tyler Moore was a working woman whose story lines were not always about dating and men. They were about work friendships and relationships, which is what I feel my adult life has mostly been about.;Tina Fey;dating
I'm very open to dating and finding a guy.;Kristin Cavallari;dating
Are you kidding? I'm a terrible cook, but John is a really great one. Literally, I never cook. The whole time we were dating, I prepared two officially romantic meals. Both of them were such disasters that he begs me never to go into the kitchen again.;Rebecca Romijn;dating
I don't have dating tips.;Bill Keller;dating
I have no wisdom to share on dating.;Rachel Dratch;dating
I'm not interested in dating. I like being with my own best friend, me. Certain women, particularly older women, cannot believe I like going to a social event by myself. But I do.;Gloria Allred;dating
So if I was dating somebody now and the relationship didn't work out, I'd take that as failing.;Gavin DeGraw;dating
You know, I had my mother and my father convincing me that he would be going back to Hollywood and he'd be back with the actresses and dating them and that he wasn't serious about me at all. So I had him saying one thing to me and my parents telling me something else.;Priscilla Presley;dating
Dating is different when you get older. You're not as trusting, or as eager to get back out there and expose yourself to someone.;Toni Braxton;dating
So I go to my first book signing, and these two girls came up and gave me a piece of paper: '10 reasons you should date our dad. He climbed Mount Kilimanjaro. He's a lawyer.' He didn't know what was going on. He didn't even know me. They called him, and he came down and asked me out that day. Now I'm dating their dad!;Hoda Kotb;dating
Celebrities say they date other celebrities because they have the same job. But I think they just like dating famous people. Celebrities attract each other, like cattle.;Jason Lee;dating
I've always gone out with much younger guys. But I rushed into relationships before really getting to know the person. What would come up as a warning sign within the first two weeks of dating would usually be the exact reason the relationship would end!;Carrie Ann Inaba;dating
Here's the funny thing about the response I've been aware of to my dating famous people: It's been very negative. I'm either not good-looking enough, not a good enough actor or not successful enough for these people.;Dax Shepard;dating
It's ironic, really. Guys should be excited that I got Kristen Bell. If Brad Pitt gets Kristen Bell, it's like, 'Well, of course he did.' With me, it should be, 'Oh good, a normal-looking guy got her. Maybe I'll get me a Kristen Bell.' But guys hate my guts for always dating women I have no right to be with.;Dax Shepard;dating
Stuff about me dating Kim Kardashian - I have no idea where that came from and all these other rumors. I don't think I'm that type.;Jeremy Lin;dating
I think feminism's a bit misinterpreted. It was about casting off all gender roles. There's nothing wrong with a man holding a door open for a girl. But we sort of threw away all the rules, so everybody's confused. And dating becomes a sloppy, uncomfortable, unpleasant thing.;Zosia Mamet;dating
The woman I am currently crazy about was a vegetarian for a year until I started dating her. As is the case with most vegetarians, she had never eaten properly prepared meat, only commercially packaged or otherwise abused flesh.;Steve Albini;dating
I don't mind dating younger men now.;Jackee Harry;dating
Women always try to see the one good part of The Weird Guy because the dating landscape is so bleak. Women will say, 'He's very odd, but he likes to cook. He's creepy, but he makes good pancakes!';Zoe Lister-Jones;dating
The learned are not agreed as to the time when the Gospel of John was written some dating it as early as the year 68, others as late as the year 98 but it is generally conceded to have been written after all the others.;Simon Greenleaf;dating
I'm opening up my heart to the idea of dating. It's funny - my friends would always come to me for romantic advice. I know nothing, and things have changed since I was dating in high school! I'm really trying hard to spend this time working on myself.;Olivia Wilde;dating
I heard on public radio recently, there's a thing called Weed Dating. Singles get together in a garden and weed and then they take turns, they keep matching up with other people. Two people will weed down one row and switch over with two other people. It's in Vermont. I don't think I'd be very good at Weed Dating.;Roy Blount, Jr.;dating
It was funny actually because that was still during the time we were dating. He would get all these calls because supposedly before we broke up, we had already broken up in the trades, in the rags or whatever.;Rosario Dawson;dating
I've been in plenty of situations where someone I'm dating had more time for a console than me.;Josie Maran;dating
I tried to tell them about the dating process because I'm single now and how horrible it is and how many foolish experiences I had had dating. So I was really selling him hard, but the whole time he really wanted me!;Andie MacDowell;dating
My wife and I have been together since 1986. I graduated in '86 and she graduated in '88. We began dating when she was 17. Actually she turned 18 when we started kissing and stuff.;Cuba Gooding, Jr.;dating
I highly suggest marriage to all my friends who are dating.;Jerry O'Connell;dating
You're talking to someone who has been married to various people for the last 40 years of her life. Dating is not really something familiar. I've never really been a dater.;Stockard Channing;dating
I am dating, but it is hard to find someone quick enough and funny enough. I am quite demanding.;Anne Robinson;dating
Years later I would hear my father say the divorce had left him dating his children. That still meant picking us up every Sunday for a matinee and, if he had the money, an early dinner somewhere.;Andre Dubus III;dating
In my own relationships, I know that I should break up with someone who doesn't encourage me to be strong and make my own choices and do what's best in my life, so if you're dating someone who doesn't want you to be the best person you can be, you shouldn't be dating them.;Veronica Roth;dating
I'm a fan of horrors. I love the ones that make you jump. My girlfriend hates it. I've been dating her for one-and-a-half years and I'm crazy about her, but she's terrified of horror films. Not the cute 'Will you hold me?' way, but she's weeping. With 'House of Wax,' we'll be sleeping and I'll go to the bathroom and she's sitting up waiting for me.;Jared Padalecki;dating
Yeah, I think everybody has the crises of questioning themselves at some point or other in their lives. Is this where I should live? The job I should have? The girl I should be dating? Is this the friend I should have?;Chris Messina;dating
I feel like I am a real artist and I want to be able to feel what I am singing about. So when I sing, 'Leave (Get Out),' I have been through that. I think it is just a new generation, whether people are ready for it or not. Teenagers are dating.;JoJo;dating
Dating and getting attention from boys was something that came later to me.;Rachelle Lefevre;dating
It's weird to have people so interested in your personal life. It's a part of the business that grosses me out. I'm always bummed out for people who just happen to be dating a celebrity, and they're also famous, and they can't live their life.;Andy Samberg;dating
My daughter's mother and I are no longer dating, and the people I'm most likely to date are those around me, who are athletes.;Tyson Gay;dating
I do like dating cynics - they tend to be incredibly funny.;Chris Pine;dating
Work takes up a lot of my brain space. So when I work, it's one thing. I don't have a lot of time to think about dating.;Chris Pine;dating
I can't wait for my little sisters to start dating, because it will really be fun to pick on their boyfriends.;David Gallagher;dating
