People repeat behaviour that leads to flooding their brains with pleasurable chemicals. The short-term reward loop acts over hours to years, and the long-term reproductive success loop over generations.;Keith Henson;success
Every success in limiting armaments is a sign that the will to achieve mutual understanding exists, and every such success thus supports the fight for international law and order.;Ludwig Quidde;success
Success is 99 percent failure.;Soichiro Honda;success
I have an idea of who I want to be, I have a vision of my own success.;Wiz Khalifa;success
Well, I believe that the depth of your struggle can determine the height of your success. I was inspired to come out of everything I've been through and end up in a place where I never thought that I would be.;R. Kelly;success
Success turns a lot of people off. I have a pretty solid sense of joy and respect that irritates people, and can irritate me, too.;Dave Matthews;success
I always envisioned myself being a rapper and being in the game and having success, but you never know what it feels like or how you're going to be when you're there.;Wiz Khalifa;success
Girlfriend and 100 Percent Fun were my two peeks, around '92 and '96. The reality is that the times I had the most media success, sold lots of records and played bigger shows, I had the least control of my own life.;Matthew Sweet;success
I was successful materially, but I know life is much more than worldly success. I saw all these blessings God had given me. The way to give thanks is obedience to God.;Hakeem Olajuwon;success
Whenever you analyse anyone who has had any success and they're in the headlines, you will find they are human and make mistakes. I'm certainly that and I've made a lot of mistakes.;Jeffrey Archer;success
At this point, I can't say what network would be picking it up, but I know that it would be a success.;Christy Romano;success
I put &pound150,000 into the stage production of Grease and have got back &pound1.5 million so far. It has been a fantastic success.;Jeffrey Archer;success
The only yardstick for success our society has is being a champion. No one remembers anything else.;John Madden;success
Elegance is not a dispensable luxury but a factor that decides between success and failure.;Edsger Dijkstra;success
I used to think that losing made you more hungry and determined but after my success at the Olympics and the U.S. Open I realise that winning is the biggest motivation.;Andy Murray;success
I don't like Tommy on Broadway at all. I like the music, I'm pleased with Pete's success but I don't like what they've done to it.;Roger Daltrey;success
Picture yourself vividly as winning, and that alone will contribute immeasurably to success.;Harry Emerson Fosdick;success
My overnight success was really 15 years in the making. I'd been writing songs since I was 6 and playing in bands and performing since I was 14.;Lisa Loeb;success
You should put time into learning your craft. It seems like people want success so quickly, way before they're ready.;Lucinda Williams;success
In hindsight, I slid into arrogance based upon past success.;Reed Hastings;success
If you come into success too soon, you'll burn out and be finished before you know it. If you let the maturation process happen naturally, you'll be happier with yourself in the end.;Lucinda Williams;success
I'm a mum, so my wardrobe consists of sweaters and jeans. As long as I don't leave the house forgetting my jeans, I count that as a fashion success.;Gail Porter;success
I'm extremely ambitious. I don't know why people are afraid to say that. I won't sell my soul to the devil, but I do want success and I don't think that's bad.;Jada Pinkett Smith;success
Former Olympians also get paid to make appearances. Many of them won their medals in an era when Olympic success didn't go hand-in-hand with financial success.;Mary Lou Retton;success
Success comes to a writer as a rule, so gradually that it is always something of a shock to him to look back and realize the heights to which he has climbed.;P. G. Wodehouse;success
I just want to continue the success and be an athlete that is shown in a good light in New York City.;Victor Cruz;success
My wife Elizabeth and I started The Really Terrible Orchestra for people like us who are pretty hopeless musicians who would like to play in an orchestra. It has been a great success. We give performances we've become the most famous bad orchestra in the world.;Alexander McCall Smith;success
I think people in Botswana are pleased that my books paint a positive picture of their lives and portray the country as being very special. They've made a great success of their country, and the people are fed up with the constant reporting of only the problems and poverty of the continent. They welcome something which puts the positive side.;Alexander McCall Smith;success
I'm astonished by my success.;Danielle Steel;success
It's the price of success: people start to think you're omnipotent.;Ben Bernanke;success
The secret of my success is my hairspray.;Richard Gere;success
Success, in whatever form it takes, is a tricky thing - once you've achieved your goal, then what? Where do you aim?;Arabella Weir;success
Your chances of success are directly proportional to the degree of pleasure you desire from what you do. If you are in a job you hate, face the fact squarely and get out.;Michael Korda;success
It's nice, being brought up with no money at all. It's just not how I measure success, so that makes it a bunch easier.;Bode Miller;success
Taxation is the price we pay for failing to build a civilized society. The higher the tax level, the greater the failure. A centrally planned totalitarian state represents a complete defeat for the civilized world, while a totally voluntary society represents its ultimate success.;Mark Skousen;success
Immigrants provide skills that we simply cannot afford to do without. They have contributed hugely to Britain's success.;Charles Kennedy;success
Independent films have a very different cachet than success films.;Diane Lane;success
The delusions of self-love cannot be prevented, but intellectual misconceptions as to the means of achieving success may be corrected.;George Henry Lewes;success
I would love to be a guest on a talk show or a panel that shows women who have been on reality shows who've had success, to prove to audiences that you don't have to be a fool to become successful.;NeNe Leakes;success
When making music I sink myself into the process as deeply as I can and forget all of the success.;Enya;success
I think that everything you do helps you to write if you're a writer. Adversity and success both contribute largely to making you what you are. If you don't experience either one of those, you're being deprived of something.;Shelby Foote;success
The writing of a melody is an emotional moment success doesn't make it easy.;Enya;success
Nothing good comes in life or athletics unless a lot of hard work has preceded the effort. Only temporary success is achieved by taking short cuts.;Roger Staubach;success
It's an awesome responsibility, not only to maintain the level of success the NFL has, but to build on that.;Roger Goodell;success
Fame and success are very different things.;Enya;success
It's not just the NFL. Every other league has a draft. It has been fundamental to the success of professional sports.;Roger Goodell;success
Once you can accept failure, you can have fun and success.;Rickey Henderson;success
You can take Elvis. You can take Marilyn Monroe. Success and fame will not be the answer if something inside of you is bothering you, if things in your mind aren't going right.;Linda Evans;success
That though the radiance which was once so bright be now forever taken from my sight. Though nothing can bring back the hour of splendor in the grass, glory in the flower. We will grieve not, rather find strength in what remains behind.;William Wordsworth;sympathy
Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow. It empties today of its strength.;Corrie Ten Boom;sympathy
What does love look like? It has the hands to help others. It has the feet to hasten to the poor and needy. It has eyes to see misery and want. It has the ears to hear the sighs and sorrows of men. That is what love looks like.;Saint Augustine;sympathy
When you are sorrowful look again in your heart, and you shall see that in truth you are weeping for that which has been your delight.;Khalil Gibran;sympathy
When sorrows come, they come not single spies, but in battalions.;William Shakespeare;sympathy
If there was less sympathy in the world, there would be less trouble in the world.;Oscar Wilde;sympathy
We should feel sorrow, but not sink under its oppression.;Confucius;sympathy
Only by joy and sorrow does a person know anything about themselves and their destiny. They learn what to do and what to avoid.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;sympathy
Tears are the silent language of grief.;Voltaire;sympathy
Sorrow is a fruit. God does not make it grow on limbs too weak to bear it.;Victor Hugo;sympathy
Almost all of our sorrows spring out of our relations with other people.;Arthur Schopenhauer;sympathy
There is no greater sorrow than to recall happiness in times of misery.;Dante Alighieri;sympathy
Happiness is beneficial for the body, but it is grief that develops the powers of the mind.;Marcel Proust;sympathy
There is no pain so great as the memory of joy in present grief.;Aeschylus;sympathy
Sorrow can be alleviated by good sleep, a bath and a glass of wine.;Thomas Aquinas;sympathy
Remember me with smiles and laughter, for that is how I will remember you all. If you can only remember me with tears, then don't remember me at all.;Laura Ingalls Wilder;sympathy
Truly, it is in darkness that one finds the light, so when we are in sorrow, then this light is nearest of all to us.;Meister Eckhart;sympathy
Great grief does not of itself put an end to itself.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;sympathy
Our trials, our sorrows, and our grieves develop us.;Orison Swett Marden;sympathy
Excessive sorrow laughs. Excessive joy weeps.;William Blake;sympathy
It is foolish to tear one's hair in grief, as though sorrow would be made less by baldness.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;sympathy
Grief is the price we pay for love.;Queen Elizabeth II;sympathy
Bear and endure: This sorrow will one day prove to be for your good.;Ovid;sympathy
Grief can't be shared. Everyone carries it alone. His own burden in his own way.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;sympathy
I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow, but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.;Agatha Christie;sympathy
There is no grief like the grief that does not speak.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;sympathy
A sorrow's crown of sorrow is remembering happier times.;Alfred Lord Tennyson;sympathy
Life has never been easy. Nor is it meant to be. It is a matter of being joyous in the face of sorrow.;Dirk Benedict;sympathy
The heart forgets its sorrow and ache.;James Russell Lowell;sympathy
The more sympathy you give, the less you need.;Malcolm Forbes;sympathy
I will indulge my sorrows, and give way to all the pangs and fury of despair.;Joseph Addison;sympathy
If you suppress grief too much, it can well redouble.;Moliere;sympathy
Grief changes shape, but it never ends.;Keanu Reeves;sympathy
I think loss of loved ones is the hardest blow in life.;Marlo Thomas;sympathy
Here bring your wounded hearts, here tell your anguish Earth has no sorrow that Heaven cannot heal.;Thomas More;sympathy
The natural effect of sorrow over the dead is to refine and elevate the mind.;Washington Irving;sympathy
Grief knits two hearts in closer bonds than happiness ever can and common sufferings are far stronger links than common joys.;Alphonse de Lamartine;sympathy
People who drink to drown their sorrow should be told that sorrow knows how to swim.;Ann Landers;sympathy
Sorrow is so easy to express and yet so hard to tell.;Joni Mitchell;sympathy
Excess of grief for the dead is madness for it is an injury to the living, and the dead know it not.;Xenophon;sympathy
One often calms one's grief by recounting it.;Pierre Corneille;sympathy
It is in our faults and failings, not in our virtues, that we touch each other, and find sympathy. It is in our follies that we are one.;Jerome K. Jerome;sympathy
Any mind that is capable of real sorrow is capable of good.;Harriet Beecher Stowe;sympathy
Grief is a normal and natural response to loss. It is originally an unlearned feeling process. Keeping grief inside increases your pain.;Anne Grant;sympathy
You don't go around grieving all the time, but the grief is still there and always will be.;Nigella Lawson;sympathy
If we wait until our lives are free from sorrow or difficulty, then we wait forever. And miss the entire point.;Dirk Benedict;sympathy
Those who weep recover more quickly than those who smile.;Jean Giraudoux;sympathy
The cure for sorrow is to learn something.;Barbara Sher;sympathy
The only cure for grief is action.;George Henry Lewes;sympathy
A crowd always thinks with its sympathy, never with its reason.;William R. Alger;sympathy
To desire and expect nothing for oneself and to have profound sympathy for others is genuine holiness.;Ivan Turgenev;sympathy
