If I owe Smith ten dollars and God forgives me, that doesn't pay Smith.;Robert Green Ingersoll;god
Light, God's eldest daughter, is a principal beauty in a building.;Thomas Fuller;god
Jesus didn't say, 'Blessed are those who care for the poor.' He said, 'Blessed are we where we are poor, where we are broken.' It is there that God loves us deeply and pulls us into deeper communion with himself.;Henri Nouwen;god
Every person is a God in embryo. Its only desire is to be born.;Deepak Chopra;god
Man is God's highest present development. He is the latest thing in God.;Samuel Butler;god
For me the goddess is the female of God, She is powerful if different.;Tina Turner;god
Human beings should be held accountable. Leave God alone. He has enough problems.;Elie Wiesel;god
God moves in a mysterious way, His wonders to perform. He plants his footsteps in the sea, and rides upon the storm.;William Cowper;god
But God will have a people upon the earth to maintain the Bible, and the Bible only, as the standard of all doctrines and the basis of all reforms.;Ellen G. White;god
And poets, in my view, and I think the view of most people, do speak God's language - it's better, it's finer, it's language on a higher plane than ordinary people speak in their daily lives.;Stephen King;god
Most sermons sound to me like commercials - but I can't make out whether God is the Sponsor or the Product.;Mignon McLaughlin;god
Dishonesty is so grasping it would deceive God himself, were it possible.;George Bancroft;god
When suffering comes, we yearn for some sign from God, forgetting we have just had one.;Mignon McLaughlin;god
God has a plan for all of us, but He expects us to do our share of the work.;Minnie Pearl;god
The chief difference between words and deeds is that words are always intended for men for their approbation, but deeds can be done only for God.;Leo Tolstoy;god
God made everything out of nothing, but the nothingness shows through.;Paul Valery;god
It is a curious phenomena that God has made the hearts of the poor, rich and those of the rich, poor.;Vinoba Bhave;god
Children are God's Apostles, sent forth, day by day, to preach of love, and hope, and peace.;James Russell Lowell;god
I believe that if you're healthy, you're capable of doing everything. There's no one else who can give you health but God, and by being healthy I believe that God is listening to me.;Pedro Martinez;god
One must be a god to be able to tell successes from failures without making a mistake.;Anton Chekhov;god
God's first creature, which was light.;Francis Bacon;god
Everyone can relate to love, hurt, pain, learning how to forgive, needing to get over, needing the power of God in their life.;Tyler Perry;god
You know what the Englishman's idea of compromise is? He says, Some people say there is a God. Some people say there is no God. The truth probably lies somewhere between these two statements.;William Butler Yeats;god
When you have a good mother and no father, God kind of sits in. It's not enough, but it helps.;Dick Gregory;god
Among God's creatures two, the dog and the guitar, have taken all the sizes and all the shapes, in order not to be separated from the man.;Andres Segovia;god
They say you can rap about anything except for Jesus, that means guns, sex, lies, video tapes, but if I talk about God my record won't get played Huh?;Kanye West;god
I'm sick of just liking people. I wish to God I could meet somebody I could respect.;J. D. Salinger;god
Love knows how to form itself. God will do his work if we do ours. Our job is to prepare ourselves for love. When we do, love finds us every time.;Marianne Williamson;god
Laughter is the closest thing to the grace of God.;Karl Barth;god
I was very, very religious. And of course I wrote about it in 'Night.' I questioned God's silence. So I questioned. I don't have an answer for that. Does it mean that I stopped having faith? No. I have faith, but I question it.;Elie Wiesel;god
God is absence. God is the solitude of man.;Jean-Paul Sartre;god
The question of whether there exists a supernatural creator, a God, is one of the most important that we have to answer. I think that it is a scientific question. My answer is no.;Richard Dawkins;god
We are celebrating the feast of the Eternal Birth which God the Father has borne and never ceases to bear in all eternity... But if it takes not place in me, what avails it? Everything lies in this, that it should take place in me.;Meister Eckhart;god
God flourished my ministry and my career of creative thinking, communicating and writing back 50 years.;Robert H. Schuller;god
God gave me a great body and it's my duty to take care of my physical temple.;Jean Claude Van Damme;god
If I be worthy, I live for my God to teach the heathen, even though they may despise me.;Saint Patrick;god
I thank my God for graciously granting me the opportunity of learning that death is the key which unlocks the door to our true happiness.;Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart;god
I was baptized alongside my mother when I was 8 years old. Since then, I have tried to walk a Christian life. And now that I'm getting older, I realized that I'm walking even closer with my God.;Andy Griffith;god
Scientific views end in awe and mystery, lost at the edge in uncertainty, but they appear to be so deep and so impressive that the theory that it is all arranged as a stage for God to watch man's struggle for good and evil seems inadequate.;Richard P. Feynman;god
Cure yourself of the affliction of caring how you appear to others. Concern yourself only with how you appear before God, concern yourself only with the idea that God may have of you.;Miguel de Unamuno;god
If you do not accuse each other, God will not accuse you. If you have no accuser you will enter heaven. What many people call sin is not sin I do many things to break down superstition, and I will break it down.;Joseph Smith, Jr.;god
The best way in the world to deceive believers is to cloak a message in religious language and declare that it conveys some new insight from God.;Charles Stanley;god
I deepen my experience of God through prayer, meditation, and forgiveness.;Marianne Williamson;god
Alcohol doesn't console, it doesn't fill up anyone's psychological gaps, all it replaces is the lack of God. It doesn't comfort man. On the contrary, it encourages him in his folly, it transports him to the supreme regions where he is master of his own destiny.;Marguerite Duras;god
That God does not exist, I cannot deny, That my whole being cries out for God I cannot forget.;Jean-Paul Sartre;god
God preordained, for his own glory and the display of His attributes of mercy and justice, a part of the human race, without any merit of their own, to eternal salvation, and another part, in just punishment of their sin, to eternal damnation.;John Calvin;god
However many blessings we expect from God, His infinite liberality will always exceed all our wishes and our thoughts.;John Calvin;god
Faith is the virtue by which, clinging-to the faithfulness of God, we lean upon him, so that we may obtain what he gives to us.;William Ames;god
The tragedy of life and of the world is not that men do not know God the tragedy is that, knowing Him, they still insist on going their own way.;William Barclay;god
We are all gifted, but we have to discover the gift, uncover the gift, nurture and develop the gift and use it for the Glory of God and for the liberation struggle of our people.;Louis Farrakhan;god
On Sunday morning, I'm not nervous... I can't wait to tell what God wants me to say.;Charles Stanley;god
God gives talent. Work transforms talent into genius.;Anna Pavlova;god
If you love god, burn a church.;Jello Biafra;god
Since God knows our future, our personalities, and our capacity to listen, He isn't ever going to say more to us than we can deal with at the moment.;Charles Stanley;god
Life is God's novel. Let him write it.;Isaac Bashevis Singer;god
If God wanted us to fly, He would have given us tickets.;Mel Brooks;god
Faith consists in being vitally concerned with that ultimate reality to which I give the symbolical name of God. Whoever reflects earnestly on the meaning of life is on the verge of an act of faith.;Paul Tillich;god
What do I care about Jupiter? Justice is a human issue, and I do not need a god to teach it to me.;Jean-Paul Sartre;god
The God we serve does not seek out the perfect, but instead uses our imperfections and our shortcomings for his greater good. I am humbled by my own limitations. But where I am weak, He is strong.;Rick Perry;god
I just thank God for all of the blessings.;James Brown;god
Two prisoners whose cells adjoin communicate with each other by knocking on the wall. The wall is the thing which separates them but is also their means of communication. It is the same with us and God. Every separation is a link.;Simone Weil;god
Every knee will bend before me, and every tongue shall give glory to God.;Jesus Christ;god
Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God.;Jesus Christ;god
And that's really what's happening in this country is a violation of the First Commandment. We have become a country entrenched in idolatry, and that idolatry is the dependency upon our government. We're supposed to depend upon God for our protection and our provision and for our daily bread, not for our government.;Sharron Angle;god
I have lived to thank God that all my prayers have not been answered.;Jean Ingelow;god
God used beautiful mathematics in creating the world.;Paul Dirac;god
Ministry is the least important thing. You cannot not minister if you are in communion with God and live in community.;Henri Nouwen;god
If you don't want my God here, you don't want me here either. God has been too good to me to go and try to sell out to get some money.;Tyler Perry;god
In their poverty, the mentally handicapped reveal God to us and hold us close to the gospel.;Henri Nouwen;god
The style of God venerated in the church, mosque, or synagogue seems completely different from the style of the natural universe.;Alan Watts;god
Until we meet again, may God bless you as he has blessed me.;Elvis Presley;god
The years like great black oxen tread the world, and God, the herdsman goads them on behind, and I am broken by their passing feet.;William Butler Yeats;god
It is the artist who realizes that there is a supreme force above him and works gladly away as a small apprentice under God's heaven.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;god
The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul.;Johann Sebastian Bach;god
I've always been spiritual but I've never had a proper context, and it took me awhile to find the proper context. It's hard to realize you can have any kind of relationship with God you want... and so I now have a punk rock relationship with God.;Billy Corgan;god
No attribute of God is more dreadful to sinners than His holiness.;Matthew Henry;god
God gives some more than others because some accept more than others.;Ernest Holmes;god
I am careful not to confuse excellence with perfection. Excellence I can reach for perfection is God's business.;Michael J. Fox;god
First, I have to thank God for giving me the gift that he did as well as a second chance for a better life.;Oksana Baiul;god
God will never tell us to do something that gratifies the flesh.;Charles Stanley;god
It's really amazing that in the age of unbelief, as a smart man called it, there isn't even more fraud. After all, with no God, there's no one to ever call you to account, and no accounting at all if you can get away with it.;Ben Stein;god
If you talk to God, you are praying If God talks to you, you have schizophrenia.;Thomas Szasz;god
I tell you in truth: all men are Prophets or else God does not exist.;Jean-Paul Sartre;god
After I set out to refute Christianity intellectually and couldn't, I came to the conclusion the Bible was true and Jesus Christ was God's Son.;Josh McDowell;god
I said to the almond tree, 'Friend, speak to me of God,' and the almond tree blossomed.;Nikos Kazantzakis;god
God is not a hypothesis derived from logical assumptions, but an immediate insight, self-evident as light. He is not something to be sought in the darkness with the light of reason. He is the light.;Abraham Joshua Heschel;god
Politics are for foreigners with their endless wrongs and paltry rights. Politics are a lousy way to get things done. Politics are, like God's infinite mercy, a last resort.;P. J. O'Rourke;god
Even during the worst hardships, when the other things in our lives seem to fall apart, we can still find peace in the eternal love of God.;Armstrong Williams;god
God not only plays dice, but also sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen.;Stephen Hawking;god
Man must feel the earth to know himself and recognize his values... God made life simple. It is man who complicates it.;Charles Lindbergh;god
The difficulty for most of us in the modern world is that the old-fashioned idea of God has become incredible or implausible.;Alan Watts;god
I told the brethren that the Book of Mormon was the most correct of any book on earth, and the keystone of our religion, and a man would get nearer to God by abiding by its precepts, than by any other book.;Joseph Smith, Jr.;god
God was satisfied with his own work, and that is fatal.;Samuel Butler;god
Theist and atheist: the fight between them is as to whether God shall be called God or shall have some other name.;Samuel Butler;god
My dream is to live a good life and be loving, be close to God and be a good human being and bring peace to people.;Ziggy Marley;god
God and the Devil are an effort after specialization and the division of labor.;Samuel Butler;god
Let every man be true and every god a liar.;Samuel Butler;god
And so there is no God but has been in the loins of past gods.;Samuel Butler;god
If God wants us to do a thing, he should make his wishes sufficiently clear. Sensible people will wait till he has done this before paying much attention to him.;Samuel Butler;god
