The best rules to form a young man, are, to talk little, to hear much, to reflect alone upon what has passed in company, to distrust one's own opinions, and value others that deserve it.;William Temple;alone
Science is analytical, descriptive, informative. Man does not live by bread alone, but by science he attempts to do so. Hence the deadliness of all that is purely scientific.;Eric Gill;alone
'Tis the last rose of summer Left blooming alone All her lovely companions Are faded and gone.;Thomas More;alone
Lord, Bless our enemies have mercy upon them, may they turn their course and let us alone, and let us live in peace at our homes in our own native land.;William Pennington;alone
I grew up in a very large family in a very small house. I never slept alone until after I was married.;Lewis Grizzard;alone
I like singer-songwriters, and I find sad songs comforting rather than depressing. It makes you realise you're not alone in the world.;Natalie Imbruglia;alone
Without strength and courage it's really hard to perform at the highest levels of international figure skating, because you're alone on the ice and you only have seven minutes over two nights to prove yourself.;Scott Hamilton;alone
Life is so impermanent that it's not about somebody else or things around me, it's about knowing you are completely alone in this world and being content inside.;K. D. Lang;alone
Woman must have her freedom, the fundamental freedom of choosing whether or not she will be a mother and how many children she will have. Regardless of what man's attitude may be, that problem is hers - and before it can be his, it is hers alone.;Margaret Sanger;alone
The foundations of a strong economy don't rest alone on the decisions of Chancellors or the spending programmes of government.;George Osborne;alone
You can't play a symphony alone, it takes an orchestra to play it.;Navjot Singh Sidhu;alone
For the first time, I lived alone... in a luxury apartment on Sunset Strip. For a few days I loved the idea, but I got lonely and restless.;Patty Duke;alone
People must insist on the right to say no, to be alone, to stand out from the herd. Creative artists can say all this in their own way and in their own field, by hard, rigorous work.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;alone
The right to be let alone is the underlying principle of the Constitution's Bill of Rights.;Erwin Griswold;alone
In days of doubt, in days of dreary musings on my country's fate, you alone are my comfort and support, oh great, powerful, righteous, and free Russian language!;Ivan Turgenev;alone
At the moment of childbirth, every woman has the same aura of isolation, as though she were abandoned, alone.;Boris Pasternak;alone
Of all our possessions, wisdom alone is imortal.;Isocrates;alone
What good is sitting all alone in your room?;Liza Minnelli;alone
A career is all very well, but no one lives by work alone.;Lorna Luft;alone
Happiness must be cultivated. It is like character. It is not a thing to be safely let alone for a moment, or it will run to weeds.;Elizabeth Stuart Phelps;alone
The biggest opportunity in 2013 is in Africa. It has seven out of the ten fastest-growing economies in the world. In Nigeria alone there are 100 million people with mobile phones. In total, 300 million Africans - five times the population of Britain - are in the middle class.;David Miliband;alone
The problems that the world faces - from nuclear proliferation to climate change - can't be tackled by the West alone. They need a coalition of not just West and East, but they need a coalition of Christian and Jew and Muslim.;David Miliband;alone
This is nourishing, redemptive we become less alone inside.;David Foster Wallace;alone
I would say, 'I'm alone, but I'm not lonely.' But I was just kidding myself.;Bruce Willis;alone
He who does not fill his world with phantoms remains alone.;Antonio Porchia;alone
I used to do a lot of interviews in the early '80s, when my career started, but it came to a point when I decided I didn't want to talk anymore, and people kind of understood that and left me alone.;George Strait;alone
So many people suffer from abuse, and suffer alone.;Pamela Stephenson;alone
Men was formed for society, and is neither capable of living alone, nor has the courage to do it.;William Blackstone;alone
Is it not careless to become too local when there are four hundred billion stars in our galaxy alone.;A. R. Ammons;alone
You can either invade a country or leave them alone and trade with them. When goods cross borders, armies don't.;John Stossel;alone
It's a terrible thing to be alone - yes it is - it is - but don't lower your mask until you have another mask prepared beneath - as terrible as you like - but a mask.;Katherine Mansfield;alone
You'd think I'd have been happiest in my life playing music in front of 50,000 people at Gillette Stadium. But let me tell you, it's an odd feeling to feel alone in the spotlight.;Kenny Chesney;alone
You're alone in your ideas, because you're the only one who knows what's possible.;Bethenny Frankel;alone
I was born to be alone, and I always shall be but now I want to be.;Mary MacLane;alone
I've performed solo for 20 years now, but I don't do much of it, because if you only play alone, you go crazy and out of tune and play foolish music.;Steve Lacy;alone
Nobody was playing the soprano saxophone and certainly nobody was trying to do anything with it. So I was all alone. I didn't know that at first.;Steve Lacy;alone
We're all outsiders in a way. We're all alone and can become very lonely.;Hugo Weaving;alone
I delight in my family obligations, but they leave little time for breaks let alone quick trips across the country.;Carre Otis;alone
The employee is regarded by the employer merely in the light of his value as an operative. His productive capacity alone is taken into account.;Leland Stanford;alone
I feel less alone when I read the books of Ratzinger.;Oriana Fallaci;alone
You know golf is very lonely. When I'm in the States, I feel like if I just think about Taiwan, my friends, my fans, I won't feel like I'm alone.;Yani Tseng;alone
Even crushed against his brother in the Tube the average Englishman pretends desperately that he is alone.;Germaine Greer;alone
We've just got to be careful - with all sports, let alone cricket - I think there's so much emphasis on doing the right thing all the time, but I think the public want to be entertained when they come to watch sport.;Shane Warne;alone
It depends on the situation. I mean, on one hand there's the argument that people should be left alone on the other hand, there's the argument to wade in a stop slaughters in places like Bosnia and Kosovo and what we probably should have done in Rwanda.;Jello Biafra;alone
Picture yourself vividly as winning, and that alone will contribute immeasurably to success.;Harry Emerson Fosdick;alone
When I was in my early 20s, I had my hair permed. Bad idea! It turned into total frizz. My advice to women is, if you have nice hair already, don't get a perm, leave your hair alone!;Mariska Hargitay;alone
The development of beauty in chess never depends on you alone. No matter how much imagination and creativity you invest, you still do not create beauty. Your opponent must react at the same highest level.;Vladimir Kramnik;alone
I don't know that I spent any more time alone than any other kid, but being by myself never bothered me.;Joseph Barbera;alone
I still don't like going to bed alone.;James Franco;alone
Improvisation is almost like the retarded cousin in the comedy world. We've been trying forever to get improvisation on TV. It's just like stand-up. It's best when it's just left alone. It doesn't translate always on TV. It's best live.;Amy Poehler;alone
Look, the center right coalition in American politics today is best understood as a coalition of groups and individuals that on the issue that brings them to politics what they want from the government is to be left alone.;Grover Norquist;alone
Luckily, my husband is my business partner as well as my life partner, so I never had to do the heavy lifting alone, literally or figuratively.;Josie Maran;alone
Religion is the possibility of the removal of every ground of confidence except confidence in God alone.;Karl Barth;alone
Smart businesses do not look at labor costs alone anymore. They do look at market access, transportation, telecommunications infrastructure and the education and skill level of the workforce, the development of capital and the regulatory market.;Janet Napolitano;alone
Your Majesty, I took the liberty because I was so desirous of visiting alone with you for a few minutes before the rest of the other peasants arrived.;Walter Annenberg;alone
If you talk to geneticists they are constantly finding that your genes are being switched on and off because of the environment. Genes alone do not determine an exact path in your life.;Jeffrey Eugenides;alone
Yes, I am seeking a husband. As soon as the right man asks me, I shall say, It is not good for a woman to live alone.;Anna Held;alone
I knew I was alone in a way that no earthling has ever been before.;Michael Collins;alone
Other nations use 'force' we Britons alone use 'Might'.;Evelyn Waugh;alone
With 'Twilight,' you have these massive tomes that you have to condense. With 'Penoza,' we had an eight episode Dutch series that, just for the pilot alone, I condensed three episodes. So, there's a lot of filling in and a ton of invention that has to happen to fill out eight episodes.;Melissa Rosenberg;alone
Is there no Latin word for Tea? Upon my soul, if I had known that I would have let the vulgar stuff alone.;Hilaire Belloc;alone
For me the Anita series is built like a mystery series, which means that as much as possible each book stands alone, so you have a mystery to solve from the beginning to the end of the book.;Laurell K. Hamilton;alone
It helps to be able to be alone. 'Cuz writing is done alone, unless you collaborate, but I don't do that. Ask my ex-wife.;Dirk Benedict;alone
My favorite thing is to be alone in a room with a blank paper in front of me and the time to fill it.;Dirk Benedict;alone
The question of whether or to what extent human activities are causing global warming is not a matter of ideology, let alone of belief. The issue is simply one of risk management.;Malcolm Turnbull;alone
Once you grow past Mommy and Daddy coming running when you're hurt, you're really on your own. You're alone, and there's no one to help you.;Octavia Butler;alone
The only people who like to live alone more than comics are priests.;Colin Quinn;alone
I feel most empires fell when they started to act human, but then look at Russia. They kept a pretty strong hand, and they fell from Afghanistan alone because Afghanistan is the graveyard of empires. I guess you just can't sustain it.;Colin Quinn;alone
I like my life alone.;Sarah Silverman;alone
By 2050, the Australian population is expected to grow from 22 million to 36 million. That increase alone will put huge pressure on our towns and our cities. We will need more homes, more roads, more rail lines, more hospitals, more schools, just to accommodate so many Australians.;Kevin Rudd;alone
Very few people are original. There's very little original anything out there. Because to be original means you have to stand alone.;Susan Powter;alone
Californians invented the concept of life-style. This alone warrants their doom.;Don DeLillo;alone
He travels fastest who travels alone, and that goes double for she. Real feminism is spinsterhood.;Florence King;alone
The Lord had the wonderful advantage of being able to work alone.;Kofi Annan;alone
Your life is yours and yours alone. Rise up and live it.;Terry Goodkind;alone
By far the greatest part of those goods which are the objects of desire, are procured by labour and they may be multiplied, not in one country alone, but in many, almost without any assignable limit, if we are disposed to bestow the labour necessary to obtain them.;David Ricardo;alone
Trust him not with your secrets, who, when left alone in your room, turns over your papers.;Johann Kaspar Lavater;alone
You may tell a man thou art a fiend, but not your nose wants blowing to him alone who can bear a thing of that kind, you may tell all.;Johann Kaspar Lavater;alone
Between 1910 and 1950 approximately 350 lives of Jesus were published in the English language alone.;John Clayton;alone
You watch a hockey game, and the hand-eye coordination and the speed is really miraculous how those guys track the puck alone, just following it with their eyes.;Liev Schreiber;alone
I never wanted to go on stage alone because if you mess up, who can you blame?;Patti LaBelle;alone
I don't know much about only children. I was the middle one of three, and if ever I was alone with mum and dad, it was a rare moment.;Elizabeth Hurley;alone
Now, on nights that I can't sleep, I play video games alone until the morning.;Namie Amuro;alone
Why can't everybody leave everybody else the hell alone.;Jimmy Durante;alone
I don't wanna hear nobody complain that they're getting paid all this money and people won't leave them alone. It's part of it.;Mark Wahlberg;alone
It's very hard to write a song alone. It's only by jamming that you can get a song together.;Maurice Gibb;alone
I was able to support myself by acting alone about six years ago. Until then, I was just scraping by.;Edie Falco;alone
Eagles commonly fly alone. They are crows, daws, and starlings that flock together.;John Webster;alone
I like being alone and I think this movie, as much as it is an investigation of connection and people bonding, I also think it's just as much about loneliness.;Jason Schwartzman;alone
I am very averse to bringing myself forward in print, but as my account will only appear as an appendage to a former production, and as it will be confined to such topics as have connection with my authorship alone, I can hardly accuse myself of a personal intrusion.;Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley;alone
The secret to being a writer is that you have to write. It's not enough to think about writing or to study literature or plan a future life as an author. You really have to lock yourself away, alone, and get to work.;Augusten Burroughs;alone
When I was old enough to go to movies alone, I got to see 'Frankenstein' and 'Dracula' on the big screen. I just fell in love with them.;George A. Romero;alone
Autobiography begins with a sense of being alone. It is an orphan form.;John Berger;alone
Young people discovering their sexuality must know they walk with a strong tradition and that they are not alone. They have a right to information without being pressured.;Jasmine Guy;alone
Laws are generally found to be nets of such a texture, as the little creep through, the great break through, and the middle-sized are alone entangled in it.;William Shenstone;alone
The athlete of today is not an athlete alone. He's the center of a team - doctors, scientists, coaches, agents and so on.;Emil Zatopek;alone
I don't treat the band like I'm above them or that they're a hired hand for me. We've never worked that way. So I'm a team player. I would be very uncomfortable having to do this alone.;Tom Petty;alone
It is said that man doesn't live by bread alone. Sometimes this is unfortunate, because people who cannot live by bread alone too often kill other people in consequence of the fights they get into.;John McCarthy;alone
For an adult, eating alone at McDonald's is admitting a kind of defeat.;Jonathan Carroll;alone
