I am playing the violin, that's all I know, nothing else, no education, no nothing. You just practice every day.;Itzhak Perlman;education
Education can lift individuals out of poverty and into rewarding careers.;Christine Gregoire;education
America's growth historically has been fueled mostly by investment, education, productivity, innovation and immigration. The one thing that doesn't seem to have anything to do with America's growth rate is a brutal work schedule.;Fareed Zakaria;education
Giving women education, work, the ability to control their own income, inherit and own property, benefits the society. If a woman is empowered, her children and her family will be better off. If families prosper, the village prospers, and eventually so does the whole country.;Isabel Allende;education
My parents came from a poor background and worked their way up because of education. They saw it as a way to succeed. So they cared about me getting straight A grades when I was growing up.;Jennifer Garner;education
We all have a responsibility to volunteer somewhere and I'm lucky that I get the education and get taken to places to see what's out there and see what's happening and to then be a part of it in hopefully an impactful way.;Jennifer Garner;education
My mom grew up in poverty in Oklahoma - like Dust Bowl, nine people in one room kind of place - and the way she got out of poverty was through education. My dad grew up without a dad, with very little and he also made his way out through education.;Jennifer Garner;education
My mom was really vigorous about making sure that we saw things and that we questioned things. Education was so important to both of my parents.;Jennifer Garner;education
I think an education is not only important, it is the most important thing you can do with your life.;Dean Kamen;education
I also tell them that your education can take you way farther than a football, baseball, track, or basketball will - that's just the bottom line.;Bo Jackson;education
If you have four years to complete your college education, do it.;Bo Jackson;education
Strange as it may seem, no amount of learning can cure stupidity, and formal education positively fortifies it.;Stephen Vizinczey;education
It is therefore not unreasonable to suppose that some portion of the neglect of science in England, may be attributed to the system of education we pursue.;Charles Babbage;education
The older I grow the more I see the influence of my family on my life. I didn't always see it. It was up to our parents to see that we had our education in a town that hadn't yet realized what racial prejudice was but actually knew and practiced it on occasion.;Katherine Dunham;education
But to me the bottom line is the more education you can give yourself, and the more preparation you can do, the less chance of failing.;Stuart Pearce;education
Education is important because, first of all, people need to know that discrimination still exists. It is still real in the workplace, and we should not take that for granted.;Alexis Herman;education
I'm no politician. I'm an historian who has learned through a lifetime of studying that nothing in the world beats universal education.;Stephen Ambrose;education
A person like myself, born and raised in the inner city of Atlanta, Georgia, to lower-middle-class parents. But I had the opportunity to get an education, to go and earn a commission in the United States Army, to serve for 22 years, to lead men and women in combat.;Allen West;education
Education is for improving the lives of others and for leaving your community and world better than you found it.;Marian Wright Edelman;education
Unless children have strong education and strong families and strong communities and decent housing, it's not enough to go sit in at a lunch counter.;Marian Wright Edelman;education
With Michigan's economic future on the line, we can't afford to have our 500 local school districts marching in different directions. Instead, we need a high standards, mandatory curriculum to get all our students on the road to higher education and a good paying job.;Jennifer Granholm;education
To compete in a global economy, our students must continue their education beyond high school. To make this expectation a reality, we must give students the tools they need to succeed, including the opportunity to take a college entrance exam.;Jennifer Granholm;education
I was blessed to have a mother and father that recognized the value of education.;Jeb Bush;education
I don't know if I'm a national education figure.;Jeb Bush;education
Over the next two years UNICEF will focus on improving access to and the quality of education to provide children who have dropped out of school or who work during school hours the opportunity to gain a formal education!;Roger Moore;education
I had the most reversed education possible. Every parent wants their son to be a businessman, respectable - me, it was the opposite. When I had an artist career my mum was like, 'Oh finally, I'm proud of you!';David Guetta;education
Education is when you read the fine print. Experience is what you get if you don't.;Pete Seeger;education
Religion is the solid basis of good morals therefore education should teach the precepts of religion, and the duties of man toward God.;Gouverneur Morris;education
I think Democrats are right. We fight for the American dream, for the environment, for privacy rights, a woman's right to choose, a good public education system.;Barbara Boxer;education
In his first year in office, President Obama pulled us back from the brink of the greatest economic crisis since the Great Depression and worked to lay a new foundation for economic growth. The president identified three key strategies to build that lasting prosperity: innovation, investment, and education.;Tom Vilsack;education
Americans are a decade behind Canada when it comes to sex education and understanding their bodies.;Sue Johanson;education
The zeitgeist is for cutting spending and balancing the budget. But I do not want the Republican Party to be perceived as putting the budget ahead of people, jobs and education.;Jack Kemp;education
Most everything I do revolves around tae kwon do. That said, I like to be a typical girl and go shopping. I have three nieces and nephews that I like to hang out with. I'm also finishing my last semester at the University of Houston, where I'm majoring in childhood education.;Diana Lopez;education
So I was shampooing at 14. But I've always thought that had I the opportunity for an education, I would have been an architect. There's no question about it.;Vidal Sassoon;education
Racism cannot be cured solely by attacking some of the results it produces, like discrimination in housing or in education.;Sargent Shriver;education
A good education is that which prepares us for our future sphere of action and makes us contented with that situation in life in which God, in his infinite mercy, has seen fit to place us, to be perfectly resigned to our lot in life, whatever it may be.;Ann Plato;education
It takes most men five years to recover from a college education, and to learn that poetry is as vital to thinking as knowledge.;Brooks Atkinson;education
No other investment yields as great a return as the investment in education. An educated workforce is the foundation of every community and the future of every economy.;Brad Henry;education
You have to go through the falling down in order to learn to walk. It helps to know that you can survive it. That's an education in itself.;Carol Burnett;education
It would be nice if education was free to everyone who wanted it, but that's not the world we live in.;Glenda Jackson;education
Education is the mother of leadership.;Wendell Willkie;education
I made education the highest priority of my campaign - actually education and jobs - and the reason is a simple one: I think the future of America depends on it.;Charles Schumer;education
So I want my kids to go to public schools because I think it's a better education overall.;Charles Schumer;education
It was a way out of poverty. It was a way to success. It was a way to education. And it was a way to a brighter day for me.;Little Richard;education
And I do believe that the way to change a society, to uplift people - not just their spirit, but to uplift their society and economic base - is through education.;Rainn Wilson;education
Now the main areas of higher education that still enjoy considerable financial support from government are subjects like engineering and science and the research ringfence which is the basic minimum to protect Britain's scientific competitiveness.;Vince Cable;education
For wide swaths of training and education there are valuable spillovers which mean that the private sector needs support from the government. That is why I have been so determined to protect and grow apprenticeships and put higher education on a sustainable footing.;Vince Cable;education
Violence is black children going to school for 12 years and receiving 6 years' worth of education.;Julian Bond;education
I wanted to acquire an education, work extremely hard and never deviate from my goal, to make it.;Taylor Caldwell;education
If the Liberals' law is passed, will sex education in the schools, including elementary grades, include the same portrayals of sexual activity which presently exist in heterosexual instruction? Will there be the same presentation of homosexual activity? Of course there will.;Stockwell Day;education
Environmental concern is now firmly embedded in public life: in education, medicine and law in journalism, literature and art.;Barry Commoner;education
When a woman earns a dollar, the payback is higher. She'll invest in her children, in their education, health care, and basic needs. The impact of a woman's role in the economy benefits society at large.;Andrea Jung;education
My background was computer science and business school, so eventually I worked my way up where I was running product groups - development, testing, marketing, user education.;Melinda Gates;education
You should be able to afford health care for your family. You should be able to retire with dignity and respect. And you should be able to give your children the kind of education that allows them to dream even bigger, go even farther and accomplish even more than you could ever imagine.;Cory Booker;education
Head Start graduates are more likely to graduate from high school and less likely to need special education, repeat a grade, or commit crimes in adolescence.;Joe Baca;education
As a proud Catholic, I know the impact that faith-based education can have in our society and have witnessed it first hand in my district.;Joe Baca;education
Catholic schools in our Nation's education have been paramount in teaching the values that we as parents seek to instill in our children.;Joe Baca;education
Is education possibly a process of trading awareness for things of lesser worth? The goose who trades his is soon a pile of feathers.;Aldo Leopold;education
It is, of course, further indication that a fundamentalist right has really taken over much of the Republican Party, People might cite George Bush as proof that you can be totally impervious to the effects of Harvard and Yale education.;Barney Frank;education
Whatever education I got was from experience and reading. But I also realize I wouldn't pass my friend's sixth-grade class.;Michelle Williams;education
Let us not, in the eagerness of our haste to educate, forget all the ends of education.;William Godwin;education
Realizing that the majority of kids that get molested feel that it is their fault, along with shame, those kids have no idea what to say or do to try to report anything, and add that with the lack of education, it is a complete recipe for disaster that leads to non-reporting of molestation.;Sherri Shepherd;education
I feel sorry sometimes for these sportsmen and women who put in just as much effort as the footballers. For example, athletes train at least as hard as footballers but have to be happy if they can earn enough to finance a decent education.;Angela Merkel;education
The real solution is to improve the incomes of the poor and provide their children with decent education.;Carol Bellamy;education
The question is, will we continue to fight what may be a rearguard action to defend universal literacy as a central goal of our education system, or are we bold enough to see what's actually happening to our culture?;Hugh Mackay;education
My mother was born on a tiny farm in County Mayo. She was meant to stay at home and look after the farm while her brother and sister got an education. However, she came to England on a visit and never went back.;Julie Walters;education
There were all us baby boomers who had a grammar school education, started to learn, then went on the pill, the whole thing, and so there are today a lot more women writers, editors, producers, and so a lot more women's stories. God, the BBC's practically run by women.;Julie Walters;education
I don't feel I'm qualified to be a coach outside the high school level. I think I would need to do more education to really be a good coach.;Carl Lewis;education
I use every single thing that Alfred Hitchcock taught me in my acting career... I am very grateful for the education he gave me in making motion pictures.;Tippi Hedren;education
You go to Scandinavia, and you will find that people have a much higher standard of living, in terms of education, health care and decent paying jobs.;Bernie Sanders;education
My parents were keen for me to have the education they themselves never had. They weren't able to guide me towards particular books, but they encouraged me to read, which I did, randomly and compulsively.;Ian Mcewan;education
Misdirected focus on paperwork, on procedures, and on bureaucracy frustrates teachers and fails to give children the education they need.;Christopher Bond;education
Education in our times must try to find whatever there is in students that might yearn for completion, and to reconstruct the learning that would enable them autonomously to seek that completion.;Allan Bloom;education
Of all the public services, education is the one I'm most interested in. You get a more dynamic economy, you deal with most social problems, and it's morally right.;George Osborne;education
The progress of freedom depends more upon the maintenance of peace, the spread of commerce, and the diffusion of education, than upon the labors of cabinets and foreign offices.;Richard Cobden;education
Through first-class education, a generation marches down the long uncertain road of the future with confidence.;Wynton Marsalis;education
Education is extremely important to the Hispanic community, as well as faith, and certainly working hard.;Luis Fortuno;education
Education must, be not only a transmission of culture but also a provider of alternative views of the world and a strengthener of the will to explore them.;Jerome Bruner;education
Sex education has to do with what's in people's head.;Donna Shalala;education
We need to drive down requirements for the schools. In the 19th century, we increased the quality of the schools by higher education saying, 'You can't come in unless you have these skills, unless you've taken these courses.' We did that in Wisconsin when I was there, it helped to transform the secondary school system.;Donna Shalala;education
Higher education is one of few areas where this country competes with the rest of the world and wins. The best of American higher education outstrips any in the world. Look where the rest of the world goes for higher education, for graduate degrees. They come here.;Donna Shalala;education
Access to computers and the Internet has become a basic need for education in our society.;Kent Conrad;education
My parents discussed singing every night over the dinner table I had a tremendous music education.;Renee Fleming;education
Let's remember the children who come from broken homes, surrounded by crime, drugs, temptation, their peers having babies out of wedlock, but who still manage to get a good education despite the many obstacles they face every day.;Armstrong Williams;education
The best method for preventing destructive cult involvement is preventative education. If students and the public at large are more aware of destructive groups beforehand they may better understand and resist their recruitment efforts.;Rick Ross;education
The government has convinced parents that at some point it's no longer their responsibility. And in fact, they force them, in many respects, to turn their children over to the public education system and wrest control from them and block them out of participation of that. That has to change or education will not improve in this country.;Rick Santorum;education
In Britain, the centrally prescribed welfare to work system short-changes the young unemployed. Transport, housing and education are over centralised.;David Miliband;education
I'm very jealous of my daughter's education. She's been inspired by her teachers, and nobody inspired me as a teenager.;Jenny Eclair;education
My parents grew up working class, but in that way that working class families do, they spent a fortune on education to better me.;Graham Norton;education
Some of the things I think I learned from that were very educational as far as just paying bills - the basics in dealing with a restaurant like that. It was just life - the education involved in running the organization, even on a small level.;Todd English;education
In education, they say either property taxes have to go up, or we'll have poor education - that's a false choice.;Scott Walker;education
When you have strict censorship of the internet, young students cannot receive a full education. Their view of the world is imbalanced. There can be no true discussion of the issues.;Ai Weiwei;education
I decided to study special education and fell in love with working with individuals with autism. That's what I planned to do with my life.;Clay Aiken;education
Education is a precondition to survival in America today.;Marian Wright Edelman;education
I'm sure I am impatient sometimes. I sure do get angry sometimes. I think it's outrageous how hard it is to get this country to feed its children and to take care of its children, to give them a decent education.;Marian Wright Edelman;education
Ignorance and a narrow education lay the foundation of vice, and imitation and custom rear it up.;Mary Astell;education
The Constitution was written by 55 educated and highly intelligent men in Philadelphia in 1787, but it was written so that it could be understood by people of limited education and modest intelligence.;John Jay Hooker;education
The gap in education in this country, the unfairness of the schools, is one of the great unfairness in this society.;Gaston Caperton;education
One of the greatest obstacles to escaping poverty is the staggering cost of higher education.;Chris Van Hollen;education
