I respect people who feel things passionately. I do. But when someone is a judge, that is not what they should bring to the bench. It is not really passion, except in rare instances, that serves the bench well. It is, rather, an ability to understand the law and follow it.;Charles Schumer;respect
I think I've earned a certain level of respect, based on my accomplishments and my consistency.;Curt Schilling;respect
In our culture we have such respect for musical instruments, they are like part of God.;Ravi Shankar;respect
I want to say with the utmost of sincerity, not as a Republican, but as an American, that I have great respect for Senator Obama's historic achievement to become his party's nominee, not because of his color, but with indifference to it.;Mike Huckabee;respect
I have learned to respect ideas, wherever they come from. Often they come from clients. Account executives often have big creative ideas, regardless of what some writers think.;Leo Burnett;respect
You should be able to afford health care for your family. You should be able to retire with dignity and respect. And you should be able to give your children the kind of education that allows them to dream even bigger, go even farther and accomplish even more than you could ever imagine.;Cory Booker;respect
In the spiritual body moreover, man appears such as he is with respect to love and faith, for everyone in the spiritual world is the effigy of his own love, not only as to the face and the body, but also as to the speech and the actions.;Emanuel Swedenborg;respect
There are forms of art that I might not like to do myself, but I still have respect for the artists who create it.;Vanessa Paradis;respect
Instead, in the absence of respect for human rights, science and its offspring technology have been used in this century as brutal instruments for oppression.;John Charles Polanyi;respect
I have so much respect for people in the theater. You can't do 10 or 15 takes. It's all live. It's like life in motion.;Puff Daddy;respect
In the United States, we do a pretty good job of protecting iconic landscapes and postcard views, but the ocean gets no respect.;Jeff Goodell;respect
The valor and courage of our young women and men in the armed services are a shining example to all of the world, and we owe them and their families our deepest respect.;Bill Frist;respect
Responsibility and respect of others and their religious beliefs are also part of freedom.;Horst Koehler;respect
As a politician, you have to deal with someone wanting you to fail every day. I think I prefer being in a situation where generally people are rooting for me, and if they aren't rooting for me, they aren't out there to see my downfall. I respect the people who have the stomach for it.;John Legend;respect
Respect commands itself and can neither be given nor withheld when it is due.;Eldridge Cleaver;respect
I think we can get respect for Parliament back providing governments and oppositions are frank.;John Major;respect
All the actors I respect, especially old-Hollywood actors, the reason I think so many of them have had long careers is that there is a sort of mystery about them. You don't know what they do on Friday nights when they go home from work. You have no clue. You have this sort of fantasy about them.;Kate Mara;respect
In fact I am quite snappy and irritable, and I don't know if I'd like to make myself worse in that respect.;Nigella Lawson;respect
I don't want or need to gain respect with what I do off the court. I want respect for what I do on the court.;Vince Carter;respect
I dress up a certain way because I respect the music.;Wynton Marsalis;respect
I actually have more respect for people who are in the closet. You end up exposing so much of yourself because you have to talk about your sexual life. You shouldn't have to talk about it.;Randy Harrison;respect
Americanism demands loyalty to the teacher and respect for his lesson.;Bainbridge Colby;respect
It is through accepting other people in our own countries that we shall come to respect our neighbours and be respected in our turn.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;respect
I want to establish a wide range and play all kinds of parts. It's that sort of acting career I really respect. I like to turn a sharp left from whatever I've done before because that keeps me awake. That's why I want to be an actor - I don't want to play endless variations on one character.;Tim Curry;respect
To our Palestinian neighbours, I assure you that we have a genuine intention to respect your right to live independently and in dignity. I have already said that Israel has no desire to continue to govern over you and control your fate.;Ariel Sharon;respect
Someone's career that I admire would have to be Justin Timberlake's because he started off on Disney and he made this huge film career and huge solo music career. I really respect him as an artist.;Victoria Justice;respect
I look up to Mick Jagger because he's an amazing performer and he's such an individual. I respect him and admire him eternally.;Victoria Justice;respect
One thing that I feel very, very strongly is that we talk about Islamic countries, Islamic people, Islamic leaders, as either moderates or extremists. It's almost like there are only two categories of Muslims. And actually, that doesn't show respect. It shows lack of understanding of the diversity of Muslim thought.;David Miliband;respect
Everyone needs solitude, especially a person who is used to thinking about what she experiences. Solitude is very important in my work as a mode of inspiration, but isolation is not good in this respect. I am not writing poetry about isolation.;Wislawa Szymborska;respect
Solitude is very important in my work as a mode of inspiration, but isolation is not good in this respect. I am not writing poetry about isolation.;Wislawa Szymborska;respect
I admire the Elsie Tanners and Barbara Windsors of the world: people who have crawled back from the abyss. I'm quite camp in that respect.;Jenny Eclair;respect
Somebody who's really comfortable with who she is and doesn't care what other people think. I like women who are really strong and were brought up to be comfortable with themselves and respect themselves.;Brian Austin Green;respect
I don't have to participate in another culture's ceremonies in order to respect that culture.;Sherman Alexie;respect
The writers I respect the most had an undying commitment to a vision.;Jewel;respect
I learn something from criticism because when it comes from sources you respect you always examine it and learn.;Maurice Strong;respect
People respect you more if you just play and blow something out than if you take the easier road. That's how we think. You get more respect and people play harder for you. Just play till you blow it. Just play till it goes.;Terry Bradshaw;respect
I undertake that, in the exercise of my functions of that office I will have regard to any guidance with respect to ethical standards issued by the secretary of state under Section 66 of the Greater London Authority Act 1999.;Kenneth Robert Livingstone;respect
Eisenhower was my war hero and the President I admire and respect most.;Ethel Merman;respect
I don't think there's any independent cartoonist whose stuff I don't like or respect in at least some way or another. We're all marginal laborers - we're practically medical oddities - so I don't see why we can't all be nice to each other.;Chris Ware;respect
I want there to be a level of respect between everybody.;Kenny Chesney;respect
How can a Man respect his Wife when he has a contemptible Opinion of her and her Sex?;Mary Astell;respect
The beliefs I was raised with - to respect animals and to be aware of nature, to understand that we share this planet with other creatures - have had a huge impact on me.;Stella McCartney;respect
Success turns a lot of people off. I have a pretty solid sense of joy and respect that irritates people, and can irritate me, too.;Dave Matthews;respect
You know, I've carried a weapon for 10 years, never shot anybody, never robbed anybody. It has saved my life twice, but I know they're not toys. I practice with firearms, I enjoy shooting, it's a hobby of mine and I have a healthy respect for them.;Luke Scott;respect
I'm a person that doesn't have that many goals or plans. I feel like I'm the wind and I blow through life it's whatever comes to me. I very much respect nature. Whatever happens to me, I'm happy and I embrace it.;Bai Ling;respect
The Bee Gees, to us, was the three brothers. In Maurice's name, we would respect that and not be the Bee Gees anymore.;Robin Gibb;respect
I have a new found respect for women who have been through breast cancer and this surgery.;Giuliana Rancic;respect
I do not like sports, unless you consider treating all humankind with love and respect a sport.;Todd Barry;respect
I understand the Second Amendment. I respect the Second Amendment. I think we need to use common sense tools to keep the American people safe, to keep our streets safe.;Eric Holder;respect
More than anything, I think as our country matures, we recognize that women deserve to be treated with respect and dignity.;Barbara Boxer;respect
To win the cause we all believe in, the spread of true democracy all over the world, we need to win by example, not just with speeches but by example not just with military might but by gaining the respect of the world.;Barbara Boxer;respect
Anyone who can do the splits and come back up on the backbeat, as James Brown and Prince can, has my eternal respect. Prince, who is a genius of the highest order, can come back up while singing and playing the guitar.;Bill Nighy;respect
Above all, we must have great respect for these people who also suffer and who want to find their own way of correct living. On the other hand, to create a legal form of a kind of homosexual marriage, in reality, does not help these people.;Joseph Ratzinger;respect
To be selected was an honor, and in respect of the family member chosen to run, families held feasts and gave away prized beaver coats, quilled tobacco bags and buffalo hides.;Dennis Banks;respect
In the book I define conservatism, as I believe it is fit upon four categories of principle: respect for The Constitution, respect for life, less government, and personal responsibility.;Jonathan Krohn;respect
I was not afraid of the press or the militants. It was uncomfortable, but I was not afraid. With respect to the press, I knew I knew more than they knew about city matters. With respect to the militants, I understood it. I mean, everybody believed in those days that they were being screwed, you know, that somebody was getting ahead of them.;Ed Koch;respect
The key to making healthy decisions is to respect your future self. Honor him or her. Treat him or her like you would treat a friend or a loved one. A Stanford study showed that those who saw a photo of their future self made smarter financial decisions.;A. J. Jacobs;respect
I haven't had an orthodox career, and I've wanted more than anything to have your respect. The first time I didn't feel it, but this time I feel it, and I can't deny the fact that you like me, right now, you like me!;Sally Field;respect
I love Johnny Cash, and I respect Johnny Cash. He's the biggest. He's like an Elvis in this business, but no, he's never been the rebel.;Waylon Jennings;respect
Love of our neighbour, then, has just the same respect to, is no more distant from, self-love, than hatred of our neighbour, or than love or hatred of anything else.;Joseph Butler;respect
I believe that the fight against crime starts in the home. Parents must take responsibility for their children and show them love and guidance from an early age so they learn to respect the rights of others.;Blanche Lincoln;respect
I have very little respect for Nancy Reagan. There is something about her that is very petty.;Walter Annenberg;respect
I have a great deal of respect and admiration for people who put themselves on the line.;Major Owens;respect
There are some people whose opinion I value and respect and it would be very bothersome if I forfeited their respect. But the general public? I'm not preoccupied with the opinions of others.;Conrad Black;respect
The owner of the New York Yankees, Mr. George Steinbrenner who I had the greatest respect for, I want to thank him for giving me the opportunity to win that special ring in 1996.;Wade Boggs;respect
There are lots of people I admire and respect, but I don't necessarily want to be like them. I'm to happy being myself.;James D'arcy;respect
I'll work with a director if I think I'm going to get into a comfortable situation, and if it's someone I respect and who respects me, even if they're not so well known. Movies are hard to make, and you have to work toward a common ethic and do your best.;Robert De Niro;respect
There is a deep affection in Australia for the Queen. And I mean the Queen's been the Queen ever since I was born. I mean she is part of the firmament of Australia's sort of national life there's a deep respect for her role.;Kevin Rudd;respect
You can't respect yourself if you're afraid to be who you are.;Amber Heard;respect
Managers have very tough jobs. I always respected their job but demanded respect in return.;Jim Evans;respect
We will be safer from terrorist attack only when we have earned the respect of all other nations instead of their fear, respect for our values and not merely our weapons.;Theodore C. Sorensen;respect
As an actor, you really want to respect and honor the script. You want to try to be in the moment and you also realize that you're one part of a bigger picture and when they call action, you have your dance.;Carrie-Anne Moss;respect
In England, with all due respect, we have some of the plainest actresses in the entire world as our greatest.;Minnie Driver;respect
I respect the office of the president.;Jan Brewer;respect
The great rule of moral conduct is next to God, respect time.;Johann Kaspar Lavater;respect
No, it's interesting to remake a film for the contemporary audience today. I think it's a good idea it needs to respect the original idea. Don't just take the title and change everything else.;Dario Argento;respect
Perhaps I seek certain utopian things, space for human honour and respect, landscapes not yet offended, planets that do not exist yet, dreamed landscapes.;Werner Herzog;respect
Respect for the truth comes close to being the basis for all morality.;Frank Herbert;respect
I find it hard to take rock groups very seriously or treat them with respect. There is something absurd about these gloomy young men getting together and banging away.;Robert Wyatt;respect
I truly respect the people who are working. If they want an autograph from Patti LaBelle, they are going to get it. I have never separated myself from them. I never think you are better than the next one.;Patti LaBelle;respect
Whenever I go out, so many people who respect me ask me what to do in a certain situation. A lot of times, I didn't know the answers because sometimes I was going through the same sort of thing. But then later on, I would think of things that people told me.;Patti LaBelle;respect
The twentieth century has exhibited a barbarism and lack of respect for human life on a massive scale just about unknown before.;Ron Silver;respect
When you have fans who are hassling you the entire game and you ignore them, they respect you because their job is to try and distract you. And if they don't distract you, that means you're focused on doing your job. And who knows, by the end, sometimes you even win them over.;Robert Griffin III;respect
Respect talent. Get respect where respect is due, but don't be caught up in yourself where you do things obliviously and not pay attention to what is going on.;Robert Griffin III;respect
The new republic should be based on diversity, respect and equal rights for all.;Evo Morales;respect
The relationship between the government of the United States and social and indigenous movements has always been difficult. Not just in Bolivia but worldwide. We need to have bilateral relations characterized by mutual respect.;Evo Morales;respect
I have found that the players who have played in that game really do have respect for their adversaries.;Darrell Royal;respect
We respect opposition to any position or policy. But we believe that the opinion that should prevail and be respected is that of the majority.;King Hussein I;respect
Respect and affection for animals, particularly those who share our homes, recognize no geographic borders.;Nick Clooney;respect
He's a legend and I respect his work, so I went down and paid my respects when Charlton was on the set. He was nice but I think he lied a little. He said it was an honour to be in a movie with me, but I don't believe it.;Mark Wahlberg;respect
I have a feeling that being in love sometimes means the projection of your desires onto another person. The important thing is that you like the other person, respect the other person and want to raise children with the other person.;Eric Braeden;respect
I remember the evacuee children from towns and cities throwing stones at the farm animals. When we explained that if you did that you wouldn't have any milk, meat or eggs, they soon learned to respect the animals.;Mary Wesley;respect
I hope that tomorrow we can all, wherever we are, join in expressing our grief at Diana's loss, and gratitude for her all-too-short life. It is a chance to show to the whole world the British nation united in grief and respect.;Queen Elizabeth II;respect
We don't do drugs, drink or use profanity. Instead we instill morals and values in my boys by raising them with a love of God and a love and respect for themselves and all people. I believe they will have a chance.;Anita Baker;respect
In order to gain the respect of your players in the locker room, you can't just perform on Saturday. You have to do it consistently during practices, meetings, and in the weight room.;Junior Seau;respect
There are people who drove me crazy, but they got the job done. And when I see that person again, I nod my head. Respect.;Bill Murray;respect
My stories are about humans and how they react, or fail to react, or react stupidly. I'm pointing the finger at us, not at the zombies. I try to respect and sympathize with the zombies as much as possible.;George A. Romero;respect
I hate going out in Brighton now. It's different in London. People respect you more there.;Katie Price;respect
I've never met a person who has more integrity than my husband. I respect that. There's his humor and intelligence, too, and he's really cute, all those things - but if you don't respect your partner, you'll get sick of him.;Michelle Pfeiffer;respect
