One reason we resist making deliberate choices is that choice equals change and most of us, feeling the world is unpredictable enough, try to minimise the trauma of change in our personal lives.;Hugh Mackay;change
That man is a creature who needs order yet yearns for change is the creative contradiction at the heart of the laws which structure his conformity and define his deviancy.;Freda Adler;change
We're not trying to change the world just music.;Jonathan Davis;change
I feel we live in the kind of culture now where you have to be very smart to navigate the right way, and I just don't have those smarts. I think with age and time it will change, but I can't obsess about it.;Sienna Miller;change
I wouldn't change a single thing, because one change alters every moment that follows it.;Sidney Poitier;change
The first resistance to social change is to say it's not necessary.;Gloria Steinem;change
Our economic system, run for profit and waste and based primarily on the extractive industries, is the cause of climate change. We have wasted the earth's treasure and we can no longer exploit it cheaply.;Vivienne Westwood;change
You can love more than one person in your life, but things will be different. There'll be a different dynamic. Needs and desires change.;Francesca Annis;change
Excellent firms don't believe in excellence - only in constant improvement and constant change.;Tom Peters;change
I don't have clear-cut positions. I get baffled by things. I have viewpoints. Sometimes they change.;Annie Lennox;change
Change of fashion is the tax levied by the industry of the poor on the vanity of the rich.;Nicolas Chamfort;change
Creative thinking inspires ideas. Ideas inspire change.;Barbara Januszkiewicz;change
I think it true that, you know, sometimes things start to change even before a government changes and, actually, I think you can begin to see even the Labour machine beginning to understand that it has become over-reliant on targets and processes, that local governments have been over-bossed and bullied.;David Cameron;change
We have the character of an island nation: independent, forthright, passionate in defence of our sovereignty. We can no more change this British sensibility than we can drain the English Channel. And because of this sensibility, we come to the European Union with a frame of mind that is more practical than emotional.;David Cameron;change
The biggest danger to the European Union comes not from those who advocate change, but from those who denounce new thinking as heresy. In its long history Europe has experience of heretics who turned out to have a point.;David Cameron;change
One new feature or fresh take can change everything.;Neil Young;change
I've had some movies that have been ridiculed, but that's OK with me. I don't feel that really defines me. Should I change who I am to be popular?;Kevin Costner;change
If we are to change our world view, images have to change. The artist now has a very important job to do. He's not a little peripheral figure entertaining rich people, he's really needed.;Vaclav Havel;change
The ultimate end of all revolutionary social change is to establish the sanctity of human life, the dignity of man, the right of every human being to liberty and well-being.;Emma Goldman;change
The challenge is not to replace Obama but with who. It's not enough to just change up the uniform, if we don't change the team and the game plan, we won't save our country.;Sarah Palin;change
Your race and gender don't change, but you can choose to change your political affiliation at will.;John Podhoretz;change
Pop culture is a reflection of social change, not a cause of social change.;John Podhoretz;change
All non-incumbent campaigns promise hope and change, but Obama took the promise to a new level of absurdity. He suggested that a vote for him would literally transform the Earth.;John Podhoretz;change
Many individuals are doing what they can. But real success can only come if there is a change in our societies and in our economics and in our politics.;David Attenborough;change
Success cannot come from standstill men. Methods change and men must change with them.;James Cash Penney;change
The Philippines is a terrible name, coming from Spain. Phillip II was the father of the inquisition, who I believe died of syphilis. It is my great regret that we didn't change the name of our country.;Imelda Marcos;change
No matter how many modern parts I do, people still refer to me as Mrs. Costume Drama. Fight Club is a studio pic, and I've done very few of those. I've got a feeling it's going to change things for me.;Helena Bonham Carter;change
I ran for president in order to be able to try to change Washington D.C. from the inside. Our federal government is broken.;Herman Cain;change
It's been really fun to see with each album when I change to see the fans of the show emulate my style and with the first record a lot of the kids in the crowd were wearing neck ties like I was and now you'll see a lot of girls with pink hair. It's cool, it's actually really neat.;Avril Lavigne;change
When fish experience something that would cause other animals physical pain, they behave in ways suggestive of pain, and the change in behaviour may last several hours.;Peter Singer;change
I learned to change my accent in England, your accent identifies you very strongly with a class, and I did not want to be held back.;Sting;change
Some say that I should settle down, go slower and not push so hard, so quickly for such transformational change. To them, I say that you misunderstand the size of the problems we face, the strength of the status quo and the urgency of the people's desire for change.;Eliot Spitzer;change
I absolutely don't care about my looks and I'm so used to them that I wouldn't change a thing. I would end up missing my defects.;Colin Firth;change
Maybe we all change over time.;Elizabeth Edwards;change
I just want people to know that if they want to change the direction of the country, they can do it, but only if they're active, informed, and engaged.;Jim DeMint;change
Some people seem to understand this - that life and change take time - but I am not one of those people.;Anne Lamott;change
I think I'm actually quite a materialistic person, I value what it takes to make a car or build a nice house. Money does change things, but how it changes people depends on how they react to it.;Roland Gift;change
I have a big fear of change, or negative change, anyway. I'm basically the same person I was when I won 'Idol,' or when I was 10.;Kelly Clarkson;change
I don't think my principles change. I think the way in which you apply those principles to modern society changes.;William Hague;change
You change with the guys you date.;Jessica Simpson;change
If a person with a bullet in Dallas can change the world, imagine a person with an idea could do.;J. Michael Straczynski;change
If a man like Malcolm X could change and repudiate racism, if I myself and other former Muslims can change, if young whites can change, then there is hope for America.;Eldridge Cleaver;change
Human memory is a marvelous but fallacious instrument. The memories which lie within us are not carved in stone not only do they tend to become erased as the years go by, but often they change, or even increase by incorporating extraneous features.;Primo Levi;change
It is well for people who think to change their minds occasionally in order to keep them clean. For those who do not think, it is best at least to rearrange their prejudices once in a while.;Luther Burbank;change
People with high blood pressure, diabetes - those are conditions brought about by life style. If you change the life style, those conditions will leave.;Dick Gregory;change
I was away from the front lines for a while this spring, living with other troops, and considerable fighting took place while I was gone. When I got ready to return to my old friends at the front I wondered if I would sense any change in them.;Ernie Pyle;change
I just don't believe that you have to come in and insult people when you want to change things.;Sydney Schanberg;change
One expected growth, change without it, the world was less, the well of inspiration dried up, the muses fled.;Charles de Lint;change
Choose your corner, pick away at it carefully, intensely and to the best of your ability and that way you might change the world.;Charles Eames;change
You look at a herd of cattle and well, they all look the same... but they know. They all have an individual personality, and those personalities change from day to day. They can have their grumpy days and their happy days and their serene days. But it's unpredictable. You can't be off in outer space when you're dealing with animals.;Chris Cooper;change
There has been a change in men's attitudes toward their clothes. Men are more aware of fashion they're not afraid of it.;Calvin Klein;change
I just like food too much, and I don't want to change. I spent so much of childhood trying to change, and I just got sick of it... I don't want to look like Britney Spears, I just don't want to. She's hideous.;Beth Ditto;change
I would not change my blest estate for all the world calls good or great.;Isaac Watts;change
Girls are taught to sing high and pretty, like Antony, not low and from the guts like Nina Simone. But we're slowly trying to change that. There are so many things we're not told growing up, and it's our true feminist responsibility to take the truth to the people who need to hear it.;Beth Ditto;change
Politics is repetition. It is not change. Change is something beyond what we call politics. Change is the essence politics is supposed to be the means to bring into being.;Kate Millett;change
If we don't like what the Republicans do, we need to get in there and change it.;Medgar Evers;change
Whether you're winning or losing, it is important to always be yourself. You can't change because of the circumstances around you.;Cotton Fitzsimmons;change
I'm trying to change the culture in New York City that's hard enough!;Michael Bloomberg;change
Set lists are tough because you come up with this structure of how the songs are going to go from one to the next, but at the same time, you have to be spontaneous and take requests and change the set list at the drop of a hat.;Billie Joe Armstrong;change
The greatest revolution in our generation is that of human beings, who by changing the inner attitudes of their minds, can change the outer aspects of their lives.;Marilyn Ferguson;change
I have found there are four steps to change. 1. You must want it. 2. You must believe it. 3. You must live it. 4. You will become it.;Glenn Beck;change
It is in the mind and the heart where we meet. It's not the body-the body will change.;Amber Valletta;change
Many people and governments share the mistaken belief that science, with new, ingenious devices and techniques, can rescue us from the troubles we face without our having to mend our ways and change our patterns of activity. This is not so.;Henry W. Kendall;change
As man sows, so shall he reap. In works of fiction, such men are sometimes converted. More often, in real life, they do not change their natures until they are converted into dust.;Charles W. Chesnutt;change
Comedians walk out, get a feel for the crowd. If it's not going good, we change directions. If we got to drag your momma into this thing, we will. Whatever we got to do.;Steve Harvey;change
Believe it or not, lots of people change their majors and abandon their dreams just to avoid a couple of math classes in college.;Danica McKellar;change
I didn't think that college math was for me. I didn't think I'd be able to hack it. And that perception of math not being for girls, not being for girls who see themselves as socially well adjusted has got to change.;Danica McKellar;change
I like to change characters and then, slowly I believe the audience treat me as, like an actor who can fight. It's not like an action star.;Jackie Chan;change
The signs of outstanding leadership appear primarily among the followers. Are the followers reaching their potential? Are they learning? Serving? Do they achieve the required results? Do they change with grace? Manage conflict?;Max de Pree;change
I'm a typical middle child. I'm the mediator. The one that makes everything OK, puts their own needs aside to make sure everybody's happy. It's hard to change your nature, even with years and years of therapy.;Jennifer Jason Leigh;change
I really think the Patriot Act violates our Constitution. It was, it is, an illegal act. The Congress, the Senate and the president cannot change the Constitution.;Peter Camejo;change
If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?;Gloria Steinem;change
Unless it's a specific accent, or something about physicality you have to change, I am generally not such a conscious actor.;Christina Ricci;change
The more specific idea of Evolution now reached is - a change from an indefinite, incoherent homogeneity to a definite, coherent heterogeneity, accompanying the dissipation of motion and integration of matter.;Herbert Spencer;change
In science the important thing is to modify and change one's ideas as science advances.;Herbert Spencer;change
The notion that Congress can change the meaning given a constitutional provision by the Court is subversive of the function of judicial review and it is not the less so because the Court promises to allow it only when the Constitution is moved to the left.;Robert Bork;change
What is amazing for a woman of my age is that I change as the world is changing-and changing very, very fast. I don't think my mother had that opportunity to change.;Jeanne Moreau;change
We're living in an era of unprecedented change, and I want to be a part of documenting it.;Ron Fournier;change
Climate change was a point of division between Obama and Republican rival Mitt Romney. The president declared climate change a global threat, acknowledged that the actions of humanity were deepening the crisis, and pledged to do something about it if elected.;Ron Fournier;change
Close elections tend to break toward the challenger because undecided voters - having held out so long against the incumbent - are by nature looking for change.;Ron Fournier;change
Obama won the presidency on the strength of his message and the skills of the messenger. Now the talk of hope and change feels out of tune when so many Americans are out of work, over-mortgaged, and worried that life will be even tougher for their children.;Ron Fournier;change
We, the people. Manifest Destiny. Conceived in liberty. Fear itself. Ask not. Morning in America. United we stand. Yes, we can. In times of great change and tumult, presidents seek to inspire beleaguered Americans by reminding them of their national identity.;Ron Fournier;change
Instead of focusing on that circumstances that you cannot change - focus strongly and powerfully on the circumstances that you can.;Joy Page;change
I think the way to change it is to handle issues individually when it's essential to do so.;Stephen Harper;change
I used to be a Catholic. I left because I object to conversion by concussion. If you don't agree with what they teach, you get clobbered over the head until you do. All that does is change the shape of the head.;Alan Alda;change
If I was a woman, I would be dressed in the same thing for a month and just change my hat and gloves. Maybe my shoes too yes, I see what you mean but, really, it's jewels that change an outfit.;Manolo Blahnik;change
I like progress but I hate change.;Jon Bon Jovi;change
All cities do face similar, significant trends in the future... most importantly global warming and climate change.;Cate Blanchett;change
A dog that has rabies probably will do things it wouldn't do if it didn't have rabies. But that doesn't change the fact that it has rabies.;John Malkovich;change
Because primarily of the power of the Internet, people of modest means can band together and amass vast sums of money that can change the world for some public good if they all agree.;William J. Clinton;change
One of the advantages of moving quickly is if you do something wrong you can change it. What technologies tend to do is they tend to make a lot of mistakes... but then we go back and aggressively attack those mistakes - and fix them. And you usually recover pretty quickly.;Marc Andreessen;change
I love change, I need it.;Rod Stewart;change
Cats don't like change without their consent.;Roger Caras;change
One of the most important things to remember about infant care is: don't change diapers in midstream.;Don Marquis;change
I like change. There's something Buddhist about it - continuous change is wonderful.;David Bailey;change
Man can certainly flee from God... but he cannot escape him. He can certainly hate God and be hateful to God, but he cannot change into its opposite the eternal love of God which triumphs even in his hate.;Karl Barth;change
It's quite nice to see that I didn't have to change who I was to reach two very different types of people.;Marc Jacobs;change
People find themselves in ruts all the time. You're in a complacent lifestyle where you work 9 to 5 and then you add a mortgage and kids. You feel trapped, but guess what, brother? You constructed that life. If you're OK with it, there's nothing wrong with that. But if you've got unease, then you've got to make a change.;Jeremy Renner;change
Many a revolution started with the actions of a few. Only 56 men signed the Declaration of Independence. A few hanging together can lead a nation to change.;Wynton Marsalis;change
