Making movies was more a reaction to not being chosen for sports. Other kids were out there playing at whatever I was off making something blow up and filming it, or making a mould of my sister's head using alginating plaster.;J. J. Abrams;movies
I don't see that many movies lately that are actually about something, that are trying to challenge something about the way that people interact.;Maggie Gyllenhaal;movies
I feel like I'm a fighter. I've fought my whole life to get to where I'm at. I like fight movies. When someone gets knocked down, I like to root for him to succeed.;Rick Schroder;movies
I appreciate a slow-burn romance. In most movies, everyone is just tearing their clothes off in the first scene.;Emily Blunt;movies
I really unfortunately don't have tons of hilarious Sundance stories, because really I am not the biggest fan of hanging out, but the reason why is because I never go see other people's movies and I think that's the way to do it.;Lizzy Caplan;movies
I was influenced when I was younger by the cartoon movies that Disney put out, like Cinderella and what not. I watched those movies over and over when I was younger and the music is ingrained into my head. Nowadays, I'm still humming the tunes. It taught me the fundamentals.;Zac Efron;movies
Movies these days have made killers into funny people. What's that all about? I've got kids and family and friends, and I don't like bad things. I don't think they're funny, and it's irresponsible to make movies that don't show you how that's not good.;Billy Bob Thornton;movies
I'm a movie nut. I go to the movies probably twice a week, and if I'm not doing anything at night, I'm usually watching a movie or two.;Dominic Monaghan;movies
I think there's a vague sense out there that movies are becoming more and more unreal. I know I've felt it.;Christopher Nolan;movies
I've always been a movie guy, movies have been my thing. I love movies, all kinds of movies.;Christopher Nolan;movies
You know when Hollywood does a great big blockbuster that really wraps you up in a world, and lets you believe in extraordinary things that move you in some way, in an almost operatic sensibility? That to me is the most fun I have at the movies.;Christopher Nolan;movies
But in the back of my mind I've always looked to the biggest-scale Hollywood movies. Because to me the most satisfying experience is of watching a movie, if it's done really well. And so that aspiration is always it for me, if I have the opportunity to do it.;Christopher Nolan;movies
To be honest, I don't enjoy watching movies much when I'm working. They tend to fall apart on me a bit.;Christopher Nolan;movies
I go to the movies at least five times a week, and after a while everything becomes a blur to me.;David Sedaris;movies
But most good movies have a gun in them.;David Sedaris;movies
Well, getting behind the camera is something I've always wanted to get involved with. Ever since I was doing movies like 'Zathura' I was very interested in all the different jobs on set and kind of soaking all the information up like a sponge.;Josh Hutcherson;movies
The way I look at it, movies are a different medium for storytelling than books.;Josh Hutcherson;movies
I love doing roles and movies that are different from each other.;Josh Hutcherson;movies
In all honesty I think that I've had a very normal life, even though I've been making movies since I was 9.;Josh Hutcherson;movies
There's definitely a large fan base for the 'Twilight' and 'Harry Potter' movies that need their next fix.;Josh Hutcherson;movies
I like simple things. I like to sneak in the theatre and watch movies. I'm a movie buff.;Justin Timberlake;movies
If I did any movies I'd have to take a break from singing, because I'd want it to be really good.;Justin Timberlake;movies
Not everybody goes to movies to get their life changed.;Samuel L. Jackson;movies
The music led to the acting. But movies aren't something you can just will yourself into. Someone has to choose you, and you have to be quite fortunate to be chosen.;Ice T;movies
I quit doing the movies because the wrestling was going so good and was so on fire during the '80s and '90s, but I was getting all these movie scripts.;Hulk Hogan;movies
Shooting this one was kind of like a two month party, we would literally play music between takes, and other movies that were shooting on our lot would play hookey, come over and hang out and stuff. We had a great time.;Mike Myers;movies
Comedy. It was just huge in my house. Peter Sellers and Alec Guinness, Monty Python and all those James Bond movies were highly regarded.;Mike Myers;movies
I grew up in Toronto and as long as I can remember, as long as there was cable, even those old cable boxes that were wired to the TV, there have been Bollywood movies on Toronto TV.;Mike Myers;movies
I really don't have any solutions and I don't like movies that do.;Charlie Kaufman;movies
I've kind of come to the conclusion that what passes for realism in movies has nothing to do with reality and that my stuff is more realistic than that.;Charlie Kaufman;movies
In a lot of movies, especially big studio ones, they're not constructed in any other way than to get people to like them and then tell their friends. It's a product.;Charlie Kaufman;movies
I'm very particular about the kind of music that I record and sing, and it would be the same way about the kind of movies that I would do.;Jason Aldean;movies
Movies, as evidenced by a chorus of protesting and celebrating Americans, influence broader trends.;Anna Deavere Smith;movies
I'm blessed to have cool roles in these big movies.;Jeremy Renner;movies
There's too much down time making movies. That leads to boredom. And that leads to trouble.;Jeremy Renner;movies
The trouble with movies as a business is that it's an art, and the trouble with movies as art is that it's a business.;Charlton Heston;movies
I find that you learn from others. It's very much about watching TV and watching movies for me and grasping that way and watching other people act.;Callan McAuliffe;movies
Most of the movies I saw growing up were viewed as totally disposable, fine for quick consumption, but they have survived 50 years and are still growing.;Manuel Puig;movies
Live theater to me is much more free than the movies or television.;Eartha Kitt;movies
The only thing I can't do is hear. I can drive, I have a life with four kids, I work on TV, I do movies, so the deafness question, is it that they want to know because, what? Not sure.;Marlee Matlin;movies
All my movies, like Revenge, are under two hours.;Tony Scott;movies
I couldn't be happier about being a part of 'Hunger Games' and to play Katniss. I have a huge responsibility to the fans of this incredible book and I don't take it lightly. I will give everything I have to these movies and to this role to make it worthy of Suzanne Collins' masterpiece.;Jennifer Lawrence;movies
I never think it's right to chew gum in front of other people, but a lot of times I'll come in for a meeting chewing gum and I'll forget I'm chewing it. Then you don't want to swallow it because it stays in your system for seven years or something, so I've asked to throw it away. I've started to wonder if that's why I didn't get certain movies.;Jennifer Lawrence;movies
I do believe that movies are subject to a million interpretations.;Oliver Stone;movies
I'm scared of scary movies.;Emma Roberts;movies
I've always wanted to get into acting, ever since I was younger. I'd put on shows for my family and run around play dress-up all the time. I think I was 4 when I told them I wanted to do movies.;Emma Roberts;movies
I've only been to high school on TV and in movies. I've never actually been to high school.;Emma Roberts;movies
I just feel like with independent movies... they're really free to do whatever they want. They're not afraid to make a statement about anything, and there's not a huge studio behind them making sure that everything is wholesome and politically correct and all that.;Emma Roberts;movies
I really like Gwyneth Paltrow a lot, as far as her career, because I think she's done a lot of small movies but she's also done great, big movies, and she's a really great actress.;Emma Roberts;movies
I love doing kind of more kiddish-oriented movies, but I also love doing adult things. And I think it's fun to do a mix.;Emma Roberts;movies
I loved the movies and I wanted to be like Marilyn Monroe. I thought she was so glamorous and everyone seemed to love her. I wanted to be like that and I told everyone I would be the next Marilyn Monroe.;Sharon Stone;movies
TV is so different from the movies. It takes a lot of stamina because you work such long hours. It is really challenging. You are learning the next day's lines while you are shooting today's scenes. I found courage I never realised I had. I hope to do more.;Sharon Stone;movies
I think I made good movies.;Jane Campion;movies
I like movies that are about real people in real time with real problems.;Josh Radnor;movies
I learned a lesson which I didn't heed: Don't put yourself in your movies. It's too much.;Josh Radnor;movies
I went through this very serious Woody Allen phase in college and a little bit after college. I still see his movies.;Josh Radnor;movies
I actually have a thing about proper nouns. They clang on my ear in a weird way when I hear them dropped into movies.;Josh Radnor;movies
When I go to movies and I love the movie, it's because it feels like it articulated something about how we're living now, and also gives me some insight into my own life. I feel actually altered after having seen it.;Josh Radnor;movies
A lot of times, we're just sold these movies that are really cynically conceived and marketed, and they just want you there opening weekend, before everybody finds out it's not so good.;Josh Radnor;movies
I didn't have any ambition to produce big mainstream popcorn movies.;Jodie Foster;movies
I'm a sci-fi girl. If I can have anything in life, I'd want tons of great science-fiction movies and stories. It's so progressive, beautiful, and imaginative.;Zoe Saldana;movies
I think as an American society, when we're paying too many taxes or dealing with war, we don't want to see sad things at the movies.;Zoe Saldana;movies
All through my life what I've loved doing is watching movies. I love the escapism of film, I love stories. So it is incredible to be able to be in them as much as I am, to see them from the first stitch in a costume to the end product.;Keira Knightley;movies
I like to play guitar, jam out, play the blues, go watch movies. I love movies.;Dane Cook;movies
I spent much of my later childhood and adolescence very, very involved and interested in art, and particularly in animated movies.;Stanislav Grof;movies
I have to say I regretted giving up animated movies.;Stanislav Grof;movies
I've had the good fortune to have a much more diverse life than most people would, professional sports and television and news and movies.;Ted Turner;movies
I love crying at romantic movies like 'The Notebook.' I'm always bawling.;Fergie;movies
I filmed seven movies in 2011 and I think that was a mistake. I pushed myself too hard and I want to be able to come to work each day and give 100 percent. I guess I found out what my boundaries are.;Anna Kendrick;movies
I'm into 'The Walking Dead,' 'Shaun of the Dead,' obviously, and I've seen all the Romero movies. I am a classic zombie queen. And I love the White Walkers on 'Game of Thrones.' Weirdly, it wasn't until pretty late in life that I found my entry point into horror films.;Anna Kendrick;movies
It's like, if you can't focus on a movie for 90 minutes without looking at your phone, then don't go to the movies! You've got some issues, so you should probably stay home and work on those issues, and not distract everyone with lights, and sounds, oh my gosh, the tapping on the screens, it makes me crazy!;Ginnifer Goodwin;movies
Sometimes I make very selfish choices like I did 'Once Upon A Time' for my inner 8-year-old and my hypothetical future child. I've done some movies because I would regret them if I didn't, but other projects I've done because they've scared me or if I felt I needed to do a big romantic comedy to help me professionally.;Ginnifer Goodwin;movies
I don't even like watching sex scenes in movies. I have a slight prudish side to me.;Portia de Rossi;movies
The one regret I have about my own abortions is that they cost money that might otherwise have been spent on something more pleasurable, like taking the kids to movies and theme parks.;Barbara Ehrenreich;movies
People called '28 Days' and '28 Weeks' zombie movies, and they're not! It's some sort of virus they're not dead.;George A. Romero;movies
All movies assault the viewer in one way or another.;Michael Haneke;movies
The movies and the parts I'm being offered are becoming better and better.;Vanessa Paradis;movies
I always hated high-school shows and high-school movies, because they were always about the cool kids. It was always about dating and sex, and all the popular kids, and the good-looking kids. And the nerds were super-nerdy cartoons, with tape on their glasses. I never saw 'my people' portrayed accurately.;Paul Feig;movies
Movies for adults sucked in the 1980s, and music for adults sucked even worse whether we're talking about Kathleen Turner flicks or Sting albums, the decade's non-teen culture has no staying power at all.;Rob Sheffield;movies
When I meet gay fans out and about, they're so great to talk to - and I'm big on hugging, because I'm from the Midwest. They're just so energetic and loving. I'm proud to have those fans, and their support means a lot to me. I don't want just girls coming to my movies I want guys to come, too!;Kellan Lutz;movies
'Immortals' is all action. I love action movies. That's really where I want to spearhead my career.;Kellan Lutz;movies
Even though I make those movies, I find myself wishing that more of those magic moments could happen in real life.;Jane Seymour;movies
I really love the independent movies and I just think that sometimes when they throw a lot of money into it and a lot of special effects and a lot of stunts that you lose the connection, the human connection and I personally love movies that are about the human connection.;Jane Seymour;movies
You know, Stephen says, in the movies no one ever goes to the bathroom. They shave, they brush their teeth. He goes right at this sort of funny taboo we have about the bathroom, and he turned it into this nightmare, you know, your worst fear of what's in there.;Lawrence Kasdan;movies
The movies that made me want to make movies were action movies, and thrillers, and Kurosawa films, you know, where you have an opportunity every day to shoot it in an unusual way. I was looking for something like that.;Lawrence Kasdan;movies
The kind of pace that you want to use in a Western - just to acknowledge the land in the distance that everyone has to travel, and the way things develop sort of slowly - it's almost the antithetical of what's currently going on in the movies, you know.;Lawrence Kasdan;movies
I really liked Carrie a lot. That was one of Brian De Palma's best movies.;Lawrence Kasdan;movies
I mean, the trouble with some of the kind of relationship movies I've done, is there's only so many ways you can shoot a conversation. I was really tired of talking heads.;Lawrence Kasdan;movies
I loved Alien, and I loved Carrie, and I loved The Exorcist - those were big movies for me. They were just brilliantly done, and unusual, and they all took horror to some new place.;Lawrence Kasdan;movies
I haven't seen Clones, which has been during this period when I haven't seen much of anything, but I did see Phantom Menace, and see my feelings about it - see, first of all, I think that when you make a lot of movies, your attitude about the movies changes.;Lawrence Kasdan;movies
I didn't really want to do another sequel. I go to those movies, and I just sort of enjoy them like a viewer.;Lawrence Kasdan;movies
For me, relationships are the real action movies. Bombs are exploding every day and the kitchen is Ground Zero.;Michelle Williams;movies
I mean, look, I love movies, not just the ones I make... In fact, I don't like the movies I make very much.;Alexander Payne;movies
Each one of my movies becomes easier to get off the ground.;Alexander Payne;movies
The novel succeeds on terms exclusive to literature. A good film succeeds on terms exclusive to the cinema. That's why so many bad novels can become good movies, like 'Jaws' or 'The Godfather.';Alexander Payne;movies
I guess maybe I try to make movies that are closer to real life than are many Hollywood movies. But I still try to stay within a commercial narrative, a contemporary American vernacular.;Alexander Payne;movies
It's so great in Hollywood now. You have people past 40 sitting and talking about serious stuff, writing and making movies and TV, but there's laser pistols and superheroes and alien monsters involved. It's viable and mainstream.;Nathan Fillion;movies
My fans mean everything to me - especially the sisters! When you're on 'The View' or you're doing movies and stuff, you're a little bit insulated. It means so much to me when a woman comes up to me and says, 'Sherri, you said what I feel.' That just means so much to me to know that I have that support.;Sherri Shepherd;movies
I'll tell you what I really enjoy. We all go to the movies, we all watch television, we know what they're about, how they work. When the main character is a cop or a spy, it's very exciting, but I also very much enjoy when the main characters are nobodies - a trucker.;Nathan Fillion;movies
