Words - so innocent and powerless as they are, as standing in a dictionary, how potent for good and evil they become in the hands of one who knows how to combine them.;Nathaniel Hawthorne;good
We have a powerful potential in out youth, and we must have the courage to change old ideas and practices so that we may direct their power toward good ends.;Mary McLeod Bethune;good
It's a good thing I was born a girl, otherwise I'd be a drag queen.;Dolly Parton;good
Only the pure in heart can make a good soup.;Ludwig van Beethoven;good
Be good, keep your feet dry, your eyes open, your heart at peace and your soul in the joy of Christ.;Thomas Merton;good
It's easy to impress me. I don't need a fancy party to be happy. Just good friends, good food, and good laughs. I'm happy. I'm satisfied. I'm content.;Maria Sharapova;good
I wake up some mornings and sit and have my coffee and look out at my beautiful garden, and I go, 'Remember how good this is. Because you can lose it.';Jim Carrey;good
There is so much good in the worst of us, and so much bad in the best of us, that it ill behaves any of us to find fault with the rest of us.;James Truslow Adams;good
Amnesty is as good for those who give it as for those who receive it. It has the admirable quality of bestowing mercy on both sides.;Victor Hugo;good
Our intentions may be very good, but, because the intelligence is limited, the action may turn out to be a mistake - a mistake, but not necessarily a sin, for sin comes out of a wrong intention.;E. Stanley Jones;good
I think you can have 10,000 explanations for failure, but no good explanation for success.;Paulo Coelho;good
There are good and bad times, but our mood changes more often than our fortune.;Thomas Carlyle;good
The God we serve does not seek out the perfect, but instead uses our imperfections and our shortcomings for his greater good. I am humbled by my own limitations. But where I am weak, He is strong.;Rick Perry;good
The humblest individual exerts some influence, either for good or evil, upon others.;Henry Ward Beecher;good
Mr. Arthur Ashe, he was good. I read some of his books. He knew about everything, but he was real quiet and didn't talk much. I never met him.;Mike Tyson;good
Listen there's a hell of a good universe next door: let's go.;e. e. cummings;good
Every year of my life I grow more convinced that it is wisest and best to fix our attention on the beautiful and the good, and dwell as little as possible on the evil and the false.;Richard Cecil;good
Destiny is a good thing to accept when it's going your way. When it isn't, don't call it destiny call it injustice, treachery, or simple bad luck.;Joseph Heller;good
It is a good morning exercise for a research scientist to discard a pet hypothesis every day before breakfast. It keeps him young.;Konrad Lorenz;good
Every religion is good that teaches man to be good and I know of none that instructs him to be bad.;Thomas Paine;good
A good deed never goes unpunished.;Gore Vidal;good
I like to do weird things in the shower, like drink my coffee, brush my teeth and drink a smoothie. It's good time management.;Michelle Williams;good
The enlightened ruler is heedful, and the good general full of caution.;Sun Tzu;good
The aim of a college education is to teach you to know a good man when you see one.;William James;good
All I can tell you really is if you get to the point where someone is telling you that you are not great or not good enough, just follow your heart and don't let anybody crush your dream.;Patti LaBelle;good
Dogs and philosophers do the greatest good and get the fewest rewards.;Diogenes;good
A vigorous five-mile walk will do more good for an unhappy but otherwise healthy adult than all the medicine and psychology in the world.;Paul Dudley White;good
You know, when you really connect with the instrument and everything just comes out on an emotional level very naturally through your playing. That's, you know, a great night. And I think the reason I love touring so much is you're chasing that high around all the time, trying to have another good night.;Slash;good
It's always good to be underestimated.;Donald Trump;good
Chocolate is the first luxury. It has so many things wrapped up in it: Deliciusness in the moment, childhood memories, and that grin-inducing feeling of getting a reward for being good.;Mariska Hargitay;good
Men of ill judgment ignore the good that lies within their hands, till they have lost it.;Sophocles;good
It is no good getting furious if you get stuck. What I do is keep thinking about the problem but work on something else. Sometimes it is years before I see the way forward. In the case of information loss and black holes, it was 29 years.;Stephen Hawking;good
If it's a good movie, the sound could go off and the audience would still have a perfectly clear idea of what was going on.;Alfred Hitchcock;good
My country is the world, and my religion is to do good.;Thomas Paine;good
Always read something that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it.;P. J. O'Rourke;good
You know when something feels so good but you're afraid to feel good about it? So you kinda hold back? Everyone says, Congratulations, you must be so happy. And you say something stupid like, I'm just doing what little I can with what little I have.;Vin Diesel;good
I have good looking kids. Thank goodness my wife cheats on me.;Rodney Dangerfield;good
Like every other good thing in this world, leisure and culture have to be paid for. Fortunately, however, it is not the leisured and the cultured who have to pay.;Aldous Huxley;good
A film is never really good unless the camera is an eye in the head of a poet.;Orson Welles;good
I don't want to be interesting. I want to be good.;Ludwig Mies van der Rohe;good
Finding good players is easy. Getting them to play as a team is another story.;Casey Stengel;good
Plans are only good intentions unless they immediately degenerate into hard work.;Peter Drucker;good
I keep my ideals, because in spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart.;Anne Frank;good
It's not going to do any good to land on Mars if we're stupid.;Ray Bradbury;good
And it is easy to believe you are not good enough if you listen to everybody else.;Mackenzie Astin;good
No matter how full a reservoir of maxims one may possess, and no matter how good one's sentiments may be, if one has not taken advantage of every concrete opportunity to act, one's character may remain entirely unaffected for the better.;William James;good
Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires.;Bertrand Russell;good
My best moment? I have a lot of good moments but the one I prefer is when I kicked the hooligan.;Eric Cantona;good
It's good to trust others but, not to do so is much better.;Benito Mussolini;good
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.;Plutarch;good
It's with bad sentiments that one makes good novels.;Aldous Huxley;good
Like every man of sense and good feeling, I abominate work.;Aldous Huxley;good
The reading of all good books is like a conversation with the finest minds of past centuries.;Rene Descartes;good
God never made a promise that was too good to be true.;Dwight L. Moody;good
Our attitudes control our lives. Attitudes are a secret power working twenty-four hours a day, for good or bad. It is of paramount importance that we know how to harness and control this great force.;Irving Berlin;good
My Alma mater was books, a good library... I could spend the rest of my life reading, just satisfying my curiosity.;Malcolm X;good
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.;Howard Aiken;good
I think it's been hard for people to understand how Islam can be a good religion, and yet the Islamists are evil. Those of us who have had experience with Islam understand this, just as we understand the difference between snake handlers and people going to church on Sunday morning.;P. J. O'Rourke;good
Good books, like good friends, are few and chosen the more select, the more enjoyable.;Louisa May Alcott;good
Never call an accountant a credit to his profession a good accountant is a debit to his profession.;Charles Lyell;good
At Christmas play and make good cheer, for Christmas comes but once a year.;Thomas Tusser;good
Life takes its path and sometimes there are people to blame. Of course there are bad people in this world. Good, bad, it happens unfortunately. But in a way I think if there was more focus on the good, more good would happen.;Andrea Corr;good
The infliction of cruelty with a good conscience is a delight to moralists. That is why they invented Hell.;Bertrand Russell;good
Bad officials are the ones elected by good citizens who do not vote.;George Jean Nathan;good
The good die young, because they see it's no use living if you have got to be good.;John Barrymore;good
Jogging is very beneficial. It's good for your legs and your feet. It's also very good for the ground. If makes it feel needed.;Charles M. Schulz;good
Professionalism is not sportsmanship. If you don't succeed, you won't be in your profession for long. In our society, it's not about good or bad. It's about who's on top.;Chili Davis;good
A good artist should be isolated. If he isn't isolated, something is wrong.;Orson Welles;good
Richard Nixon is a no good, lying bastard. He can lie out of both sides of his mouth at the same time, and if he ever caught himself telling the truth, he'd lie just to keep his hand in.;Harry S. Truman;good
You can be a good neighbor only if you have good neighbors.;Howard Koch;good
Your problem is how you are going to spend this one odd and precious life you have been issued. Whether you're going to spend it trying to look good and creating the illusion that you have power over people and circumstances, or whether you are going to taste it, enjoy it and find out the truth about who you are.;Anne Lamott;good
Far from idleness being the root of all evil, it is rather the only true good.;Soren Kierkegaard;good
No good movie is too long and no bad movie is short enough.;Roger Ebert;good
A good laugh is sunshine in the house.;William Makepeace Thackeray;good
A good man often appears gauche simply because he does not take advantage of the myriad mean little chances of making himself look stylish. Preferring truth to form, he is not constantly at work upon the facade of his appearance.;Alanis Morissette;good
Four legs good, two legs bad.;George Orwell;good
Scientific views end in awe and mystery, lost at the edge in uncertainty, but they appear to be so deep and so impressive that the theory that it is all arranged as a stage for God to watch man's struggle for good and evil seems inadequate.;Richard P. Feynman;good
In Genesis, it says that it is not good for a man to be alone but sometimes it is a great relief.;John Barrymore;good
Nobody gets justice. People only get good luck or bad luck.;Orson Welles;good
You built a factory out there, good for you. But I want to be clear. You moved your goods to market on the roads that the rest of us paid for. You hired workers that the rest of us paid to educate. You were safe in your factory because of police forces and fire forces that the rest of us paid for.;Elizabeth Warren;good
A good leader is one who can tell another how to reach his or her potential a great leader is one who can help another discover this potential for him or herself.;Bo Bennett;good
I don't believe in team motivation. I believe in getting a team prepared so it knows it will have the necessary confidence when it steps on a field and be prepared to play a good game.;Tom Landry;good
If I were to say, 'God, why me?' about the bad things, then I should have said, 'God, why me?' about the good things that happened in my life.;Arthur Ashe;good
When people see your personality come out, they feel so good, like they actually know who you are.;Usain Bolt;good
I'm such a good lover because I practice a lot on my own.;Woody Allen;good
I don't believe that old cliche that good things come to those who wait. I think good things come to those who want something so bad they can't sit still.;Ashton Kutcher;good
Live fast, die young, and leave a good looking corpse.;John Derek;good
I shall never be ashamed of citing a bad author if the line is good.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;good
Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure.;George Eliot;good
Normal people have an incredible lack of empathy. They have good emotional empathy, but they don't have much empathy for the autistic kid who is screaming at the baseball game because he can't stand the sensory overload. Or the autistic kid having a meltdown in the school cafeteria because there's too much stimulation.;Temple Grandin;good
Mankind is not likely to salvage civilization unless he can evolve a system of good and evil which is independent of heaven and hell.;George Orwell;good
I don't look to a man to get pride in myself. It's not about having a black president, it's about having a good president, and I think that's the most important thing.;Allen West;good
The good old days, when each idea had an owner, are gone forever.;Paulo Coelho;good
Tolerating evil leads only to more evil. And when good people stand by and do nothing while wickedness reigns, their communities will be consumed.;Bob Riley;good
The old cathedrals are good, but the great blue dome that hangs over everything is better.;Thomas Carlyle;good
May joy and good fellowship reign, and in this manner, may the Olympic Torch pursue its way through ages, increasing friendly understanding among nations, for the good of a humanity always more enthusiastic, more courageous and more pure.;Pierre de Coubertin;good
Mere longevity is a good thing for those who watch Life from the side lines. For those who play the game, an hour may be a year, a single day's work an achievement for eternity.;Helen Hayes;good
Wisdom allows nothing to be good that will not be so forever no man to be happy but he that needs no other happiness than what he has within himself no man to be great or powerful that is not master of himself.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;good
I just want to say, good night, sweet prince, may flights of angels sing thee to thy rest.;Harry Dean Stanton;good
