One goes through school, college, medical school and one's internship learning little or nothing about goodness but a good deal about success.;Ashley Montagu;medical
There have been some medical schools in which somewhere along the assembly line, a faculty member has informed the students, not so much by what he said but by what he did, that there is an intimate relation between curing and caring.;Ashley Montagu;medical
It is clear that the pharmaceutical industry is not, by any stretch of the imagination, doing enough to ensure that the poor have access to adequate medical care.;Paul Farmer;medical
The main reason for the failure of the modern medical science is that it is dealing with results and not causes. Nothing more than the patching up of those attacked and the burying of those who are slain, without a thought being given to the real strong hold.;Edward Bach;medical
I read Freud's Introductory Lectures in Psychoanalysis in basically one sitting. I decided to enroll in medical school. It was almost like a conversion experience.;Stanislav Grof;medical
Citizens must pressure the American Hospital Association, the American Public Health Association, the Centers for Disease Control and other relevant governmental agencies to make greening our hospitals and medical centers a top priority so that they themselves don't create even more illness.;Andrew Weil;medical
We need to accept the seemingly obvious fact that a toxic environment can make people sick and that no amount of medical intervention can protect us. The health care community must become a powerful political lobby for environmental policy and legislation.;Andrew Weil;medical
I have written two medical novels. I have never studied medicine, never seen an operation.;Taylor Caldwell;medical
Medical debts are the number-one cause of bankruptcy in America.;Barbara Ehrenreich;medical
I took anatomy classes. I went to medical libraries and talked to doctors and nutritionists. I did the whole thing before using myself as a human guinea pig.;Marilu Henner;medical
The patient's autonomy always, always should be respected, even if it is absolutely contrary - the decision is contrary to best medical advice and what the physician wants.;Jack Kevorkian;medical
I'm trying to knock the medical profession into accepting its responsibilities, and those responsibilities include assisting their patients with death.;Jack Kevorkian;medical
And as a nurse, I know very well the importance, for example, of electronic medical records.;Lois Capps;medical
I mean, everybody should have access to medical care. And, you know, it shouldn't be such a big deal.;Paul Farmer;medical
Researches tested a new form of medical marijuana that treats pain but doesn't get the user high, prompting patients who need medical marijuana to declare, 'Thank you?';Jimmy Fallon;medical
As far as hypnosis is concerned, I had a very serious problem when I was in my twenties. I encountered a man who later became the president of the American Society of Medical Hypnosis. He couldn't hypnotize me.;Theodore Sturgeon;medical
I don't think there's any independent cartoonist whose stuff I don't like or respect in at least some way or another. We're all marginal laborers - we're practically medical oddities - so I don't see why we can't all be nice to each other.;Chris Ware;medical
President Obama and his radical feminist enforcers have had it in for Catholic medical providers from the get-go. It's about time all people of faith fought back against this unprecedented encroachment on religious liberty. First, they came for the Catholics. Who's next?;Michelle Malkin;medical
The public has lost faith in the ability of Social Security and Medicare to provide for old age. They've lost faith in the banking system and in conventional medical insurance.;Ron Chernow;medical
Five thousand people every day lose their home because of a medical bankruptcy. Most of them had insurance.;Debbie Stabenow;medical
Medical professionals, not insurance company bureaucrats, should be making health care decisions.;Barbara Boxer;medical
We have the greatest hospitals, doctors, and medical technology in the world - we need to make them accessible to every American.;Barbara Boxer;medical
Remember, I'm a doctor's daughter. So obviously I'm interested in all medical things.;Nancy Reagan;medical
It was my Uncle George who discovered that alcohol was a food well in advance of modern medical thought.;P. G. Wodehouse;medical
I am very abnormal... But it wasn't very long ago that I wasn't so abnormal. I was very normal and headed for a lifetime of paying medical bills as proof of my normalcy.;Dirk Benedict;medical
The Google algorithm was a significant development. I've had thank-you emails from people whose lives have been saved by information on a medical website or who have found the love of their life on a dating website.;Tim Berners-Lee;medical
Today, all patients accepted for treatment at St. Jude's are treated without regard for the family's ability to pay. Everything beyond what is covered by insurance is taken care of, and for those without insurance, all of the medical costs are absorbed by the hospital.;Marlo Thomas;medical
Many of us are alarmed at the skyrocketing cost of medical care, including patients, who are the consumers. However, medical malpractice is not the reason for these increasing costs.;Joe Baca;medical
In our own state, we came up with, I think, what was a very novel approach to closing the gap on the uninsured. To harmonize medical records - which was a major step in getting costs out of the system.;Jon Huntsman, Jr.;medical
I basically believe the medical insurance industry should be nonprofit, not profit-making. There is no way a health reform plan will work when it is implemented by an industry that seeks to return money to shareholders instead of using that money to provide health care.;Dianne Feinstein;medical
To date, embryonic stem cell research has not produced a single medical treatment, where ethical, adult stem cell research has produced some 67 medical miracles.;Mike Pence;medical
Here in Silicon Valley, I have taken part in hundreds of conversations trying to convince people to dive in and become entrepreneurs. All too often, innovators with good, safe, jobs are unwilling to put their family's access to health care at risk by walking away from company-backed medical insurance.;Eric Ries;medical
Synergy and serendipity often play a big part in medical and scientific advances.;Julie Bishop;medical
Advances in science and medical research and public health policies have meant that life expectancy for Australians is one of the highest in the world.;Julie Bishop;medical
Over 120 Aboriginal communities run their own health services - some have been doing so for 30 years. They struggle with difficult medical problems. They also try to deal with counselling, stolen generations issues, family relationships, violence, suicide prevention.;Malcolm Fraser;medical
Because I am not formally trained in the medical sciences, I can bring in new ideas to AIDS research and the cross-fertilization of ideas from different fields could be a valuable contribution to finding the cure for AIDS.;Philip Emeagwali;medical
If I'm pushed, I'd also have to admit I don't like people with allergies. They just annoy me. There seems to be something far too self-centred about it. 'No thanks, I'm allergic.' Why not just say 'No thanks'? I wasn't asking for your medical history, I was just passing around the nuts. Trying to be friendly, that's all.;Jack Dee;medical
Haiti is always talking about decentralization and nothing has been so obvious, perhaps a weakness, as the centralized nature of Haitian society as being revealed by the earthquake. I mean, they lost all these medical training programs because they didn't have them anywhere else.;Paul Farmer;medical
The growth of technology is such that it is not possible today for a nuclear physicist to switch into medical physics without training. The field is now much more technical. More training is needed to do the job.;John Cameron;medical
It's interesting when people make comments about celebrities' weight gain or lack of weight gain as if they're a medical professional that's treating that celebrity. Like, 'This doctor does not treat Jessica Simpson, but thinks her weight is unhealthy.' If you don't treat her, then how do you know?;Busy Philipps;medical
No one wants to go back to a situation where, if you have a pre-existing medical condition, you, you can be deprived of coverage. No one wants to go back to a situation where, if you get seriously ill, you can get thrown off your insurance. Seniors don't want to go back to paying more for their prescription drugs.;David Axelrod;medical
There is an element of anger among women who've been raped. There's certainly a major element of humiliation. But it really does seem like a medical condition of shock and horror.;Nicholas D. Kristof;medical
Yet it looks as if the thing we use to solve our problems with is the source of our problems. It's like going to the doctor and having him make you ill. In fact, in 20% of medical cases we do apparently have that going on. But in the case of thought, its far over 20%.;David Bohm;medical
Abortion is inherently different from other medical procedures because no other procedure involves the purposeful termination of a potential life.;Potter Stewart;medical
My mother was told she couldn't go to medical school because she was a woman and a Jew. So she became a teacher in the New York City public school system.;Marilyn Hacker;medical
Medical decisions have been politicized. What doctor wants a state legislator in his consulting room?;Garry Trudeau;medical
I do not believe that Congress or the Administration should prohibit the medical community from pursuing a promising avenue of research that may improve the lives of millions of Americans.;Tom Allen;medical
When I went to the University, the medical school was the only place where one could hope to find the means to study life, its nature, its origins, and its ills.;Albert Claude;medical
I'd come out of the army after five years as a medic. I was a medical administrator and we ran hospitals, and I was a Captain in the army at the end, in 1945.;Eli Wallach;medical
We also have a program in place for low income people. A family of four making $26,000 a year can receive medical coverage, irrespective of citizenship or what documents.;George Pataki;medical
If someone lives in New York, he's a New Yorker - they are entitled to the best medical system in the world.;George Pataki;medical
The World Health Organisation has a lot of its medical experts sitting in Geneva while hospitals in Africa have no drugs and desperate patients are forced to seek medication on the black market.;Pauline Hanson;medical
Listening to medical facts was not enough. People wanted one hundred percent guarantees.;Ryan White;medical
During a trip to Iraq last fall, I visited our theater hospital at Balad Air Force Base and witnessed these skilled medical professionals in action and met the brave soldiers whose lives they saved.;Melissa Bean;medical
If we don't change, millions of American families are just one medical emergency, or one layoff, away from financial disaster and bankruptcy.;Jim Cooper;medical
When I took command in Vietnam, I gave great emphasis to food and medical care - and to the mail.;William Westmoreland;medical
In my second year, after moving to the Medical School, I began the courses of Anatomy and Physiology. I had begun to see that I was interested in cells and their functions.;Sydney Brenner;medical
As a player, I was fortunate to work with coaching and medical staffs that underscored the importance of utilizing injury prevention exercises, which contributed to my healthy and long playing career.;Cobi Jones;medical
For my convalescence, I had to exercise my voice only with vowels. It is a medical rule after a long loss of voice.;Nana Mouskouri;medical
When I was born in 1970 with a rare genetic disorder called spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita (SED), medical science wasn't what it is today and my mum and dad were treated terribly by the medical profession.;Warwick Davis;medical
Developments in medical technology have long been confined to procedural or pharmaceutical advances, while neglecting a most basic and essential component of medicine: patient information management.;John Doolittle;medical
The Navy's paid for you to go through school, and then they need doctors to go out and take care of people who are in various different parts of the world. I decided to pay back my time first as an undersea medical officer. I was stationed in Scotland.;Laurel Clark;medical
Only medical hypnosis is capable of opening up amnesia.;Betty Hill;medical
Today we see a human population of over 6 billion people, many of whom have serious medical conditions, which either can't be treated or cannot be treated economically.;Ralph Merkle;medical
I can help a lot of other people who've gone through the same thing by building a center that will help men and women who don't have the funds to take care of themselves and get the medical treatment.;David Gest;medical
Long gone are the days when hospital stays and surgeries made up the bulk of seniors' annual medical expenses.;Jim Gerlach;medical
Without true medical liability reform, our doctors will continue to leave, and young doctors coming out of medical school $100,000 to $200,000 in debt will not be able to afford such onerous costs.;Jim Gerlach;medical
Informed consent is required for every invasive medical procedure, from getting your ears pierced to having an abortion.;Bob McDonnell;medical
The whole story of the comfort women, the system of forced sexual slavery, the medical experiments of Unit 731, is not something that is in the US psyche. That is changing because many books are coming out.;Iris Chang;medical
I decided to start a medical training program for freelancers, only freelancers. They're the ones who are doing most of the combat reporting. They're taking most of the risks. They're absorbing most of the casualties. And they're the most underserved and under-resourced of everyone in the entire news business.;Sebastian Junger;medical
Corporate governance is a huge issue too. We don't have women on these corporate boards. More than half of the students in law school are women, more than half of the women, I think, in medical school now are women.;Claire McCaskill;medical
With tens of thousands of patients dying every year from preventable medical errors, it is imperative that we embrace available technologies and drastically improve the way medical records are handled and processed.;Jon Porter;medical
We cannot sacrifice innocent human life now for vague and exaggerated promises of medical treatments thirty of forty years from now. There are ways to pursue this technology and respect life at the same time.;Ernest Istook;medical
The great medical facilities are a relief for the parents, too, who don't have to think about caring for their young ones on their own for a weekend. They have a great time.;Jami Gertz;medical
Community health centers do a great deal with limited resources. They provide critical medical care services to many who would otherwise have no other place to go or would end up in an emergency room.;Jan Schakowsky;medical
For many people, managing pain involves using prescription medicine in combination with complementary techniques like physical therapy, acupuncture, yoga and massage. I appreciate this because I truly believe medical care should address the person as a whole - their mind, body, and spirit.;Naomi Judd;medical
When I talked to my medical friends about the strange silence on this subject in American medical magazines and textbooks, I gained the impression that here was a subject tainted with Socialism or with feminine sentimentality for the poor.;Alice Hamilton;medical
Oh there are lots of doctors and medical professionals out there who buy my devices at whole sale price.;Alex Chiu;medical
Immortality Device has been tested and researched by medical researchers all over the world from time to time. They email me and told me what they found. I post their results sometimes on my site.;Alex Chiu;medical
That's the thing. in medicine, you're used to saying there's a problem within the person, and saying there's a problem within the culture, that's not a medical answer. Medicine has to look in one direction, so there's only one type of answer that they can find.;Chester Brown;medical
I founded a launch company called International Microspace when I graduated medical school in 1989. We were trying to build a microsatellite launcher.;Peter Diamandis;medical
I've been advised not to have any more children for medical reasons, so that's it - the shop has closed, even though I would have loved a daughter.;Toni Braxton;medical
Ensuring Americans have access to adequate medical care should be a priority for all of us.;Dave Reichert;medical
I'd visit the near future, close enough that someone might want to talk to Larry Niven and can figure out the language distant enough to get me decent medical techniques and a ticket to the Moon.;Larry Niven;medical
Procedures outside the stadiums and in the parking areas still need to be optimized, for example so that emergency medical services can leave the grounds on their way to the hospital faster.;Otto Schily;medical
Prior to penicillin and medical research, death was an everyday occurrence. It was intimate.;Katherine Dunn;medical
Failure to properly control our borders costs citizens in many ways: schools become overcrowded, medical resources are stretched too thin, other government services are overtaxed, and taxes increase further.;Zach Wamp;medical
Another cause of change, one less noticeable but fundamental, is the modern growth of population closely connected with scientific and medical discoveries. It is interesting that the United Nations has set up a special Commission to study this question.;Emily Greene Balch;medical
Nobody could tell us or really had a very good idea, if there were a massive release of radiation, what kind of medical treatment people were going to need and this or that, or, indeed, whether there would be medical personnel around.;William Scranton;medical
Harvard Medical School, the University of South Florida and the American Psychiatric Association have all conducted studies showing that the earlier one begins gambling, the more likely it is he or she will become an addicted, problem gambler.;Spencer Bachus;medical
As a former professional patient advocate, I believe prescription drugs are an essential part of high-quality medical treatment, and I supported enactment of the Medicare Prescription Drug and Modernization Act.;Sue Kelly;medical
The sacrifices made by veterans and their willingness to fight in defense of our nation merit our deep respect and praise - and to the best in benefits and medical care.;Sue Kelly;medical
Medical physics is an applied area of physics.;John Cameron;medical
Most medical physicists work in the physics of radiation oncology making sure that the desired dose is given to the cancer and the dose to normal tissues are minimized.;John Cameron;medical
Medical physicists work in cooperation with doctors. A few medical physicists devote their time to research and teaching. A few get involved with administrative duties.;John Cameron;medical
I am sure that I have been much more useful to society as a medical physicist.;John Cameron;medical
When I entered medical physics in 1958 there were fewer than 100 in the U.S. and I could see many opportunities to apply my knowledge of nuclear physics.;John Cameron;medical
I was the Chair of the first department of medical physics in a medical school in the U.S.;John Cameron;medical
I have devoted much time and energy to helping medical physics in developing countries.;John Cameron;medical
