I never cut class. I loved getting A's, I liked being smart. I liked being on time. I thought being smart is cooler than anything in the world.;Michelle Obama;cool
Being cool is being your own self, not doing something that someone else is telling you to do.;Vanessa Hudgens;cool
Morgan Freeman is so class. He's so cool. He's so scary.;Jim Carrey;cool
I'm not the kind of person who tries to be cool or trendy, I'm definitely an individual.;Leonardo DiCaprio;cool
The simple truth is that balding African-American men look cool when they shave their heads, whereas balding white men look like giant thumbs.;Dave Barry;cool
He who keeps his cool best wins.;Norman Cousins;cool
The cool thing is that now that people have made this evolution where cooking is cool, people are doing it on weekends, they're doing their own challenges. It's back to cooking. And it's real cooking.;Emeril Lagasse;cool
It seems like once people grow up, they have no idea what's cool.;Bill Watterson;cool
So there's nothing more provocative than taking a genre that everybody who's cool hates - and then making it cool.;Lady Gaga;cool
All of my favorite people - people I really trust - none of them were cool in their younger years.;Taylor Swift;cool
I can take it. The tougher it gets, the cooler I get.;Richard M. Nixon;cool
You don't have to carry a designer bag that costs more than a car to look cool.;Kesha;cool
One cool judgment is worth a thousand hasty counsels. The thing to do is to supply light and not heat.;Woodrow Wilson;cool
People look at me and see a calm, cool guy on the sidelines and I want them to know that my Christian faith affects my coaching and everything I do.;Tony Dungy;cool
My perfect guy wears converse, is totally laid back, and doesn't worry about being cool.;Selena Gomez;cool
To act coolly, intelligently and prudently in perilous circumstances is the test of a man - and also a nation.;Adlai E. Stevenson;cool
I've never done anything because I thought it would look cool.;John Mayer;cool
Summer bachelors, like summer breezes, are never as cool as they pretend to be.;Nora Ephron;cool
People see my photos and think I labor over my image and I'm this cool, brooding artist. But I'm just having fun with it.;Lenny Kravitz;cool
I'm cute - and God I hate that. Because that's not cool. I'm like your niece, and nobody wants to date their niece. It's the chubby cheeks. The whole reason people voted for me on American Idol is because I'm an everyday, normal girl.;Kelly Clarkson;cool
I don't mind not being cool.;Chris Martin;cool
Sometimes just when I say hello the right way, I'm like, 'Whoa, I'm so cool.';Robert Pattinson;cool
I'm cool with failing so long as I know that there are people around me that love me unconditionally.;Dave Chappelle;cool
It's cool just because I've had this dream of changing the sport of swimming and it's finally happening.;Michael Phelps;cool
You get a timeless cool card in New York.;Vin Diesel;cool
I think you create your own hipness.;Peabo Bryson;cool
Stop being conned by the old mantra that says, 'Leaders are cool, managers are dweebs.' Instead, follow the Peters Principle: Leaders are cool. Managers are cool too!;Tom Peters;cool
And not only that, I also have the MacBook Air which is really cool. Even my wife is jealous of my MacBook Air.;Karl Rove;cool
I've never been cool - and I don't care.;Celine Dion;cool
To create well I have to be in a good mood, happy and cool.;Marc Newson;cool
It looks good when you see someone kicking at the age of 51 with no double. It's kinda cool for people to know that past 50 we can keep flexible.;Jean Claude Van Damme;cool
We're always bombarded with images from magazines of what looks cool and sexy.;Marilu Henner;cool
When you get to your mid-20s, you start to feel responsibilities for the things that you do and the people around you. It's a cool age.;Eliza Dushku;cool
Some people are cool with the fact that their bodies bear witness to this great thing they produced, their children, and I understand that. But on a personal level, it makes me feel better that my breasts are not down to my knees when I'm undressed in front of my husband.;Patricia Heaton;cool
Heroes don't wear diapers. It's just not cool.;Felix Baumgartner;cool
Prominence is cool, but when the delusion kicks in it can be a drag. Especially if you choose to surround yourself with friends and not acolytes.;Barbara Kruger;cool
If at any moment of the day I ever think I'm remotely cool at all, which is hardly ever, I have two daughters who make sure that never happens.;Pat Benatar;cool
You know, the diversity that America has is so special. It's starting to really become a cool thing for young people.;Russell Simmons;cool
Every collection that I work on, I always think, Is this cool enough to wear to a concert?;Anna Sui;cool
I just tried to keep my cool and continue with my race plan: to win.;Mark Spitz;cool
Good words cool more than cold water.;John Ray;cool
The secret was to just be cool, stay in God's graces, and work it out.;Solomon Burke;cool
A girl came up to me in a bar and said she wanted to be my apple pie. I wish I'd said something cool, but I was stunned.;Jason Biggs;cool
A lot of people are obsessed with looking cool. They feel they have to look after their image.;Adrian Edmondson;cool
I'm a geeky toy collector, and to have toys of your own characters is unbelievably cool.;Craig McCracken;cool
I'm from Iowa, we don't know what cool is!;Ashton Kutcher;cool
I'm a flamboyant type of guy, a cooler version of Liberace.;Usher;cool
I don't think of myself as hot or cool or anything, just a dork.;Ashley Olsen;cool
I am always looking for a cool tee shirt maybe one with a rock band or an old advertisement.;Bridget Hall;cool
It's cool to have a well run, comfortable and inviting home.;Anthea Turner;cool
I think I'm so old I'm in. We call it the 'Tony Bennett Syndrome.' For some reason, young people think I'm cool.;Bill Kurtis;cool
Be still and cool in thine own mind and spirit.;George Fox;cool
Is a hippopotamus a hippopotamus, or just a really cool Opotamus?;Mitch Hedberg;cool
Like a welcome summer rain, humor may suddenly cleanse and cool the earth, the air and you.;Langston Hughes;cool
Vegetarians are cool. All I eat are vegetarians - except for the occasional mountain lion steak.;Ted Nugent;cool
I'm a mirror. If you're cool with me, I'm cool with you, and the exchange starts. What you see is what you reflect. If you don't like what you see, then you've done something. If I'm standoffish, that's because you are.;Jay-Z;cool
I'm a Muslim, but I think Jesus would have a drink with me. He would be cool. He would talk to me.;Mike Tyson;cool
I like low-maintenance girls, but at the same time, classy. She needs to take care of herself. But also be a girl who isn't afraid to get sweaty and play basketball, so it's cool if she's a tomboy.;Chris Brown;cool
The cool thing about being famous is traveling. I have always wanted to travel across seas, like to Canada and stuff.;Britney Spears;cool
Keep a cool head and maintain a low profile. Never take the lead - but aim to do something big.;Deng Xiaoping;cool
I don't mind The Boss. I think he's an honest guy. I have some of his records, not all of them. I've met a couple of the E-Street guys, and they seem really cool.;Henry Rollins;cool
Music is for people. The word 'pop' is simply short for popular. It means that people like it. I'm just a normal jerk who happens to make music. As long as my brain and fingers work, I'm cool.;Eddie Van Halen;cool
I'm someone who loves to enjoy life and tries to focus on real things and real friendships. That's why I live very simply. I'm a jeans and T-shirt kind of girl. I don't spend much time fixing myself up or trying to look cool. I live like a normal person and even though I'm in a very high-profile business, I really don't let it affect the way I live.;Cameron Diaz;cool
Most Americans are very cool people.;Henry Rollins;cool
Cricket makes no sense to me. I find it beautiful to watch and I like that they break for tea. That is very cool, but I don't understand. My friends from The Clash tried to explain it years and years ago, but I didn't understand what they were talking about.;Jim Jarmusch;cool
Keep cool anger is not an argument.;Daniel Webster;cool
The high-spirited man may indeed die, but he will not stoop to meanness. Fire, though it may be quenched, will not become cool.;Ovid;cool
If your stomach disputes you, lie down and pacify it with cool thoughts.;Satchel Paige;cool
I'm doing everything that I can, working with experts, really studying the statistics to figure out a way we can make it cool or normal to be kind and loving.;Lady Gaga;cool
What people don't understand is joining a gang ain't bad, it's cool, it's fine. When you in the hood, joining a gang it's cool because all your friends are in the gang, all your family's in the gang. We're not just killing people every night, we're just hanging out, having a good time.;Snoop Dogg;cool
Where I come from it was really unheard of to be at a party and someone says, 'What kind of music do you make?', and you say, 'Pop music.' You may as well have 'I'm not cool' stamped on your forehead.;Lady Gaga;cool
Summer is a great time to visit art museums, which offer the refreshing rinse of swimming pools - only instead of cool water, you immerse yourself in art.;Jerry Saltz;cool
I think it would be cool if you were writing a ransom note on your computer, if the paper clip popped up and said, 'Looks like you're writing a ransom note. Need help? You should use more forceful language, you'll get more money.';Demetri Martin;cool
Racism is taught in the home. We agree on that? Well, it's very hard to teach racism to a teenager who's listening to rap music and who idolizes, say, Snoop Dogg. It's hard to say, 'That guy is less than you.' The kid is like, 'I like that guy, he's cool. How is he less than me?;Jay-Z;cool
Aristotle was famous for knowing everything. He taught that the brain exists merely to cool the blood and is not involved in the process of thinking. This is true only of certain persons.;Will Cuppy;cool
It's cool when fans spend so much time making things for me. It means a lot.;Justin Bieber;cool
Placebo is music for outsiders, by outsiders and our gigs are like conventions of outcasts, which is cool.;Brian Molko;cool
I really liked the snake that breaks out of the cage in the beginning of the movie. I saw it in real life, and it was really cool. Really big and fat. The owls are cool as well, but you can't really pet them.;Tom Felton;cool
Draco's not really a bully. He's not exactly the biggest, strongest guy in the world. He's more a rich, snobby person. He thinks of himself as really cool.;Tom Felton;cool
Aristotle taught that the brain exists merely to cool the blood and is not involved in the process of thinking. This is true only of certain persons.;Will Cuppy;cool
I don't go to the cool, trendy restaurants. I go to either the holes in the wall or the super-fancy restaurants where there are no cool people.;Tyra Banks;cool
I think people appreciate a songwriter who shows different sides. The whole angst thing is cool, but if that's all you've got, it's just boring. Everything I write, whether it's happy or sad, has a sense of humor to it.;Katy Perry;cool
I have a cycle that is not particularly cool, but it's a cycle: trash myself to reward myself.;Jeff Bridges;cool
That's one of the cool things about fame. You have an affect on society and where it goes.;Jeff Bridges;cool
I just hope that theaters remain. I think there's something very wonderful about getting into a dark room with a bunch of people. There's something cool about that. Brings us all together in one room where we can experience all those emotions.;Jeff Bridges;cool
I remember being on film sets when I was younger, and only men got to do the cool action movies. So I thought, 'Maybe I'll get to produce one day and get to do cool stuff too,' which is what happened when we did 'Charlie's Angels.' Starting my production company was a big turning point for me.;Drew Barrymore;cool
Competition is great. And as long as it's friendly and not a malicious thing, then I think it's cool.;Janet Jackson;cool
Someone who doesn't take herself too seriously and can be a goofball. Because everyone's a nerd inside, I don't care how cool you are.;Channing Tatum;cool
I grew up not really having anything, so the idea that I can take care of my family and my friends now is a really cool bonus.;Katy Perry;cool
Sure, climbing Mount Everest would be cool, but that's something I would now like to do as a family. Big experiences like that I don't want to have on my own anymore. I want to share them.;Heidi Klum;cool
When I was younger, I had a perm, and it was really big. My mom was a hairdresser, so even my dad had a perm! I looked like a poodle, but it was cool at the time.;Heidi Klum;cool
I once sang 'Summer Nights,' from 'Grease,' at a bar in Melbourne with John Travolta, who's a good friend of mine. He looked cool singing the part of Danny - sitting in an armchair, smoking a cigar - while I got stuck playing Sandy.;Hugh Jackman;cool
They're very, uh, you know, I don't come from the suburbs and a jolly, Disney type of lifestyle. I come from something totally different. And they're cool and bare minimum so it's not always a money issue for me.;Shia LaBeouf;cool
I've been in fights, but that doesn't make me cool or like a tough guy or more interesting actor, I'm not proud of it.;Shia LaBeouf;cool
What's cool is when you're able to give your audience imagination and you don't have to cage them in like animals.;Shia LaBeouf;cool
I'm a video game fan, and I always thought it would be cool to be able to control a character.;Shia LaBeouf;cool
It's cool now to play golf.;Tiger Woods;cool
The Internet is for haters. Everyone wants to knock somebody down, but it's cool.;Andy Cohen;cool
I know that people think I'm sexy and I am looked at as that. It is cool with me. It's wonderful to have sexy appeal. If you embrace it, it can be a very beautiful thing.;Aaliyah;cool
