David and Dad didn't get along too well growing up. I mean we all got along, but it was harder on David, because David wasn't going to be the son that Dad wanted. But now they're like best friends.;Amy Sedaris;dad
Mom and Dad would stay in bed on Sunday morning, but the kids would have to go to church.;Lynn Johnston;dad
I wanted my children to have the same exposure to the water I had. My strongest memories of Northeast Harbor are going in a small Whaler with my dad, looking for osprey.;Parker Stevenson;dad
My dad was a musician, it was just what he did, like another guy's dad drives a meat truck. Our house was normal. We weren't taken with the fact our dad was a musician.;Branford Marsalis;dad
My dad has a really great record collection that basically went up to the year I was born: 1984.;Ezra Koenig;dad
My dad grew up in a working-class Jewish neighbourhood, and I got a scholarship from my dad's union to go to college. I went there to get an education, not as an extension of privilege.;Ezra Koenig;dad
My dad was a musician. He was a singer and he played the guitar, so music was always around.;Kris Allen;dad
I've always wanted to be a dad.;Kris Allen;dad
My first memory of the Rolling Stones is listening to 'Satisfaction' at a sixth-grade slumber party at a friend's house in Ankara, Turkey, where my family was living at the time. In the middle of our sleepover, my friend's dad stopped the record when he heard the words 'girlie action!';Gayle King;dad
My dad used to say, 'You have to become part of the machine to beat the machine,' and there's some validity in it. But honestly, even when I'm inside the machine, you still see me. I stick out a little bit.;Michael Shannon;dad
Your kids can say some cruel things to you at times. For example, Nicole, Miles and Sofie are standing there in the room and I'm dressed to kill in my own mind. They'll say to me, 'Dad, you're not going out there looking like that are you?' If that doesn't kill a star, I don't know what does!;Lionel Richie;dad
I am an obsessive garage cleaner - my wife and the neighbors make fun of me. I remember that my father was the same way, and now when I'm out there unearthing things in the garage, I realize I am becoming my dad!;Chris O'Donnell;dad
Keep in my mind my dad didn't become a huge, huge mega actor until I was halfway through high school - so right around the time he's going through his big renaissance is right when I'm starting to do my high school revolting.;Colin Hanks;dad
My dad has always been extremely supportive in every decision I've made and much more interested in me picking what I wanted to do.;Colin Hanks;dad
I knew that I needed to do something that I desperately loved. There was a period where I did question if it was acting because I knew that I would be making things hard on myself. I knew that there was going to be a little bit of a hullabaloo because of my dad being who he is and all that.;Colin Hanks;dad
When I was younger it was - you know, my dad dressed up in drag on 'Bosom Buddies.' And that was what I was having to deal with at the time. And then around the time that I was into college was when he became statue-worthy I guess you could say.;Colin Hanks;dad
This is like my dad's race team where we had one Legend car. If we wrecked it, we couldn't race the next week unless we had enough parts to put it back together again.;Kurt Busch;dad
Before, I guess, mum and dad were everything, but now, in my case, I had two new girls and all of a sudden they're completely dependent on you and there's a third generation. It's a funny shift all of a sudden. You have the babies, you have yourself and then you have your parents.;Roger Federer;dad
I was just a kid and I didn't have a dad. That's hard, because when you're a kid, you blame yourself for everything. And I blamed myself for him not being around, for my parents not being together.;Jonathan Rhys Meyers;dad
You can tell your uncle stuff that you could not tell your dad. That is kind of the role of an uncle. I feel very much like a father sometimes but sometimes I feel like a teammate.;Dusty Baker;dad
Whenever I'm in theatre situations I will go out of my way not to talk about my father, but in the film world I can be really proud of my family and say, 'You know what: my dad's a really, really famous theatre director,' because nobody has any idea.;Rebecca Hall;dad
My dad was great. He was very droll, very dry.;Albert Finney;dad
A lot of times I would go into a room and audition for whatever sitcom it was and they would expect me to do sort of what my dad was doing and I am not him so they would be disappointed and I would feel nervous and not know exactly how to do it.;Jason Ritter;dad
Even if I tried to be my dad, it would be a mediocre, slightly embarrassing version.;Jason Ritter;dad
I knew I really made it when my dad saw me in London and after the performance he had no notes to me and just said 'You are doing your own thing and I am proud of you.';Jason Ritter;dad
And my dad wanted me to play the trumpet because that's what he liked. His idol was Louis Armstrong. My dad thought my teeth came together in a way that was perfect for playing the trumpet.;Jackson Browne;dad
Now, guitar was pretty cool. Everybody knew something on the guitar. So I wanted to play guitar, but I told my dad if he wanted me to keep studying something, I'd like to study piano.;Jackson Browne;dad
I grew up in Greenwich Village. Dad was friends with John Lennon and Yoko Ono.;Yancy Butler;dad
I think there's nothing better than laughing in life, so that's nice, to be thought of as someone who can make someone laugh. It's 'cause I think life is hard. You know, my dad was a really silly man. A great Irish silly man. And that's fine.;Joan Cusack;dad
I'm a dad and that's pretty important.;Todd Akin;dad
My dad was a football player - a soccer player - for Manchester United, and I loved playing football, but I also happened to be the guy in class who was pretty good at sight reading. My teacher gave me scripts, and I was very comfortable.;Ian McShane;dad
Well, Steve Vai joined my dad's band right around the time when I actually started playing guitar. So he gave me a couple of lessons on fundamentals, and gave me some scales and practice things to work on. But I pretty much learned everything by ear.;Dweezil Zappa;dad
And, you know, my dad would show me some things sometimes, but the best things that I got to do were to actually see really good players play up close. That gives you an idea of fingering and technique and what not.;Dweezil Zappa;dad
I liked a lot of the things other people liked - Jimi Hendrix, The Beatles, Van Halen, AC/DC - but if I compared it to my dad's music, there just seemed to be elements missing.;Dweezil Zappa;dad
I didn't really hear any other music other than what my dad was working on until I was 12. My recollection of hearing other music was that I liked some things that I heard but I always thought, 'Where's the rest of it?' It didn't have the same amount of detail or instrumentation or imagination in the arrangements.;Dweezil Zappa;dad
My dad taught me to be a leader or a follower, and he said follower ain't fun. So I want to be the leader of Bubba Watson.;Bubba Watson;dad
I had just lost my dad and I remembered all the songs we used to go and hear at concerts, and the records around the house and sometimes we'd play together.;Vince Gill;dad
The real beauty of it - key to my life was playing key chords on a banjo. For somebody else it may be a golf club that mom and dad put in their hands or a baseball or ballet lessons. Real gift to give to me and put it in writing.;Vince Gill;dad
I'm being a dad and a good husband.;Chad Smith;dad
I'm worried because of my mother, she's going to see my performance and she's quite hard. She's going to see me naked. And my Dad, woah. Yeah, they're going to see me like a woman, you know?;Eva Green;dad
My dad didn't want me to play guitar. He played piano, so I chose that. And I ended up loving it.;Gavin DeGraw;dad
Growing up, my father was a financial analyst for an oil company. He was just a regular dad. And when I would say, 'Hey, come see my play,' he'd say, 'Sure.' He'd see one, 'Oh, good play' - you know, very typical dad reaction.;Eric McCormack;dad
I was a sickly baby, and after two sets of adoptive parents took me home, they returned me to the orphanage because of a serious respiratory infection. But as they say, the third time's a charm, because my mom and dad adopted me and took me into their home where I was raised in a family full of love.;Rodney Atkins;dad
Right now, it hasn't affected my music other than the fact that I don't have time to write any of it. That's no different from when I first started and I lived at home. I would play the guitar in the afternoon and then my mom or my dad would come home and I'd have to quit.;Paul Westerberg;dad
The best thing about being a dad? Well, I think it's just the thing that every man wants - to have a son and heir.;George Best;dad
We all feel really blessed to have been with my dad for these 85 years.;Beau Bridges;dad
I've always wanted to be a dad. I just can't wait to have a little rug rat running around. I used to want five or six kids, but maybe I've become too self-absorbed over the years. I think two would be perfect.;Josh Duhamel;dad
I lost my dad way too early and it was agonisingly awful. I missed him so much and I hated knowing that I could never again pick up the phone to tell him about my day.;Monica Seles;dad
But more importantly, I think he remembered how very close I was with my own dad, who had died in 1997.;Richard Marx;dad
My dad worked several jobs to pay for my expense in skating.;Nancy Kerrigan;dad
I was who I was in high school in accordance with the rules of conduct for a normal person, like obeying your mom and dad. Then I got out of high school and moved out of the house, and I just started, for lack of a better term, running free.;Iggy Pop;dad
My kids love it. I thought I was the coolest dad in the world when I got to be in a Bond film, but 'Harry Potter', too? Well, I think I qualify for a medal for exceptional parenting or something, don't you?;Robbie Coltraine;dad
My parents were both actors my dad sort of quite early on. My mother acted for a while, and now she's a painter.;Sam Rockwell;dad
I'm an artist, and I go in the studio and make my music. And then I'll give it to my dad and he does what he does. And he does, you know, the press, and figuring out shows and whatnot. When it comes to my artistic freedom, he doesn't, like, step on my toes or anything.;Ashlee Simpson;dad
A lot of young filmmakers bring their movies to my dad because he always gives lots of good editing ideas and notes. He'd be a good film professor.;Sofia Coppola;dad
Mom was the one who taught me unconditional love. With Dad, I'd always felt there was something to live up to - expectations. But in the last year, we had a wonderful relationship.;Greg Louganis;dad
I didn't want to have braces when I was a kid and I'm pretty sure my dad didn't want to pay for them.;Jessica Pare;dad
Life is different than it was in the Nineties. I'm a dad, and there are other things I have to get done in an afternoon than just being an artist.;Chris Robinson;dad
If you had told me at 45 years old that I would have to go on tour to get rest, I would've said, 'That's not how it works.' But nothing can be more gratifying. I'm a very hands-on dad.;Chris Robinson;dad
So I was always around music and my dad was in his own way a progressive jazzer, a big band jazzer guy.;Billy Sherwood;dad
My dad farmed, my granddad was a farmer. I wanted to be a farmer.;Sam Brownback;dad
When my dad died a lot of songs came, and they're still coming.;Rosanne Cash;dad
Because I was starting out in my 20's. I wanted to do it on my own. I didn't want to use my dad or have people say I was using him.;Rosanne Cash;dad
I'm afraid that this is me getting on my high horse now but we have yob television, yob newspapers, and funny enough whereas it was my mum and dad, school, police, church who used to set the standards, now it's tabloids and yob television who set the standards by which people live.;Gordon Strachan;dad
That's what my Dad always told me, on the ballot, they should always have a third choice, like none of the above, then if enough people picked that, they'd have to get new candidates.;Meg White;dad
I always had a standard of, back when I was doing the country music I always told people I would never record a song that I wouldn't sit down and sing in front of my mom and dad.;Ricky Skaggs;dad
I deal with my sons like young men. If they have a problem with something, they come to me. I am the type of dad that will drop everything I am doing for them, and always tell them to talk to me about it.;Tracy Morgan;dad
I think when I was a kid, and I was in England and it was all about The Stones, The Who, The Kinks and The Beatles and that's what my dad was into.;Slash;dad
My dad is a huge rock and roll lead guitar fan. I didn't even really know that until recently. Everything has to have a guitar solo in it.;Slash;dad
My dad is a huge rock n' roll lead guitar fan.;Slash;dad
I was born in Corpus Christi, Texas, the youngest of four girls, including my oldest sister, Lisa, who has special needs. My mom was a special education teacher, and my dad worked on the Army base. We weren't wealthy, but we were determined to succeed.;Eva Longoria;dad
I'm Bam Margera. And I feel like kicking my dad's butt all day today.;Bam Margera;dad
Dad went to Canada to learn how to fly with the Royal Canadian Air Force. He took me on my first airplane ride, where I could have a hand on the stick.;Wally Schirra;dad
The last thing I want my child to see is Dad running around in the middle of the pack. That would really upset me. And that would upset him. I would be embarrassed to take him to school with kids saying, 'Hey, how'd your dad do this weekend?' 'Well, he finished fifth or sixth'.;Dan Wheldon;dad
I had the best of both worlds when I was a kid. I'd spend a quiet week with my mum, then I'd go to my dad's property in the Adelaide Hills, where there were all these kids and animals running around.;Teresa Palmer;dad
My dad would always say, 'What can you do to make the world a better place?' Well, I can make people laugh.;Jon Lovitz;dad
Tiffany is very proud to have the last name and she's proud of her dad.;Marla Maples;dad
As much as I transferred my mother to Elizabeth Shore of The Black Dahlia, as much as her dad mutated into an obsession with crime in general, well, I have thought about other things throughout the years.;James Ellroy;dad
I grew up watching Monday Night Football with Howard Cosell and the other guys with my dad.;Lisa Guerrero;dad
So my dad raised me, and he's a huge football fan.;Lisa Guerrero;dad
When I found out I got this job, I cried, of course - I'm a girly-girl - and then I called my dad, and he cried, too. On so many levels, this is a thrill for me.;Lisa Guerrero;dad
I grew up loving Walter Payton. My dad used to always show us film of him.;Shaun Alexander;dad
You know when everyone's watching, your mom and dad, your friends in high school who thought they were better than you. You get your chance to get in the spotlight and shine.;Shaun Alexander;dad
We would make songs, and the producers said we should play it for my dad. I was kind of scared, I didn't know what to think cuz we were just joking around.;Lil' Romeo;dad
My dad was a workaholic. I saw him work seven days a week.;Kay Bailey Hutchison;dad
I love my hockey, but if you can do that and go home and just be a dad and husband, then you have the best of both worlds.;Curtis Joseph;dad
Although becoming a singer was my plan A after first hearing Whitney Houston when I was 17, I started off with plan B by going to the teacher-training college that my dad went to. It was a slow coming of age.;Toni Braxton;dad
I finished high school, moved to Nashville for college, and set out to break into the music business. Every night when I called home with news of my experiences, my mom and dad would encourage me to keep taking those small steps.;Trisha Yearwood;dad
We sat together as a family for dinner at night. And my mother had a job. My dad had a job. But there was always a meal on the table at 6:00, you know.;Trisha Yearwood;dad
From time to time, I'll look back through the personal journals I've scribbled in throughout my life, the keepers of my raw thoughts and emotions. The words poured forth after my dad died, when I went through a divorce, and after I was diagnosed with breast cancer. There are so many what-ifs scribbled on those pages.;Hoda Kotb;dad
So I go to my first book signing, and these two girls came up and gave me a piece of paper: '10 reasons you should date our dad. He climbed Mount Kilimanjaro. He's a lawyer.' He didn't know what was going on. He didn't even know me. They called him, and he came down and asked me out that day. Now I'm dating their dad!;Hoda Kotb;dad
Being an only child, I didn't have any other family but my mom and dad really, since the rest of my family lived quite far away from London.;Tom Hardy;dad
I wanted my dad to be proud of me, and I fell into acting because there wasn't anything else I could do, and in it I found a discipline that I wanted to keep coming back to, that I love and I learn about every day.;Tom Hardy;dad
My dad still calls me and makes sure I'm taking my vitamins.;Melanie Fiona;dad
I'm gonna be the best dad that ever lived. I'll have a ranch with a race car track and a golf course.;Jeremy London;dad
Recently, I was in Bernalda, my dad's ancestral home town in Italy. He has just refurbished a palazzo and turned it into a hotel, so we had my sister's wedding there. It was beautiful.;Roman Coppola;dad
My dad had been shortstop when he was in college, and you know, when you're a kid, you want to be just like your dad.;Derek Jeter;dad
As it has been told to me, my Dad had some kind of deal with Dick Clark. But when we got here, that fell through. So we were out here with no job, no furniture, no food.;Danny Bonaduce;dad
In the original draft I was 27 and Peter was 55 in the script. That's not the same as a guy in his 40s and a dad in the end of his 70s. It's a different point in both our lives.;Paul Reiser;dad
