All the good music has already been written by people with wigs and stuff.;Frank Zappa;music
For I have learned to look on nature, not as in the hour of thoughtless youth, but hearing oftentimes the still, sad music of humanity.;William Wordsworth;music
I love Wagner, but the music I prefer is that of a cat hung up by its tail outside a window and trying to stick to the panes of glass with its claws.;Charles Baudelaire;music
Music is what I breath, what I love to do. It keeps me alive.;Miley Cyrus;music
Great art is as irrational as great music. It is mad with its own loveliness.;George Jean Nathan;music
Every man's work, whether it be literature, or music or pictures or architecture or anything else, is always a portrait of himself.;Samuel Butler;music
Music with dinner is an insult both to the cook and the violinist.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;music
Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.;Steve Martin;music
Death is the king of this world: 'Tis his park where he breeds life to feed him. Cries of pain are music for his banquet.;George Eliot;music
Listen to your inner-voice: Surround yourself with loving, nurturing people. Fall in love with your art and find yourself. Music is the great communicator.;Glenn Hughes;music
Music is always a commentary on society.;Frank Zappa;music
Music is the melody whose text is the world.;Arthur Schopenhauer;music
Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life.;Ludwig van Beethoven;music
A few can touch the magic string, and noisy fame is proud to win them: Alas for those that never sing, but die with all their music in them!;Oliver Wendell Holmes;music
I don't like country music, but I don't mean to denigrate those who do. And for the people who like country music, denigrate means 'put down'.;Bob Newhart;music
To me, the greatest pleasure of writing is not what it's about, but the inner music that words make.;Truman Capote;music
Nevertheless the passions, whether violent or not, should never be so expressed as to reach the point of causing disgust and music, even in situations of the greatest horror, should never be painful to the ear but should flatter and charm it, and thereby always remain music.;Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart;music
One of the interesting things here is that the people who should be shaping the future are politicians. But the political framework itself is so dead and closed that people look to other sources, like artists, because art and music allow people a certain freedom.;Thom Yorke;music
Life is like music it must be composed by ear, feeling, and instinct, not by rule.;Samuel Butler;music
Music should strike fire from the heart of man, and bring tears form the eyes of woman.;Ludwig van Beethoven;music
I listened, motionless and still And, as I mounted up the hill, The music in my heart I bore, Long after it was heard no more.;William Wordsworth;music
Singing is a way of releasing an emotion that you sometimes can't portray when you're acting. And music moves your soul, so music is the source of the most intense emotions you can feel. When you hear a song and you're acting it's incredible. But when you're singing a song and you're acting it's even more incredible.;Amanda Seyfried;music
I enjoy all forms of music - pop, classical and opera.;Stephen Hawking;music
Medicine to produce health must examine disease and music, to create harmony must investigate discord.;Plutarch;music
Teens think listening to music helps them concentrate. It doesn't. It relieves them of the boredom that concentration on homework induces.;Marilyn vos Savant;music
Music makes us want to live. You don't know how many times people have told me that they'd been down and depressed and just wanted to die. But then a special song caught their ear and that helped give them renewed strength. That's the power music has.;Mary J. Blige;music
What I've discovered is that in art, as in music, there's a lot of truth-and then there's a lie. The artist is essentially creating his work to make this lie a truth, but he slides it in amongst all the others. The tiny little lie is the moment I live for, my moment. It's the moment that the audience falls in love.;Lady Gaga;music
Back then people closed their eyes and listened to music. Today there's a lot of images that go with the music. A lot of music is crap and it's all commercial and the images are all trying to sell the record.;Neil Young;music
Honestly, I don't listen to nobody else's music but my own. It's kind of like sports to me. You don't see Kobe Bryant at a LeBron James game - he just works on his own game. And that's what I do. I only listen to me, so I can criticize and analyze and all those things.;Lil Wayne;music
We live in the mind, in ideas, in fragments. We no longer drink in the wild outer music of the streets - we remember only.;Henry Miller;music
The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul.;Johann Sebastian Bach;music
Some music really does suck!;Henry Rollins;music
Music is the wine which inspires one to new generative processes, and I am Bacchus who presses out this glorious wine for mankind and makes them spiritually drunken.;Ludwig van Beethoven;music
It is a wise tune that knows its own father, and I like my music to be the legitimate offspring of respectable parents.;Samuel Butler;music
Of all noises, I think music is the least disagreeable.;Samuel Johnson;music
Music is harmony, harmony is perfection, perfection is our dream, and our dream is heaven.;Henri Frederic Amiel;music
I want my fans to love themselves. It's almost like I want to hypnotize them so when they hear my music they love themselves instantly.;Lady Gaga;music
Musicians don't retire they stop when there's no more music in them.;Louis Armstrong;music
Music should probably provide answers in terms of lyrical content, and giving people a sense of togetherness and oneness, as opposed to being alone in their thoughts and dilemmas or regrets or happiness or whatever.;Peabo Bryson;music
Music has healing power. It has the ability to take people out of themselves for a few hours.;Elton John;music
Big companies are like marching bands. Even if half the band is playing random notes, it still sounds kind of like music. The concealment of failure is built into them.;Doug Coupland;music
Music is spiritual. The music business is not.;Van Morrison;music
In memory everything seems to happen to music.;Tennessee Williams;music
I love music. It's freedom, a way to deal with pent-up frustration.;Ice Cube;music
I believe that music is a force in itself. It is there and it needs an outlet, a medium. In a way, we are just the medium.;Maynard James Keenan;music
Music is the pleasure the human mind experiences from counting without being aware that it is counting.;Gottfried Leibniz;music
Music is amazing. There's some metaphysical comfort where it allows you to be isolated and alone while telling you that you are not alone... truly, the only cure for sadness is to share it with someone else.;Wayne Coyne;music
Stone walls confine a tinker cold iron binds a witch but a musician's music can never be fettered, for it lives first in her heart and mind.;Charles de Lint;music
Music is the best way for me to say I love you.;Mireille Mathieu;music
I just want to make music, I don't want people to talk about me. All I've ever wanted to do was sing. I don't want to be a celebrity. I don't want to be in people's faces, you know, constantly on covers of magazine that I haven't even known I'm on.;Adele;music
Music is a beautiful opiate, if you don't take it too seriously.;Henry Miller;music
To me, movies and music go hand in hand. When I'm writing a script, one of the first things I do is find the music I'm going to play for the opening sequence.;Quentin Tarantino;music
Like music and art, love of nature is a common language that can transcend political or social boundaries.;Jimmy Carter;music
Punk is not just the sound, the music. Punk is a lifestyle.;Billie Joe Armstrong;music
The bass, no matter what kind of music you're playing, it just enhances the sound and makes everything sound more beautiful and full. When the bass stops, the bottom kind of drops out of everything.;Charlie Haden;music
I'm a visual thinker, really bad at algebra. There's others that are a pattern thinker. These are the music and math minds. They think in patterns instead of pictures. Then there's another type that's not a visual thinker at all, and they're the ones that memorize all of the sports statistics, all of the weather statistics.;Temple Grandin;music
I think the drummer should sit back there and play some drums, and never mind about the tunes. Just get up there and wail behind whoever is sitting up there playing the solo. And this is what is lacking, definitely lacking in music today.;Buddy Rich;music
Rock and Roll: Music for the neck downwards.;Keith Richards;music
The scarcity of the music not only makes the music itself enjoyable but it also gives the collector a strange sense of superiority.;Henry Rollins;music
Music is about listening, the more you play, the more the magic spreads.;Maynard James Keenan;music
I learnt a whole lot from my mother. About music, relationships, being a good person, loving people, the whole of life. I learnt about everything from her. Every single day I think about her. All through the day.;R. Kelly;music
Music is for people. The word 'pop' is simply short for popular. It means that people like it. I'm just a normal jerk who happens to make music. As long as my brain and fingers work, I'm cool.;Eddie Van Halen;music
On the other hand, what I like my music to do to me is awaken the ghosts inside of me. Not the demons, you understand, but the ghosts.;David Bowie;music
Music is a fantastic peacekeeper of the world, it is integral to harmony, and it is a required fundamental of human emotion.;Xun Zi;music
Those who have virtue always in their mouths, and neglect it in practice, are like a harp, which emits a sound pleasing to others, while itself is insensible of the music.;Diogenes;music
I just hope that our fans are people who are inspired by music, and just use our music as a background or inspiration for whatever it is they do.;Maynard James Keenan;music
There is nothing stable in the world uproar's your only music.;John Keats;music
When music fails to agree to the ear, to soothe the ear and the heart and the senses, then it has missed the point.;Maria Callas;music
Through literacy you can begin to see the universe. Through music you can reach anybody. Between the two there is you, unstoppable.;Grace Slick;music
But I feel music has a very important role in ritual activity, and that being able to join in musical activity, along with dancing, could have been necessary at a very early stage of human culture.;E. O. Wilson;music
The world's a better place since I chose music.;Henry Rollins;music
Music is the doorway that has led me to drawing, photography, and writing.;Layne Staley;music
A jazz musician can improvise based on his knowledge of music. He understands how things go together. For a chef, once you have that basis, that's when cuisine is truly exciting.;Charlie Trotter;music
Lean your body forward slightly to support the guitar against your chest, for the poetry of the music should resound in your heart.;Andres Segovia;music
When I was a teenager, I began to settle into school because I'd discovered the extracurricular activities that interested me: music and theater.;Morgan Freeman;music
There's people making babies to my music. That's nice.;Barry White;music
If you want to be a rock star or just be famous, then run down the street naked, you'll make the news or something. But if you want music to be your livelihood, then play, play, play and play! And eventually you'll get to where you want to be.;Eddie Van Halen;music
I came into music just because I wanted the bread. It's true. I looked around and this seemed like the only way I was going to get the kind of bread I wanted.;Mick Jagger;music
You just pick up a chord, go twang, and you're got music.;Sid Vicious;music
Music is the universal language of mankind.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;music
Nothing pleases me more than to go into a room and come out with a piece of music.;Paul McCartney;music
Music is essentially useless, as is life.;George Santayana;music
Music is a means of giving form to our inner feelings, without attaching them to events or objects in the world.;George Santayana;music
Music, the greatest good that mortals know and all of heaven we have hear below.;Joseph Addison;music
Nothing is capable of being well set to music that is not nonsense.;Joseph Addison;music
Rock n' Roll came from the slaves singing gospel in the fields. Their lives were hell and they used music to lift out of it, to take them away. That's what rock n' roll should do - take you to a better place.;Meat Loaf;music
I think everybody can agree that you can hear a certain song and it will put you in a certain mood, and that's just the beauty of music and I am so inspired by that.;Shaun White;music
The more a race is governed by its passions, the less it has acquired the habit of cautious and reasoned argument, the more intense will be its love of music.;Stendhal;music
Music is mediator between spiritual and sensual life.;Ludwig van Beethoven;music
I get bored easily, so I need to do a lot. I've started a record label, so I get to nurture new talent and talk about music, which is a passion of mine. I've written another book. And I get to come to work and do the TV show, which is always really fun.;Ellen DeGeneres;music
I'm a big collector of vinyl - I have a record room in my house - and I've always had a huge soundtrack album collection. So what I do, as I'm writing a movie, is go through all those songs, trying to find good songs for fights, or good pieces of music to layer into the film.;Quentin Tarantino;music
No matter how many times people say it - 'Oh, I'm just writing this for myself' 'Oh, I'm just doing this for myself' - nobody's doing it for themselves! You're doing it for an audience. So whether I'm performing or writing a book or playing music, it's definitely to be put out there and to be received in some way, definitely.;Steve Martin;music
I feel good about being able to take bluegrass on to television like 'Letterman' and 'The View,' and I've heard nice things about being able to do that. I really haven't felt any negativity toward me or my music.;Steve Martin;music
I like all kinds of music. I listen to Abigail Washburn, the Punch Brothers, and Marc Johnson, the great clawhammer player. I also listen a lot to Sirius Radio, there's a lot of bluegrass there.;Steve Martin;music
I'm enamored with the art world. Anytime you look at anything that's considered artistic, there's a commercial world around it: the ballet, opera, any kind of music. It can't exist without it.;Steve Martin;music
Music, Rock and Roll music especially, is such a generational thing. Each generation must have their own music, I had my own in my generation, you have yours, everyone I know has their own generation.;Ronnie James Dio;music
Good music comes out of people playing together, knowing what they want to do and going for it. You have to sweat over it and bug it to death. You can't do it by pushing buttons and watching a TV screen.;Keith Richards;music
I had to resign myself, many years ago, that I'm not too articulate when it comes to explaining how I feel about things. But my music does it for me, it really does.;David Bowie;music
I don't want to limit myself musically. It would be really limiting if we'd neglect something we really want to do, like explore other styles of music.;Billie Joe Armstrong;music
