Rarely in modern times has there been such a revolution in commercial sentiment as occurred in 2008, or such a display in government and business of panic and helplessness.;James Buchan;business
Being in the business and growing up in L.A., I think I turned out pretty OK.;Emma Roberts;business
Profits in business always depend on the rate of interest: the higher the interest, the higher the rate of profit required.;James Buchan;business
Up until the Depression, recession had a moral character: it was supposed to purge the body economic of the greed and excess that attends a business expansion.;James Buchan;business
A shady business never yields a sunny life.;B. C. Forbes;business
Everybody's business is nobody's business, and nobody's business is my business.;Clara Barton;business
When a book leaves your hands, it belongs to God. He may use it to save a few souls or to try a few others, but I think that for the writer to worry is to take over God's business.;Flannery O'Connor;business
Anything that isn't opposed by about 40 percent of humanity is either an evil business or so unimportant that it simply doesn't matter.;Russell Baker;business
Except for politics, no business is scrutinized more exhaustively than journalism.;Russell Baker;business
There is a growing literature about the multitude of journalism's problems, but most of it is concerned with the editorial side of the business, possibly because most people competent to write about journalism are not comfortable writing about finance.;Russell Baker;business
A rise in the level of saving can reduce aggregate activity temporarily but only a sustained high level of saving makes it possible to have the sustained high level of business investment that contributes to the long-run growth of output.;Martin Feldstein;business
The best discussion of trouble in boardroom and business office is found in newspapers' own financial pages and speeches by journalists in management jobs.;Russell Baker;business
According to the Small Business Administration, more than 70 percent of all family businesses do not survive through the second generation, and 8 percent do not make it to a third.;Kit Bond;business
I have always maintained that society has no business dictating morality.;Peter Fonda;business
And then there's all these other creeps that surround your band and suck off you like leeches and try to manipulate you and your business. You have to watch like a hawk. I'm always ready to fight. I see it very much as a battle.;Shirley Manson;business
Business is tough you need tough guys.;Carlos Ghosn;business
In this business, if you don't pay your debts you're finished.;Roger Stone;business
When they take surveys of women in business, of the Fortune 500, the successful women, 80% of them, say they were in sports as a young woman.;Billie Jean King;business
I want to tell my jokes. I want to have time with my children. I want to entertain people. And at one point, I'll walk away from show business. But I don't want to walk away empty-handed.;Dave Chappelle;business
My home has always been show business.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;business
You can be in this business 50 years and still not know anything about it.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;business
I'm not really in the excuse business.;Bill Parcells;business
The only thing I fear more than change is no change. The business of being static makes me nuts.;Twyla Tharp;business
Judgment is not my business. Existing is my business.;Twyla Tharp;business
The reason is that they define how I have gone about my business. I have trusted to intuition. I did it at the beginning. I do it even now. I have no idea how things might turn out, where in my writing I might go next.;V. S. Naipaul;business
I went to India and met some people who had been involved in this guerrilla business, middle-class people who were rather vain and foolish. There was no revolutionary grandeur to it. Nothing.;V. S. Naipaul;business
Hackers are breaking the systems for profit. Before, it was about intellectual curiosity and pursuit of knowledge and thrill, and now hacking is big business.;Kevin Mitnick;business
It's a real roller-coaster ride if you're lucky to have longevity in this business - you have to be able to ride those waves.;Jennifer Lopez;business
Life... is not simply a series of exciting new ventures. The future is not always a whole new ball game. There tends to be unfinished business. One trails all sorts of things around with one, things that simply won't be got rid of.;Anita Brookner;business
I think early on I knew what I was going to do and it was based a lot on familiarity but it was also because I didn't have a lot of skills. There was nothing I wanted t be. I didn't want to be a doctor. I wanted to be in show business.;Christopher Walken;business
You have got to have discipline and focus - on the customer and how you run the business.;Jim Cantalupo;business
I think that if I had grown up and had been in show business and the movies twenty five, thirty years earlier, I think I would have made a lot more musical movies.;Christopher Walken;business
You just can't get too focused on worrying about what's going to happen in the next quarter. You have to worry about where the business is headed long-term.;James Sinegal;business
I think the fact that I was raised in show business, in New York City, in the '50s, that's affected my personality to the point that I'm a little different.;Christopher Walken;business
A business of high principle generates greater drive and effectiveness because people know that they can do the right thing decisively and with confidence.;Marvin Bower;business
Well, I was sort of a jack-of-all-trades in show business for a long time. I was a singer and a dancer and then I got a job as an actor.;Christopher Walken;business
I'm in exactly the same position as everybody else who has a small business. I mean I get loads of money, all from different sources. You give it to your accountant. They manage it.;Kenneth Robert Livingstone;business
I've made movies that I thought were good. I've made movies that I thought were okay, but then I was very good. And sometimes you're in a movie and you think, I wish more people saw that - because you're good. And it just works out that the movie gets lost. But that's show business.;Christopher Walken;business
There is the expression of selfishness and there is the expression of selflessness - but economists or theoreticians never touched that part. They said: 'Go and become a philanthropist.' I said, 'No, I can do that in the business world, create a different kind of business - a business based on selflessness.';Muhammad Yunus;business
I still work hard to know my business. I'm continuously looking for ways to improve all my companies, and I'm always selling. Always.;Mark Cuban;business
The more you are in this business, the more humbled by it you become.;Meryl Streep;business
Show business has been really, really good to me because I can work and take a lot of time off, and I'm extremely undisciplined person.;Meryl Streep;business
The Postal Service's unmatched ability to reach every household and business in America six days a week is a vital part of the nation's infrastructure.;Joe Baca;business
I grew up in the business since I was three years old so I've always kind of been in front of the camera and grew up in commercials and I knew that I wanted to do it no matter what, I just loved it.;Ashley Tisdale;business
You have to have your heart in the business and the business in your heart.;An Wang;business
I've always been able to keep my private life separate from my business.;Ashley Tisdale;business
The stores and the things like that, the business side of things came out at the point when, I'd say probably in the early '70s, it looked like the year of the singer-songwriter was over, 'cause music changed in our time and the spotlight was out.;Jimmy Buffett;business
I had no idea that he was going to write that, but I've always believed that insecurity was what would keep you always in your innocence, no matter what the business did.;Sally Kirkland;business
I realize that the majority of people in the entertainment business happen to be Democrats. I have no problem with that. And they should have no problem with the fact that I'm a Republican.;Shannen Doherty;business
My business is the enforcement of the tax laws and the integrity of the tax code and making sure that trustees of charitable giving are true trustees.;Chuck Grassley;business
The goal seems to me at times just to be business first.;Laura Linney;business
I've set the model of showing fighters how they should conduct their business.;Floyd Mayweather, Jr.;business
I have a fine level of recognition in the business and among the acting community now, so I consider myself one of the lucky ones. If I didn't think that, there would be something wrong with me. I'm grateful and thankful for what I've got.;Philip Seymour Hoffman;business
There are two ways to extend a business. Take inventory of what you're good at and extend out from your skills. Or determine what your customers need and work backward, even if it requires learning new skills. Kindle is an example of working backward.;Jeff Bezos;business
It's not just Bin Laden or just those that are involved in the counterterrorism effort. We've gotta cast the net broader than that. But I think it's a - very special tribute that we all owe to the bravery and courage of the men and women in the intelligence and military business who performed so well to finally get it done.;Dick Cheney;business
You can't be halfway in this business. If you don't meet the fans, you lose all you've got.;Loretta Lynn;business
Sometimes I think our problems are made worse by the kind of business we're in. Playing these road shows is a weird experience.;Loretta Lynn;business
I never knew any Jews until I got into show business. I've found them to be real smart and good workers.;Loretta Lynn;business
A woman's two cents worth is worth two cents in the music business.;Loretta Lynn;business
If anybody ran a business like that they would be out of business quickly, and Barack Obama's leadership is driving this business, the United States of America, toward a fiscal cliff.;Chris Christie;business
All those lessons that I've learned on the court, I have applied them to my life outside of the court in business, my company, called V Starr interiors, an interior design company, and EleVen, which I wear on court.;Venus Williams;business
The business is a very tricky obstacle course, and you should be very clear about work begetting work. If you're not working, you're not interesting.;Elisabeth Rohm;business
Everything is tennis for me, it's my career and it's entertainment, but it's also a business.;Venus Williams;business
I'd still like to see 'Survivor' minus the planned show-biz parts. That would be the purest form of show business - I want to see someone so hungry that they eat somebody else's foot.;Albert Brooks;business
Movies are an expensive business.;Albert Brooks;business
You cannot run a business, or anything else, on a theory.;Harold S. Geneen;business
If you can't pay for a thing, don't buy it. If you can't get paid for it, don't sell it. Do this, and you will have calm and drowsy nights, with all of the good business you have now and none of the bad. If you have time, don't wait for time.;Ernst Fischer;business
America's political system has evolved over the last 50 years in ways that have enhanced the power of business lobbies.;Al Gore;business
In the NFL a lot of times everyone gets caught up in the business side of things. For them it's all about money and it really leaves a sour taste in your mouth.;Brett Favre;business
I just make it my business to get along with people so I can have fun. It's that simple.;Betty White;business
I'm in the acting business. That's the ego business.;Betty White;business
I stayed in show business to pay for my animal business.;Betty White;business
I always wanted to be a zookeeper when I was growing up, and I've wound up a zookeeper! I've been working with the Los Angeles Zoo for 45 years! I'm the luckiest old broad on two feet because my life is divided absolutely in half - half animals and half show business. You can't ask for better than two things you love the most.;Betty White;business
I am interested in a lot of things - not just show business and my passion for animals. I try to keep current in what's going on in the world. I do mental exercises. I don't have any trouble memorizing lines because of the crossword puzzles I do every day to keep my mind a little limber. I don't sit and vegetate.;Betty White;business
I cannot stand the people who get wonderful starts in show business and who abuse it. Lindsay Lohan and Charlie Sheen, for example, although there are plenty of others, too. They are the most blessed people in the world, and they don't appreciate it.;Betty White;business
Married couples who work together to build and maintain a business assume broad responsibilities. Not only is their work important to our local and national economies, but their success is central to the well-being of their families.;Melissa Bean;business
Even if the chef has a good business head, his focus should be behind kitchen doors. A business partner should take care of everything in front of the kitchen doors.;Bobby Flay;business
The Golden Rule finds no limit of application in business.;James Cash Penney;business
What makes the most money for this business? Dead rock stars.;Courtney Love;business
Further, Take heed that you faithfully perform the business you have to do in the world, from a regard to the commands of God and not from an ambitious desire of being esteemed better than others.;David Brainerd;business
If bad things are going to be said about me, I have to bear that. If I don't understand that it's part of being in show business, then I'd better go work in a bank.;Antonio Banderas;business
Rock stars get room keys, I get business cards.;Thomas Friedman;business
The people who are competing business-wise out there want what other successful labels and artists have. I don't want what they have I want my own path, my own sound, my own identity. Record labels care nothing about identity or artistic freedom, they want good business.;Joe Nichols;business
The nature of motion capture is only going to work for certain films. It's not going to put any other type of movies out of business.;Tom Hanks;business
I think I thought it would be important for electronics as we knew it then, but that was a much simpler business and electronics was mostly radio and television and the first computers.;Jack Kilby;business
I do not want to admit to the world that I can be a bad person. It is just that I don't want anyone to have false expectations. Moviemaking is a harsh, volatile business, and unless you can be ruthless, too, there's a good chance that you are going to disappear off the scene pretty quickly.;Tom Hanks;business
Let me tell you quite bluntly that this king business has given me personally nothing but headaches.;Mohammed Reza Pahlavi;business
I think any opportunity you have to be green, whether it's in business or in everyday life, you should take it.;Lauren Conrad;business
There's not a business or a master plan as far as I'm concerned. I take it week by week, and I don't think you ever expect to be able to do the next thing.;Lauren Conrad;business
Politics are about preserving relationships at the end of the day, and it has nothing to do with the greater good for humanity. It's just all about business.;will.i.am;business
You can rule ignorance you can manipulate the illiterate you can do whatever you want when a people are uneducated, so that goes in line with corrupt business and corrupt politics.;will.i.am;business
I'm glad about what's happening to the music business. This last crop of people we had in the 90s, who are going away now, they didn't like music. They didn't trust musicians. They wanted something else from it.;James Taylor;business
I wasn't looking to get into TV. My family was in the movie business, so I was never interested in that world.;Giada De Laurentiis;business
Secure our borders first. Let us know and let us make sure the American people know that we're taking care of the important business of dealing with the illegal immigration into this country. You cannot begin to address the concerns of the people who are already here unless and until you have made certain that no more are coming in behind them.;Michael Steele;business
They keep the old business. We keep the ongoing business.;Harvey Weinstein;business
I learned what I really love is making films, not the film business. I want to be on the set, meeting with writers, I want that freedom. I love it now.;Harvey Weinstein;business
If an Internet company steals content, they shut it down. And let me tell you, Apple France, Yahoo France or Google France, none of them have gone out of business.;Harvey Weinstein;business
I'm probably the only person who goes to work and says 'Wow, it's really nice here and sweet,' even in the competitive movie business.;Harvey Weinstein;business
I became a larger than life figure for one reason only. When you're quoted in the 'Wall Street Journal,' the 'New York Times,' constantly as the expert in the business people assume you're a lot bigger than you are. And then I had to run like hell to catch up with my own image.;Barbara Corcoran;business
