All that I am I owe to Jesus Christ, revealed to me in His divine Book.;David Livingstone;faith
We are a long time in learning that all our strength and salvation is in God.;David Brainerd;faith
I die the king's faithful servant, but God's first.;Thomas More;faith
I seek a deeper truth, but I don't think I have to go to a building designated for worship to find it.;Ted Lange;faith
Faith is reason grown courageous.;Sherwood Eddy;faith
Only faith is sufficient.;Robert Ley;faith
Faith is not a thing which one 'loses,' we merely cease to shape our lives by it.;Georges Bernanos;faith
No matter how old we become, we can still call them 'Holy Mother' and 'Father' and put a child-like trust in them.;Desmond Morris;faith
My heart hath often been deeply afflicted under a feeling that the standard of pure righteousness is not lifted up to the people by us, as a society, in that clearness which it might have been, had we been as faithful as we ought to be to the teachings of Christ.;John Woolman;faith
It was seldom that I attended any religious meetings, as my parents had not much faith in and were never so unfortunate as to unite themselves with any of the religious sects.;Orson Pratt;faith
Fear is the denomination of the Old Testament belief is the denomination of the New.;Benjamin Whichcote;faith
Vision looks upward and becomes faith.;Stephen Samuel Wise;faith
Faith is not contrary to reason.;Sherwood Eddy;faith
I think the greatest taboos in America are faith and failure.;Michael Malone;faith
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.;Norman Vincent Peale;faith
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.;Bruce Lee;faith
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.;Helen Keller;faith
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.;Mahatma Gandhi;faith
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty.;Zig Ziglar;faith
Faith makes all things possible... love makes all things easy.;Dwight L. Moody;faith
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history.;Mahatma Gandhi;faith
If you have a particular faith or religion, that is good. But you can survive without it.;Dalai Lama;faith
Lets have faith that right makes might and in that faith let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it.;Abraham Lincoln;faith
Some people feel guilty about their anxieties and regard them as a defect of faith but they are afflictions, not sins. Like all afflictions, they are, if we can so take them, our share in the passion of Christ.;C. S. Lewis;faith
Trust is to human relationships what faith is to gospel living. It is the beginning place, the foundation upon which more can be built. Where trust is, love can flourish.;Barbara Smith;faith
There is nothing that wastes the body like worry, and one who has any faith in God should be ashamed to worry about anything whatsoever.;Mahatma Gandhi;faith
My faith helps me overcome such negative emotions and find my equilibrium.;Dalai Lama;faith
Let us be sure that those who come after will say of us in our time, that in our time we did everything that could be done. We finished the race we kept them free we kept the faith.;Ronald Reagan;faith
To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;faith
It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believed in myself.;Muhammad Ali;faith
Faith is an oasis in the heart which will never be reached by the caravan of thinking.;Khalil Gibran;faith
I have no faith in human perfectability. I think that human exertion will have no appreciable effect upon humanity. Man is now only more active - not more happy - nor more wise, than he was 6000 years ago.;Edgar Allan Poe;faith
Anyone who knows history, particularly the history of Europe, will, I think, recognize that the domination of education or of government by any one particular religious faith is never a happy arrangement for the people.;Eleanor Roosevelt;faith
One of the things I learned the hard way was that it doesn't pay to get discouraged. Keeping busy and making optimism a way of life can restore your faith in yourself.;Lucille Ball;faith
Faith... must be enforced by reason... when faith becomes blind it dies.;Mahatma Gandhi;faith
My family, frankly, they weren't folks who went to church every week. My mother was one of the most spiritual people I knew but she didn't raise me in the church, so I came to my Christian faith later in life and it was because the precepts of Jesus Christ spoke to me in terms of the kind of life that I would want to lead.;Barack Obama;faith
Faith, there hath been many great men that have flattered the people who ne'er loved them.;William Shakespeare;faith
Have no fear of moving into the unknown. Simply step out fearlessly knowing that I am with you, therefore no harm can befall you all is very, very well. Do this in complete faith and confidence.;Pope John Paul II;faith
But for my faith in God, I should have been a raving maniac.;Mahatma Gandhi;faith
Nonviolence is the first article of my faith. It is also the last article of my creed.;Mahatma Gandhi;faith
Intolerance betrays want of faith in one's cause.;Mahatma Gandhi;faith
Fear of death makes us devoid both of valour and religion. For want of valour is want of religious faith.;Mahatma Gandhi;faith
Non-violence is the article of faith.;Mahatma Gandhi;faith
Non-violence requires a double faith, faith in God and also faith in man.;Mahatma Gandhi;faith
Unwearied ceaseless effort is the price that must be paid for turning faith into a rich infallible experience.;Mahatma Gandhi;faith
Only he can take great resolves who has indomitable faith in God and has fear of God.;Mahatma Gandhi;faith
To Follow by faith alone is to follow blindly.;Benjamin Franklin;faith
The way to see by Faith is to shut the Eye of Reason.;Benjamin Franklin;faith
I have great faith in fools self-confidence my friends call it.;Edgar Allan Poe;faith
We consider Christmas as the encounter, the great encounter, the historical encounter, the decisive encounter, between God and mankind. He who has faith knows this truly let him rejoice.;Pope Paul VI;faith
Observe good faith and justice toward all nations. Cultivate peace and harmony with all.;George Washington;faith
I began revolution with 82 men. If I had to do it again, I do it with 10 or 15 and absolute faith. It does not matter how small you are if you have faith and plan of action.;Fidel Castro;faith
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.;Steve Jobs;faith
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them.;Steve Jobs;faith
If faith in ourselves had been more extensively taught and practiced, I am sure a very large portion of the evils and miseries that we have would have vanished.;Swami Vivekananda;faith
There are many things that are essential to arriving at true peace of mind, and one of the most important is faith, which cannot be acquired without prayer.;John Wooden;faith
The smallest seed of faith is better than the largest fruit of happiness.;Henry David Thoreau;faith
Faith keeps many doubts in her pay. If I could not doubt, I should not believe.;Henry David Thoreau;faith
Faith never makes a confession.;Henry David Thoreau;faith
Believe in yourself, and the rest will fall into place. Have faith in your own abilities, work hard, and there is nothing you cannot accomplish.;Brad Henry;faith
It's easy to have faith in yourself and have discipline when you're a winner, when you're number one. What you got to have is faith and discipline when you're not a winner.;Vince Lombardi;faith
Faith is the great cop-out, the great excuse to evade the need to think and evaluate evidence. Faith is belief in spite of, even perhaps because of, the lack of evidence.;Richard Dawkins;faith
But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be.;Alan Watts;faith
I don't have to have faith, I have experience.;Joseph Campbell;faith
To have faith is to trust yourself to the water. When you swim you don't grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown. Instead you relax, and float.;Alan Watts;faith
Anyone who is to find Christ must first find the church. How could anyone know where Christ is and what faith is in him unless he knew where his believers are?;Martin Luther;faith
Love, we say, is life but love without hope and faith is agonizing death.;Elbert Hubbard;faith
Fear clogs faith liberates.;Elbert Hubbard;faith
If you have no faith, you've lost your battle.;Bill Cosby;faith
Christianity is not the faith of the complacent, the comfortable or of the timid. It demands and creates heroic souls like Wesley, Wilberforce, Bonhoeffer, John Paul the Second, and Billy Graham. Each showed, in their own way, the relentless and powerful influence of the message of Jesus Christ.;Mitt Romney;faith
It's not the tools that you have faith in - tools are just tools. They work, or they don't work. It's people you have faith in or not. Yeah, sure, I'm still optimistic I mean, I get pessimistic sometimes but not for long.;Steve Jobs;faith
Liberty cannot be established without morality, nor morality without faith.;Alexis de Tocqueville;faith
Faith must trample under foot all reason, sense, and understanding.;Martin Luther;faith
It's not a faith in technology. It's faith in people.;Steve Jobs;faith
Back of every creation, supporting it like an arch, is faith. Enthusiasm is nothing: it comes and goes. But if one believes, then miracles occur.;Henry Miller;faith
To insure the adoration of a theorem for any length of time, faith is not enough, a police force is needed as well.;Albert Camus;faith
Be courageous. I have seen many depressions in business. Always America has emerged from these stronger and more prosperous. Be brave as your fathers before you. Have faith! Go forward!;Thomas A. Edison;faith
My parents shared not only an improbable love, they shared an abiding faith in the possibilities of this nation. They would give me an African name, Barack, or blessed, believing that in a tolerant America your name is no barrier to success.;Barack Obama;faith
A person is born with feelings of envy and hate. If he gives way to them, they will lead him to violence and crime, and any sense of loyalty and good faith will be abandoned.;Xun Zi;faith
Saving faith is an immediate relation to Christ, accepting, receiving, resting upon Him alone, for justification, sanctification, and eternal life by virtue of God's grace.;Charles Spurgeon;faith
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.;William Ellery Channing;faith
I forbid you, agnostic, doubting thoughts, to destroy the house of my faith.;Thomas S. Monson;faith
People define Christianity differently. I think a large portion of our population are Christians, they're not all growing in their faith, they're not all active, but I believe that a lot of people believe in Jesus and believe that he is their Lord and Savior.;Joel Osteen;faith
For love would be love of the wrong thing there is yet faith, But the faith and the love and the hope are all in the waiting.;T. S. Eliot;faith
You know, my faith is one that admits some doubt.;Barack Obama;faith
What I think is fair to say is that, coming out of the Republican camp, there have been efforts to suggest that perhaps I'm not who I say I am when it comes to my faith - something which I find deeply offensive, and that has been going on for a pretty long time.;Barack Obama;faith
Each party steals so many articles of faith from the other, and the candidates spend so much time making each other's speeches, that by the time election day is past there is nothing much to do save turn the sitting rascals out and let a new gang in.;H. L. Mencken;faith
Life's a fight. It's a good fight of faith.;Joel Osteen;faith
If he have faith, the believer cannot be restrained. He betrays himself. He breaks out. He confesses and teaches this gospel to the people at the risk of life itself.;Martin Luther;faith
Keep your dreams alive. Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself, vision, hard work, determination, and dedication. Remember all things are possible for those who believe.;Gail Devers;faith
Faith is permitting ourselves to be seized by the things we do not see.;Martin Luther;faith
Things can fall apart, or threaten to, for many reasons, and then there's got to be a leap of faith. Ultimately, when you're at the edge, you have to go forward or backward if you go forward, you have to jump together.;Yo-Yo Ma;faith
In a decaying society, art, if it is truthful, must also reflect decay. And unless it wants to break faith with its social function, art must show the world as changeable. And help to change it.;Ernst Fischer;faith
Reason is the enemy of faith.;Martin Luther;faith
Faith is the highest passion in a human being. Many in every generation may not come that far, but none comes further.;Soren Kierkegaard;faith
He that rebels against reason is a real rebel, but he that in defence of reason rebels against tyranny has a better title to Defender of the Faith, than George the Third.;Thomas Paine;faith
Choose your friends with caution plan your future with purpose, and frame your life with faith.;Thomas S. Monson;faith
It strikes me as odd that the free exercise of religious faith is sometimes treated as a problem, something America is stuck with instead of blessed with.;Mitt Romney;faith
Faith is the sense of life, that sense by virtue of which man does not destroy himself, but continues to live on. It is the force whereby we live.;Leo Tolstoy;faith
