The thought about Republicans is, we're supposed to be Jeffersonian. That government governs the best that governs the least.;Pat Robertson;government
To declare that in the administration of criminal law the end justifies the means to declare that the Government may commit crimes in order to secure conviction of a private criminal would bring terrible retribution.;Louis D. Brandeis;government
A world in which government is burdened by historic debt, philanthropy has limited resources, and the private sector is only interested in its own personal gain is simply unsustainable.;Simon Mainwaring;government
Corporations often partner with government after natural disasters, as many companies did in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005. As a rule, however, long-term civic/corporate partnerships are still rare .But this need not remain the status quo, as many opportunities are available for such partnerships.;Simon Mainwaring;government
The United States is at a critical juncture in time. Our government is riddled with historic debt, and the limited resources of philanthropic and non-profit efforts cannot meet the scale of social challenges we face with necessary force.;Simon Mainwaring;government
It is time for corporate America to become 'the third pillar' of social change in our society, complementing the first two pillars of government and philanthropy. We need the entire private sector to begin committing itself not just to making profits, but to fulfilling higher and larger purposes by contributing to building a better world.;Simon Mainwaring;government
Non-disclosure in the Internet Age is quickly perceived as a breach of trust. Government, corporations and each of us as individuals must recalibrate how we live and share our lives appropriate to the information now available and the expectations of others.;Simon Mainwaring;government
It is the duty of government to make it difficult for people to do wrong, easy to do right.;William E. Gladstone;government
I don't believe that government is good at picking technology, particularly technology that is changing. By the time you get it done and go through democracy, it's so outdated.;Michael Bloomberg;government
The average Nigerian person has come to reconcile himself with the fact that his or her social progress remain essentially in his or her hands in collaboration with other fellow Nigerians and not merely relying on what government alone could provide for him or her.;Ibrahim Babangida;government
If you think of yourselves as helpless and ineffectual, it is certain that you will create a despotic government to be your master. The wise despot, therefore, maintains among his subjects a popular sense that they are helpless and ineffectual.;Frank Herbert;government
You can't have it both ways. You can't tell me that you're taxed enough already, and that you want constitutional government and then in the next breath say, 'Bring me home some bacon.' The pig has been picked clean.;Rand Paul;government
In Michigan, a liberal democrat raised taxes and kept their government programs at the same level. And guess what? Their economy continued into the toilet, it continued down.;Rick Perry;government
This administration in Washington that's in power now clearly believes that government is not only the answer to every need, but it's the most qualified to make the most central decisions for every American in every area.;Rick Perry;government
Our goal is to displace the entrenched powers in Washington, restore the rightful balance between the state and federal government.;Rick Perry;government
When the good lord calls you home, the government ought not come get your home.;Rick Perry;government
President Obama's call for nearly a half-trillion dollars in more government stimulus when America has more than $14 trillion in debt is guided by his mistaken belief that we can spend our way to prosperity.;Rick Perry;government
Americans want government that is leaner, more efficient, and less intrusive into their personal lives.;Rick Perry;government
Who can be against progress, after all? But it's a fraudulent use of the word - because for the Progressive, progress is marked not be how free you are, but how much government can 'do' for you.;Rick Perry;government
It is through states that the American people get the job done every day, often in spite of a deeply flawed bureaucratic federal government.;Rick Perry;government
We believe in government involvement that leads to independence: good schools, quality roads and the best health care.;Rick Perry;government
The benefits of education and of useful knowledge, generally diffused through a community, are essential to the preservation of a free government.;Sam Houston;government
People know something has gone terribly wrong with our government and it has gotten so far off track. But people also know that there is nothing wrong in America that a good old-fashioned election can't fix.;Sarah Palin;government
New York State is upside down and backwards high taxes and low performance. The New York State government was at one time a national model. Now, unfortunately, it's a national disgrace. Sometimes, the corruption in Albany could even make Boss Tweed blush.;Andrew Cuomo;government
Too often government responds to the whispers of lobbyists before the cries of the people.;Andrew Cuomo;government
I found the offer of a knighthood something that I couldn't possibly accept. I found it to be somehow squalid, a knighthood. There's a relationship to government about knights.;Harold Pinter;government
And we can celebrate when we have a government that has earned back the trust of the people it serves... when we have a government that honors our Constitution and stands up for the values that have made America, America: economic freedom, individual liberty, and personal responsibility.;John Boehner;government
President Reagan was elected on the promise of getting government off the backs of the people and now he demands that government wrap itself around the waists of the people.;Ralph Nader;government
Up against the corporate government, voters find themselves asked to choose between look-alike candidates from two parties vying to see who takes the marching orders from their campaign paymasters and their future employers. The money of vested interest nullifies genuine voter choice and trust.;Ralph Nader;government
Well, we lost a lot of our independence already. We are dependent on China for credit. We are dependent on Middle Eastern countries for energy supplies. And many Americans are dependent on the government for their income, health care, education of their children, food stamps.;Jim DeMint;government
The three great ends which a statesman ought to propose to himself in the government of a nation, are one, Security to possessors two, facility to acquirers and three, hope to all.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;government
The vast amount of waste and sheer stupidity in government - from the Pentagon to the Food and Drug Administration - could fill committee agendas for years.;Tom Coburn;government
Ours is a government of checks and balances. The Mafia and crooked businessmen make out checks, and the politicians and other compromised officials improve their bank balances.;Steve Allen;government
Democrats believe that the federal government is not our enemy, it's our partner.;George McGovern;government
Every time the government grows we lose more of who we are.;Glenn Beck;government
Candidly, I believe most corporations actually don't mind big government.;Rick Santorum;government
When a nation is over-reliant on one or two commodities like oil or precious minerals, corrupt government ministers and their dodgy associates hoard profits and taxes instead of properly allocating them to schools and hospitals.;Bono;government
The goal to strive for is a poor government but a rich people.;Andrew Johnson;government
I think it true that, you know, sometimes things start to change even before a government changes and, actually, I think you can begin to see even the Labour machine beginning to understand that it has become over-reliant on targets and processes, that local governments have been over-bossed and bullied.;David Cameron;government
I don't believe you can find any evidence of the fact that I have changed government policy solely because of a contribution.;William J. Clinton;government
My philosophy is not a bean-counting, accounting 'look at this.' It is a philosophy that smaller government is better government, and government that is closer to the people is best of all.;John Bolton;government
Romney is right that the Obama vision is too centered on government. But his is too centered on the promotion of business and wealth creation at the expense of everything else.;John Podhoretz;government
Making recess appointments when the Senate isn't in recess is neither rational nor moderate. It's a raw misuse of executive power by a president whose love of government is his most vulnerable spot with the electorate.;John Podhoretz;government
The thing is, Obama is right that it would be a calamity for the government to default on its debt by not meeting its obligations. Such a thing has never happened and can't be allowed to happen.;John Podhoretz;government
By the time Obama came into office, Washington had already agreed over a period of a few weeks to a $700 billion government infusion into the world banking system. Nothing of the sort had ever been done before, and it was done spit spot with very little national debate.;John Podhoretz;government
Institutions - government, churches, industries, and the like - have properly no other function than to contribute to human freedom and in so far as they fail, on the whole, to perform this function, they are wrong and need reconstruction.;Charles Horton Cooley;government
We are watching industries crumble, Wall Street firms disappear, unemployment spike, and unprecedented government intervention. And our designated opinion leaders want to know: Is Obama up this week? Is he down? And is his leadership style more like Bill Clinton's, or Abraham Lincoln's?;Thomas Frank;government
The government lied about inventing the HIV virus as a means of genocide against people of color. The government lied.;Jeremiah Wright;government
I hate Iran. I hate the Iranian government. It's a cruel and evil government.;Doris Lessing;government
The soldiers never explained to the government when an Indian was wronged, but reported the misdeeds of the Indians.;Geronimo;government
I ran for president in order to be able to try to change Washington D.C. from the inside. Our federal government is broken.;Herman Cain;government
Machiavelli's teaching would hardly have stood the test of Parliamentary government, for public discussion demands at least the profession of good faith.;Lord Acton;government
I've always been about less government.;Kelly Clarkson;government
The design of Rhetoric is to remove those Prejudices that lie in the way of Truth, to Reduce the Passions to the Government of Reasons to place our Subject in a Right Light, and excite our Hearers to a due consideration of it.;Mary Astell;government
The chief duty of government is to keep the peace and stand out of the sunshine of the people.;James A. Garfield;government
Man, I don't want to have nothing to do with computers. I don't want the government in my business.;Erykah Badu;government
Men must turn square corners when they deal with the Government.;Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.;government
The guy keeps making speeches about redistribution and maybe we ought to do something to businesses that don't invest, their holding too much money. We haven't heard that kind of talk except from pure socialists. Everybody's afraid of the government and there's no need soft peddling it, it's the truth. It is the truth.;Steve Wynn;government
Higher taxes is the road to ruin. We must and we will shrink our government, and that means making some tough choices, tightening our belts.;Chris Christie;government
I think the country's getting disgusted with Washington partly because of the decline of civility in government.;George McGovern;government
A president who breaks the law is a threat to the very structure of our government.;Al Gore;government
The public is upset. If they haven't lost their job, they know somebody that has. If they haven't lost their house, they know somebody that has. What do you do? When something's wrong, it's government's job to fix it, it must be government that's responsible for causing it.;Michael Bloomberg;government
Whatever you may think of the proposed mosque and community center, lost in the heat of the debate has been a basic question: Should government attempt to deny private citizens the right to build a house of worship on private property based on their particular religion?;Michael Bloomberg;government
Government shouldn't tell you whom to marry.;Michael Bloomberg;government
We just put General Motors in the hands of people who can't even run our own government.;Glenn Beck;government
I cannot think of any circumstances in which a government can go to war without the support of parliament.;Tony Blair;government
In government you carry each hope each disillusion. And in politics it's always about the next challenge.;Tony Blair;government
The Republican form of government is the highest form of government: but because of this it requires the highest type of human nature, a type nowhere at present existing.;Herbert Spencer;government
Old forms of government finally grow so oppressive that they must be thrown off even at the risk of reigns of terror.;Herbert Spencer;government
One side of the American psyche wants smaller government, lower taxes, and more choices for individuals, even if those choices increase risk. The other wants a strong social safety net to protect the weakest among us, even if it costs more to minimize risk.;Ron Fournier;government
I do not intend to dispute in any way the need for defence cuts and the need for government spending cuts in general. I do not share a not in my backyard approach to government spending reductions.;Stephen Harper;government
The government can only be brought down because it alienates several parties in the House.;Stephen Harper;government
Whether Canada ends up as o-ne national government or two national governments or several national governments, or some other kind of arrangement is, quite frankly, secondary in my opinion.;Stephen Harper;government
Canadians know that the promise of a recession didn't happen because of anything we did here. If you look at all the causes of the recession, problems in mortgage markets, the problems in the banking sector, the problems in government finance in countries like Greece, none of those problems were in present Canada.;Stephen Harper;government
Well, you know, I - again, even in the context of BP, I wonder about this government's priorities. The federal government's top priority right now should be the cleanup. And BP certainly has done so many things wrong. They need to be held to account.;Carly Fiorina;government
But ours was intended to be a citizen government. It is what of, by and for the people means. And when our most important issue in California is the creation of jobs, I think it's quite helpful to have someone in the U.S. Senate or in the governor's seat who actually knows where jobs come from.;Carly Fiorina;government
We need more transparency and accountability in government so that people know how their money is being spent. That means putting budgets online, putting legislation online.;Carly Fiorina;government
The truth is in California you can't build a new manufacturing facility, and businesses are leaving in droves because of bad government policy.;Carly Fiorina;government
It's the federal government's job to secure the border.;Carly Fiorina;government
Whatever government is not a government of laws, is a despotism, let it be called what it may.;Daniel Webster;government
It is perfectly true that that government is best which governs least. It is equally true that that government is best which provides most.;Walter Lippmann;government
If it were not for the government, we should have nothing to laugh at in France.;Nicolas Chamfort;government
I am very much opposed to abortion personally. But I don't think it is the government's rule.;Arlen Specter;government
Where might is mixed with wit, there is too good an accord in a government.;Elizabeth I;government
But I think it's up to a local congregation to determine whether or not a marriage should be blessed of God. And it shouldn't be up to the government.;Tony Campolo;government
President Bush once said that marriage is a sacred institution and should be reserved for the union of one man and one woman. If this is the case - and most Americans would agree with him on this - then I have to ask: Why is the government at all involved in marrying people?;Tony Campolo;government
I propose that the government should get out of the business of marrying people and, instead, only give legal status to civil unions.;Tony Campolo;government
If marriage really is a sacred institution, then why is the government controlling it, especially in a nation that affirms separation of church and state?;Tony Campolo;government
From the beginning, there have been some religious leaders who greeted the funding of faith-based social services by government with ambivalence.;Tony Campolo;government
After-school tutoring programs, care for the elderly, shelters for the homeless, disaster relief work, and a variety of other services would all benefit from government funding.;Tony Campolo;government
Getting the government to put money into social programs run by religious institutions is a practice that started during the Clinton years, when Bill Clinton advocated the AmeriCorps program.;Tony Campolo;government
Clinton's successor in the White House, George W. Bush, was committed to expanding government spending for faith-based initiatives.;Tony Campolo;government
A tiny and closed fraternity of privileged men, elected by no one, and enjoying a monopoly sanctioned and licensed by government.;Spiro T. Agnew;government
I have no doubt that the government of this great nation will work with its people to lead New Orleans and the Gulf Coast back to an enlightened, proud, safe part of the world.;Harry Connick, Jr.;government
Well, again, a gun sale database is just trying to get the Department of Justice to keep track of the guns that they're purchasing and supplying to drug dealers and murderers. I mean, wow. Come on, let's get the government under control before we start restricting the rights of - innocent citizens.;John Mica;government
I work for a Government I despise for ends I think criminal.;John Maynard Keynes;government
Well, I have a CBE and I accepted it with glee because it's not bestowed on you by the royal family, it's not bestowed on you by the government, you have to be nominated by the public.;Rod Stewart;government
Of the various forms of government which have prevailed in the world, an hereditary monarchy seems to present the fairest scope for ridicule.;Edward Gibbon;government
I really do inhabit a system in which words are capable of shaking the entire structure of government, where words can prove mightier than ten military divisions.;Vaclav Havel;government
