I don't want to waste anyone's time or money. I want to give people some truth and positive heart lift.;Mos Def;positive
And I have to work so hard at talking positively to myself. If I don't, it's just real hard to get through the day, and I'll get really down, and just want to cry. My whole body language changes. I get more slumped over.;Delta Burke;positive
If it's great stuff, the people who consume it are nourished. It's a positive force.;Manuel Puig;positive
Some people never contribute anything positive to society, they may even drain our resources, but most of us try to do something better, to give back.;Martin Yan;positive
Fortune cookies are a good idea. If the message is positive, it can make your day a little better.;Yao Ming;positive
Having achieved my own dreams, I want to give to kids who are less fortunate, who struggle with everyday obstacles. I want to give them something positive in their lives: support.;Kristi Yamaguchi;positive
There is no advertisement as powerful as a positive reputation traveling fast.;Brian Koslow;positive
I really struggle with that feeling of helplessness. That's why I really try to get my blogs, and even myself, to point to the positive and look at all the inspiring things that are happening.;Daryl Hannah;positive
First of all, I try to be a positive role model.;Bruce Jenner;positive
I hope to make a positive, productive contribution, as cheesy as that may sound.;Chelsea Clinton;positive
Perhaps one of the only positive pieces of advice that I was ever given was that supplied by an old courtier who observed: Only two rules really count. Never miss an opportunity to relieve yourself never miss a chance to sit down and rest your feet.;King Edward VIII;positive
Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life.;Joel Osteen;positive
I think it's important to get your surroundings as well as yourself into a positive state - meaning surround yourself with positive people, not the kind who are negative and jealous of everything you do.;Heidi Klum;positive
There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. The little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative.;W. Clement Stone;positive
Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes a reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results.;William James;positive
A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results.;Wade Boggs;positive
In times of great stress or adversity, it's always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.;Lee Iacocca;positive
Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success.;Bo Bennett;positive
You can make positive deposits in your own economy every day by reading and listening to powerful, positive, life-changing content and by associating with encouraging and hope-building people.;Zig Ziglar;positive
I hope the millions of people I've touched have the optimism and desire to share their goals and hard work and persevere with a positive attitude.;Michael Jordan;positive
Most of the luxuries and many of the so-called comforts of life are not only not indispensable, but positive hindrances to the elevation of mankind.;Henry David Thoreau;positive
And we can see the positive impacts right here at Solyndra. Less than a year ago, we were standing on what was an empty lot.But through the Recovery Act, this company received a loan to expand its operations. This new factory is the result of those loans.;Barack Obama;positive
A lot of the problems I had with fame I was bringing on myself. A lot of self-loathing, a lot of woe-is-me. Now I'm learning to see the positive side of things, instead of, like, 'I can't go to Kmart. I can't take my kids to the haunted house.';Eminem;positive
Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one.;Hans Selye;positive
I like to think my dad was easygoing and kind, and I think some of those things have been passed down. I am like him in a sense of being positive and hopeful. He was compassionate, and I've got a lot of that in me as well.;Joel Osteen;positive
Conservatism has had from its inception vigorously positive, intellectually rigorous agenda and thinking. That agenda should have in my three pillars: strengthen the economy, strengthen our security, and strengthen our families.;Mitt Romney;positive
Every positive value has its price in negative terms... the genius of Einstein leads to Hiroshima.;Pablo Picasso;positive
A strong positive mental attitude will create more miracles than any wonder drug.;Patricia Neal;positive
I'm not sure what the future holds but I do know that I'm going to be positive and not wake up feeling desperate. As my dad said 'Nic, it is what it is, it's not what it should have been, not what it could have been, it is what it is.';Nicole Kidman;positive
We don't have enough support for maternal leave and the kinds of things that some of the European countries do. So we still make it hard on women to go into the work force and feel that they can be good at work but then doing the most important job, which is raising your children in a responsible and positive way.;Hillary Clinton;positive
There is a sense that things, if you keep positive and optimistic about what can be done, do work out.;Hillary Clinton;positive
So I had to be careful. I recognized the responsibility that, whether I liked it or not, I had to accept whatever the obligation was. That was to behave in a manner, to carry myself in such a professional way, as if there ever is a reflection, it's a positive one.;Sidney Poitier;positive
Art is not a study of positive reality, it is the seeking for ideal truth.;John Ruskin;positive
Having a positive mental attitude is asking how something can be done rather than saying it can't be done.;Bo Bennett;positive
A positive attitude is not going to save you. What it's going to do is, everyday, between now and the day you die, whether that's a short time from now or a long time from now, that every day, you're going to actually live.;Elizabeth Edwards;positive
At the end of the day, the most overwhelming key to a child's success is the positive involvement of parents.;Jane D. Hull;positive
You can't live a positive life with a negative mind and if you have a positive outcome you have a positive income and just to have more positivity and just to kind of laugh it off.;Miley Cyrus;positive
Black Consciousness is an attitude of the mind and a way of life, the most positive call to emanate from the black world for a long time.;Steven Biko;positive
To be positive is to be mistaken at the top of one's voice.;Ambrose Bierce;positive
I realized that if my thoughts immediately affect my body, I should be careful about what I think. Now if I get angry, I ask myself why I feel that way. If I can find the source of my anger, I can turn that negative energy into something positive.;Yoko Ono;positive
Positive, adj.: Mistaken at the top of one's voice.;Ambrose Bierce;positive
Foods high in bad fats, sugar and chemicals are directly linked to many negative emotions, whereas whole, natural foods rich in nutrients - foods such as fruits, vegetables, grains and legumes - contribute to greater energy and positive emotions.;Marilu Henner;positive
Men are liars. We'll lie about lying if we have to. I'm an algebra liar. I figure two good lies make a positive.;Tim Allen;positive
When it comes to developing character strength, inner security and unique personal and interpersonal talents and skills in a child, no institution can or ever will compare with, or effectively substitute for, the home's potential for positive influence.;Stephen Covey;positive
Question: Why are we Masters of our Fate, the captains of our souls? Because we have the power to control our thoughts, our attitudes. That is why many people live in the withering negative world. That is why many people live in the Positive Faith world.;Alfred A. Montapert;positive
But reason always cuts a poor figure beside sentiment the one being essentially restricted, like everything that is positive, while the other is infinite.;Honore de Balzac;positive
We succeed in enterprises which demand the positive qualities we possess, but we excel in those which can also make use of our defects.;Alexis de Tocqueville;positive
Positive rights are the right to shelter, the right to education, the right to health care, the right to a living wage. These things are - these are, I would call them, more properly, political rights rather than positive rights. And they are extremely tricky, because now we are dealing with things that are zero sum.;P. J. O'Rourke;positive
You don't want to love - your eternal and abnormal craving is to be loved. You aren't positive, you're negative. You absorb, absorb, as if you must fill yourself up with love, because you've got a shortage somewhere.;David Herbert Lawrence;positive
A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me.;David Bailey;positive
And to me, fame is not a positive thing. The idea of being famous is a lot better than the reality. It's fantastic when you go to premieres and people cheer you, but it's not real. And it's totally not my approach to get my name on a club door just because I can.;Tom Felton;positive
Don't let people disrespect you. My mom says don't open the door to the devil. Surround yourself with positive people.;Cuba Gooding, Jr.;positive
I like to encourage people to realize that any action is a good action if it's proactive and there is positive intent behind it.;Michael J. Fox;positive
For to be poised against fatality, to meet adverse conditions gracefully, is more than simple endurance it is an act of aggression, a positive triumph.;Thomas Mann;positive
People who talk about revolution and class struggle without referring explicitly to everyday life, without understanding what is subversive about love and what is positive in the refusal of constraints, such people have a corpse in their mouth.;Raoul Vaneigem;positive
For most Americans, Friday afternoons are filled with positive anticipation of the weekend. In Washington, it's where government officials dump stories they want to bury. Good news gets dropped on Monday so bureaucrats can talk about it all week.;John Sununu;positive
I do not expect the white media to create positive black male images.;Huey Newton;positive
To delight in war is a merit in the soldier, a dangerous quality in the captain, and a positive crime in the statesman.;George Santayana;positive
You should also appreciate the goodness around you, and surround yourself with positive people.;Nadia Comaneci;positive
I never appreciated 'positive heroes' in literature. They are almost always cliches, copies of copies, until the model is exhausted. I prefer perplexity, doubt, uncertainty, not just because it provides a more 'productive' literary raw material, but because that is the way we humans really are.;Jose Saramago;positive
Christians were instructed to serve others, and the thanksgiving was for the grace of God and the fact that God offered a way for man to return to a positive relationship with Him.;John Clayton;positive
Say and do something positive that will help the situation it doesn't take any brains to complain.;Robert A. Cook;positive
Even when bad things happen you have to try to use those bad things in a positive manner and really just take the positive out of it.;Natalie du Toit;positive
The thing that lies at the foundation of positive change, the way I see it, is service to a fellow human being.;Lech Walesa;positive
When families are strong and stable, so are children - showing higher levels of wellbeing and more positive outcomes. But when things go wrong - either through family breakdown or a damaged parental relationship - the impact on a child's later life can be devastating.;Iain Duncan Smith;positive
Well, you know, a lot of people look at the negative things, the things that they did wrong and - which I do. But I like to stress on the things I did right, because there are certain things that I like to look at from a positive standpoint that are just positive reinforcement.;Tiger Woods;positive
In high school, in sport, I had a coach who told me I was much better than I thought I was, and would make me do more in a positive sense. He was the first person who taught me not to be afraid of failure.;Mike Krzyzewski;positive
Really you just gotta keep chugging along and keep a positive attitude and get through all the problems. You gotta face them, otherwise you don't get through.;Lesley Gore;positive
Suffering is the positive element in this world, indeed it is the only link between this world and the positive.;Franz Kafka;positive
Getting sober just exploded my life. Now I have a much clearer sense of myself and what I can and can't do. I am more successful than I have ever been. I feel very positive where I never did before, and I think that's all a direct result of getting sober.;Jamie Lee Curtis;positive
Injustice, poverty, slavery, ignorance - these may be cured by reform or revolution. But men do not live only by fighting evils. They live by positive goals, individual and collective, a vast variety of them, seldom predictable, at times incompatible.;Isaiah Berlin;positive
The internet could be a very positive step towards education, organisation and participation in a meaningful society.;Noam Chomsky;positive
There's a fine line between stubbornness and the positive side of that, which is dogged determination.;Jeb Bush;positive
Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive.;Matt Cameron;positive
I've had to deal with all different types of situations - positive and negative and extremes of both.;Shia LaBeouf;positive
Listening is a positive act: you have to put yourself out to do it.;David Hockney;positive
'Do What You Gotta Do' is a positive, inspirational song that says no matter what it is whether you're up against challenges or trying to get your dreams and aspirations met, you should do what whatever you have to do shy of killing yourself or someone else.;Angie Stone;positive
I think anytime you can affect people in general, in a positive way, then you're a lucky individual.;Sam Elliott;positive
When people ask me about my story, I just go through the positive stuff: the tent-pole moments, the big landmark checkpoints.;Shia LaBeouf;positive
I hate banks. They do nothing positive for anybody except take care of themselves. They're first in with their fees and first out when there's trouble.;Earl Warren;positive
We should be the pro-legal immigration party. A party that has a positive platform and agenda on how we can create a legal immigration system that works for immigrants and works for America.;Marco Rubio;positive
I've been singing for six years. I've been in and out of the studios with top producers, but it wasn't something I was ready to express to the public or to the press. I wasn't ready to come out. I wanted to perfect my voice and be 100 percent positive that I could come out right.;Tyra Banks;positive
Kant introduced the concept of the negative into philosophy. Would it not also be worthwhile to try to introduce the concept of the positive into philosophy?;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;positive
I love everybody. One of the great things about me is that I have a very positive attitude.;Imelda Marcos;positive
Indeed, our particular concept of private property, which deters us from exhausting the positive resources of the earth, favors pollution.;Garrett Hardin;positive
How much do you as a consumer value a positive experience with a brand or its customer service department? How willing are you to share that with your friends? How inclined are you to let that person know that you're interaction with them was positive?;Simon Mainwaring;positive
When a positive exchange between a brand and customers becomes quantifiable metrics, it encourages brand to provide better service, customer service to do a better job, and consumers to actively show their gratitude.;Simon Mainwaring;positive
More brands are waking up to their social responsibility and doing good work through cause marketing campaigns. Yet too many still go about it the wrong way. I mean 'wrong' in two senses. Firstly, they are marketing ineffectively, and secondly, as a consequence their positive social impact is not maximized.;Simon Mainwaring;positive
When I was a kid, no one would believe anything positive that you could say about black people. That's a terrible burden.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;positive
What I have is P.H. positive chronic myeloid leukemia, which is an aberration in your white blood cells.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;positive
Positive, healthy, loving relationships in your twenties... I don't know if anyone would disagree with it: I think they're the exception, not the norm. People are either playing house really aggressively because they're scared of what an uncertain time it is, or they're avoiding commitment altogether.;Lena Dunham;positive
I don't just want a better deal for Britain. I want a better deal for Europe too. So I speak as British prime minister with a positive vision for the future of the European Union. A future in which Britain wants, and should want, to play a committed and active part.;David Cameron;positive
I can't let time move on without fighting tooth and nail and hopefully being a part of a revolution that is positive.;Ian Somerhalder;positive
There is no racial or ethnic involvement in Thanksgiving, and people who may be very distant from the Christian system can see the beauty and the positive spirit that comes from the holiday.;John Clayton;positive
But you see, our society is still trapped in this binary, black/white logic and that has had some very positive implications for our generation. It's had some very negative ones as well and one of the negative ones is that it creates enormous identity problems for people who have one black ancestor and all white ancestors for example.;Henry Louis Gates;positive
It's a positive thing to talk about terrible things and make people laugh about them.;Louis C. K.;positive
Positive thinking is the key to success in business, education, pro football, anything that you can mention. I go out there thinking that I'm going to complete every pass.;Ron Jaworski;positive
In our music, in our everyday life, there are so many negative things. Why not have something positive and stamp it with blackness?;Jamie Foxx;positive
What I really like is an intelligent review. It doesn't have to be positive. A review that has some kind of insight, and sometimes people say something that's startling or is so poignant.;Patti Smith;positive
