It is good to rub and polish our brain against that of others.;Michel de Montaigne;intelligence
It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards.;Lewis Carroll;intelligence
You have to be smart. The easy days are over.;Robert Kiyosaki;intelligence
We all agree that pessimism is a mark of superior intellect.;John Kenneth Galbraith;intelligence
I not only use all the brains that I have, but all that I can borrow.;Woodrow Wilson;intelligence
The higher the voice the smaller the intellect.;Ernest Newman;intelligence
Man becomes man only by his intelligence, but he is man only by his heart.;Henri Frederic Amiel;intelligence
Man is the most intelligent of the animals - and the most silly.;Diogenes;intelligence
Intelligence is really a kind of taste: taste in ideas.;Susan Sontag;intelligence
It is better to have a fair intellect that is well used than a powerful one that is idle.;Bryant H. McGill;intelligence
The bookful blockhead, ignorantly read With loads of learned lumber in his head.;Alexander Pope;intelligence
There is no greater evidence of superior intelligence than to be surprised at nothing.;Josh Billings;intelligence
A person must have a certain amount of intelligent ignorance to get anywhere.;Charles Kettering;intelligence
The emotional brain responds to an event more quickly than the thinking brain.;Daniel Goleman;intelligence
I can't tell you if genius is hereditary, because heaven has granted me no offspring.;James Whistler;intelligence
If little else, the brain is an educational toy.;Tom Robbins;intelligence
People are smarter than you might think.;John Astin;intelligence
There is nobody so irritating as somebody with less intelligence and more sense than we have.;Don Herold;intelligence
It is not worth an intelligent man's time to be in the majority. By definition, there are already enough people to do that.;G. H. Hardy;intelligence
Wherever smart people work, doors are unlocked.;Steve Wozniak;intelligence
Ignorance is no excuse, it's the real thing.;Irene Peter;intelligence
Don't leave home without your sword - your intellect.;Alan Moore;intelligence
To be able to fill leisure intelligently is the last product of civilization.;Arnold J. Toynbee;intelligence
When I see a dolphin, I know it's just as smart as I am.;Don Van Vliet;intelligence
Remember to be as smart as you are.;Judd Nelson;intelligence
Intelligence is not a science.;Frank Carlucci;intelligence
Intellectuals are too sentimental for me.;Margaret Anderson;intelligence
The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character - that is the goal of true education.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;intelligence
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.;Albert Einstein;intelligence
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.;Winston Churchill;intelligence
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.;Michael Jordan;intelligence
Being busy does not always mean real work. The object of all work is production or accomplishment and to either of these ends there must be forethought, system, planning, intelligence, and honest purpose, as well as perspiration. Seeming to do is not doing.;Thomas A. Edison;intelligence
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.;H. L. Mencken;intelligence
There are three kinds of intelligence: one kind understands things for itself, the other appreciates what others can understand, the third understands neither for itself nor through others. This first kind is excellent, the second good, and the third kind useless.;Niccolo Machiavelli;intelligence
Science has not yet taught us if madness is or is not the sublimity of the intelligence.;Edgar Allan Poe;intelligence
I don't think the intelligence reports are all that hot. Some days I get more out of the New York Times.;John F. Kennedy;intelligence
If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence.;Lao Tzu;intelligence
The first method for estimating the intelligence of a ruler is to look at the men he has around him.;Niccolo Machiavelli;intelligence
Bottom line is, I didn't return to Apple to make a fortune. I've been very lucky in my life and already have one. When I was 25, my net worth was $100 million or so. I decided then that I wasn't going to let it ruin my life. There's no way you could ever spend it all, and I don't view wealth as something that validates my intelligence.;Steve Jobs;intelligence
Everything in the universe has a purpose. Indeed, the invisible intelligence that flows through everything in a purposeful fashion is also flowing through you.;Wayne Dyer;intelligence
Shall I not have intelligence with the earth? Am I not partly leaves and vegetable mould myself.;Henry David Thoreau;intelligence
I would like to take you seriously, but to do so would be an affront to your intelligence.;George Bernard Shaw;intelligence
The modern mind is in complete disarray. Knowledge has stretched itself to the point where neither the world nor our intelligence can find any foot-hold. It is a fact that we are suffering from nihilism.;Albert Camus;intelligence
I don't even call it violence when it's in self defense I call it intelligence.;Malcolm X;intelligence
Humanity I love you because when you're hard up you pawn your intelligence to buy a drink.;e. e. cummings;intelligence
Immaturity is the incapacity to use one's intelligence without the guidance of another.;Immanuel Kant;intelligence
No one in this world has ever lost money by underestimating the intelligence of the great masses of the plain people. Nor has anyone ever lost public office thereby.;H. L. Mencken;intelligence
Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.;Groucho Marx;intelligence
I know this world is ruled by infinite intelligence. Everything that surrounds us- everything that exists - proves that there are infinite laws behind it. There can be no denying this fact. It is mathematical in its precision.;Thomas A. Edison;intelligence
Where the stakes are the highest, in the war on terror, we cannot possibly succeed without extraordinary international cooperation. Effective international police actions require the highest degree of intelligence sharing, planning and collaborative enforcement.;Barack Obama;intelligence
If men can develop weapons that are so terrifying as to make the thought of global war include almost a sentence for suicide, you would think that man's intelligence and his comprehension... would include also his ability to find a peaceful solution.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;intelligence
Anyone who conducts an argument by appealing to authority is not using his intelligence he is just using his memory.;Leonardo da Vinci;intelligence
My mother's love has always been a sustaining force for our family, and one of my greatest joys is seeing her integrity, her compassion, her intelligence reflected in my daughters.;Michelle Obama;intelligence
It is only the enlightened ruler and the wise general who will use the highest intelligence of the army for the purposes of spying, and thereby they achieve great results.;Sun Tzu;intelligence
Children are remarkable for their intelligence and ardor, for their curiosity, their intolerance of shams, the clarity and ruthlessness of their vision.;Aldous Huxley;intelligence
Religion is something left over from the infancy of our intelligence, it will fade away as we adopt reason and science as our guidelines.;Bertrand Russell;intelligence
We are faced with the paradoxical fact that education has become one of the chief obstacles to intelligence and freedom of thought.;Bertrand Russell;intelligence
Do you not see how necessary a world of pains and troubles is to school an intelligence and make it a soul?;John Keats;intelligence
I won't insult your intelligence by suggesting that you really believe what you just said.;William F. Buckley, Jr.;intelligence
We will strengthen our security by building missile defense, restoring our military might, and standing by and strengthening our intelligence officers.;Mitt Romney;intelligence
I've always felt that a person's intelligence is directly reflected by the number of conflicting points of view he can entertain simultaneously on the same topic.;Abigail Adams;intelligence
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.;Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart;intelligence
In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.;Ambrose Bierce;intelligence
Man is an intelligence in servitude to his organs.;Aldous Huxley;intelligence
There is nothing wrong with America that faith, love of freedom, intelligence, and energy of her citizens cannot cure.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;intelligence
Scepticism, that dry caries of the intelligence.;Victor Hugo;intelligence
So far as I can remember, there is not one word in the Gospels in praise of intelligence.;Bertrand Russell;intelligence
Man is made or unmade by himself. By the right choice he ascends. As a being of power, intelligence, and love, and the lord of his own thoughts, he holds the key to every situation.;James Allen;intelligence
It is not clear that intelligence has any long-term survival value.;Stephen Hawking;intelligence
In the aftermath of September 11, and as the 9/11 Commission report so aptly demonstrates, it is clear that our intelligence system is not working the way that it should.;Hillary Clinton;intelligence
Sculpture is the art of the intelligence.;Pablo Picasso;intelligence
Success in almost any field depends more on energy and drive than it does on intelligence. This explains why we have so many stupid leaders.;Sloan Wilson;intelligence
There is a real danger that computers will develop intelligence and take over. We urgently need to develop direct connections to the brain so that computers can add to human intelligence rather than be in opposition.;Stephen Hawking;intelligence
Three-quarters of the sicknesses of intelligent people come from their intelligence. They need at least a doctor who can understand this sickness.;Marcel Proust;intelligence
Our bodies are shaped to bear children, and our lives are a working out of the processes of creation. All our ambitions and intelligence are beside that great elemental point.;Saint Augustine;intelligence
Nature shows that with the growth of intelligence comes increased capacity for pain, and it is only with the highest degree of intelligence that suffering reaches its supreme point.;Arthur Schopenhauer;intelligence
People are what you make them. A scornful look turns into a complete fool a man of average intelligence. A contemptuous indifference turns into an enemy a woman who, well treated, might have been an angel.;Andre Maurois;intelligence
A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep.;Saul Bellow;intelligence
There is no worse screen to block out the Spirit than confidence in our own intelligence.;John Calvin;intelligence
For passion, be it observed, brings insight with it it can give a sort of intelligence to simpletons, fools, and idiots, especially during youth.;Honore de Balzac;intelligence
No sooner does man discover intelligence than he tries to involve it in his own stupidity.;Jacques Yves Cousteau;intelligence
The intelligent man who is proud of his intelligence is like the condemned man who is proud of his large cell.;Simone Weil;intelligence
In these troubled, uncertain times, we don't need more command and control we need better means to engage everyone's intelligence in solving challenges and crises as they arise.;Margaret J. Wheatley;intelligence
Science knows no country, because knowledge belongs to humanity, and is the torch which illuminates the world. Science is the highest personification of the nation because that nation will remain the first which carries the furthest the works of thought and intelligence.;Louis Pasteur;intelligence
Intelligence and courtesy not always are combined Often in a wooden house a golden room we find.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;intelligence
Our intentions may be very good, but, because the intelligence is limited, the action may turn out to be a mistake - a mistake, but not necessarily a sin, for sin comes out of a wrong intention.;E. Stanley Jones;intelligence
The voice of the intelligence is drowned out by the roar of fear. It is ignored by the voice of desire. It is contradicted by the voice of shame. It is biased by hate and extinguished by anger. Most of all it is silenced by ignorance.;Karl A. Menninger;intelligence
I tell myself that God gave my children many gifts - spirit, beauty, intelligence, the capacity to make friends and to inspire respect. There was only one gift he held back - length of life.;Rose Kennedy;intelligence
Wealth, in even the most improbable cases, manages to convey the aspect of intelligence.;John Kenneth Galbraith;intelligence
I'm in awe of the universe, but I don't necessarily believe there's an intelligence or agent behind it. I do have a passion for the visual in religious rituals, though, even though they may be completely empty and bereft of substance. The incense is powerful and provocative, whether Buddhist or Catholic.;David Bowie;intelligence
It occurred to me that there was no difference between men, in intelligence or race, so profound as the difference between the sick and the well.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;intelligence
Republics are created by the virtue, public spirit, and intelligence of the citizens. They fall, when the wise are banished from the public councils, because they dare to be honest, and the profligate are rewarded, because they flatter the people, in order to betray them.;Joseph Story;intelligence
Sex and beauty are inseparable, like life and consciousness. And the intelligence which goes with sex and beauty, and arises out of sex and beauty, is intuition.;David Herbert Lawrence;intelligence
Intelligence is not to make no mistakes, but quickly to see how to make them good.;Bertolt Brecht;intelligence
To educate the intelligence is to expand the horizon of its wants and desires.;James Russell Lowell;intelligence
The intelligence of the creature known as a crowd, is the square root of the number of people in it.;Terry Pratchett;intelligence
Intelligence is quickness in seeing things as they are.;George Santayana;intelligence
There can be no two opinions as to what a highbrow is. He is the man or woman of thoroughbred intelligence who rides his mind at a gallop across country in pursuit of an idea.;Virginia Woolf;intelligence
Intelligence is a moral category.;Theodor Adorno;intelligence
