I continuously go further and further learning about my own limitations, my body limitation, psychological limitations. It's a way of life for me.;Ayrton Senna;learning
The truth of our faith becomes a matter of ridicule among the infidels if any Catholic, not gifted with the necessary scientific learning, presents as dogma what scientific scrutiny shows to be false.;Thomas Aquinas;learning
The fundament upon which all our knowledge and learning rests is the inexplicable.;Arthur Schopenhauer;learning
Patriotism, when it wants to make itself felt in the domain of learning, is a dirty fellow who should be thrown out of doors.;Arthur Schopenhauer;learning
Much learning does not teach understanding.;Heraclitus;learning
Learning is a result of listening, which in turn leads to even better listening and attentiveness to the other person. In other words, to learn from the child, we must have empathy, and empathy grows as we learn.;Alice Miller;learning
Failure is a great teacher, and I think when you make mistakes and you recover from them and you treat them as valuable learning experiences, then you've got something to share.;Steve Harvey;learning
It does not require great learning to be a Christian and be convinced of the truth of the Bible. It requires only an honest heart and a willingness to obey God.;Albert Barnes;learning
Learning sleeps and snores in libraries, but wisdom is everywhere, wide awake, on tiptoe.;Josh Billings;learning
Men of polite learning and a liberal education.;Matthew Henry;learning
I saw as a teacher how, if you take that spark of learning that those children have, and you ignite it, you can take a child from any background to a lifetime of creativity and accomplishment.;Paul Wellstone;learning
Even from their infancy we frame them to the sports of love: their instruction, behavior, attire, grace, learning and all their words azimuth only at love, respects only affection. Their nurses and their keepers imprint no other thing in them.;Michel de Montaigne;learning
Learning hath gained most by those books by which the printers have lost.;Thomas Fuller;learning
One of the reasons people stop learning is that they become less and less willing to risk failure.;John W. Gardner;learning
One of the greatest and simplest tools for learning more and growing is doing more.;Washington Irving;learning
The thing about being autistic is that you gradually get less and less autistic, because you keep learning, you keep learning how to behave. It's like being in a play I'm always in a play.;Temple Grandin;learning
If we wish to know the force of human genius, we should read Shakespeare. If we wish to see the insignificance of human learning, we may study his commentators.;William Hazlitt;learning
Words are but wind and learning is nothing but words ergo, learning is nothing but wind.;Jonathan Swift;learning
So in my freshman year at the University of Alabama, learning the literature on evolution, what was known about it biologically, just gradually transformed me by taking me out of literalism and increasingly into a more secular, scientific view of the world.;E. O. Wilson;learning
It is not knowledge, but the act of learning, not possession but the act of getting there, which grants the greatest enjoyment.;Carl Friedrich Gauss;learning
I'd like to be more patient! I just want everything now. I've tried to meditate, but it's really hard for me to stay still. I'd like to try to force myself to do it, because everybody says how wonderful meditation is for you, but I can't shut my mind up. So patience and learning is the key.;Ellen DeGeneres;learning
We have domesticated God's transcendence. We often learn about God at about the same time as we are learning about Santa Claus but our ideas about Santa Claus change, mature and become more nuanced, whereas our ideas of God can remain at a rather infantile level.;Karen Armstrong;learning
Neither comprehension nor learning can take place in an atmosphere of anxiety.;Rose Kennedy;learning
Curiosity is the wick in the candle of learning.;William Arthur Ward;learning
But if somebody dies, if something happens to you, there is a normal process of depression, it is part of being human, and some people view it as a learning experience etc.;Bob Geldof;learning
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship.;Louisa May Alcott;learning
The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free.;Baruch Spinoza;learning
I am learning all the time. The tombstone will be my diploma.;Eartha Kitt;learning
When you stop learning, stop listening, stop looking and asking questions, always new questions, then it is time to die.;Lillian Smith;learning
What spectacle can be more edifying or more seasonable, than that of Liberty and Learning, each leaning on the other for their mutual and surest support?;James Madison;learning
I did stand-up comedy for 18 years. Ten of those years were spent learning, four years were spent refining, and four years were spent in wild success. I was seeking comic originality, and fame fell on me as a byproduct. The course was more plodding than heroic.;Steve Martin;learning
You aren't learning anything when you're talking.;Lyndon B. Johnson;learning
Irregularity and want of method are only supportable in men of great learning or genius, who are often too full to be exact, and therefore they choose to throw down their pearls in heaps before the reader, rather than be at the pains of stringing them.;Joseph Addison;learning
While the laughter of joy is in full harmony with our deeper life, the laughter of amusement should be kept apart from it. The danger is too great of thus learning to look at solemn things in a spirit of mockery, and to seek in them opportunities for exercising wit.;Lewis Carroll;learning
Learning is its own exceeding great reward.;William Hazlitt;learning
The beautiful thing about learning is nobody can take it away from you.;B. B. King;learning
Only by learning to live in harmony with your contradictions can you keep it all afloat.;Audre Lorde;learning
Poverty must not be a bar to learning and learning must offer an escape from poverty.;Lyndon B. Johnson;learning
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.;Joseph Joubert;learning
A happy life is one spent in learning, earning, and yearning.;Lillian Gish;learning
I'm learning the power of going away for the weekend and keeping myself company.;Zoe Saldana;learning
We come to love not by finding a perfect person but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.;Sam Keen;learning
I had a lot of trouble with engineers, because their whole background is learning from a functional point of view, and then learning how to perform that function.;Brian Eno;learning
One who has imagination without learning has wings without feet.;Joseph Joubert;learning
Learning how to operate a soul figures to take time.;Timothy Leary;learning
If you're going to go through hell... I suggest you come back learning something.;Drew Barrymore;learning
Never seem wiser, nor more learned, than the people you are with. Wear your learning, like your watch, in a private pocket: and do not merely pull it out and strike it merely to show that you have one.;Lord Chesterfield;learning
Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has.;Josh Billings;learning
I fear the boredom that comes with not learning and not taking chances.;Robert Fulghum;learning
Perhaps I am doomed to retrace my steps under the illusion that I am exploring, doomed to try and learn what I should simply recognize, learning a mere fraction of what I have forgotten.;Andre Breton;learning
The most useful piece of learning for the uses of life is to unlearn what is untrue.;Antisthenes;learning
I think you're working and learning until you die.;J. K. Rowling;learning
I started practicing yoga. I started learning some hands-on healing stuff. And I found really good chiropractors, really good massage therapists, and what I found is I've been able to actually peel off layers of trauma on my body and actually move better now than I did.;Ricky Williams;learning
I'm learning a lot about myself being alone, and doing what I'm doing.;Chantal Kreviazuk;learning
No, I'm no enemy to learning it hurts not me.;William Congreve;learning
The main part of intellectual education is not the acquisition of facts but learning how to make facts live.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;learning
Some are so very studious of learning what was done by the ancients that they know not how to live with the moderns.;William Penn;learning
Meditation here may think down hours to moments. Here the heart may give a useful lesson to the head and learning wiser grow without his books.;William Cowper;learning
Secretary Powell and I agree on every single issue that has ever been before this administration except for those instances where Colin's still learning.;Donald Rumsfeld;learning
Learning should be a joy and full of excitement. It is life's greatest adventure it is an illustrated excursion into the minds of the noble and the learned.;Taylor Caldwell;learning
A major advantage of age is learning to accept people without passing judgment.;Liz Carpenter;learning
Why waste time learning, when ignorance is instantaneous?;Bill Watterson;learning
And I believe that the best learning process of any kind of craft is just to look at the work of others.;Wole Soyinka;learning
Never seem more learned than the people you are with. Wear your learning like a pocket watch and keep it hidden. Do not pull it out to count the hours, but give the time when you are asked.;Lord Chesterfield;learning
English people don't have very good diction. In France you have to pronounce very particularly and clearly, and learning French at an early age helped me enormously.;Vivien Leigh;learning
I never found accents difficult, after learning languages.;Vivien Leigh;learning
Artists working for other artists is all about knowing, learning, unlearning, initiating long-term artistic dialogues, making connections, creating covens, and getting temporary shelter from the storm.;Jerry Saltz;learning
We are learning, too, that the love of beauty is one of Nature's greatest healers.;Ellsworth Huntington;learning
Justice turns the scale, bringing to some learning through suffering.;Aeschylus;learning
True, a little learning is a dangerous thing, but it still beats total ignorance.;Abigail Van Buren;learning
No, I got a GED in my 30s. My kids know that I never stop learning, and they know I love reading. I have books overflowing everywhere. I am current on today's events and I read the paper every day, and we talk about it, so they see that appetite.;Michael J. Fox;learning
This has been a learning experience for me. I also thought that privacy was something we were granted in the Constitution. I have learned from this when in fact the word privacy does not appear in the Constitution.;Bill Maher;learning
Philosophy is a kind of journey, ever learning yet never arriving at the ideal perfection of truth.;Albert Pike;learning
Learning music by reading about it is like making love by mail.;Luciano Pavarotti;learning
Learning to dislike children at an early age saves a lot of expense and aggravation later in life.;Robert Byrne;learning
The trouble with learning from experience is that you never graduate.;Doug Larson;learning
Perhaps the mission of those who love mankind is to make people laugh at the truth, to make truth laugh, because the only truth lies in learning to free ourselves from insane passion for the truth.;Umberto Eco;learning
That is what learning is. You suddenly understand something you've understood all your life, but in a new way.;Doris Lessing;learning
Learning to play with a big amplifier is like trying to control an elephant.;Ritchie Blackmore;learning
Yes. I did more research than I ever wanted to and saw some things I wish I didn't. I went on ride-alongs, spent time with Homicide, Cold Case, and SVU detectives, hung out in subways learning how to spot pervs and pick-pockets, viewed an autopsy, went to a police firing range, and witnessed court cases and I read, read, read.;Mariska Hargitay;learning
Learning is acquired by reading books, but the much more necessary learning, the knowledge of the world, is only to be acquired by reading men, and studying all the various facets of them.;Lord Chesterfield;learning
Let ignorance talk as it will, learning has its value.;Jean de La Fontaine;learning
Learning to make films is very easy. Learning what to make films about is very hard.;George Lucas;learning
It's only through listening that you learn, and I never want to stop learning.;Drew Barrymore;learning
I'm just learning who I am and how relationships work and how to make them function. No different from anyone else.;Drew Barrymore;learning
What makes a child gifted and talented may not always be good grades in school, but a different way of looking at the world and learning.;Chuck Grassley;learning
Never stop learning knowledge doubles every fourteen months.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;learning
The learning process is something you can incite, literally incite, like a riot.;Audre Lorde;learning
It's mainly about working hard and proving to people you're serious about it, and stretching yourself and learning. The mistake a lot of actors make, particularly young ones, is allowing themselves to feel that they're the finished articles, the bee's knees, and it's not true.;Daniel Radcliffe;learning
Wear your learning like your watch, in a private pocket and do not pull it out, and strike it, merely to show that you have one.;Lord Chesterfield;learning
We tried to have diplomas without learning, we tried to have jobs without work, we tried to have houses without savings, we tried to have government without responsibility.;Newt Gingrich;learning
This life is a process of learning.;Lauryn Hill;learning
In the transmission of human culture, people always attempt to replicate, to pass on to the next generation the skills and values of the parents, but the attempt always fails because cultural transmission is geared to learning, not DNA.;Gregory Bateson;learning
Scholastic learning and polemical divinity retarded the growth of all true knowledge.;David Hume;learning
My father is a real idealist, and he's all about learning. If I asked for a pair of Nikes growing up, it was just a resounding 'No.' But if I asked for a saxophone, one would appear and next day and I'd be signed up for lessons. So anything to do with education or learning, my father would spare no expense.;Hugh Jackman;learning
You can be self-empowered and still learning about how you think about things daily.;Tori Amos;learning
Human beings are accustomed to think of intellect as the power of having and controlling ideas and of ability to learn as synonymous with ability to have ideas. But learning by having ideas is really one of the rare and isolated events in nature.;Edward Thorndike;learning
I always found the extraordinary loss of life in the First World War very moving. I remember learning about it as a very young child, as an eight- or nine-year-old, asking my teachers what poppies were for. Every year the teachers would suddenly wear these red paper flowers in their lapels, and I would say 'What does that mean?';Tom Hiddleston;learning
There is, so I believe, in the essence of everything, something that we cannot call learning. There is, my friend, only a knowledge - that is everywhere.;Hermann Hesse;learning
