I have always written poetry but I have never applied it to songwriting.;Janine Turner;poetry
We all need ways to express ourselves, and poetry is one of mine.;Jack Prelutsky;poetry
Poetry seems to sink into us the way prose doesn't. I can still quote verses I learned when I was very young, but I have trouble remembering one line of a novel I just finished reading.;Jack Prelutsky;poetry
Otherwise I don't read much adult poetry at all, because I'm not smart enough and mostly I don't get it.;Jack Prelutsky;poetry
I look for poetry in English because it's the only language I read.;Jack Prelutsky;poetry
Frankly, writing poetry for children is plain old fun, and I consider myself blessed to have such a delightful career.;Jack Prelutsky;poetry
Children seem naturally drawn to poetry - it's some combination of the rhyme, rhythm, and the words themselves.;Jack Prelutsky;poetry
That is what I did with Jack, and that's why he liked to do the readings with me because he knew I was there for him, and for our ability to blend the poetry and the music.;David Amram;poetry
There is a wonderful Hungarian literature, especially in lyric poetry.;Gyorgy Ligeti;poetry
I did know Ted Hughes and I partly wrote the book to explain to myself and others the complexities of a marriage that was for six years wonderfully productive of poetry and then ended in tragedy.;Anne Stevenson;poetry
I don't like poetry that just slaps violent words on a canvas, as it were.;Anne Stevenson;poetry
I have always made my own rules, in poetry as in life - though I have tried of late to cooperate more with my family. I do, however, believe that without order or pattern poetry is useless.;Anne Stevenson;poetry
I'm not really quiet or shy. Ask any of my friends! But I always ground my poetry in life itself. Poetry is an art of language, though, so I am always aware of every word's meaning, or multiple meanings.;Anne Stevenson;poetry
Poets should ignore most criticism and get on with making poetry.;Anne Stevenson;poetry
Poetry operates by hints and dark suggestions. It is full of secrets and hidden formulae, like a witch's brew.;Anthony Hecht;poetry
There is no gilding of setting sun or glamor of poetry to light up the ferocious and endless toil of the farmers' wives.;Hamlin Garland;poetry
Poetry is at least an elegance and at most a revelation.;Robert Fitzgerald;poetry
Journalism wishes to tell what it is that has happened everywhere as though the same things had happened for every man. Poetry wishes to say what it is like for any man to be himself in the presence of a particular occurrence as though only he were alone there.;Archibald MacLeish;poetry
Conventional wisdom notwithstanding, there is no reason either in football or in poetry why the two should not meet in a man's life if he has the weight and cares about the words.;Archibald MacLeish;poetry
If we ask a vague question, such as, 'What is poetry?' we expect a vague answer, such as, 'Poetry is the music of words,' or 'Poetry is the linguistic correction of disorder.';A. R. Ammons;poetry
Probably all the attention to poetry results in some value, though the attention is more often directed to lesser than to greater values.;A. R. Ammons;poetry
I am grateful for - though I can't keep up with - the flood of articles, theses, and textbooks that mean to share insight concerning the nature of poetry.;A. R. Ammons;poetry
Once every five hundred years or so, a summary statement about poetry comes along that we can't imagine ourselves living without.;A. R. Ammons;poetry
Poetry leads us to the unstructured sources of our beings, to the unknown, and returns us to our rational, structured selves refreshed.;A. R. Ammons;poetry
The poet exposes himself to the risk. All that has been said about poetry, all that he has learned about poetry, is only a partial assurance.;A. R. Ammons;poetry
That's a wonderful change that's taken place, and so most poetry today is published, if not directly by the person, certainly by the enterprise of the poet himself, working with his friends.;A. R. Ammons;poetry
Besides the actual reading in class of many poems, I would suggest you do two things: first, while teaching everything you can and keeping free of it, teach that poetry is a mode of discourse that differs from logical exposition.;A. R. Ammons;poetry
I realized poetry's the thing that I can do 'cause I can stick at it and work with tremendous intensity.;Philip Levine;poetry
The irony is, going to work every day became the subject of probably my best poetry.;Philip Levine;poetry
Meet some people who care about poetry the way you do. You'll have that readership. Keep going until you know you're doing work that's worthy. And then see what happens. That's my advice.;Philip Levine;poetry
Now I think poetry will save nothing from oblivion, but I keep writing about the ordinary because for me it's the home of the extraordinary, the only home.;Philip Levine;poetry
My mother carried on and supported us her ambition had been to write poetry and songs.;Philip Levine;poetry
My art and poetry is very political now. Because you've got to find that truth within you and express yourself. Somewhere out there, I know, there will be people who will listen.;Jack Bowman;poetry
In my opinion, the most significant works of the twentieth century are those that rise beyond the conceptual tyranny of genre they are, at the same time, poetry, criticism, narrative, drama, etc.;Juan Goytisolo;poetry
For whatever reason, people, including very well-educated people or people otherwise interested in reading, do not read poetry.;Paul Muldoon;poetry
That's one of the great things about poetry one realises that one does one's little turn - that you're just part of the great crop, as it were.;Paul Muldoon;poetry
The other side of it is that, despite all that, people reach out to poetry at the key moments in their lives.;Paul Muldoon;poetry
We simply have not kept in touch with poetry.;Paul Muldoon;poetry
I don't live for poetry. I live far more than anybody else does.;Charles Olson;poetry
I thought we were gonna open up the world of poetry and music to all kinds of things, and yet, I can't really think of anyone who's done anything like it since.;Ray Manzarek;poetry
I guess I wanted to leave America for awhile. It wasn't that I wanted to become an expatriate, or just never come back, I needed some breathing room. I'd already been translating French poetry, I'd been to Paris once before and liked it very much, and so I just went.;Paul Auster;poetry
I was always interested in French poetry sort of as a sideline to my own work, I was translating contemporary French poets. That kind of spilled out into translation as a way to earn money, pay for food and put bread on the table.;Paul Auster;poetry
There is the view that poetry should improve your life. I think people confuse it with the Salvation Army.;John Ashbery;poetry
In politics, as in poetry, it is sometimes true that it is darkest before dawn.;Lawrence Summers;poetry
I have been enlightened. I have fallen into poetry and it has swallowed me up.;Keith Haring;poetry
Music is my thing. It's my thing it's what I love. It's what I do. It's football to me it's Christmas to me religion to me poetry to me.;Ryan Adams;poetry
The whole thing about making films in an organic film on location is that it's not all about characters, relationships and themes, it's also about place and the poetry of place. It's about the spirit of what you find, the accidents of what you stumble across.;Mike Leigh;poetry
On a summer night it can be lovely to sit around outside with friends after dinner and, yes, read poetry to each other. Keats and Yeats will never let you down, but it's differently exciting to read the work of poets who are still walking around out there.;Michael Cunningham;poetry
Theater is far superior to film in poetry, in abstract poetry.;Julie Taymor;poetry
I was in Paris at an English-language bookstore. I picked up a volume of Dickinson's poetry. I came back to my hotel, read 2,000 of her poems and immediately began composing in my head. I wrote down the melodies even before I got to a piano.;Gordon Getty;poetry
Because people are very interested in my poetry, in what I say.;Compay Segundo;poetry
Poetry can't cure cancer, but it can save your life until you die.;Maurice Saatchi;poetry
A lyric, it is true, is the expression of personal emotion, but then so is all poetry, and to suppose that there are several kinds of poetry, differing from each other in essence, is to be deceived by wholly artificial divisions which have no real being.;John Drinkwater;poetry
Any long work in which poetry is persistent, be it epic or drama or narrative, is really a succession of separate poetic experiences governed into a related whole by an energy distinct from that which evoked them.;John Drinkwater;poetry
But in the finished art of the song the use of words has no connection with the use of words in poetry.;John Drinkwater;poetry
For while the subjects of poetry are few and recurrent, the moods of man are infinitely various and unstable. It is the same in all arts.;John Drinkwater;poetry
If it is an imperfect word, no external circumstance can heighten its value as poetry.;John Drinkwater;poetry
It should here be added that poetry habitually takes the form of verse.;John Drinkwater;poetry
Poetry being the sign of that which all men desire, even though the desire be unconscious, intensity of life or completeness of experience, the universality of its appeal is a matter of course.;John Drinkwater;poetry
Poetry is the communication through words of certain experiences that can be communicated in no other way.;John Drinkwater;poetry
The musician - if he be a good one - finds his own perception prompted by the poet's perception, and he translates the expression of that perception from the terms of poetry into the terms of music.;John Drinkwater;poetry
To know anything of a poet but his poetry is, so far as the poetry is concerned, to know something that may be entertaining, even delightful, but is certainly inessential.;John Drinkwater;poetry
We recognise in the finished art, which is the result of these conditions, the best words in the best order - poetry and to put this essential poetry into different classes is impossible.;John Drinkwater;poetry
Poetry is the mother-tongue of the human race.;Johann Georg Hamann;poetry
There are men who can write poetry, and there are men who can read balance sheets. The men who can read balance sheets cannot write.;Henry R. Luce;poetry
What we know is that Shakespeare wrote perhaps the most remarkable body of passionate love poetry in the English language to a young man.;Stephen Greenblatt;poetry
She was the Judy Garland of American poetry.;James Dickey;poetry
I think Ginsberg has done more harm to the craft that I honor and live by than anybody else by reducing it to a kind of mean that enables the most dubious practitioners to claim they are poets because they think, If the kind of thing Ginsberg does is poetry, I can do that.;James Dickey;poetry
I want a fever, in poetry: a fever, and tranquillity.;James Dickey;poetry
If there were no poetry on any day in the world, poetry would be invented that day. For there would be an intolerable hunger.;Muriel Rukeyser;poetry
The sources of poetry are in the spirit seeking completeness.;Muriel Rukeyser;poetry
When you're looking that far out, you're giving people their place in the universe, it touches people. Science is often visual, so it doesn't need translation. It's like poetry, it touches you.;Story Musgrave;poetry
I've already written 300 space poems. But I look upon my ultimate form as being a poetic prose. When you read it, it appears to be prose, but within the prose you have embedded the techniques of poetry.;Story Musgrave;poetry
Poetry is its own medium it's very different than writing prose. Poetry can talk in an imagistic sense, it has particular ways of catching an environment.;Story Musgrave;poetry
It was actually a women's writing group I belonged to in graduate school that gave me the courage to move from poetry to fiction.;Mary Gordon;poetry
When I hit a block, regardless of what I am writing, what the subject matter is, or what's going on in the plot, I go back and I read Pablo Neruda's poetry. I don't actually speak Spanish, so I read it translation. But I always go back to Neruda. I don't know why, but it calms me, calms my brain.;Tea Obreht;poetry
To be born in Wales, not with a silver spoon in your mouth, but, with music in your blood and with poetry in your soul, is a privilege indeed.;Brian Harris;poetry
People wish to be poets more than they wish to write poetry, and that's a mistake. One should wish to celebrate more than one wishes to be celebrated.;Lucille Clifton;poetry
I always liked the magic of poetry but now I'm just starting to see behind the curtain of even the best poets, how they've used, tried and tested craft to create the illusion. Wonderful feeling of exhilaration to finally be there.;David Knopfler;poetry
I'm hopefully touring with Colin Baker next year in Perfect Strangers. I have performed with Sylvia Simms in poetry and music evenings. I would love to do those for the rest of my career - they are so fun and witty.;Louise Jameson;poetry
At this point we've answered about every question you could possibly imagine about Deep Space Nine, so we do this thing called Theatrical Jazz, where we do a show of bits and pieces of things from plays and literature, poetry... stuff that we like. It's fun.;Rene Auberjonois;poetry
One can't write for all readers. A poet cannot write for people who don't like poetry.;Nathalie Sarraute;poetry
I have had much to learn from Sweden's poetry and, more especially, from her lyrics of the last generation.;Knut Hamsun;poetry
No, what I should really like to do right now, in the full blaze of lights, before this illustrious assembly, is to shower every one of you with gifts, with flowers, with offerings of poetry - to be young once more, to ride on the crest of the wave.;Knut Hamsun;poetry
For me concrete poetry was a particular way of using language which came out of a particular feeling, and I don't have control over whether this feeling is in me or not.;Ian Hamilton Finlay;poetry
But I can only write what the muse allows me to write. I cannot choose, I can only do what I am given, and I feel pleased when I feel close to concrete poetry - still.;Ian Hamilton Finlay;poetry
But at the beginning it was clear to me that concrete poetry was peculiarly suited for using in public settings. This was my idea, but of course I never really much got the chance to do it.;Ian Hamilton Finlay;poetry
Well, probably I was fed up with concrete poetry. There was a lot of bad concrete poetry and besides, it was confused with visual poetry which was completely different.;Ian Hamilton Finlay;poetry
Poetry comes alive to me through recitation.;Natalie Merchant;poetry
I'm not an academic, but I've always loved poetry since I've been small.;Naveen Andrews;poetry
Poetry is a succession of questions which the poet constantly poses.;Vicente Aleixandre;poetry
Concrete poets continue to turn out beautiful things, but to me they're more visual than oral, and they almost really belong on the wall rather than in a book. I haven't the least idea of where poetry is going.;James Laughlin;poetry
I think that concrete poetry seems to have, as far as I can see, come to a kind of a dead end. It doesn't seem to be going any further than it went in its high period of about five or six years ago.;James Laughlin;poetry
I think that is where poetry reading becomes such an individual thing. I mean I have friend who like poets who just don't say anything to me at all, I mean they seem to me rather ordinary and pedestrian.;James Laughlin;poetry
I think there's no excuse for the American poetry reader not knowing a good deal about what is going on in the rest of the world.;James Laughlin;poetry
I think we will always have the impulse towards visual poetry with us, and I wouldn't agree with Bly that it's a bad thing. It depends on the ability of the individual poet to do it well, and to make a shape which is interesting enough to hold your attention.;James Laughlin;poetry
Of course a poem is a two-way street. No poem is any good if it doesn't suggest to the reader things from his own mind and recollection that he will read into it, and will add to what the poet has suggested. But I do think poetry readings are very important.;James Laughlin;poetry
We don't attempt to have any theme for a number of the anthology, or to have any particular sequence. We just put in things that we like, and then we try to alternate the prose and the poetry.;James Laughlin;poetry
Poetry is the impish attempt to paint the color of the wind.;Maxwell Bodenheim;poetry
