If liberty and equality, as is thought by some, are chiefly to be found in democracy, they will be best attained when all persons alike share in government to the utmost.;Aristotle;equality
Coming generations will learn equality from poverty, and love from woes.;Khalil Gibran;equality
All this talk about equality. The only thing people really have in common is that they are all going to die.;Bob Dylan;equality
We will never have true civilization until we have learned to recognize the rights of others.;Will Rogers;equality
I am free of all prejudices. I hate every one equally.;W. C. Fields;equality
I know my country has not perfected itself. At times, we've struggled to keep the promise of liberty and equality for all of our people. We've made our share of mistakes, and there are times when our actions around the world have not lived up to our best intentions.;Barack Obama;equality
Equality, rightly understood as our founding fathers understood it, leads to liberty and to the emancipation of creative differences wrongly understood, as it has been so tragically in our time, it leads first to conformity and then to despotism.;Barry Goldwater;equality
In America everybody is of the opinion that he has no social superiors, since all men are equal, but he does not admit that he has no social inferiors, for, from the time of Jefferson onward, the doctrine that all men are equal applies only upwards, not downwards.;Bertrand Russell;equality
If any man claims the Negro should be content... let him say he would willingly change the color of his skin and go to live in the Negro section of a large city. Then and only then has he a right to such a claim.;Robert Kennedy;equality
Racism is still with us. But it is up to us to prepare our children for what they have to meet, and, hopefully, we shall overcome.;Rosa Parks;equality
Equality may perhaps be a right, but no power on earth can ever turn it into a fact.;Honore de Balzac;equality
The wisdom of man never yet contrived a system of taxation that would operate with perfect equality.;Andrew Jackson;equality
From the equality of rights springs identity of our highest interests you cannot subvert your neighbor's rights without striking a dangerous blow at your own.;Carl Schurz;equality
The battle for women's rights has been largely won.;Margaret Thatcher;equality
All the people like us are we, and everyone else is They.;Rudyard Kipling;equality
A woman who thinks she is intelligent demands the same rights as man. An intelligent woman gives up.;Sidonie Gabrielle Colette;equality
All men are created equal, it is only men themselves who place themselves above equality.;David Allan Coe;equality
Equality is the soul of liberty there is, in fact, no liberty without it.;Frances Wright;equality
To be successful, a woman has to be much better at her job than a man.;Golda Meir;equality
I am totally against the idea that a Muslim woman should not have the same opportunities as a Muslim man to learn, to open up, to work, help shape the future. To close Islam down to a sexist approach is totally intolerable and ridiculous. It's not Islam.;King Hussein I;equality
The year was 2081, and everyone was finally equal.;Kurt Vonnegut;equality
There can be no equality or opportunity if men and women and children be not shielded in their lives from the consequences of great industrial and social processes which they cannot alter, control, or singly cope with.;Woodrow Wilson;equality
As equality increases, so does the number of people struggling for predominance.;Mason Cooley;equality
It is better that some should be unhappy rather than that none should be happy, which would be the case in a general state of equality.;Samuel Johnson;equality
In order to get beyond racism, we must first take account of race. There is no other way. And in order to treat some persons equally, we must treat them differently.;Harry A. Blackmun;equality
The emotional, sexual, and psychological stereotyping of females begins when the doctor says: It's a girl.;Shirley Chisholm;equality
No struggle can ever succeed without women participating side by side with men.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;equality
Democracy does not guarantee equality of conditions - it only guarantees equality of opportunity.;Irving Kristol;equality
Women are the only exploited group in history to have been idealized into powerlessness.;Erica Jong;equality
Do not call for black power or green power. Call for brain power.;Barbara Jordan;equality
One of the things about equality is not just that you be treated equally to a man, but that you treat yourself equally to the way you treat a man.;Marlo Thomas;equality
If we were to select the most intelligent, imaginative, energetic, and emotionally stable third of mankind, all races would be present.;Franz Boas;equality
The cry of equality pulls everyone down.;Iris Murdoch;equality
I have no respect for the passion of equality, which seems to me merely idealizing envy.;Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.;equality
More countries have understood that women's equality is a prerequisite for development.;Kofi Annan;equality
Equality is not in regarding different things similarly, equality is in regarding different things differently.;Tom Robbins;equality
Women's rights is not only an abstraction, a cause it is also a personal affair. It is not only about us it is also about me and you. Just the two of us.;Toni Morrison;equality
Private religious speech can't be discriminated against. It has to be treated equally with secular speech.;Samuel Alito;equality
Virtue can only flourish among equals.;Mary Wollstonecraft;equality
People are pretty much alike. It's only that our differences are more susceptible to definition than our similarities.;Linda Ellerbee;equality
Real equality is immensely difficult to achieve, it needs continual revision and monitoring of distributions. And it does not provide buffers between members, so they are continually colliding or frustrating each other.;Mary Douglas;equality
Equal pay isn't just a women's issue when women get equal pay, their family incomes rise and the whole family benefits.;Mike Honda;equality
All imaginable futures are not equally possible.;Kevin Kelly;equality
Nobody really believes in equality anyway.;Warren Farrell;equality
I want for myself what I want for other women, absolute equality.;Agnes Macphail;equality
In the 1960s we were fighting to be recognized as equals in the marketplace, in marriage, in education and on the playing field. It was a very exciting, rebellious time.;Marlo Thomas;equality
I want to work on respecting individuals' dignity. Equal rights, that's where my heart is. That means equal rights and benefits, and that's what we need.;Christine Gregoire;equality
All men are born equally free.;Salmon P. Chase;equality
I want to organize so that women see ourselves as people who are entitled to power, entitled to leadership.;Patricia Ireland;equality
Stewardesses are still paid so little that in many cases, new hires qualify for food stamps.;Patricia Ireland;equality
We who are liberal and progressive know that the poor are our equals in every sense except that of being equal to us.;Lionel Trilling;equality
We are a model country where gender equality is concerned.;Tarja Halonen;equality
Democratic principles are the result of equality of condition.;Mercy Otis Warren;equality
Equality and development will not be achieved however if peace is not understood from women's' point of view.;Jenny Shipley;equality
Until women learn to want economic independence, and until they work out a way to get this independence without denying themselves the joys of love and motherhood, it seems to me feminism has no roots.;Crystal Eastman;equality
Women have a lot to say about how to advance women's rights, and governments need to learn from that, listen to the movement and respond.;Charlotte Bunch;equality
I am an aristocrat. I love liberty I hate equality.;John Randolph;equality
The extension of women's rights is the basic principle of all social progress.;Charles Fourier;equality
I refuse to consign the whole male sex to the nursery. I insist on believing that some men are my equals.;Brigid Brophy;equality
Democracy and socialism have nothing in common but one word, equality. But notice the difference: while democracy seeks equality in liberty, socialism seeks equality in restraint and servitude.;Alexis de Tocqueville;equality
Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you're a man, you take it.;Malcolm X;equality
Americans are so enamored of equality that they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom.;Alexis de Tocqueville;equality
Here are the values that I stand for: honesty, equality, kindness, compassion, treating people the way you want to be treated and helping those in need. To me, those are traditional values.;Ellen DeGeneres;equality
Democracy... is a charming form of government, full of variety and disorder and dispensing a sort of equality to equals and unequals alike.;Plato;equality
I believe in the equality of man and I believe that religious duties consist in doing justice, loving mercy, and endeavoring to make our fellow-creatures happy.;Thomas Paine;equality
With patient and firm determination, I am going to press on for jobs. I'm going to press on for equality. I'm going to press on for the sake of our children. I'm going to press on for the sake of all those families who are struggling right now. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I am going to press on.;Barack Obama;equality
Then not only custom, but also nature affirms that to do is more disgraceful than to suffer injustice, and that justice is equality.;Plato;equality
Just as modern mass production requires the standardization of commodities, so the social process requires standardization of man, and this standardization is called equality.;Erich Fromm;equality
The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.;Anatole France;equality
No advance in wealth, no softening of manners, no reform or revolution has ever brought human equality a millimeter nearer.;George Orwell;equality
The land is ours. It's not European and we have taken it, we have given it to the rightful people... Those of white extraction who happen to be in the country and are farming are welcome to do so, but they must do so on the basis of equality.;Robert Mugabe;equality
A claim for equality of material position can be met only by a government with totalitarian powers.;Friedrich August von Hayek;equality
I like the religion that teaches liberty, equality and fraternity.;B. R. Ambedkar;equality
Gender equality is more than a goal in itself. It is a precondition for meeting the challenge of reducing poverty, promoting sustainable development and building good governance.;Kofi Annan;equality
Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens.;David Cameron;equality
Indians today are governed by two different ideologies. Their political ideal set in the preamble of the Constitution affirms a life of liberty, equality and fraternity. Their social ideal embodied in their religion denies them.;B. R. Ambedkar;equality
Small natures require despotism to exercise their sinews, as great souls thirst for equality to give play to their heart.;Honore de Balzac;equality
Subordination tends greatly to human happiness. Were we all upon an equality, we should have no other enjoyment than mere animal pleasure.;Samuel Johnson;equality
The true and solid peace of nations consists not in equality of arms, but in mutual trust alone.;Pope John XXIII;equality
Disease generally begins that equality which death completes.;Samuel Johnson;equality
Humanism was not wrong in thinking that truth, beauty, liberty, and equality are of infinite value, but in thinking that man can get them for himself without grace.;Simone Weil;equality
The main business of religions is to purify, control, and restrain that excessive and exclusive taste for well-being which men acquire in times of equality.;Alexis de Tocqueville;equality
Proclaim human equality as loudly as you like, Witless will serve his brother.;Thomas Huxley;equality
Candor is a compliment it implies equality. It's how true friends talk.;Peggy Noonan;equality
From the naturalistic point of view, all men are equal. There are only two exceptions to this rule of naturalistic equality: geniuses and idiots.;Mikhail Bakunin;equality
The poor have to labour in the face of the majestic equality of the law, which forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.;Anatole France;equality
Even the striving for equality by means of a directed economy can result only in an officially enforced inequality - an authoritarian determination of the status of each individual in the new hierarchical order.;Friedrich August von Hayek;equality
You see, Africa makes a fool of our idea of justice. It makes a farce of our idea of equality. It mocks our pieties. It doubts our concern. It questions our commitment. Because there is no way we can look at what's happening in Africa, and if we're honest, conclude that it would ever be allowed to happen anywhere else.;Bono;equality
A fundamentalist can't bring himself or herself to negotiate with people who disagree with them because the negotiating process itself is an indication of implied equality.;Jimmy Carter;equality
I believe there is complete equality between men and women. And I believe those passages in the New Testament, not by Jesus, but by Paul, that say women should not adorn themselves, they should always wear hats or color their hair in church - things like that - I think they are signs of the times and should not apply to modern-day life.;Jimmy Carter;equality
I don't believe that if I came out as bisexual the world will change. But it's really important for people to be truthful about who they are and fight for equality. We need to help the world usher itself into the next phase.;Olivia Thirlby;equality
Socialism values equality more than liberty.;Dennis Prager;equality
His lordship may compel us to be equal upstairs, but there will never be equality in the servants hall.;James M. Barrie;equality
Equality is the public recognition, effectively expressed in institutions and manners, of the principle that an equal degree of attention is due to the needs of all human beings.;Simone Weil;equality
You have to stand guard over the development and maintenance of Islamic democracy, Islamic social justice and the equality of manhood in your own native soil.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;equality
For a modern woman it is important to be supported and that there is equality in every aspect, and that it's not two halves that make a whole - it's two wholes that make a whole.;Katy Perry;equality
OK, in all seriousness, I would say I couldn't be in a relationship without equality, generosity, integrity, spirit, kindness and humor. And awesomeness.;Jennifer Aniston;equality
I happen to agree with many of the liberal emphasis on compassion, justice and equality. I just disagree that it's the government's role to provide everything.;Rick Warren;equality
Take your message of equality of achievement, take your message of economic dependency, take your message of enslaving the entrepreneurial will and spirit of the American people somewhere else.;Allen West;equality
