In most sports, your brain and your body will cooperate... But in rock climbing, it is the other way around. Your brain doesn't see the point in climbing upwards. Your brain will tell you to keep as low as possible, to cling to the wall and not get any higher. You have to have your brain persuading your body to do the right movements.;Jo Nesbo;sports
People have called me Superman my whole life. In various sports, that seems to be the common theme. My favorite superhero is actually the Incredible Hulk. He's the only superhero that can't die.;Robert Griffin III;sports
I keep getting these extraordinary letteres, really weird ones from American sports stars - I've always thought you were one pretty lady and now that you're single I want to meet you for a drink.;Elizabeth Hurley;sports
I don't want someone to watch sports in bed. That drives me nuts.;Elizabeth Hurley;sports
I find interesting characters or lessons that resonate with people and sometimes I write about them in the sports pages, sometimes I write them in a column, sometimes in a novel, sometimes a play or sometimes in nonfiction. But at the core I always say to myself, 'Is there a story here? Is this something people want to read?';Mitch Albom;sports
Tiger Woods is the only sports star who's worth every penny he makes.;Mark Wahlberg;sports
When my TV show, 'Sports Jobs with Junior Seau,' assigned me to be a 'Sports Illustrated' reporter for a weekend, I didn't realize I'd have to squeeze it in around another sports job. I had planned to retire from the NFL to enjoy the cushy lifestyle of a full-time reality TV star, but I wound up getting run over by a bull.;Junior Seau;sports
I wanted to perform well for my mom and dad, because in high school, I didn't have a job. My brothers, they worked at Pizza Hut or places like that, but sports, that was my way of giving back.;Junior Seau;sports
As a sophomore, I wanted to play varsity in three sports. And I accomplished that. It was a great feat that year, and something I held special. I wanted to bring a championship team to Oceanside High School, and it happened. It was a great year that I will never forget.;Junior Seau;sports
If they asked me, I did two shifts. I did sports, I did news, because I loved it.;Larry King;sports
I played a lot of sports and it's the plays in basketball that weren't worked out that are the ones that are just fantastic that you remember. We don't know the power that's within our own bodies.;Dave Brubeck;sports
Why should sports men and women get punished harsher than people in the normal world?;David Millar;sports
The bottom line is what we do might not be the safest so there is always some risk but we are ready to take that into account because we love racing and we love motor sports and it is dangerous.;Sebastian Vettel;sports
I have my parents to thank for that, they raised me to be active and play all sports. They taught me the importance of staying healthy, being focused and setting goals in whatever I do.;Kiana Tom;sports
I receive huge support from Irish and British sports fans alike and it is greatly appreciated. Likewise I feel I have a great affinity with the American sports fans. I play most of my golf in the U.S. nowadays and I am incredibly proud to have won the U.S. Open and U.S. PGA Championship in the last two years.;Rory McIlroy;sports
I wish I had played team sports. I think every kid should. Teamwork builds character - teaches people about leadership and cooperation.;Mo Rocca;sports
When I was a kid, I was always an athlete. I played a lot of sports. I played football, basketball, baseball and soccer.;Scott Caan;sports
Some people train for certain sports and I want to train to be able to hold a super heavy electric guitar and carry luggage around myself because I always have to have 7,000 pairs of shoes. Who cares about sports?;Lisa Loeb;sports
When I grew up we had gym at school, two or three dance classes after school, ice skating lessons, and all sorts of sports at our finger tips. We weren't glued to computers because they didn't exist, so being active was all we knew.;Lisa Loeb;sports
I never really was that passionate about playing sports. But when I was at this Mt. Herman school, I did have the ability to throw the frisbee. So when this sport evolved, it was fun because I was good at it.;Joel Silver;sports
I liked sports but I never really had the confidence. I was always coordinated and it came easy to me, but I didn't have the confidence to go along with the physical skill.;Bradley Cooper;sports
Sport is a wonderful metaphor for life. Of all the sports that I played - skiing, baseball, fishing - there is no greater example than golf, because you're playing against yourself and nature.;Robert Redford;sports
I like every single actor or actress in the world, because we never know what the conditions are like when they are working. I give everyone the benefit of the doubt and root for them like a psychotic sports fan.;Judd Nelson;sports
I feel like football players are overworked and underpaid compared to any other sports.;Terrell Owens;sports
In sports... you play from the time you're eight years old, and then you're done forever.;Joe Montana;sports
Baseball is only a game, a game of inches and a lot of luck. During a time of all-out war, sports are very insignificant.;Bob Feller;sports
I don't put anything in front of taking ski racing and sports seriously.;Bode Miller;sports
As you know, the thing that I know the least about is the topic of sports.;John Hodgman;sports
All I can ask from society is that it please stop telling me why I should like sports.;John Hodgman;sports
That's the difference between golf and many other sports. You go to some other sporting events, they just leave you or give you the cold shoulder and move on.;Bernhard Langer;sports
You know, we don't look much alike, but Denzel Washington would make a great sports agent.;Leigh Steinberg;sports
I think it is that parents just don't kick their kids out the door as much as they used to. I think the demise of sandlot sports has had a lot to do with it.;Frank Shorter;sports
My band is so dedicated, everybody works very hard. The No. 1 priority is the show, and it's pretty cool because we all pull together, and it's fun. It's like being on a sports team or something.;Bob Seger;sports
When you're a child, no matter if you're doing show business or sports or school or anything, you just want to make the adults happy.;Anna Chlumsky;sports
As the proud father of two teens and past Chairman to the Presidents Council on Physical Fitness and Sports, I am committed to educating parents and especially young people on ways to live a long, healthy and active life.;Lee Haney;sports
Sports nurtures dreams of achieving self confidence and masculine striving for the skinny kid watching a boxer dance around the ring with sublime ease.;Armstrong Williams;sports
Louie and Seabiscuit were both Californians and both on the sports pages in the 1930s. I was fascinated. When I learned about his World War II experiences, I thought, 'If this guy is still alive, I want to meet him.';Laura Hillenbrand;sports
The last few years I became a lot more into sports. Growing up, the sports I liked were independent sports, like skateboarding. I was really into skateboarding, and not necessarily team televised sports.;Mark Hoppus;sports
I know my strengths. Painfully aware of the weaknesses. There's many. I love sports. So working towards a common goal, that's exciting to me.;Kathy Ireland;sports
I think having a vision can make someone an influential man. I'm not talking about acting or anything like that, I'm talking about people I admire, whether it's a writer or a musician or a sports figure or a politician, whatever.;Benicio Del Toro;sports
I've always been really active. I grew up playing sports, so I'm always shooting hoops or throwing the football with my friends. I'm super-active in that sense.;Taylor Lautner;sports
I've always kind of had an interest in the drums but nothing else. The drums are the only thing I feel I would be good at, because I'm a very physical person. I've always played sports and stuff. Drums would give me something to do.;Taylor Lautner;sports
I never really hated any particular sport but out of all the sports, I used to prefer the team games to running and sprinting and those types of things.;Rachel Stevens;sports
But I was so wrapped up in sports growing up as a kid, that I think I was going to grow to be a pro ball player. But I found out real quick that was not going to happen.;Tim McGraw;sports
Ethnic prejudice has no place in sports, and baseball must recognize that truth if it is to maintain stature as a national game.;Branch Rickey;sports
I love sport, I grew up playing sports, that's all I did, and it is so invigorating now that I'm supposedly adult to learn something completely new, from the bottom up.;Ellen Page;sports
I grew up playing sports, but now I feel like I can't, because if I get injured, I'll impair whatever film I'm working on.;Ellen Page;sports
It's not just the NFL. Every other league has a draft. It has been fundamental to the success of professional sports.;Roger Goodell;sports
We're in a leadership position in sports. People look up to the National Football League.;Roger Goodell;sports
It's a little bit in the genes because my brother is a journalist and my father was a sports writer.;Patricia Heaton;sports
Three events. Three gold medals. I was news, big news, in the sports world.;Esther Williams;sports
The newspapers loved pinup pictures of pretty young swimmers, and as a national champion, I got more than my share of space in the sports pages.;Esther Williams;sports
Life magazine ran a page featuring me and three other girls that was clearly the precursor of Sports Illustrated swimsuit issues.;Esther Williams;sports
I was sports editor for my high school newspaper, but I think I shied away from journalism.;Jenna Bush;sports
I never really did sports growing up. Maybe that's why they intrigue me. The technology that goes into that clothing is steps ahead, so it's always been something I look towards.;Alexander Wang;sports
I'll go out, but I leave early, before the shenanigans. I don't really do the Hollywood party thing. I'd rather watch sports or play videogames or work out or sleep, to be totally honest.;Cory Monteith;sports
I played a ton of team sports growing up, and team wins are just incredibly gratifying.;Jason Bateman;sports
The word 'geek' today does not mean what it used to mean. A geek isn't the skinny kid with a pocket protector and acne. There can be computer geeks, video game geeks, car geeks, military geeks, and sports geeks. Being a geek just means that you're passionate about something.;Olivia Munn;sports
A geek isn't the skinny kid with a pocket protector and acne. There can be computer geeks, video game geeks, car geeks, military geeks, and sports geeks. Being a geek just means that you're passionate about something.;Olivia Munn;sports
Most people compliment me on maintaining my femininity while I'm on the court. People like the fact that I model. My fans or little girls always say they want to play sports, but also want to be a model like me and I think that's great.;Lisa Leslie;sports
Winning isn't everything, but playing and competing and striving and going through things can be a lot of fun and really important. As long as you're doing it in a way that's healthy, sports can be an incredible opportunity.;Andrew Shue;sports
For a while I was on the cover of every Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue, which was regarded as the pinnacle of success in America.;Elle Macpherson;sports
The sports page records people's accomplishments, the front page usually records nothing, but man's failures.;Barbara Walters;sports
I believe God created sports for a good reason. It's recreation. It's something that we enjoy. It teaches us a lot as well... I believe God is a sports fan.;Luke Scott;sports
While writing my first 90 books, I was magazine editor, publisher, book publisher, executive, etc., so I was established in publishing. three of my seven or so books were biographies of sports stars and really opened doors for me in that area.;Jerry B. Jenkins;sports
I was very fortunate to play sports. All the anger in me went out. I had to do what I had to do. If you stay angry all the time, then you really don't have a good life.;Willie Mays;sports
At ten I was playing against 18-year-old guys. At 15 I was playing professional ball with the Birmingham Black Barons, so I really came very quickly in all sports.;Willie Mays;sports
When I was in Birmingham I used to go to a place called Redwood Field. I used to get there for a two o'clock game. Where can you make this kind of money playing sports? It was just a pleasure to go out and enjoy myself and get paid for it.;Willie Mays;sports
We should confine booing in sports arenas to sport. I love a good boo as much as the next football fan.;Alastair Campbell;sports
I'm a big sports fan. College football is my favorite.;Verne Troyer;sports
All I want to know is that I can keep this house for the rest of my days and I want to make good music... and have the odd sports car in the garage, obviously!;Jay Kay;sports
I would venture to guess that if I was a construction worker... who requested a transfer to another department for the betterment of his family, I would be commended for it. But because it's sports, there's just so much passion added to it.;Derek Fisher;sports
All sports must be treated on the basis of equality.;Pierre de Coubertin;sports
But as a practical matter, Detroit's the sports city in the country.;Rick Snyder;sports
So if you want great sports, Michigan's the place to be.;Rick Snyder;sports
I remember when I was growing up, I always wore glasses and so if I was on-stage or just being able to move around playing sports, I was never really able to because I had glasses holding me back. Wearing contacts has just been very helpful.;Joe Jonas;sports
Money was never the motivation. It never should be in sports.;Katarina Witt;sports
Tennis is not like other sports where the coach is hired by an independent entity, and that makes a huge difference in the dynamic.;Ivan Lendl;sports
If architecture is, as is sometimes said, music set in concrete, then football and basketball may be said to be creativity embodied in team sports.;Michael Mandelbaum;sports
Read the news section of the newspaper and there is confusion and uncertainty, a world buffeted by large forces people neither understand nor control. But turn to the sports section and it's all different.;Michael Mandelbaum;sports
The cardinal sin in sports, what could really wreck it, is not cheating to win, which has gone on forever, but cheating to lose. That threatens a fundamental aspect of sports' appeal, which is their spontaneity. If games are fixed, they're no different from movies they're scripted.;Michael Mandelbaum;sports
My tastes in all things lean towards the arty and boring. I like sports documentaries about Scrabble players, bands that play quiet, unassuming music, and TV shows that win awards. In that way, I am an elitist snob.;Michael Ian Black;sports
When a sports movie really works, it gets you on all levels, because the stakes are high. It's black and white. It's win or lose.;Carla Gugino;sports
I would never encourage my children to be athletes - first because my children are not athletes and second because there are so many people pushing to get to the top in sports that 100 people are crushed for each one who breaks through. This is unfortunate.;Bill James;sports
I like to feel that I understand little things about sports.;Bill James;sports
As a child I was very involved with sports and I knew at age 9 that I wanted to be an Olympic champion.;Marion Jones;sports
We all know that girls who compete in sports perform better in school, are physically healthier and have a stronger self-esteem.;Louise Slaughter;sports
My dad told us up front, 'Guys, if you want to play sports, go ahead, but it's your decision.';Peyton Manning;sports
I started my cooking 'career' aged 15, almost 20 years ago. At the time it was quite a shock suddenly working 75 to 80 hours a week, without time to play football or other sports.;Rene Redzepi;sports
I'm an English boy. I played a lot of sports growing up, but I never had any kind of workout regimen.;Stephen Moyer;sports
Competing in sports has taught me that if I'm not willing to give 120 percent, somebody else will.;Ron Blomberg;sports
Through the years I have received my share of recognition for efforts in the fields of sports, the arts, the struggle for full citizenship for the Negro people, labor's rights and the fight for peace.;Paul Robeson;sports
I'm a sports guy. Football, God, I flip out.;David Boreanaz;sports
I wanted to play sports my whole life. That's all I really wanted to do.;David Boreanaz;sports
Major sports are major parts of society. It's not anomalous to have people who love sports come from other parts of that society.;A. Bartlett Giamatti;sports
One of the most difficult things for people who have been successful in sports is adapting to the daily world where you can't get an answer from someone until 5 o'clock tomorrow. There is always an excuse. Living 40 or 50 years like that doesn't get too exciting after a while.;Mark Spitz;sports
That's the biggest problem with boxing in the United States. They do not promote it like they used to, when it used to be Howard Cosell and they showed it on 'Wide World of Sports.' Everybody knew all the fighters. Everybody was looking forward to the year when the Olympics came on.;Evander Holyfield;sports
Sports is the only entertainment where, no matter how many times you go back, you never know the ending.;Neil Simon;sports
My dad was a sports writer when I was younger and then he became just a general columnist. But I grew up with him literally getting into brawls with football coaches.;Amy Klobuchar;sports
