If it is your time, love will track you down like a cruise missile.;Lynda Barry;time
I don't know if I believe in love at first sight, but of course I believe in two people having chemistry right away. A girl should be really easy to talk to. When I lose track of time because we've been talking, I think that's really fun.;Zac Efron;time
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.;Harriet Beecher Stowe;time
An artist is an artist only because of his exquisite sense of beauty, a sense which shows him intoxicating pleasures, but which at the same time implies and contains an equally exquisite sense of all deformities and all disproportion.;Charles Baudelaire;time
Life in the twentieth century is like a parachute jump: you have to get it right the first time.;Margaret Mead;time
I've got a theory that if you give 100% all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end.;Larry Bird;time
I didn't fully realize it at the time, but the goal of my life was profoundly molded by this experience - to help produce, in the next generation, more Mother Teresas and less Hitlers.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;time
I believe if there is any place left where the humanity is still visible, it can not be anywhere else than in an Islamic society. Time would come when the world would be obliged to accept this reality.;Jermaine Jackson;time
I think every entertainer's had nights when things go wrong. I mean you can't remember everything all the time, and especially if you're having hard times personally, things going on that you - you know, and then people make it worse. And that makes you feel worse.;Dolly Parton;time
So long as you have food in your mouth, you have solved all questions for the time being.;Franz Kafka;time
I am one of those scientists who feels that it is no longer enough just to get on and do science. We have to devote a significant proportion of our time and resources to defending it from deliberate attack from organised ignorance.;Richard Dawkins;time
To take a photograph is to participate in another person's mortality, vulnerability, mutability. Precisely by slicing out this moment and freezing it, all photographs testify to time's relentless melt.;Susan Sontag;time
I'm not comfortable being preachy, but more people need to start spending as much time in the library as they do on the basketball court.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;time
I try to do the right thing at the right time. They may just be little things, but usually they make the difference between winning and losing.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;time
Islam expect every Muslim to do this duty, and if we realise our responsibility time will come soon when we shall justify ourselves worthy of a glorious past.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;time
Time is not measured by the passing of years but by what one does, what one feels, and what one achieves.;Jawaharlal Nehru;time
Eagles don't flock, you have to find them one at a time.;Ross Perot;time
Love is space and time measured by the heart.;Marcel Proust;time
No great idea in its beginning can ever be within the law. How can it be within the law? The law is stationary. The law is fixed. The law is a chariot wheel which binds us all regardless of conditions or place or time.;Emma Goldman;time
Of course, everybody makes mistakes, and we've all been young and stupid. But people need to have a sense of respect, particularly in this business, because hundreds of people are ready to take your place at any time. Maybe some people should think about that.;Sophia Bush;time
In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten, then he who continues the attack wins.;Ulysses S. Grant;time
I like somebody who's not so crazy but likes to have a good time... and who is thoughtful and kind and easy to laugh with. Somebody you can just be yourself with one hundred and fifty percent.;Kate Bosworth;time
Life is like an onion. You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.;Carl Sandburg;time
When I sing, I feel like when you're first in love. It's more than sex. It's that point two people can get to they call love, when you really touch someone for the first time, but it's gigantic, multiplied by the whole audience. I feel chills.;Janis Joplin;time
Life is a series of steps. Things are done gradually. Once in a while there is a giant step, but most of the time we are taking small, seemingly insignificant steps on the stairway of life.;Ralph Ransom;time
Don't ever let economic alone determine your career or how you spend the majority of your time.;Denis Waitley;time
The best time I ever had with Joan Crawford was when I pushed her down the stairs in Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?;Bette Davis;time
Ego is a social fiction for which one person at a time gets all the blame.;Robert Anton Wilson;time
Anyone who says they're not afraid at the time of a hurricane is either a fool or a liar, or a little bit of both.;Anderson Cooper;time
Vanity of science. Knowledge of physical science will not console me for ignorance of morality in time of affliction, but knowledge of morality will always console me for ignorance of physical science.;Blaise Pascal;time
Do not wait the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.;George Herbert;time
Those who make the worst use of their time are the first to complain of its shortness.;Jean de la Bruyere;time
The person who grieves suffers his passion to grow upon him he indulges it, he loves it but this never happens in the case of actual pain, which no man ever willingly endured for any considerable time.;Edmund Burke;time
Only in our dreams are we free. The rest of the time we need wages.;Terry Pratchett;time
90 percent of my time is spent on 10 percent of the world.;Colin Powell;time
I'm Irish. I think about death all the time.;Jack Nicholson;time
If we think we have ours and don't owe any time or money or effort to help those left behind, then we are a part of the problem rather than the solution to the fraying social fabric that threatens all Americans.;Marian Wright Edelman;time
If you look - look at - I mean, look at what's going on with your gasoline prices. They're going to go to $5, $6, $7 and we don't have anybody in Washington that calls OPEC and says, 'Fellas, it's time. It's over. You're not going to do it anymore.';Donald Trump;time
I try to forget about the expectation that's out there and the audience listening for the next thing so that I'm not trying to please them. I've spent a huge amount of time not communicating with those folks and denying that they exist.;Chuck Palahniuk;time
Winning is overrated. The only time it is really important is in surgery and war.;Al McGuire;time
Here or henceforward it is all the same to me, I accept Time absolutely.;Walt Whitman;time
Let us learn to appreciate there will be times when the trees will be bare, and look forward to the time when we may pick the fruit.;Anton Chekhov;time
There's much to be said for feeling numb. Time passes more quickly. You eat less, and because numbness encourages laziness, you do fewer things, good or bad, and the world's probably a better place for it.;Doug Coupland;time
The noir hero is a knight in blood caked armor. He's dirty and he does his best to deny the fact that he's a hero the whole time.;Frank Miller;time
Every great film should seem new every time you see it.;Roger Ebert;time
Truth is the daughter of time, not of authority.;Francis Bacon;time
There are a lot of things that are personally uncomfortable to show, especially me without makeup and completely bloated or crying. But I've realized that it's time for me to show my audience that you don't have to be perfect to achieve your dreams. Because nobody relates to being perfect.;Katy Perry;time
What makes photography a strange invention is that its primary raw materials are light and time.;John Berger;time
Time, which changes people, does not alter the image we have retained of them.;Marcel Proust;time
I just go where my heart tells me, where my gut tells me to go, where I'm enjoying my life the most, where I feel like I can have the most success. I've truly enjoyed my experience in NASCAR, to the point that I want to do it full time.;Danica Patrick;time
Cancer victims who don't accept their fate, who don't learn to live with it, will only destroy what little time they have left.;Ingrid Bergman;time
Time destroys the speculation of men, but it confirms nature.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;time
I would feel more optimistic about a bright future for man if he spent less time proving that he can outwit Nature and more time tasting her sweetness and respecting her seniority.;E. B. White;time
I've learned from experience that if you work harder at it, and apply more energy and time to it, and more consistency, you get a better result. It comes from the work.;Louis C. K.;time
I'm embarrassed every time I look a teacher in the eye, because we ask them to do so much for so little.;Phil McGraw;time
You will launch many projects, but have time to finish only a few. So think, plan, develop, launch and tap good people to be responsible. Give them authority and hold them accountable. Trying to do too much yourself creates a bottleneck.;Donald Rumsfeld;time
Our soul is cast into a body, where it finds number, time, dimension. Thereupon it reasons, and calls this nature necessity, and can believe nothing else.;Blaise Pascal;time
When we disclaim praise, it is only showing our desire to be praised a second time.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;time
All my life, whenever it comes time to make a decision, I make it and forget about it.;Harry S. Truman;time
The first time I see a jogger smiling, I'll consider it.;Joan Rivers;time
On average, drug prisoners spend more time in federal prison than rapists, who often get out on early release because of the overcrowding in prison caused by the Drug War.;Michael Badnarik;time
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time.;Benjamin Disraeli;time
A good athlete always mentally replays a competition over and over, even in victory, to see what might be done to improve the performance the next time.;Frank Shorter;time
A simple fact that is hard to learn is that the time to save money is when you have some.;Joe Moore;time
Young poets bewail the passing of love old poets, the passing of time. There is surprisingly little difference.;Mason Cooley;time
There is no waste of time in life like that of making explanations.;Benjamin Disraeli;time
I'm convinced that the man who has learned to meditate upon the Lord will be able to run on his feet and walk in his spirit. Although he may be hurried by his vocation, that's not the issue. The issue is how fast his spirit is going. To slow it down takes a period of time.;Charles Stanley;time
Consciousness is our only reprieve from Time.;Mason Cooley;time
The man of sensibility is too busy talking about his feelings to have time for good deeds.;Mason Cooley;time
Employee of the month is a good example of how somebody can be both a winner and a loser at the same time.;Demetri Martin;time
What troubles me is the Internet and the electronic technology revolution. Shyness is fueled in part by so many people spending huge amounts of time alone, isolated on e-mail, in chat rooms, which reduces their face-to-face contact with other people.;Philip Zimbardo;time
I feel there are two people inside me - me and my intuition. If I go against her, she'll screw me every time, and if I follow her, we get along quite nicely.;Kim Basinger;time
Born again?! No, I'm not. Excuse me for getting it right the first time.;Dennis Miller;time
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.;Mia Hamm;time
The first time you marry for love, the second for money, and the third for companionship.;Jackie Kennedy;time
If the Romans had been obliged to learn Latin, they would never have found time to conquer the world.;Heinrich Heine;time
Men know everything - all of them - all the time - no matter how stupid or inexperienced or arrogant or ignorant they are.;Andrea Dworkin;time
Getting an audience is hard. Sustaining an audience is hard. It demands a consistency of thought, of purpose, and of action over a long period of time.;Bruce Springsteen;time
In time of war the laws are silent.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;time
The long time to come when I shall not exist has more effect on me than this short present time, which nevertheless seems endless.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;time
Because when you have millions of people with this kind of need for gratification, and the culture is saying that it's possible for everyone to satisfy all of their needs and desires all of the time, there are obviously going to be clashes - clashes of ego.;Taylor Hackford;time
If I could wake up in a different place, at a different time, could I wake up as a different person?;Chuck Palahniuk;time
I had become, with the approach of night, once more aware of loneliness and time - those two companions without whom no journey can yield us anything.;Lawrence Durrell;time
No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth.;Robert Southey;time
Time is not a thing, thus nothing which is, and yet it remains constant in its passing away without being something temporal like the beings in time.;Martin Heidegger;time
Where I am today... I still have my ups and downs, but I take it one day at a time and I just hope that I can be the best that I can possibly be, not only for myself, but also young people that are out there today that need someone to look up to.;Demi Lovato;time
My own time is passing fast enough without some national game to help it along.;Andy Rooney;time
We are so used to dissembling with others that in time we come to deceive and dissemble with ourselves.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;time
When you encounter difficulties and contradictions, do not try to break them, but bend them with gentleness and time.;Saint Francis de Sales;time
A man must dream a long time in order to act with grandeur, and dreaming is nursed in darkness.;Jean Genet;time
How time files when you's doin' all the talking.;Harvey Fierstein;time
Time will tell us what we did and didn't do.;Harvey Fierstein;time
Winners take time to relish their work, knowing that scaling the mountain is what makes the view from the top so exhilarating.;Denis Waitley;time
By recollecting the pleasures I have had formerly, I renew them, I enjoy them a second time, while I laugh at the remembrance of troubles now past, and which I no longer feel.;Giacomo Casanova;time
I'm a romantic, and we romantics are more sensitive to the way people feel. We love more, and we hurt more. When we're hurt, we hurt for a long time.;Freddy Fender;time
I suppose, in a way, this has become part of my soul. It is a symbol of my life. Whatever I have done that really matters, I've done wearing it. When the time comes, it will be in this that I journey forth. What greater honor could come to an American, and a soldier?;Douglas MacArthur;time
When you play it too safe, you're taking the biggest risk of your life. Time is the only wealth we're given.;Barbara Sher;time
Service is the rent we pay for being. It is the very purpose of life, and not something you do in your spare time.;Marian Wright Edelman;time
A great artist is always before his time or behind it.;George Edward Moore;time
