Megacollectors suppose they can enter art history by spending astronomical amounts.;Jerry Saltz;history
Imagine it's 1981. You're an artist, in love with art, smitten with art history. You're also a woman, with almost no mentors to look to art history just isn't that into you. Any woman approaching art history in the early eighties was attempting to enter an almost foreign country, a restricted and exclusionary domain that spoke a private language.;Jerry Saltz;history
Our culture now wonderfully, alchemically transforms images and history into artistic material. The possibilities seem endless and wide open.;Jerry Saltz;history
I love Rauschenberg. I love that he created a turning point in visual history, that he redefined the idea of beauty, that he combined painting, sculpture, photography, and everyday life with such gall, and that he was interested in, as he put it, 'the ability to conceive failure as progress.';Jerry Saltz;history
Yeah, I read history. But it doesn't make you nice. Hitler read history, too.;Joan Rivers;history
Throughout human history, the apostles of purity, those who have claimed to possess a total explanation, have wrought havoc among mere mixed-up human beings.;Salman Rushdie;history
Black history is American history.;Morgan Freeman;history
I didn't do improv in college, I never performed, I didn't do theater either. I was in student government, I was a history major.;Demetri Martin;history
No period of history has ever been great or ever can be that does not act on some sort of high, idealistic motives, and idealism in our time has been shoved aside, and we are paying the penalty for it.;Alfred North Whitehead;history
It's very attractive to people to be a victim. Instead of having to think out the whole situation, about history and your group and what you are doing... if you begin from the point of view of being a victim, you've got it half-made. I mean intellectually.;V. S. Naipaul;history
We wonder if we will be the first generation in American history to leave our children with fewer opportunities and a less prosperous nation than the one we inherited.;Paul Ryan;history
After all, when the world looks to America, they look to us because we are the most successful political and economic experiment in human history.;Condoleezza Rice;history
History is a people's memory, and without a memory, man is demoted to the lower animals.;Malcom X;history
Storytelling in general is a communal act. Throughout human history, people would gather around, whether by the fire or at a tavern, and tell stories. One person would chime in, then another, maybe someone would repeat a story they heard already but with a different spin. It's a collective process.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;history
There is little for the great part of the history of the world except the bitter tears of pity and the hot tears of wrath.;Woodrow Wilson;history
I feel like I'm too busy writing history to read it.;Kanye West;history
I have never denied my background or my culture. I have taught my child to embrace her Mexican heritage, to love my first language, Spanish, to learn about Mexican history, music, folk art, food, and even the Mexican candy I grew up with.;Salma Hayek;history
This is the lesson that history teaches: repetition.;Gertrude Stein;history
The public history of modern art is the story of conventional people not knowing what they are dealing with.;Golda Meir;history
The history of mankind is the instant between two strides taken by a traveler.;Franz Kafka;history
History is Philosophy teaching by example.;Thucydides;history
Unlike any other leader in modern American history, we are led today by a president that has decided to pit Americans against each other.;Marco Rubio;history
History is malleable. A new cache of diaries can shed new light, and archeological evidence can challenge our popular assumptions.;Ken Burns;history
The history of the world is the world's court of justice.;Friedrich Schiller;history
Whether you like it or not, history is on our side. We will bury you!;Nikita Khrushchev;history
The history of progress is written in the blood of men and women who have dared to espouse an unpopular cause, as, for instance, the black man's right to his body, or woman's right to her soul.;Emma Goldman;history
Imagine a part of the U.S.A., from which the U.S.A. started - where is the cradle of your history? This is Kosovo for Serbia.;Novak Djokovic;history
I was bused to a school in Gerritsen Beach in Brooklyn in 1972. I was one of the first black kids in the history of the school.;Chris Rock;history
Black History Month must be more than just a month of remembrance it should be a tribute to our history and reminder of the work that lies in the months and years ahead.;Marty Meehan;history
In a typical history book, black Americans are mentioned in the context of slavery or civil rights. There's so much more to the story.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;history
It is like writing history with lightning and my only regret is that it is all so terribly true.;Woodrow Wilson;history
All the lessons of history in four sentences: Whom the gods would destroy, they first make mad with power. The mills of God grind slowly, but they grind exceedingly small. The bee fertilizes the flower it robs. When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.;Charles A. Beard;history
And thus goes segregation which is the most far-reaching development in the history of the Negro since the enslavement of the race.;Carter G. Woodson;history
The history of the world is none other than the progress of the consciousness of freedom.;Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel;history
I love studying Ancient History and seeing how empires rise and fall, sowing the seeds of their own destruction.;Martin Scorsese;history
It all happened so fast. The ghetto. The deportation. The sealed cattle car. The fiery altar upon which the history of our people and the future of mankind were meant to be sacrificed.;Elie Wiesel;history
Becoming emancipated at 14, my life wasn't normal. I didn't have to go to school, so I didn't. I was rebellious by nature. I spent my 20s focusing on my company, Flower Films, and producing movies. Now that I'm almost 30, I would like to try other things in lie. I'm crazy about photography, and I want to take an art history class.;Drew Barrymore;history
I love doing normal things - movies, shopping, going out with friends, writing, reading, taking hot bubble baths - that's a big one for relaxation. I also love to go to art and history museums.;Christina Aguilera;history
My place in history will depend on what I can do for the people and not on what the people can do for me.;William Jennings Bryan;history
I learned much more about acting from philosophy courses, psychology courses, history and anthropology than I ever learned in acting class.;Tim Robbins;history
History takes time. History makes memory.;Gertrude Stein;history
The history of the world shows that peoples and societies do not have to pass through a fixed series of stages in the course of development.;Aung San Suu Kyi;history
History will see advertising as one of the real evil things of our time. It is stimulating people constantly to want things, want this, want that.;Malcolm Muggeridge;history
The Democrats co-opted the credit for the Civil Rights Act of 1964. But if you go back and look at the history, a larger percentage of Republicans voted for that than did Democrats. But a Democrat president signed it, so they co-opted credit for having passed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965.;Herman Cain;history
This is the greatest society in all of human history, the greatest country ever. Many of the decisions being made in Washington today by both parties are threatening that greatness. And if we stay on this road we're on right now, our children are going to be the first Americans ever to inherit a diminished country.;Marco Rubio;history
Americans believe with all their heart, the vast majority of them, and the vast majority of Floridians, that the United States of America is simply the single greatest nation in all of human history.;Marco Rubio;history
Jewelry and pins have been worn throughout history as symbols of power, sending messages. Interestingly enough, it was mostly men who wore the jewelry in various times, and obviously crowns were part of signals that were being sent throughout history by people of rank.;Madeleine Albright;history
The Carter Center has the only existing international taskforce on disease eradication. Which means a total elimination of a disease on the face of the Earth. In the history of the world, there's only been one disease eradicated: smallpox. The second disease, I think, is gonna be guinea worm.;Jimmy Carter;history
You look at the greatest villains in human history, the fascists, the autocrats, they all wanted people to kneel before them because they don't love themselves enough.;Tom Hiddleston;history
You can't fake this music. You might be a great singer or a great musician but, in the need, that's got nothing to do with it. It's how you connect to the songs and to the history behind them.;Etta James;history
No cause is left but the most ancient of all, the one, in fact, that from the beginning of our history has determined the very existence of politics, the cause of freedom versus tyranny.;Hannah Arendt;history
All good criticism should be judged the way art is. You shouldn't read it the way you read history or science.;Leslie Fiedler;history
A man acquainted with history may, in some respect, be said to have lived from the beginning of the world, and to have been making continual additions to his stock of knowledge in every century.;David Hume;history
Black people don't have an accurate idea of their history, which has been either suppressed or distorted.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;history
And why do we, who say we oppose tyranny and demand freedom of speech, allow people to go to prison and be vilified, and magazines to be closed down on the spot, for suggesting another version of history.;David Icke;history
In a sense, words are encyclopedias of ignorance because they freeze perceptions at one moment in history and then insist we continue to use these frozen perceptions when we should be doing better.;Edward de Bono;history
That's all a man can hope for during his lifetime - to set an example - and when he is dead, to be an inspiration for history.;William McKinley;history
There's something quite exciting when you have a history with somebody and you see them do new and different things.;Tim Burton;history
Music can be healing, and with my history and my knowledge of both sides of what looks like a gigantic divide in the world, I feel I can point a way forward to our common humanity again.;Cat Stevens;history
A moment comes, which comes but rarely in history, when we step out from the old to the new when an age ends and when the soul of a nation long suppressed finds utterance.;Jawaharlal Nehru;history
May it not be that, just as we have to have faith in Him, God has to have faith in us and, considering the history of the human race so far, may it not be that 'faith' is even more difficult for Him than it is for us?;W. H. Auden;history
History has remembered the kings and warriors, because they destroyed art has remembered the people, because they created.;William Morris;history
Religion has caused more misery to all of mankind in every stage of human history than any other single idea.;Madalyn Murray O'Hair;history
All in all, for someone who was immersed in, fascinated by, and dedicated to flight, I was disappointed by the wrinkle in history that had brought me along one generation late. I had missed all the great times and adventures in flight.;Neil Armstrong;history
The whole history of pop music had rested on the first person singular, with occasional intrusions of the second person singular.;Brian Eno;history
Isn't history ultimately the result of our fear of boredom?;Emile M. Cioran;history
I am totally fascinated by people and our history as I understand and continue to explore it. People have so much to give and so far to go and yet we have given and gone a great distance. It's really just interesting to ask: why not? And see where that takes me.;Nikki Giovanni;history
I don't have incredible knowledge about films or of filmmaking history I'm not that kind of person.;Ang Lee;history
I am privileged to be a citizen of the single greatest society in all of human history.;Marco Rubio;history
From tea parties to the election in Massachusetts, we are witnessing the single greatest political pushback in American history.;Marco Rubio;history
And I can tell you that history will back up what I'm about to say and that is that there is no government run by conservatives, Republicans, put whoever you want there, if you give government the opportunity to spend more money than it has, it will do it. It will do it every time.;Marco Rubio;history
Our history is not our destiny.;Alan Cohen;history
I have the opportunity to be part of swimming history. To take the sport to a new level would be an honor for me. There's no better time to try this than now.;Michael Phelps;history
All I know is that history repeats itself and people are going to want to experience the world. But I know then they are going to have a better appreciation for what is here in Maine.;John Baldacci;history
Gluttony might be innocuous were it not for the fact that gluttons tend to disregard whether their self-serving behaviors harm anyone else. We don't need to look far and wide to find examples of gluttonous behavior, as they are numerous throughout the history of capitalism.;Simon Mainwaring;history
The German national character is a favorite subject of character experts, probably because the less mature a nation, the more she is an object of criticism and not of history.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;history
The subject of history is the gradual realization of all that is practically necessary.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;history
The Establishment center... has led us into the stupidest and cruelest war in all history. That war is a moral and political disaster - a terrible cancer eating away at the soul of our nation.;George McGovern;history
I really like to look like a history book. I can look 1940s, I can look 1970s hippie-chic, or sometimes I'll pull that '80s Brooklyn hip-hop kid with the door-knocker earrings.;Katy Perry;history
There is not to be found, in all history, any miracle attested by a sufficient number of men, of such unquestioned good sense, education and learning, as to secure us against all delusion in themselves.;David Hume;history
The advantages found in history seem to be of three kinds, as it amuses the fancy, as it improves the understanding, and as it strengthens virtue.;David Hume;history
You can't walk alone. Many have given the illusion, but none have really walked alone. Man is not made that way. Each man is bedded in his people, their history, their culture, and their values.;Peter Abrahams;history
Even in high school I was very interested in history - why people do the things they do. As a kid I spent a lot of time trying to relate the past to the present.;George Lucas;history
You don't change the course of history by turning the faces of portraits to the wall.;Jawaharlal Nehru;history
No people in history have ever survived who thought they could protect their freedom by making themselves inoffensive to their enemies.;Dean Acheson;history
History is mostly guessing the rest is prejudice.;Will Durant;history
Bankers know that history is inflationary and that money is the last thing a wise man will hoard.;Will Durant;history
The character and history of each child may be a new and poetic experience to the parent, if he will let it.;Margaret Fuller;history
I know there's some kind of history to mountain music-like it came from Ireland or England or Scotland and we kept up the tradition.;Loretta Lynn;history
In many ways, history is marked as 'before' and 'after' Rosa Parks. She sat down in order that we all might stand up, and the walls of segregation came down.;Jesse Jackson;history
We are living in the machine age. For the first time in history the comedian has been compelled to supply himself with jokes and comedy material to compete with the machine. Whether he knows it or not, the comedian is on a treadmill to oblivion.;Fred Allen;history
I'm not keen on history being tampered with... to any extent.;Daniel Day-Lewis;history
History proves that all dictatorships, all authoritarian forms of government are transient. Only democratic systems are not transient. Whatever the shortcomings, mankind has not devised anything superior.;Vladimir Putin;history
I want to write a book which is the history of comedy.;John Cleese;history
You had to be aware that I saw that photography was a mere episode in the history of the optical projection and when the chemicals ended, meaning the picture was fixed by chemicals, we were in a new era.;David Hockney;history
I think people in general have neglected to learn about history.;Maynard James Keenan;history
It's a struggle but that's why we exist, so that another generation of Lesbians of color will not have to invent themselves, or their history, all over again.;Audre Lorde;history
If you look at U.S. history through religious history, there is very much a motif that shows the importance religion has played in the U.S. We're a very religious country and it affects the way we look at various political issues.;Madeleine Albright;history
My major allegiance has been to storytelling, not to history.;Russell Banks;history
