Perhaps the single most dramatic example of this phenomenon of software eating a traditional business is the suicide of Borders and corresponding rise of Amazon.;Marc Andreessen;business
Newspapers with declining circulations can complain all they want about their readers and even say they have no taste. But you will still go out of business over time. A newspaper is not a public trust - it has a business model that either works or it doesn't.;Marc Andreessen;business
I want to go out at the top, but the secret is knowing when you're at the top, it's so difficult in this business, your career fluctuates all the time, up and down, like a pair of trousers.;Rod Stewart;business
You shouldn't be in the music business if you're posing.;Rod Stewart;business
Like everybody in show business, you think you're going to wake up one day, and it's all going to be taken away from you. I think we all share an insecurity in that way, everybody in show business - the ones I talk to, anyway.;Rod Stewart;business
I'm not saying I wasn't flawed or amateurish. But you can never say I did anything to appease the music business.;Patti Smith;business
Listen, if there's one sure-fire rule that I have learned in this business, it's that I don't know anything about human nature.;Francis Ford Coppola;business
Dear, never forget one little point. It's my business. You just work here.;Elizabeth Arden;business
I'm no longer dependent on the movie business to make a living. So if I want to make movies as other old guys would play golf, I can.;Francis Ford Coppola;business
I learned you have to fight for yourself in the picture business.;Loretta Young;business
As an actress, emotions are my business, my stock-in-trade. As such, I've dealt with them nearly all my life.;Loretta Young;business
I think people are used to seeing actors be wide open and desperately giving of themselves, and while I do that on a movie set as much as I can, it's so unnatural for me to do it on television, in interviews, in anything like that. I also don't find that my process as an actor is really anyone else's business.;Kristen Stewart;business
A business like an automobile, has to be driven, in order to get results.;B. C. Forbes;business
After I left the White House, I kept a foothold in the business of American politics as a talk-show host, analyst, commentator, speechmaker, and occasional writer. I was no longer a practitioner, but I was still a partisan, a Democrat, a blue-stater through and through.;Dee Dee Myers;business
After all is said that can be said upon the liquor traffic, its influence is degrading upon the individual, the family, politics and business, and upon everything that you touch in this old world.;Billy Sunday;business
Extracting oil from the tar sands is a nasty, polluting, energy-intensive business.;Jeff Goodell;business
I challenge you to show me where the saloon has ever helped business, education, church, morals or anything we hold dear.;Billy Sunday;business
I have been, and will go on, fighting that damnable, dirty, rotten business with all the power at my command.;Billy Sunday;business
White shall not neutralize the black, nor good compensate bad in man, absolve him so: life's business being just the terrible choice.;Robert Browning;business
In America, we no longer have an institutionalized, organized way of calling business to task - of taking them to account for what they've done - and this is especially true in the cultural realm.;Thomas Frank;business
Selling public property is the true Chicago way. Had Mr. Obama not been elected president, the nation's business journals would be falling over one another to praise his city for its daring, market-friendly innovations.;Thomas Frank;business
As you watch the world crumble, try taking your Armageddon with this sprinkling of irony: Over the last three decades, business has got virtually everything it wanted, and its doomsday scenario from the 1970s has come true because of it.;Thomas Frank;business
We have mountain of debt that isn't going away and all the problems are here to stay, and anybody who tells you that is a good thing ought to get out of the business of helping the government down the road.;Rick Santelli;business
What other people think of me is none of my business.;Gary Oldman;business
The Right's view of government and the Left's view of big business are both correct.;Robert Anton Wilson;business
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves.;E. Joseph Cossman;business
The trouble with movies as a business is that it's an art, and the trouble with movies as art is that it's a business.;Charlton Heston;business
In business, the competition will bite you if you keep running, if you stand still, they will swallow you.;Victor Kiam;business
You can hype a questionable product for a little while, but you'll never build an enduring business.;Victor Kiam;business
The nature of the global business environment guarantees that no matter how hard we work to create a stable and healthy organisation, our organisation will continue to experience dramatic changes far beyond our control.;Margaret J. Wheatley;business
I think everybody has their own way of looking at their lives as some kind of pilgrimage. Some people will see their role as a pilgrim in terms of setting up a fine family, or establishing a business inheritance. Everyone's got their own definition.;Eric Clapton;business
I am a child but I have to think and act like a woman, this business forces you to.;Rihanna;business
Business ethics has always had problems that are distinct from those of other professions, such as medicine, law, engineering, dentistry, or nursing.;Peter Singer;business
Do business managers have a commitment to anything more than the success of their company and to making money? It would be hard to say that they do. Indeed, many business leaders deny that there is any conflict between self-interest and the interests of all.;Peter Singer;business
I think in politics, in Congress, you often do things that are Republican, or you do things because you're a Democrat. Sometimes that's good, obviously, and sometimes that's obviously bad. But in the news business, there's no such thing as Republican or Democratic news. News is news.;J. C. Watts;business
I have watched people who have nothing to do with the film business, but who have become part of the circle for a short period of time. They can be truly devastated when the film wraps and people leave.;Jacqueline Bisset;business
This film business, perhaps more so in America than in Europe, has always been about young sexuality. It's not true of theatre, but in America, film audiences are young. It's not an intellectual cinema in America.;Jacqueline Bisset;business
Let me remind you that credit is the lifeblood of business, the lifeblood of prices and jobs.;Herbert Hoover;business
I hate show business.;Joni Mitchell;business
I heard someone from the music business saying they are no longer looking for talent, they want people with a certain look and a willingness to cooperate.;Joni Mitchell;business
The message I take all round the world is Britain is open for business.;William Hague;business
I gave up lots of things I love doing: writing, and business, and playing the piano and so on.;William Hague;business
Our company is built on people - those who work for us, and those we do business with.;Harvey S. Firestone;business
In this business it takes time to be really good - and by that time, you're obsolete.;Cher;business
Kids are great. That's one of the best things about our business, all the kids you get to meet. It's a shame they have to grow up to be regular people and come to the games and call you names.;Charles Barkley;business
I was a good amateur but only an average professional. I soon realized that there was a limit to how far I could rise in the music business, so I left the band and enrolled at New York University.;Alan Greenspan;business
A lot of people say I'd miss show business if I quit. I'd miss some of it. Now it's the only life I know.;Loretta Lynn;business
You hear entertainers all the time, saying, 'If I couldn't get paid for this, I'd do it for free.' When's the last time you ever heard a business person say, 'If I couldn't get paid for being chairman of British Petroleum, I'd do it for free'?;Dick Gregory;business
One thing is certain in business. You and everyone around you will make mistakes.;Richard Branson;business
My whole family's been in the business. My whole family is crazy.;Blake Lively;business
Christ would be a national advertiser today, I am sure, as He was a great advertiser in His own day. He thought of His life as business.;Bruce Barton;business
Jesus picked up twelve men from the bottom ranks of business and forged them into an organisation that conquered the world.;Bruce Barton;business
Losses have propelled me to even bigger places, so I understand the importance of losing. You can never get complacent because a loss is always around the corner. It's in any game that you're in - a business game or whatever - you can't get complacent.;Venus Williams;business
Corporations are not in business to be social-welfare organizations they are there to make money.;Benjamin Carson;business
I'll never forget that show season. It was completely mad. I was staying between Christy and Naomi's rooms and it was all limos and the Ritz Hotel and all that kind of business.;Kate Moss;business
I have made some of the best friends that I've got in this business.;Kate Moss;business
By 1969, when I celebrated 45 years in the music business, I also had 45 people in our musical family.;Lawrence Welk;business
It is the business of the future to be dangerous and it is among the merits of science that it equips the future for its duties.;Alfred North Whitehead;business
My curiosity and my appetite for evolving as an actor is one of the main components of me still working today in the business.;Kim Cattrall;business
It's a reality that in this business there's an expectation of being thin. But having a baby is a reality too, and it's more important for me to make milk than to fit into those tiny pants. So that's just going to have to wait.;Emily Procter;business
A lot of people, including business leaders, think the future belongs to China. Globalization is not a zero-sum game, but we need to hone our skills to stay in play.;Jon Meacham;business
The monarchy is foremost a business, and it's important to them that the British public continue to finance the excessive luxurious lifestyles of the now quite enormous, wasteful and useless 'royal' family. I find it very sad.;Steven Patrick Morrissey;business
My view is that you still, in order to win from the Labour perspective, have to have a strong alliance with business as well as the unions. You have got to be very much in the centre ground on things like public sector reform.;Tony Blair;business
The word career is a divisive word. It's a word that divides the normal life from business or professional life.;Grace Paley;business
Some years ago there was a study to discover the most stressful occupation. It turned out not to be the head of a large business, football manager or prime minister, but rather: bus driver.;Jonathan Sacks;business
And I'm not apolitical - I'm very specific in my politics. But a lot of the time it's nobody's business unless you're over at my house having dinner.;Tom Hanks;business
Desperation is the perfume of the young actor. It's so satisfying to have gotten rid of it. If you keep smelling it, it can drive you crazy. In this business a lot of people go nuts, go eccentric, even end up dead from it. Not my plan.;Uma Thurman;business
I have pretty thick skin, and I think if you're going to be in this business, if you're going to be an actor or a writer, you better have a thick skin.;John Irving;business
We have in this country a federal government that increasingly is engaged in trying to determine which business, which regions, which industries will succeed, which will not through a whole range of economic development, regional development corporate subsidization programs.;Stephen Harper;business
I was bullied as a kid, and I got a job on television. And I had a camera. And so I wanted to go after those business bullies. And I just have been following that instinct.;John Stossel;business
I still have a lot to learn - about the business, about music, and about myself. Its exciting.;Britney Spears;business
Suits are looked at more now as a business thing which is kind of a shame. If you're not wearing it just for work, you should try and trick it up a bit.;Daniel Craig;business
I genuinely believe that if you want to get in the film business, get in the film business.;Daniel Craig;business
My goal in the beginning was to buy my mother a house. Now I realize, okay, if I really focus and become a key player in business, then I can build an empire.;Nicki Minaj;business
We are at a crossroads in the music business: with the rise of the internet, the world we live in has changed, and the past is not coming back. But I see the glass as half-full: the internet and social networking are new avenues for the next Bob Dylan to be born on.;Jon Bon Jovi;business
Female rappers get it the hardest. You have to be a girl, yet you have to be just as hard as the guys. I think some female rappers get scared out of the business before they can make it.;Nicki Minaj;business
I want to own an NFL franchise. I understand the business of football.;Jon Bon Jovi;business
It's not hard to get your way when it's your way or the highway. People either follow suit or they're not around. I don't really like the sound of that, 'cause that sounds like a temper tantrum. I'm just very black and white when it comes to my business. There's really no gray area.;Nicki Minaj;business
Planning cities is a necessary but risky business.;Cate Blanchett;business
I remember when I first started in the business, I lost a lot of friends. Some were jealous, some were annoyed at the fact that I was an actress.;Amber Tamblyn;business
Environmentalism opposes reckless innovation and makes conservation the central order of business.;Christopher Lasch;business
A business like acting is 90% luck. You can be a star one minute and out of work the next.;Amber Tamblyn;business
You have a career, and you start as a business person. And you work your way, you reach this peak, and you know the time's going to come when you go back down.;Miranda Lambert;business
You can say what you want to about a rapper in a movie, but look at what Ice Cube has done. Ice Cube has created more opportunities for other actors to get jobs in this business than some actors have.;Anthony Anderson;business
When I decided to get married at 40, I couldn't find a dress with the modernity or sophistication I wanted. That's when I saw the opportunity for a wedding gown business.;Vera Wang;business
Baseball is a game, yes. It is also a business. But what is most truly is is disguised combat. For all its gentility, its almost leisurely pace, baseball is violence under wraps.;Willie Mays;business
In principle, there are only three main components of spending that much matter to monetary policy: consumer spending, business investment and exports and trade.;Evan Davis;business
Politicians also have a love affair with the 'small business exemption.' Too much paperwork? Too heavy a burden? Not enough time? Just exempt small businesses from the rule. It sounds so pro-growth. Instead it's an admission that the costs of a regulation just can't be justified.;John Sununu;business
Today I can announce a raft of reforms that we estimate could save over 2.5 million police hours every year. That's the equivalent of more than 1,200 police officer posts. These reforms are a watershed moment in policing. They show that we really mean business in busting bureaucracy.;Theresa May;business
I am just at that stage of wondering where I go from here. I came into this business almost by accident, but now it has become serious. What started as a bit of fun, something to do other than be a model, has taken on a different career curve. I have been forced to ask where that curve is going to end up.;Cameron Diaz;business
I believe people who go into politics want to do the right thing. And then they hit a big wall of re-election and the pettiness of politics. In the end, politics gets in the way of the business of people.;Kevin Costner;business
My success just evolved from working hard at the business at hand each day.;Johnny Carson;business
When I was building the Vietnam Memorial, I never once asked the veterans what it was like in the war, because from my point of view, you don't pry into other people's business.;Maya Lin;business
I've learned that life is very tricky business: Each person needs to find what they want to do in life and not be dissuaded when people question them.;Eli Wallach;business
The jewelry business is a very, very tough business - tougher than the computer business. You truly have to understand how to take care of your customers.;Guy Kawasaki;business
It's tough because a lot of my friends in normal life, a lot of my friends in the entertainment business, and a lot of my friends in the wrestling business are gay. Just to say something spiteful and hurtful, I don't get it... if it was true and I was gay, I'd embrace it, and I'd tell you guys about it and I'd celebrate it.;Hulk Hogan;business
I have no business being a journalist. I'm the least, I'm the least - I'm the most trusting, I absolutely make a habit of believing anything that anybody tells me about themselves. I've never had any reason in the world to think that anyone has wanted to harm me, or lie to me. I believe whatever is being sold, most of the time.;Elizabeth Gilbert;business
In practice we, in the world, must do business with each other.;David Mamet;business
Living the past is a dull and lonely business looking back strains the neck muscles, causing you to bump into people not going your way.;Edna Ferber;business
