As crucial as religion has been and is to the life of the nation, America's unifying force has never been a specific faith, but a commitment to freedom - not least freedom of conscience.;Jon Meacham;religion
Attacks on a politician's identity - questioning Romney's religion, say, or Obama's birthplace - tend to come when an opponent is desperate and can't sell himself.;Jon Meacham;religion
Whether one believes or not, religion is as real a force in the life of the world as economics or politics, and it demands fair-minded attention. Even if you think the entire religious enterprise is at best misguided and at worst counterproductive, it remains vital, inspiring great good and, sometimes, great evil.;Jon Meacham;religion
I mean, I went to a church school when I was younger and imbibed a certain amount of religion then but it was really in university that I got interested in religion and politics at the same time. I don't think as if it were one moment of conversion but my spiritual journey really began then.;Tony Blair;religion
Religion and philosophy, philosophy and religion - they're two words which are both... different. In spelling.;Eddie Izzard;religion
I'm interested in the kind of religion that makes life harder. I'm not so interested in the comforting kind of religion.;Jonathan Safran Foer;religion
9/11 was a deliberate, carefully planned evil act of the long-waged war on the West by Koran-inspired soldiers of Allah around the world. They hated us before George W. Bush was in office. They hated us before Israel existed. And the avengers of the religion of perpetual outrage will keep hating us.;Michelle Malkin;religion
If religion had a good purpose, then man would have created something great. But we're man: we mess up everything. We mess up nature. We mess up God. We take what is given to us and make it into what we think it should be.;Ziggy Marley;religion
The proper reply to right wing religiosity is not to insist that politics and religion don't mix. This is the stock response of the left.;Christopher Lasch;religion
That which we call the Hindu religion is really the Eternal religion because it embraces all others.;Sri Aurobindo;religion
Indian religion has always felt that since the minds, the temperaments and the intellectual affinities of men are unlimited in their variety, a perfect liberty of thought and of worship must be allowed to the individual in his approach to the Infinite.;Sri Aurobindo;religion
Skip the religion and politics, head straight to the compassion. Everything else is a distraction.;Talib Kweli;religion
Do not imagine that what we have said of the insufficiency of our understanding and of its limited extent is an assertion founded only on the Bible: for philosophers likewise assert the same, and perfectly understand it,- without having regard to any religion or opinion.;Maimonides;religion
The most important part of my religion is to play guitar.;Lou Reed;religion
Liberalism is a religion. Its tenets cannot be proved, its capacity for waste and destruction demonstrated. But it affords a feeling of spiritual rectitude at little or no cost.;David Mamet;religion
So much of religion is exegesis. I would rather follow in the footprints of Christ than all of the dogma.;Christy Turlington;religion
I'm a scientist, not a theologian. I don't know if there is a God or not. Religion requires certainty.;James Lovelock;religion
It just so happens that the green religion is now taking over from the Christian religion. I don't think people have noticed that, but it's got all the sort of terms that religions use... The greens use guilt. That just shows how religious greens are. You can't win people round by saying they are guilty for putting (carbon dioxide) in the air.;James Lovelock;religion
I'm a scientist, not a theologian. I don't know if there is a God or not. Religion requires certainty. Revere and respect Gaia. Have trust in Gaia. But not faith.;James Lovelock;religion
Haven't two hundred years of failed missionary work overseas taught anybody anything? You can't convert people to anything - whether religion, or something as inane as our flicks.;Kevin Smith;religion
If I were asked for a one-sentence sound bite on religion, I would say I was against it.;Salman Rushdie;religion
I was 21 in 1968, so I'm as much a child of the '60s as is possible to be. In those years the subject of religion had really almost disappeared the idea that religion was going to be a major force in the life of our societies, in the West anyway, would have seemed absurd in 1968.;Salman Rushdie;religion
Religion is run by thought police. 'Obey. Listen. This is what you do. Don't ask questions. Go die for your country.' The spirituality says, 'Okay, you can die for your country, but know what you're doing while you're doing it.';Tommy Chong;religion
I wish your increase in holiness, number, love, religion, and righteousness and wait you, and cease to contend with these men that are gone from us, for there is nothing that shall convince them but judgment.;Donald Cargill;religion
Anybody who comes to the cinema is bringing they're whole sexual history, their literary history, their movie literacy, their culture, their language, their religion, whatever they've got. I can't possibly manipulate all of that, nor do I want to.;David Cronenberg;religion
I have never made fun of religion. Religion is something I don't even want to mess with, because I am really afraid of the clouds opening up and my being struck by lightning.;Alice Cooper;religion
The inner spaces that a good story lets us enter are the old apartments of religion.;John Updike;religion
Well, right now, I'm very fascinated with 1920s Berlin. I mean, probably the more interesting thing would be to go to the beginning of civilization or precivilization - like polytheistic times. It would be interesting to see what came before modern religion and culture - what circumstances created the environment or the need for it.;Natalie Portman;religion
You know, I get much more Jewish in Israel because I like the way that religion is done there.;Natalie Portman;religion
Most people don't want to talk about politics and religion. They say, 'Let's talk about something else.';Prince;religion
Of course God is endlessly multi-dimensional so every religion that exists on earth represents some face, some side of God.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;religion
Religion always remains higher than everyday life. In order to make the elevation towards religion easier for people, religion must be able to alter its forms in relation to the consciousness of modern man.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;religion
One person's religion is another person's cult.;Philip Seymour Hoffman;religion
In morals what begins in fear usually ends in wickedness in religion what begins in fear usually ends in fanaticism. Fear, either as a principle or a motive, is the beginning of all evil.;Anna Jameson;religion
Women are oppressed in the east, in the west, in the south, in the north. Women are oppressed inside, outside home, a woman is oppressed in religion, she is oppressed outside religion.;Taslima Nasrin;religion
The wise man regulates his conduct by the theories both of religion and science. But he regards these theories not as statements of ultimate fact but as art-forms.;John B. S. Haldane;religion
A religion without mystery must be a religion without God.;Jeremy Taylor;religion
Every man, either to his terror or consolation, has some sense of religion.;Heinrich Heine;religion
Some people are that - more than a parent, more than a role model, more than anything less than a religion.;Margaret Cho;religion
Even the weakest disputant is made so conceited by what he calls religion, as to think himself wiser than the wisest who think differently from him.;Walter Savage Landor;religion
Religion which requires persecution to sustain, it is of the devil's propagation.;Hosea Ballou;religion
I first became interested in women and religion when I was one of the few women doing graduate work in Religious Studies at Yale University in the late 1960's.;Carol P. Christ;religion
Selfishness is the only real atheism unselfishness the only real religion.;Israel Zangwill;religion
I try to just talk about human stories and what I think about religion or teapots or whatever.;Eddie Izzard;religion
There was no religion in my life growing up. Did God invent us or did we invent God?;Eddie Izzard;religion
We from every religion feel comfortable in Britain because there is a host. The Church of England is a good host, it has been a major force in shaping England into such a tolerant society.;Jonathan Sacks;religion
Since the 18th century, many Western intellectuals have predicted religion's imminent demise.;Jonathan Sacks;religion
Religion is the best antidote to the individualism of the consumer age. The idea that society can do without it flies in the face of history and, now, evolutionary biology.;Jonathan Sacks;religion
Religion survives because it answers three questions that every reflective person must ask. Who am I? Why am I here? How then shall I live?;Jonathan Sacks;religion
Religion creates community, community creates altruism and altruism turns us away from self and towards the common good... There is something about the tenor of relationships within a religious community that makes it the best tutorial in citizenship and good neighborliness.;Jonathan Sacks;religion
In thinking about religion and society in the 21st century, we should broaden the conversation about faith from doctrinal debates to the larger question of how it might inspire us to strengthen the bonds of belonging that redeem us from our solitude, helping us to construct together a gracious and generous social order.;Jonathan Sacks;religion
Now I think one of the reasons why religion developed in the way that it did over the centuries was precisely to curb this murderous bent that we have as human beings.;Karen Armstrong;religion
There are some forms of religion that are bad, just as there's bad cooking or bad art or bad sex, you have bad religion too.;Karen Armstrong;religion
Compassion is not a popular virtue. Very often when I talk to religious people, and mention how important it is that compassion is the key, that it's the sine-qua-non of religion, people look kind of balked, and stubborn sometimes, as much to say, what's the point of having religion if you can't disapprove of other people?;Karen Armstrong;religion
Religion brings to man an inner strength, spiritual light, and ineffable peace.;Alexis Carrel;religion
There are fundamentalist psychopaths in every religion in the world. Every single one.;Sophia Bush;religion
As long as I don't write about the government, religion, politics, and other institutions, I am free to print anything.;Pierre Beaumarchais;religion
I know it's very idealistic and utopian, but I believe we need to just let everyone not be judged in terms of religion, groups or nations or region.;Shahrukh Khan;religion
Religious tolerance is something we should all practice however, there have been more persecution and atrocities committed in the name of religion and religious freedom than anything else.;Walter Koenig;religion
A lot of people have questioned how yoga and their own spiritual beliefs can come together. Yoga actually pre-dates religion.;Christy Turlington;religion
Yoga is not a religion to me.;Christy Turlington;religion
The Grateful Dead are our religion. This is a religion that doesn't pay homage to the God that all the other religions pay homage to.;Ken Kesey;religion
I firmly believe that the mission of religion in the 21st century must be to contribute concretely to the peaceful coexistence of humankind.;Daisaku Ikeda;religion
I used to think religion was just more of the same thing. Dump responsibility on the big guy. Now I see an importance in that. It's a relief to accept that not everything is under your control.;Barbara Kingsolver;religion
Science, like art, religion, commerce, warfare, and even sleep, is based on presuppositions.;Gregory Bateson;religion
In the 21st century, I believe the mission of the United Nations will be defined by a new, more profound awareness of the sanctity and dignity of every human life, regardless of race or religion.;Kofi Annan;religion
There is no religion in which everyday life is not considered a prison there is no philosophy or ideology that does not think that we live in alienation.;Eugene Ionesco;religion
It's funny that there was so much disturbance about having a Catholic in the White House with Kennedy, and when we finally get a religion in the White House that's causing a lot of conflicts, and concerns, and disturbances for a lot of people, it's in the Bush Administration.;Roger Ebert;religion
You're always going to have extremists in every religion.;King Abdullah II;religion
Catholicism is not a soothing religion. It's a painful religion. We're all gluttons for punishment.;Madonna Ciccone;religion
The best thing about science is that hard, empirical answers are always there if you look hard enough. The best thing about religion is that the very absence of that certainty is what requires - and gives rise to - deep feelings of faith.;Jeffrey Kluger;religion
There is a great difference between Christianity and religion at the south. If a man goes to the communion table, and pays money into the treasury of the church, no matter if it be the price of blood, he is called religious.;Harriet Ann Jacobs;religion
The fact is that more people have been slaughtered in the name of religion than for any other single reason. That, THAT my friends, is true perversion.;Harvey Milk;religion
Religion, oh, just another of those numerous failures resulting from an attempt to popularize art.;Ezra Pound;religion
Boxing is a celebration of the lost religion of masculinity all the more trenchant for its being lost.;Joyce Carol Oates;religion
I could never take the idea of religion very seriously.;Joyce Carol Oates;religion
I think people's perception of a rich girl is literal, but metaphorically I embrace it as being rich in love, spirit, joy and religion. So it's not about money.;Angie Stone;religion
Every society and religion has rules, for both have moral laws. And the essence of morality consists, as in art, of drawing the line somewhere.;Huston Smith;religion
Whether we call it religion or faith, we all battle for a balanced integrated soul.;Vera Farmiga;religion
Someone once told me that religion is like a knife: You can stab someone with it, or you can slice bread with it.;Vera Farmiga;religion
I just hate one-dimensional portrayals of religion it's too cheap and easy to do, and ignores the nuances that go into having a belief system.;Vera Farmiga;religion
It's a very different thing, religion and faith. Religion is man-made, it's man-regulated. And faith, you can define God as you wish. But I think they're two different things.;Vera Farmiga;religion
We're all sick of holy wars and bloodshed because religion is supposed to give us life and a better life and is supposed to bring out our best self. When it results in mass destruction and hatred and anxiety, it's the antithesis I think of what religion was designed to do.;Vera Farmiga;religion
I do not find it easy to articulate thoughts about religion. I remain the sort of person who turns off 'Thought for the Day' when it comes on the radio.;A. N. Wilson;religion
A cult is a religion with no political power.;Tom Wolfe;religion
As long as there are religions, there are going to be people who are hiding their rottenness behind the veil of religion.;Juliana Hatfield;religion
I think we have to believe in things we don't see. That's really important for all of us, whether it's your religion or Santa Claus, or whatever. That's pretty much what it's about.;James Caan;religion
People still kill in the name of religion. We haven't evolved to the point where we're one tribe called humans.;Rachel Weisz;religion
Twenty five percent of Israeli citizens are not even Jewish. Anybody can become an Israeli citizen if you qualify. Religion is not a criterion for citizenship.;Alan Dershowitz;religion
Intolerance respecting other people's religion is toleration itself in comparison with intolerance respecting other people's art.;Wallace Stevens;religion
I decided to take God and organized religion seriously, and to reject the secular life which in my teens had looked attractive because it allowed me to act in any way that I wanted.;Luke Ford;religion
Look at Islam in a rational manner and without demagoguery or emotion. It is the leading religion of the world with 1.5 billion followers.;Zbigniew Brzezinski;religion
I grew up very religious, and I don't have a great relationship with religion.;Brad Pitt;religion
Religion points to that area of human experience where in one way or another man comes upon mystery as a summons to pilgrimage.;Frederick Buechner;religion
There's no reason to bring religion into it. I think we ought to have as great a regard for religion as we can, so as to keep it out of as many things as possible.;Sean O'Casey;religion
I think I like big issues, but I don't believe in God or religion.;Damien Hirst;religion
Religion promotes the divine discontent within oneself, so that one tries to make oneself a better person and draw oneself closer to God.;Cyril Cusack;religion
But I remember the moment when my father died. I wasn't a very committed Catholic beforehand, but when that happened it suddenly all felt so obvious: I now believe religion is our attempt to find an explanation, for us to feel more protected.;Javier Bardem;religion
Religion has to stay in the heart, not in politics. It is private.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;religion
