In terms of having views and being prepared to express them, yes, I think New Zealand's had a leadership role in a lot of things.;Helen Clark;leadership
In addition to removing our democratically elected government, Israel wants to sow dissent among Palestinians by claiming that there is a serious leadership rivalry among us. I am compelled to dispel this notion definitively.;Ismail Haniyeh;leadership
If Ralph Nader runs, President Bush is going to be re-elected, and if Ralph Nader doesn't run, President Bush is going to be re-elected. We're going to run on the president's strong and principled leadership and his positive agenda for a second term.;Ed Gillespie;leadership
So I think that our foreign policy, the president's strong and principled leadership when it comes to the war against terror and foreign policy is going to be an asset.;Ed Gillespie;leadership
Many citizens see all the leadership of these large institutions together in a conspiracy against them rather than in any adversary relationship with each other.;Robert Teeter;leadership
As far as Iraq, the important thing is that the Taliban is gone in Afghanistan, three-quarters of the al-Qaida leadership is either dead or in jail, and we now have Saudi Arabia working with us, Pakistan working with us.;Peter King;leadership
But 85 percent of the mosques have extremist leadership in this country. Most Muslims, the overwhelming majority of Muslims, are loyal Americans.;Peter King;leadership
And if the imam and the Muslim leadership in that community is so intent on building bridges, then they should voluntarily move the mosque away from ground zero and move it whether it's uptown or somewhere else, but move it away from that area, the same as the pope directed the Carmelite nuns to move a convent away from Auschwitz.;Peter King;leadership
Democrats have no agenda, no plan for the future, and no sense of leadership.;Jeff Miller;leadership
We have treated our most serious adversaries, such as Iran and North Korea, in the most juvenile manner - by giving them the silent treatment. In so doing, we have weakened, not strengthened, our bargaining position and our leadership.;Theodore C. Sorensen;leadership
I mean, Emily Harris was his wife. And she seemed to resent his leadership, but on the other hand, she felt like a good soldier, that he had to be the leader.;Patty Hearst;leadership
We live in a time where government is not a leadership thing, it's more a business that's out there and running riot, so I guess the people have to go out there and say stuff.;Yahoo Serious;leadership
President Ford was a devoted, decent man of impeccable integrity who put service to his country before his own self interest. He helped heal our nation during a time of crisis, provided steady leadership and restored people's faith in the presidency and in government.;Mark Udall;leadership
Under the leadership of this President, the state of the union is not strong. We are being pulled apart rather than pulling together. Our democracy is suffering from the choices being made, and yet we are offered the same tired excuses and unrealistic analyses.;Jose Serrano;leadership
I believe it is time for new leadership that is able to leave the '70s behind.;Kim Campbell;leadership
The problem is, is that President Bush and the Republican leadership in the Congress have resisted attempts to increase dramatically our fuel economy standards over the last five years.;Ed Markey;leadership
The leadership lost its nerve. Instead of taking the lead in the reform movement... they pulled the plug on it. They tried and are still trying to return the church to the dry ice of the previous century and a half.;Andrew Greeley;leadership
President Reagan was a leader at a time when the American people most needed leadership. He outlined a vision that captured the imagination of the free world, a vision that toppled the Communist empire and freed countless millions.;Dennis Hastert;leadership
There is no international problem that can be addressed or solved without the engagement and leadership of the United States and everybody in the world knows that, its just fact of life. So sometimes I think we could conduct ourselves with a little more humility.;Robert M. Gates;leadership
Well, I've ruffled a few feathers at all the institutions I've led. But I think that's part of leadership.;Robert M. Gates;leadership
I think our leadership team is a highly accountable leadership team.;Steve Ballmer;leadership
Dr. King's leadership reaffirmed the promise of our democracy: that everyday people, working together, have the power to change our government and our institutions for the better.;Maria Cantwell;leadership
One of the surest signs of the estimated changes in the consciousness of the American proletariat is to be found in the character of the demands now being put forward by the leadership.;C. L. R. James;leadership
Among my activities was membership in the Boy Scouts I rose each year through the ranks, eventually achieving the rank of Eagle Scout and undertaking leadership roles in the organization.;Frederick Reines;leadership
In fact, the converse is true: At a time when the United States has been called on for a level of moral leadership, vision and inspiration not seen since World War II, we cannot afford to dissemble about crimes against humanity.;Adam Schiff;leadership
The more I have studied Lincoln, the more I have followed his thought processes, the more I am convinced that he understood leadership better than any other American president.;David Herbert Donald;leadership
Leadership is something I was born with.;Carmelo Anthony;leadership
I want to deploy the leadership to meet the challenges that face us and to restore America's greatness.;Paul Tsongas;leadership
From a parent's right to know what their children are doing, to protecting citizens across the country from the growing threat of gang violence, the House Democrat leadership is simply out to lunch.;Virginia Foxx;leadership
Instead of starting a new nuclear arms race, now is the time to reclaim our Nation's position of leadership on nuclear nonproliferation efforts.;Dianne Feinstein;leadership
When President Obama was in the Senate, when he was a U.S. senator, he voted against raising the debt ceiling. And he said it was a lack of leadership that had brought us to this point.;Cathy McMorris;leadership
Leadership must be likeable, affable, cordial, and above all emotional. The fashion of authoritarian leadership is gone. Football is about life. You can't be angry all day.;Vicente del Bosque;leadership
Alliances and international organizations should be understood as opportunities for leadership and a means to expand our influence, not as constraints on our power.;Chuck Hagel;leadership
But the ability to articulate what you are doing, to be clear about it, and to stick to it is, I think, the essence of political leadership.;Chris Patten;leadership
I never saw myself as an individual who had any particular leadership powers.;Angela Davis;leadership
I don't know what leadership is. You can't touch it. You can't feel it. It's not tangible. But I do know this: you recognize it when you see it.;Bob Ehrlich;leadership
We shouldn't be debating whether to deal with the current code by allowing it to be extended or not. We should have a president who shows leadership and comes to Congress and says: 'You know what? We need to reform this whole tax code.';Rob Portman;leadership
This week you will nominate the most experienced executive to seek the presidency in 60 years in Mitt Romney. He has no illusions about what makes America great, and he doesn't confuse the presidency with celebrity, or loftiness with leadership.;Artur Davis;leadership
We have a country to turn around. This week you will nominate the most experienced executive to seek the presidency in 60 years in Mitt Romney. He has no illusions about what makes America great, and he doesn't confuse the presidency with celebrity, or loftiness with leadership.;Artur Davis;leadership
The Leadership Training Institute of America is a cultural think tank providing training and opportunity in leadership development and cultural dynamics.;Michael Burgess;leadership
The Leadership Training Institute of America trains and equips young men and women to be leaders with high standards of personal morality and integrity.;Michael Burgess;leadership
On the other hand, the waging of peace as a science, as an art, is in its infancy. But we can trace its growth, its steady progress, and the time will come when there will be particular individuals designated to assume responsibility for and leadership of this movement.;Fredrik Bajer;leadership
A significant number of pages and sentences that the administration wants to keep in a classified status have already been released publicly, some of it by public statements of the leadership of the CIA and the FBI.;Bob Graham;leadership
In working with UNICEF our corporate partners have demonstrated time and again that their financial resources, leadership and expertise can bring about real and lasting benefits for the world's children.;Carol Bellamy;leadership
Boone Pickens should be commended for his leadership on American energy security, and for bringing Ted Turner along on some sensible approaches to enhancing it.;Frank Gaffney;leadership
I've been the co-chair of the Non-Partisan Women's Caucus and vice-chair for several years, taking a leadership role in this women's organization.;Gwen Moore;leadership
The war and terrorism in the Middle East, the crisis of leadership in many of the oil-supply countries in the developing world, the crisis of global warming - all these are very clearly tied to energy.;Julia Louis-Dreyfus;leadership
The House Republican leadership has simply run out of ideas.;Jan Schakowsky;leadership
Leadership is the key to 99 percent of all successful efforts.;Erskine Bowles;leadership
I want to organize so that women see ourselves as people who are entitled to power, entitled to leadership.;Patricia Ireland;leadership
This administration and the leadership in Congress appear to be intent on valuing wealth over work, thereby placing working families at a distinct disadvantage.;Tim Bishop;leadership
We should be therefore supporting a larger Europe, and in so doing we should strive to expand the zone of peace and prosperity in the world which is the necessary foundation for a stable international system in which our leadership could be fruitfully exercised.;Zbigniew Brzezinski;leadership
Our country also hungers for leadership to ensure the long-term survival of our Social Security system. With 70 million baby boomers in this country on the verge of retirement, we need to take action to shore up the system.;Kay Bailey Hutchison;leadership
I am proud of the President's leadership. I am proud to support him in saying: Yes, we are going to do what is necessary now when it is less painful and less expensive.;Kay Bailey Hutchison;leadership
The important thing is that we recognize our President's leadership, that he is not saying: I am going to walk away from this. He is saying: I am going to do the right thing.;Kay Bailey Hutchison;leadership
Well, I think that - I think leadership's always been about two main things: imagination and courage.;Paul Keating;leadership
I definitely wasn't cool in high school. I really wasn't. I did belong to many of the clubs and was in leadership on yearbook and did the musical theater route, so I had friends in all areas. But I certainly did not know what to wear, did not know how to do my hair, all those things.;Dianna Agron;leadership
People more than ever since I can remember are concerned about being out of step and out of line with their political party and won't cross over. There is nobody, man or woman, who wants to be left out, and people are fearful of that. People are fearful of their leadership as well.;Gary Ackerman;leadership
Different times need different types of leadership.;Park Geun-hye;leadership
Preparing our city to achieve its destiny will require strong leadership.;Thomas Menino;leadership
It's a different era. Our job now is to show leadership and vision and to help the next generation of artists.;Karen Kain;leadership
Hamas, also elected to governmental leadership in Palestine, includes the jihadists, people who have declared war on the United States of America and its ally, Israel.;Zach Wamp;leadership
Under the leadership of President Bush and Vice President Cheney, the United States has given up the moral high ground that we used to occupy as an international leader.;Marty Meehan;leadership
Leadership is about doing what you know is right - even when a growing din of voices around you is trying to convince you to accept what you know to be wrong.;Robert. L. Ehrlich;leadership
Actions, not words, are the ultimate results of leadership.;Bill Owens;leadership
Leadership is an active role 'lead' is a verb. But the leader who tries to do it all is headed for burnout, and in a powerful hurry.;Bill Owens;leadership
Leadership offers an opportunity to make a difference in someone's life, no matter what the project.;Bill Owens;leadership
I look forward to working with our leadership team to advance the causes of smaller government, lower taxes, eliminating terrorism, and providing affordable health care, among other issues.;Howard Coble;leadership
I think Mr. Clarke had a tendency to interfere too much with the activities of the CIA, and our leadership at the senior level let him interfere too much. So criticism from him I kind of wear as a badge of honor.;Michael Scheuer;leadership
The conduct of President Bush's war of choice has been plagued with incompetent civilian leadership decisions that have cost many lives and rendered the war on and occupation of Iraq a strategic policy disaster for the United States.;John Olver;leadership
For many members of Congress, the time for choosing is near - do what the party leadership demands, or do what the people have asked you to do. If my colleagues don't mind some advice from a newcomer, I'd suggest going with the will of the people.;Scott Brown;leadership
This is one of the major problems we have. By the way, it was endorsed by leadership on both sides of the aisle and both ends of the Capitol, by the NRA and also by the gun control groups.;John Dingell;leadership
The atmosphere at my school was very competitive. Young girls were competing with each other every day for status, for leadership, for the affection of the teachers. I hated it.;Zhang Ziyi;leadership
It is past time for Republican leadership to answer for record deficits and reckless spending, both in Iraq and in the U.S. It's time for a plan to bring our troops home.;Sherrod Brown;leadership
Year after year, President Bush has broken his campaign promises on college aid. And year after year, the Republican leadership in Congress has let him do it.;Sherrod Brown;leadership
Republican leadership in Congress let the energy companies write the energy bill that sent prices soaring, and has turned a blind eye to the struggles of working families trying to make ends meet.;Sherrod Brown;leadership
Through the inspiration of Vaclav's words, the courage of his dissidence and the integrity of his leadership, Czechoslovakia successfully transitioned from an authoritarian state to a free democracy at the heart of Europe.;Michael D. Higgins;leadership
I am delighted with the strong vote I have received. My message of positive leadership, patriotism and commitment clearly was resonating with tens of thousands of ordinary Irish people.;Michael D. Higgins;leadership
Vocational education programs have made a real difference in the lives of countless young people nationwide they build self-confidence and leadership skills by allowing students to utilize their unique gifts and talents.;Conrad Burns;leadership
At the very outset I want to say how the people of America appreciate the steadfast support of the people of Morocco, the leadership of Morocco in our war against terrorism.;Donald Evans;leadership
He's a novice, but he's had these - he's experienced in leadership in tight circumstances. He started - he dropped the first bomb, led the first air strike into North Vietnam.;James Stockdale;leadership
Roosevelt was the one who had the vision to change our policy from isolationism to world leadership. That was a terrific revolution. Our country's never been the same since.;W. Averell Harriman;leadership
I am convinced that your Mayor must take the leadership role in education too.;Alan Autry;leadership
Leadership demands that we make tough choices.;Alan Autry;leadership
We need safe communities that are free from methamphetamine and a federal commitment to stand next to state leadership and law enforcement in the fight against this epidemic.;Rick Larsen;leadership
There's a very big gulf between the black civil rights leadership in America and the black middle class in America. The black middle class are conservative. Many of those minorities can be persuaded to be members of the Republican Party.;Pete du Pont;leadership
We need leadership, and we need it now.;Byron Dorgan;leadership
What I've really learned over time is that optimism is a very, very important part of leadership.;Bob Iger;leadership
I think it is important for people who are given leadership roles to assume that role immediately.;Bob Iger;leadership
But I think Steve's main contribution besides just the pure leadership is his passion for excellence. He's a perfectionist. Good enough isn't good enough. And also his creative spirit. You know he really, really wants to do something great.;Andy Hertzfeld;leadership
I also know that there have been many times in our history when the proximity of an election has induced exactly the kind of leadership and consensus-building that produce progress in our democracy.;Joe Lieberman;leadership
The 9/11 Commission recently released their report, citing important changes which need to be made to improve our nation's homeland security. I voiced my disappointment with the House leadership when this report was left until after the August recess for action.;Leonard Boswell;leadership
There would not be enough talent that's educated, developed and ready to take on the next leadership challenge, and it would cap our growth. Now we've put programs in place not to have that happen, but that could be a weakness.;Kevin Rollins;leadership
I think national issues play into gubernatorial races less than, obviously, in Senate and Congressional races. Much less. They tend to be more decided by personality, leadership qualities and by state or local issues. They still have some effect, no question about it, but not as much as Senate and Congressional races.;Edward G. Rendell;leadership
Rotary provides training at all levels so that those who have been selected for leadership positions have the opportunity to learn and apply leadership principles to their jobs.;Ron D. Burton;leadership
Comrade Deng Xiaoping - along with other party elders - gave the party leadership their firm and full support to put down the political disturbance using forceful measures.;Li Peng;leadership
I feel fantastically excited that we have a leader who fought for the leadership without compromising his quite challenging view that the party has to change.;Francis Maude;leadership
Leadership is working with goals and vision management is working with objectives.;Russel Honore;leadership
Leadership means forming a team and working toward common objectives that are tied to time, metrics, and resources.;Russel Honore;leadership
