All of us are guinea pigs in the laboratory of God. Humanity is just a work in progress.;Tennessee Williams;work
A large part of acting is just pretending. You get to work with these other great make-believers, all making believe as hard as they can.;Jeff Bridges;work
Who gets the risks? The risks are given to the consumer, the unsuspecting consumer and the poor work force. And who gets the benefits? The benefits are only for the corporations, for the money makers.;Cesar Chavez;work
And it hurts as a player, that you put a lot of hard work in during the week, and at the end of the week, Sunday, when you get on the field, that's when they acknowledge about the hard work that you put in throughout the week. That's actually a disappointment.;Randy Moss;work
The humanists' replacement for religion: work really hard and somehow you'll either save yourself or you'll be immortal. Of course, that's a total joke, and our progress is nothing. There may be progress in technology but there's no ethical progress whatsoever.;David Bowie;work
A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art.;Paul Cezanne;work
In scientific work, those who refuse to go beyond fact rarely get as far as fact.;Thomas Huxley;work
Every morning I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work.;Robert Orben;work
But I have a good life. I enjoy what I do. I am married to work.;Henry Rollins;work
Realize what you really want. It stops you from chasing butterflies and puts you to work digging gold.;William Moulton Marston;work
I give thanks everyday that I've been able to take my craziness and make it work for me.;Fritz Scholder;work
Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy.;Robert Half;work
Motivation is everything. You can do the work of two people, but you can't be two people. Instead, you have to inspire the next guy down the line and get him to inspire his people.;Lee Iacocca;work
Slang is a language that rolls up its sleeves, spits on its hands and goes to work.;Carl Sandburg;work
Man, unlike anything organic or inorganic in the universe, grows beyond his work, walks up the stairs of his concepts, emerges ahead of his accomplishments.;John Steinbeck;work
While we are living in the present, we must celebrate life every day, knowing that we are becoming history with every work, every action, every deed.;Mattie Stepanek;work
You've achieved success in your field when you don't know whether what you're doing is work or play.;Warren Beatty;work
I know that many of you do wear such a cross of Christ, not in any ostentatious way, not in a way that might harm you at your work or recreation, but a simple indication that you value the role of Jesus Christ in the history of the world, that you are trying to live by Christ's standards in your own daily life.;Keith O'Brien;work
I don't work at being ordinary.;Paul McCartney;work
A work of art that contains theories is like an object on which the price tag has been left.;Alexander Pope;work
There may be people who have more talent than you, but there's no excuse for anyone to work harder than you do - and I believe that.;Derek Jeter;work
I don't mean to be arrogant and I really appreciate my fans but talking about what I am doing is not something I'm good at. I do what I do and that's it. I want to get back to my work and do more of it instead of talking about it.;Henry Rollins;work
Those who produce should have, but we know that those who produce the most - that is, those who work hardest, and at the most difficult and most menial tasks, have the least.;Eugene V. Debs;work
Behaving like a princess is work. It's not just about looking beautiful or wearing a crown. It's more about how you are inside.;Julie Andrews;work
Discrimination due to age is one of the great tragedies of modern life. The desire to work and be useful is what makes life worth living, and to be told your efforts are not needed because you are the wrong age is a crime.;Johnny Ball;work
It's hard enough to work and raise a family when your kids are all healthy and relatively normal, but when you add on some kind of disability or disease, it can just be such a burden.;Patricia Heaton;work
I know some people say I can be funny. But there is always a deeper meaning to what I say. I am a socialist at heart and have the interests of the poor in mind. When people see how I manage to work my way out of tough situations, it gives them hope in their own life.;Lalu Prasad Yadav;work
Join the union, girls, and together say Equal Pay for Equal Work.;Susan B. Anthony;work
I have so many things to work on, and so many ways that I fail. But that's what grace is all about. and I constantly wake up every morning trying to get better, trying to improve, trying to walk closer to God.;Tim Tebow;work
I think the importance of doing activist work is precisely because it allows you to give back and to consider yourself not as a single individual who may have achieved whatever but to be a part of an ongoing historical movement.;Angela Davis;work
It is our best work that God wants, not the dregs of our exhaustion. I think he must prefer quality to quantity.;George MacDonald;work
My own image of my work is that I no sooner settle into something than a break occurs. These breaks are always painful and depressing but despite them I see that there's a consistency that holds out, but is hard to define.;Lee Krasner;work
I approach love differently now that I know it's hard for it to work out.;Taylor Swift;work
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars.;Henry Van Dyke;work
Be aware of wonder. Live a balanced life - learn some and think some and draw and paint and sing and dance and play and work every day some.;Robert Fulghum;work
Black History Month must be more than just a month of remembrance it should be a tribute to our history and reminder of the work that lies in the months and years ahead.;Marty Meehan;work
This has always been a motto of mine: Attempt the impossible in order to improve your work.;Bette Davis;work
Every work of art is an uncommitted crime.;Theodor Adorno;work
The productivity now at universities is terrible. Tenure is a terrible idea. It keeps them around forever and they don't have to work hard.;Jack Welch;work
I simply do not distinguish between work and play.;Mary Oliver;work
Nature is my manifestation of God. I go to nature every day for inspiration in the day's work. I follow in building the principles which nature has used in its domain.;Frank Lloyd Wright;work
A big part of who I am is just the way I was raised. Nobody is better than anyone else, and if you really work hard, you might get lucky and get what you want.;Martina McBride;work
Therefore, when I considered this carefully, the contempt which I had to fear because of the novelty and apparent absurdity of my view, nearly induced me to abandon utterly the work I had begun.;Nicolaus Copernicus;work
We are infected by our own misunderstanding of how our own minds work.;Kevin Kelly;work
There is no prejudice that the work of art does not finally overcome.;Andre Gide;work
Instead of asking 'How much damage will the work in question bring about?' why not ask 'How much good? How much joy?';Henry Miller;work
If you don't understand that you work for your mislabeled 'subordinates,' then you know nothing of leadership. You know only tyranny.;Dee Hock;work
According to the U.S. Census, the most common reason people give for not voting is that they were too busy or had conflicting work or school schedules.;Jeff Miller;work
I guess what I learned the most was to feel lucky with what I have been able to accomplish and what I have and to feel humble about the people I have been able to work with.;Stephen Dorff;work
Italians know about human nature - they understand human nature perhaps better than anyone else does. They know that people are weak and greedy and lazy and dishonest and they just try to make the best of it to work around it.;Donna Leon;work
Memory is a great artist. For every man and for every woman it makes the recollection of his or her life a work of art and an unfaithful record.;Andre Maurois;work
Too much work, too much vacation, too much of any one thing is unsound.;Walter Annenberg;work
I have discovered the secret of happiness - it is work, either with the hands or the head. The moment I have something to do, the draughts are open and my chimney draws, and I am happy.;John Burroughs;work
Work is hard. Distractions are plentiful. And time is short.;Adam Hochschild;work
To make our way, we must have firm resolve, persistence, tenacity. We must gear ourselves to work hard all the way. We can never let up.;Ralph Bunche;work
The work of art assumes the existence of the perfect spectator, and is indifferent to the fact that no such person exists.;E. M. Forster;work
Racism, in the first place, is a weapon used by the wealthy to increase the profits they bring in by paying Black workers less for their work.;Angela Davis;work
Early to bed, early to rise, work like hell, and advertise.;Laurence J. Peter;work
Intelligence is the ability to avoid doing work, yet getting the work done.;Linus Torvalds;work
I am doomed to an eternity of compulsive work. No set goal achieved satisfies. Success only breeds a new goal. The golden apple devoured has seeds. It is endless.;Bette Davis;work
If we were logical, the future would be bleak, indeed. But we are more than logical. We are human beings, and we have faith, and we have hope, and we can work.;Jacques Yves Cousteau;work
The artist must be in his work as God is in creation, invisible and all-powerful one must sense him everywhere but never see him.;Gustave Flaubert;work
Football taught me how hard you had to work to achieve something.;Kenny Chesney;work
You just have to keep trying to do good work, and hope that it leads to more good work. I want to look back on my career and be proud of the work, and be proud that I tried everything. Yes, I want to look back and know that I was terrible at a variety of things.;Jon Stewart;work
All the real work is done in the rehearsal period.;Donald Pleasence;work
I think that everything is possible as long as you put your mind to it and you put the work and time into it. I think your mind really controls everything.;Michael Phelps;work
We spend billions of pounds on welfare, yet millions are trapped on welfare. It's not worth their while going into work.;David Cameron;work
I just get things done instead of talking about getting them done. I don't go out and party. I don't smoke, drink or do drugs and I'm not married, that leaves a lot of time for my work.;Henry Rollins;work
Every job is good if you do your best and work hard. A man who works hard stinks only to the ones that have nothing to do but smell.;Laura Ingalls Wilder;work
I take the work seriously, just not myself in it.;Henry Rollins;work
Sometimes I feel an obligation to be accessible as a personality, but for me the driving force since the beginning has always been good work, taking risks, trying new things. If the door opens, go through it. Always go forwards.;David Soul;work
If you want peace work for justice.;Pope Paul VI;work
The great work must inevitably be obscure, except to the very few, to those who like the author himself are initiated into the mysteries. Communication then is secondary: it is perpetuation which is important. For this only one good reader is necessary.;Henry Miller;work
No matter how vast, how total, the failure of man here on earth, the work of man will be resumed elsewhere. War leaders talk of resuming operations on this front and that, but man's front embraces the whole universe.;Henry Miller;work
The worst sin that can be committed against the artist is to take him at his word, to see in his work a fulfillment instead of an horizon.;Henry Miller;work
I think when you begin to think of yourself as having achieved something, then there's nothing left for you to work towards. I want to believe that there is a mountain so high that I will spend my entire life striving to reach the top of it.;Cicely Tyson;work
I think the American Dream says that anything can happen if you work hard enough at it and are persistent, and have some ability. The sky is the limit to what you can build, and what can happen to you and your family.;Sanford I. Weill;work
If something is irrational, that means it won't work. It's usually unrealistic.;Albert Ellis;work
But marriage goes in waves. You've got to be patient. People bail and give up on their marriages way too early. They just don't put the work and the effort into it. You've got to suck up your ego a lot of times, because that can be a big downfall.;Anna Benson;work
I'm Jewish. I don't work out. If God had wanted us to bend over, He would have put diamonds on the floor.;Joan Rivers;work
A child, from the time he can think, should think about all he sees, should suffer for all who cannot live with honesty, should work so that all men can be honest, and should be honest himself.;Jose Marti;work
Blessed is the man who has some congenial work, some occupation in which he can put his heart, and which affords a complete outlet to all the forces there are in him.;John Burroughs;work
The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die.;Edward Kennedy;work
Confidence comes from hours and days and weeks and years of constant work and dedication.;Roger Staubach;work
I'm tired of hearing it said that democracy doesn't work. Of course it doesn't work. We are supposed to work it.;Alexander Woollcott;work
Let me be a free man - free to travel, free to stop, free to work.;Chief Joseph;work
The average person puts only 25% of his energy and ability into his work. The world takes off its hat to those who put in more than 50% of their capacity, and stands on its head for those few and far between souls who devote 100%.;Andrew Carnegie;work
If you dream of something worth doing and then simply go to work on it and don't think anything of personalities, or emotional conflicts, or of money, or of family distractions it is amazing how quickly you get through those 5,000 steps.;Edwin Land;work
At 35, I'm definitely starting to feel more like a grown-up than I ever have. There's nothing in my life that is childish or whimsical. Having fun is fantastic and I never want to lose a sense of that - and also, I think, you have to have that to put into your work or else it's going to feel stiff.;Drew Barrymore;work
Music is for people. The word 'pop' is simply short for popular. It means that people like it. I'm just a normal jerk who happens to make music. As long as my brain and fingers work, I'm cool.;Eddie Van Halen;work
Music is the effort we make to explain to ourselves how our brains work. We listen to Bach transfixed because this is listening to a human mind.;Lewis Thomas;work
If you have issues with family, friends, and people at work, try and solve these issues head on so you can move on and concentrate on having the life you want.;Heidi Klum;work
The reward for work well done is the opportunity to do more.;Jonas Salk;work
It seems as if an age of genius must be succeeded by an age of endeavour riot and extravagance by cleanliness and hard work.;Virginia Woolf;work
We learned about dignity and decency - that how hard you work matters more than how much you make... that helping others means more than just getting ahead yourself.;Michelle Obama;work
A serious and good philosophical work could be written consisting entirely of jokes.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;work
Are you in earnest? Seize this very minute! Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. Only engage, and then the mind grows heated. Begin, and then the work will be completed.;Jean Anouilh;work
A bachelor is a man who comes to work each morning from a different direction.;Sholom Aleichem;work
The only reason anyone goes to Broadway is because they can't get work in the movies.;Bette Davis;work
