As long as the G.O.P., led by its increasingly visible women, continues to insist that the problem is not their policies but women's failure to understand their own lives and interests, the gender gap won't go away.;Dee Dee Myers;failure
Failure sometimes enlarges the spirit. You have to fall back upon humanity and God.;Charles Horton Cooley;failure
Entrepreneurs are risk takers, willing to roll the dice with their money or reputation on the line in support of an idea or enterprise. They willingly assume responsibility for the success or failure of a venture and are answerable for all its facets.;Victor Kiam;failure
The only failure is not to try.;George Clooney;failure
I'm sure not afraid of success and I've learned not to be afraid of failure. The only thing I'm afraid of now is of being someone I don't like much.;Anna Quindlen;failure
I think failure is nothing more than life's way of nudging you that you are off course. My attitude to failure is not attached to outcome, but in not trying. It is liberating. Most people attach failure to something not working out or how people perceive you. This way, it is about answering to yourself.;Sara Blakely;failure
With everything that is complex, we learn. If you don't learn, then it's an utter and abject failure. If you do learn, and you're able to apply that to the next situation, then you take away a measure of success.;Benjamin Carson;failure
I think some parents now look at a youngster failing as the final thing. It's a process, and failure is part of the process. I would like it if the teacher and the parents would connect more. I think that used to be, but we're losing a little bit of that right now.;Mike Krzyzewski;failure
The traditional religious right's failure to restore public-school prayer or pass an antiabortion constitutional amendment has likely helped fuel the spread of the more extreme dominionist school.;Jon Meacham;failure
And in reality, I don't think it's a real documentary. It's more a story of her life. It's a story of survival. It's a story of the time in which she lived. The story of success and failure.;Maximilian Schell;failure
The failure of world leaders to act on the critical issue of global warming is often blamed on economic considerations.;David Suzuki;failure
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.;Daniel Webster;failure
I don't understand a way to work other than bold-facedly running towards failure.;Cate Blanchett;failure
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.;Gary Player;failure
Failure seldom stops you. What stops you is the fear of failure.;Jack Lemmon;failure
You'll never convince me there is a hopeless situation or there is any finality in any success or any failure.;Carlos Ghosn;failure
You get so afraid of failure and so afraid of losing and so afraid of not being the best that it's not a natural drive - it's born out of fear of failure. Which helps in Hollywood.;Gabrielle Union;failure
With the NDAA, his failure to close Guantanamo Bay and the ramping use of drones, President Obama looks suspiciously like President Bush, a man on a quest for American Empire.;Justin Sane;failure
Failure too is a form of death.;Graham Greene;failure
Success is more dangerous than failure, the ripples break over a wider coastline.;Graham Greene;failure
Success needs no explanation. Failure does not have one that matters.;Jesse Jackson;failure
Fear of failure has always been my best motivator.;Douglas Wood;failure
It takes two to make a marriage a success and only one to make it a failure.;Herbert Samuel;failure
I've tried to handle winning well, so that maybe we'll win again, but I've also tried to handle failure well. If those serve as good examples for teachers and kids, then I hope that would be a contribution I have made to sport. Not just basketball, but to sport.;Mike Krzyzewski;failure
If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure.;Al Gore;failure
I may be a successful football player, but I feel like such a failure.;Brett Favre;failure
If you get into a Broadway show and it doesn't work, you're a failure. And if it does work, you may be stuck for who knows how long. It just doesn't sound great to me!;Betty White;failure
I realized that I was afraid to really, really try something, 100%, because I had never reached true failure.;Trent Reznor;failure
Failure to accord credit to anyone for what he may have done is a great weakness in any man.;William Howard Taft;failure
I will not be discouraged by failure I will not be elated by success.;Joseph Barber Lightfoot;failure
At first I wasn't sure that I had the talent, but I did know I had a fear of failure, and that fear compelled me to fight off anything that might abet it.;Gordon Parks;failure
The mere thought of divorce terrified me. To me, divorce symbolized failure.;Annette Funicello;failure
I feel, in the end, as if everything I've done has been a failure.;Jonathan Kozol;failure
By far the most important factor in the success or failure of any school, far more important than tests or standards or business-model methods of accountability, is simply attracting the best-educated, most exciting young people into urban schools and keeping them there.;Jonathan Kozol;failure
It's probably foolish to expect relationships to go on forever and to say that because something only lasts 10 years, it's a failure.;James Taylor;failure
If you've gone into a marriage and you haven't been clear about how you're going to handle money, how you want to raise kids, who is going to work or stay home or what have you, then you've set yourself up for failure.;Phil McGraw;failure
You can't have any successes unless you can accept failure.;George Cukor;failure
Failure doesn't kill you... it increases your desire to make something happen.;Kevin Costner;failure
It's a European Union of economic failure, of mass unemployment and of low growth.;Nigel Farage;failure
The banking collapse was caused, more than anything, by bad government policy and the total failure of bad regulation, rather than by greed.;Nigel Farage;failure
Failure in the theater is more dramatic and uglier than any other form of writing. It costs so much, you feel so guilty.;Lillian Hellman;failure
You have to look at the history of the Middle East in particular. It has been one of failure and frustration, of feudalism and tribalism.;Alexander Haig;failure
Hollywood... a city I was to come back to time and again, in sickness and in health, in success and in failure, with anticipation and with dread.;Dirk Benedict;failure
I've had a lot of success I've had failures, so I learn from the failure.;Gordon Ramsay;failure
The most tragic paradox of our time is to be found in the failure of nation-states to recognize the imperatives of internationalism.;Earl Warren;failure
There's a difference between a failure and a fiasco... a fiasco is a disaster of mythic proportions.;Orlando Bloom;failure
Life is so fresh, life is every day so new if we are fighting, only for the best. Sometimes I think the only real satisfaction in life is failure, failure in your endeavor to do your best.;Maude Adams;failure
Rather than viewing a brief relapse back to inactivity as a failure, treat it as a challenge and try to get back on track as soon as possible.;Jimmy Connors;failure
If you have a level of expectation in your life that you have to be a quote-unquote star, whatever that means, you might be setting yourself up for failure.;Bryan Cranston;failure
Unless we practice conservation, those who come after us will have to pay the price of misery, degradation, and failure for the progress and prosperity of our day.;Gifford Pinchot;failure
Civilization is a failure. We need to think what we can do together in love and peace.;Serj Tankian;failure
Enjoy failure and learn from it. You can never learn from success.;James Dyson;failure
Failure is an enigma. You worry about it, and it teaches you something.;James Dyson;failure
The failure of the system to deal quickly was attributable to Nixon's lying, stonewalling and refusal to come clean. So it took 26 months for the final truth to be known.;Bob Woodward;failure
Nixon's grand mistake was his failure to understand that Americans are forgiving, and if he had admitted error early and apologized to the country, he would have escaped.;Bob Woodward;failure
I failed the LSAT. Basically, if I had not failed, I'd have been a lawyer and there would be no Spanx. I think failure is nothing more than life's way of nudging you that you are off course. My attitude to failure is not attached to outcome, but in not trying. It is liberating.;Sara Blakely;failure
Even when you have doubts, take that step. Take chances. Mistakes are never a failure - they can be turned into wisdom.;Cat Cora;failure
If you try to do your best there is no failure.;Mike Farrell;failure
What is more comforting to the terrorists around the world: the failure to pass the 9/11 legislation because we lacked 'a majority of the majority,' or putting aside partisan politics to enact tough new legislation with America's security foremost in mind?;Rahm Emanuel;failure
The failure to read good books both enfeebles the vision and strengthens our most fatal tendency - the belief that the here and now is all there is.;Allan Bloom;failure
My only failure was the restaurant in Myrtle Beach. I kept it open for four years. It was in a tourist town, it was only busy four and half, five months of the year. But the bills kept coming all year.;Mickey Gilley;failure
I was never afraid of failure after that because, I think, coming that close to death you get kissed. With the years, the actual experience of course fades, but the flavor of it doesn't. I just had a real sense of what choice do I have but to live fully?;Debra Winger;failure
There is no middle ground in Hollywood you're a failure or you're a success. That mentality is wild.;Javier Bardem;failure
It's not that we fly by the seat of our pants. We're not afraid of failure.;Craig Ferguson;failure
I find writing very difficult. It's hard and it hurts sometimes, and it's scary because of the fear of failure and the very unpleasant feeling that you may have reached the limit of your abilities.;Tony Kushner;failure
I think success has no rules, but you can learn a great deal from failure.;Jean Kerr;failure
My biggest failure is I have too many to talk about.;Dean Kamen;failure
Some people will go to the opening of an envelope. They live their lives in the public eye and get off on it, they need it. They need that kind of adoration. If their name isn't in the tabloids once a week they feel like a failure.;Jensen Ackles;failure
Coming to terms with the fact that my marriage was a failure was devastating and very difficult.;Sarah McLachlan;failure
I fear that our true motivation is about oil and our own flailing economy about the failure to destroy Al Qaeda and about revenge.;Dave Matthews;failure
So it is in poetry. All we ask is that the mood recorded shall impress us as having been of the kind that exhausts the imaginative capacity if it fails to do this the failure will announce itself either in prose or in insignificant verse.;John Drinkwater;failure
The man who has won millions at the cost of his conscience is a failure.;B. C. Forbes;failure
Even as far back as when I started acting at 14, I know I've never considered failure.;Jennifer Lawrence;failure
Well, I think it's too early to call Fallujah a failure.;Charles Schumer;failure
The main reason for the failure of the modern medical science is that it is dealing with results and not causes. Nothing more than the patching up of those attacked and the burying of those who are slain, without a thought being given to the real strong hold.;Edward Bach;failure
You shouldn't be afraid of failure - when something fails, you think, 'What did I learn from that experience? I can do better next time.' Then kill that project and move on to the next. Don't get disappointed.;Niklas Zennstrom;failure
I'm fully aware that things that resonate and become real hits are the exception to the rule, so much so that I've wired myself for failure.;Ron Perlman;failure
Before I was married, I didn't consider my failure to manage even basic hand tools a feminist inadequacy. I thought it had more to do with being Jewish. The Jews I knew growing up didn't do 'do-it-yourself.' When my father needed to hammer something he generally used his shoe, and the only real tool he owned was a pair of needle-nose pliers.;Ayelet Waldman;failure
We all struggle with our failure to communicate and our failure to reach beyond fear to love people.;Mira Sorvino;failure
I don't have a fear factor. Well, not much of one. And I'm willing to risk quite a lot - as a comedian, you're always risking a lot. You're risking failure, especially if you're improvising and going on TV shows trying to make comedy out of thin air. That is quite a risky business.;David Walliams;failure
We now live in a world where the only thing to have is success, but failure is marvelous. It's fertiliser, it's like living fertiliser, because you're forced on yourself.;Rupert Everett;failure
I'm kind of a failure. I mean, I'll be honest. I'm successful in that I'm getting to work on great stuff, but I think I'm a failure in all the personal stuff that is most important to me.;Paul Feig;failure
I get asked, 'How can you have such failures in your films?' Well, what else is life about? There's some sense of constant failure in something. Humor gives you a distance from it.;Alexander Payne;failure
African Americans make up about 13 percent of the U.S. population but comprise 32 percent of patients treated for kidney failure, giving them a kidney failure rate that is 4.2 times greater than that of white Americans.;Xavier Becerra;failure
Among all the tests President Obama faced in his first term, his biggest failure was climate change.;Jeff Goodell;failure
The failure to dissect the cause of war leaves us open for the next installment.;Chris Hedges;failure
The higher the artist, the fewer the gestures. The fewer the tools, the greater the imagination. The greater the will, the greater the secret failure.;Ben Okri;failure
Divorce is so common and accepted in America that beating myself up over it may sound ridiculous. But I was raised to believe that divorce wasn't an option to me, divorce equaled failure. I wasn't able to change that equation until I found myself in the right relationship.;Trisha Yearwood;failure
America traditionally represents the greatest possibility of someone's going from nothing to something. Why? In theory, if not practice, the government stays out of the way and lets individuals take risks and reap rewards or accept the consequences of failure. We call this capitalism - or, at least, we used to.;Larry Elder;failure
We're born with success. It is only others who point out our failures, and what they attribute to us as failure.;Whoopi Goldberg;failure
There's something to be said for failing. It's not the failure you feel, it's the failure that people project when something disappoints. You're back to ground zero, where there's no expectations, and that's where I like to be.;Kevin Smith;failure
The biggest problem in my life is trying to be the kind of man that I want to be, the father that I want to be, and how to process the failure of my marriage.;Ethan Hawke;failure
I assume everything I do in life is gonna be a failure, and then if it turns up roses, then I'm psyched.;Jonah Hill;failure
I was convicted of three misdemeanors of willful failure to file a form.;Wesley Snipes;failure
He who has conquered doubt and fear has conquered failure.;James Lane Allen;failure
People in the business will stay with you through drugs and alcohol and divorces and insanity and everything else, but you have a failure, pal, and they don't want to know nothing about you!;Don Johnson;failure
Success is 99 percent failure.;Soichiro Honda;failure
If you're not a born-again Christian, you're a failure as a human being.;Jerry Falwell;failure
War is something Arafat sends others to do for him. That is, the poor souls who believe in him. This pompous incompetent caused the failure of the Camp David negotiations, Clinton's mediation.;Oriana Fallaci;failure
