Kids feel so strongly about what's going on today and what's happening to the world, and that's very inspiring. I feel more hopeful than ever before about the future.;Carl Hiaasen;future
Creation is all space, all time - all things past, present, and future.;Matthew Fox;future
I was always someone who lived in the future all the time, it was always the next thing - dreams of escape.;Julie Walters;future
I was cast in 'Thor' and I'm cast as a Nordic god. If you know anything about the Nords, they don't look like me but there you go. I think that's a sign of the times for the future. I think we will see multi-level casting. I think we will see that, and I think that's good.;Idris Elba;future
If we want to deliver opportunity for all, we need an economy that delivers jobs for the future.;John Major;future
We inadvertently bombed the Chinese Embassy. But Clinton now is working very hard. He has sent a letter of apology to the Chinese. And, he's also given them a gift certificate for future nuclear secrets.;David Letterman;future
I am not interested in the past, except as the road to the future.;Gianni Versace;future
The strange thing about Africa is how past, present and future come together in a kind of rough jazz, if you like.;Ben Okri;future
The subject of criminal rehabilitation was debated recently in City Hall. It's an appropriate place for this kind of discussion because the city has always employed so many ex-cons and future cons.;Mike Royko;future
By concentrating on what is good in people, by appealing to their idealism and their sense of justice, and by asking them to put their faith in the future, socialists put themselves at a severe disadvantage.;Ian Mcewan;future
If we wish our state's growth to continue, then our future will increasingly be with industries that require a highly skilled and technically proficient workforce.;Jay Weatherill;future
There is an opportunity for us to renew ourselves. There's an opportunity for us to leave the past behind and present something different for the future.;Jay Weatherill;future
Through first-class education, a generation marches down the long uncertain road of the future with confidence.;Wynton Marsalis;future
The truth is my idea has been to always stay at Barcelona and see out the rest of my career here. Like I always say, one doesn't know what can happen in the future, but if it were up to me to decide, I would stay at Barcelona for the rest of my career.;Lionel Messi;future
Healthy children are born from healthy, respected, well-nourished and educated mothers and it is imperative that they have a voice in the decisions which affect them. If you empower a mother and let her have her say towards a poverty-free future, the positive impact this would have on ending hunger will be immense.;Dionne Warwick;future
I'm not a prophet I can only use historical reality to come to a view of the future, and my view is that Africa will return to being African and not European. The advent of colonialism was foreign to the country itself, but it will return to what it was before the Europeans arrived.;Wilbur Smith;future
The discussion in Washington has changed dramatically. I mean, it's no longer a question of should we address entitlements - it's no longer a question of do we need to reduce spending in the future.;Mark Zandi;future
I shall go further and say that even if an examination of the past could lead to any valid prediction concerning man's future, that prediction would be the contrary of reassuring.;Julien Benda;future
I couldn't wait to look at someone who shared my genes. I thought my baby was going to provide a decoder key to my past. But then I looked at Pippa and realized, no, she's actually the key to my future.;Emily Procter;future
Every year, I am reminded of the kids who aren't in the freshman class and aren't graduating. I remember every single one of them. That is the worst of times for me, to see the future snuffed out.;Donna Shalala;future
But for me, it is when a student has died. I find the death of a young person the most difficult and painful of times. To explain it to other young people, to see a bright future snuffed out, is just awful. I am haunted by those deaths.;Donna Shalala;future
Future generations are not going to ask us what political party were you in. They are going to ask what did you do about it, when you knew the glaciers were melting.;Martin Sheen;future
I was offered a choice of a flat salary up front or a percentage of the film's future earnings. I took the up front money. Nobody could have figured what Halloween would ultimately become.;Donald Pleasence;future
You will attract the younger generation and they might well prove tougher than the older generation. What we are trying to do is to look at the future and see what we can do to bring some stability back to people's lives.;Ian Botham;future
Instead of causing us to remember the past like the old monuments, the new monuments seem to cause us to forget the future.;Robert Smithson;future
And as I grew older, I then auditioned for the Royal Academy of Music in London, and they said, well, no, we won't accept you, because we haven't a clue - you know - of the future of a so-called 'deaf' musician. And I just couldn't quite accept that.;Evelyn Glennie;future
The ongoing conflict between us has caused heavy suffering to both peoples. The future can and must be different. Both our peoples are destined to live together side by side, on this small piece of land. This reality we cannot change.;Ariel Sharon;future
But there's one thing we are not going to compromise at all: when it comes to security of Israeli citizens and the State of Israel, there are not going to be any compromises - not now and not in the future.;Ariel Sharon;future
My future is in my past and my past is my present. I must now make the present my future.;Vladimir Horowitz;future
To the citizens of Israel, I say: we have passed difficult years, faced the most painful experiences and overcame them. The future lies before us. We are required to take difficult and controversial steps, but we must not miss the opportunity to try to achieve what we have wished for, for so many years: security, tranquillity and peace.;Ariel Sharon;future
'Robopocalypse' explores the intertwined fates of regular people who face a future filled with murderous machines. It follows them as humanity foments the robot uprising, fails to recognize the coming storm, and then is rocked to the core by methodical, crippling attacks.;Daniel H. Wilson;future
The poster boy for our superabled future is Oscar Pistorius, an increasingly famous South African sprinter who happens to have had both of his legs amputated below the knee. Using upside down question mark-shaped carbon fiber sprinting prosthetics, called Cheetah blades, Mr. Pistorius can challenge the fastest sprinters in the world.;Daniel H. Wilson;future
For every minute, the future is becoming the past.;Thor Heyerdahl;future
What appeals to me? There are things, points of view, uses of the language, habits of dress, ways of thought and believing that came to me from my grandparents and came to them from theirs. Things that are of good use in any situation, no matter what the future may hold.;Tommy Lee Jones;future
Looking ahead, future generations may learn their social skills from robots in the first place. The cute yellow Keepon robot from Carnegie Mellon University has shown the ability to facilitate social interactions with autistic children. Morphy at the University of Washington happily teaches gestures to children by demonstration.;Daniel H. Wilson;future
My idea in terms of managing a narrative, or in thinking in my creative life, is that you could easily argue that the past, the present and the future all occur simultaneously, and if you can postulate that, then you're not strictly bound to a linear narrative.;Tommy Lee Jones;future
In the future, when Microsoft leaves a security-flaw in their code it won't mean that somebody hacks your computer. It will mean that somebody takes control of your servant robot and it stands in your bedroom doorway sharpening a knife and watching you sleep.;Daniel H. Wilson;future
The future is hidden by a dark impenetrable veil, and yet we struggle to pierce through it.;Joseph Barber Lightfoot;future
Everything about my politics has been about the future.;David Miliband;future
I think in the future we need to look at our youth department to provide more players for the first team think it is important for a club to have a good amount of players that have roots with the club and region.;Arsene Wenger;future
As long as I do a good job, I believe the future is going to take care of itself, but actually I like very much being in elected office and there is no consideration about doing anything different until I can be assured that we are going to have the best voting systems in the country.;Katherine Harris;future
I have not made any plans for the future, and my wife would kill me if I announced anything before that.;Scott Walker;future
I'd like now and into the future to play a bigger role not only in Wisconsin and the Midwest, but nationally. I'd like to have an impact.;Scott Walker;future
What makes America amazing is that there have always been men and women of courage who were willing to think more about the future of their children and grandchildren than they did about their own political careers.;Scott Walker;future
Also, it is interesting that developing countries, with China and India perhaps in the lead, where the future of the global environment will be decided are now on board with the case for sustainable development.;Maurice Strong;future
We owe at least this much to future generations, from whom we have borrowed a fragile planet called Earth.;Maurice Strong;future
The future will be the child of the past and the present, even if a rebellious child.;George Crumb;future
Of course I am political. You 'ave to be don't you? Every day it is about your future, your right to that future. 'Ow can people ignore this? We 'ave to leave a good world for our children, n'est-ce pas?;Emmanuelle Beart;future
If you really want something you just hang with it. We think our future's ahead and not behind.;Jerry Only;future
The valid research for the future is on the inner side, on the spiritual side.;Peace Pilgrim;future
By the time a person has achieved years adequate for choosing a direction, the die is cast and the moment has long since passed which determined the future.;Zelda Fitzgerald;future
I don't want to be the one to break it to you, but the future ain't that funny.;Albert Brooks;future
What's interesting about books that take place in the future, even twenty years in the future, is that many of them are black or white: It's either a utopia or it's misery. The real truth is that there's going to be both things in any future, just like there is now.;Albert Brooks;future
The past is a source of knowledge, and the future is a source of hope. Love of the past implies faith in the future.;Stephen Ambrose;future
You need people who can walk their companies into the future rather than back them into the future.;Warren G. Bennis;future
Life is hopefully long, so I don't know what the future will bring.;Bethenny Frankel;future
I'm scared of the unknown future.;Bethenny Frankel;future
To design the future effectively, you must first let go of your past.;Charles J. Givens;future
So foolish is the heart of man that he ever puts his hope in the future, learning nothing from his past errors and fancying that tomorrow must be better than today.;Mika Waltari;future
Two persons love in one another the future good which they aid one another to unfold.;Margaret Fuller;future
You know, we'd just had a birthday, he was... you know, he still had a future out of him, and all I can is he was just one of the most beautiful people in the world... a very gifted man, and it's a loss to the world, not just for us.;Robin Gibb;future
I'd like to think a baseball picture is somewhere in my future.;Garth Brooks;future
As long as our civilisation keeps trundling along generally forwards, then there is the possibility of a future where ethnicity is merely an interesting badge, not a uniform you can't take off.;David Mitchell;future
We need to give the Iraqis a chance to build their own future. It should be in their hands. It must be in their hands. That is what democracy is all about. We can teach it, we can explain it, but they must want it enough to make it work for them.;Barbara Boxer;future
Access to books and the encouragement of the habit of reading: these two things are the first and most necessary steps in education and librarians, teachers and parents all over the country know it. It is our children's right and it is also our best hope and their best hope for the future.;Michael Morpurgo;future
It is the child's understanding that teaches the adults the way of the future. They're still doing it today with modern technology.;Michael Morpurgo;future
The German philosopher Walter Benjamin had the curious notion that we could change the past. For most of us, the past is fixed while the future is open.;Terry Eagleton;future
I wished to go completely outside and to make a symbolic start for my enterprise of regenerating the life of humankind within the body of society and to prepare a positive future in this context.;Joseph Beuys;future
I hope that seeing the excitement of solving this problem will make young mathematicians realize that there are lots and lots of other problems in mathematics which are going to be just as challenging in the future.;Andrew Wiles;future
I want to do very useful buildings and I would like to find a method of producing these buildings through our technology because I think that this is the only way that we will gain wonderful environment easily in the future.;Minoru Yamasaki;future
I have a lot of sympathy for young people because I realize how disturbed I was. How would I deal with life in the future? What would I do for a living?;Clyde Tombaugh;future
If you can see the magic in a fairytale, you can face the future.;Danielle Steel;future
An expectation is a future object, recognised as belonging to me.;Samuel Alexander;future
My past is my wisdom to use today... my future is my wisdom yet to experience. Be in the present because that is where life resides.;Gene Oliver;future
The future is keeping you out of the present time.;Van Morrison;future
I look forward to the future - and going into the studio to make new music.;Diana Ross;future
As a child our dreams got scattered all about and all our future prospects got scattered to so many places, and we spend our lives trying to find the little pieces that make up our lives and make up the dreams that we had as a child that got blown away in the windstorm.;Terrence Howard;future
In charting our course to the future, we are mindful of our path from the past.;Brad Henry;future
I shall soon be six-and-twenty. Is there anything in the future that can possibly console us for not being always twenty-five?;George Byron;future
One of the functions of an organization, of any organism, is to anticipate the future, so that those relationships can persist over time.;Kevin Kelly;future
The way that organizations and organisms anticipate the future is by taking signals from the past, most the time.;Kevin Kelly;future
This is actually a very important principle that science is learning about large systems like evolution and that futurists are learning about anticipating human society: just because a future scenario is plausible doesn't mean we can get there from here.;Kevin Kelly;future
It seems like the studios are either making giant blockbusters, or really super-small indies. And the mid-level films I grew up on, like 'Back to the Future' and all those John Hughes movies, the studios aren't doing. It's hard to get them on their feet.;Chris Evans;future
It is our job, as members of parliament, to legislate with an eye to the long term future, to look over the horizon beyond the next election and ensure that as far as we can what we do today will make Australia a better place, a safer place, for future generations to live in.;Malcolm Turnbull;future
And that's the mission of The Innocence Project in New York, is to exonerate people who have been wrongfully convicted, and also work from a policy angle with Congress and state legislatures to prevent future wrongful convictions.;John Grisham;future
I'm not itching to sue Amazon or Wal-Mart... they sell a lot of books. But the future is very uncertain with books.;John Grisham;future
I hope that we can continue this cooperation on other critical issues related to America's future technological competitiveness. We must work together to encourage the creative talents that have made our country the world leader in technology.;Dan Lipinski;future
Hydrogen holds great promise to meet many of our future energy needs, and it addresses national security and our environmental concerns. Hydrogen is the simplest, most abundant element in the universe.;Dan Lipinski;future
And when these advances are made, hydrogen can fill critical energy needs beyond transportation. Hydrogen can also be used to heat and generate electricity for our homes. The future possibilities of this energy source are enormous.;Dan Lipinski;future
For example, the Prime Minister earlier this year talked about the importance of the Arctic to our future. He's right. A hundred years from now, the strength of Canada is going to be coming from our resources in the Arctic.;Brian Mulroney;future
The Web as I envisaged it, we have not seen it yet. The future is still so much bigger than the past.;Tim Berners-Lee;future
Projecting a persuasive image of a desirable and practical future is extremely important to high morale, to dynamism, to consensus, and in general to help the wheels of society turn smoothly.;Herman Kahn;future
Look how many millions of people are underemployed or have lost their jobs. The last thing I'm going to do is play politics with their future.;Lindsey Graham;future
No one's played on the moon yet. No one's played in zero gravity. Some bands have played at the Pyramids of Giza, but we'd very much like to do that in the near future.;Brandon Boyd;future
People's - most people's job is talking about the future or like money not even in the present tense. It's not even paper.;Colin Quinn;future
China, in the future, is going to have even more nuclear capability than it has had in the past. I don't believe that they have anything to fear from the United States, and I frankly don't believe they do fear the United States.;Paul Wolfowitz;future
If this is not done, future ages will certainly look back upon us as a people so immersed in the pursuit of wealth as to be blind to higher considerations.;Alfred Russel Wallace;future
I can't predict the future.;Paul Wolfowitz;future
The Marshall Plan was after destruction, and the U.S. came to our help and obviously this was very, very important for the future of Europe. I think now we have all the capabilities of doing it on our own and, in a sense, we have to.;George Papandreou;future
