I believe in marriage. I believe marriage is a really important institution, it's one of the most important institutions we have.;Theresa May;marriage
Nobody ever asks a father how he manages to combine marriage and a career.;Sam Ewing;marriage
Women today have more of an overview of their lives and how marriage is or is not a part of it.;Helen Reddy;marriage
Marriage can be viewed as the waiting room for death.;Mike Myers;marriage
There is no loneliness like that of a failed marriage.;Alexander Theroux;marriage
Let us be honest with each other. The threat to marriage is not the gays. It is a lack of loving commitment - whether it is found in the form of neglect, indifference, cruelty or adultery, to name just a few manifestations of the loveless desert in which too many marriages come to grief.;Malcolm Turnbull;marriage
I am fiscally prudent and socially progressive. I believe in protecting a woman's right to choose. I believe in marriage equality.;Andrew Cuomo;marriage
Marriage equality changed life for people.;Andrew Cuomo;marriage
I always say now that I'm in my blonde years. Because since the end of my marriage, all of my girlfriends have been blonde.;Hugh Hefner;marriage
Marriage is like wine. It is not be properly judged until the second glass.;Douglas William Jerrold;marriage
Now I'm a wife and a mother of two. It's a really different role. I always referred to No Doubt as a marriage, because that's what it's like to be together for so long and go through what we've been through. I can't really have that relationship with them anymore.;Gwen Stefani;marriage
A miracle... my biggest accomplishment is my marriage so far. Because it's hard, everyone knows it's hard.;Gwen Stefani;marriage
When I heard the royal family wanted to have me perform in celebration of Prince William's marriage, I knew I had to give them a little something. 'Wet' is the perfect anthem for Prince William or any playa to get the club smokin'.;Snoop Dogg;marriage
I don't think there's anything they can say about me that I haven't said about myself already. And I would be an absolute total liar, and my fans would not respect me, if I said that my life and my marriage are perfect. But we absolutely love each other we have fun together - it's great.;Mary J. Blige;marriage
On the one hand, the idea of marriage and the sort of traditional family life repulses me. But on the other hand, I long for it, you know what I mean? I'm constantly in conflict with things. And it is because of my past and my upbringing and the journey that I've been on.;Madonna Ciccone;marriage
A man's love, till it has been chastened and fastened by the feeling of duty which marriage brings with it, is instigated mainly by the difficulty of pursuit.;Anthony Trollope;marriage
People try much less hard to make a marriage work than they used to fifty years ago. Divorce is easier.;Mary Wesley;marriage
The death of anti-gay hate speech is no doubt being hastened by the head-spinning speed with which gays as a group - to say nothing of gay marriage - are becoming an unremarkable and even quite traditional parts of American life.;Jeffrey Kluger;marriage
Marriage is a lot of things - a source of love, security, the joy of children, but it's also an interpersonal battlefield, and it's not hard to see why: Take two disparate people, toss them together in often-confined quarters, add the stresses of money and kids - now lather, rinse, repeat for the rest of your natural life. What could go wrong?;Jeffrey Kluger;marriage
Marriage is a religious and state issue.;Jim DeMint;marriage
I've had two terrific relationships, but both ended in marriage.;Jane Seymour;marriage
I adore the theater and I am a painter. I think the two are made for a marriage of love. I will give all my soul to prove this once more.;Marc Chagall;marriage
Our marriage is between us. If we decide to continue being together or not, it's our business.;Gwyneth Paltrow;marriage
There's already a marriage clock, a career clock, a biological clock. Sometimes being a woman feels like standing in the lobby of a hotel, looking at the dials depicting every time zone in the world behind the front desk - except they all apply to you, and all at once.;Sloane Crosley;marriage
I would absolutely, definitely never sell my wedding pictures to a magazine. I'd like it to be a special day, not a photo shoot. And once you've done that, your marriage becomes everybody else's business.;Katherine Jenkins;marriage
Cross-cultural marriage is difficult, especially when one person has to live in another country. But I thought there was a very good chance of it working because people grow together if they have a common passion.;Imran Khan;marriage
Marriage is like paying an endless visit in your worst clothes.;J. B. Priestley;marriage
I love the institution of marriage, and I love my marriage.;Kyle Chandler;marriage
I think that sense of humor is important in marriage. A sense of humor gets people through marriage.;Kyle Chandler;marriage
Marriage is hard work, period.;Kyle Chandler;marriage
My grandparents got married at a very young age, and a lot of what I think about marriage is based on their relationship. I watched them over the years and saw how they dealt with everything together, as a team.;Kyle Chandler;marriage
My grandparents got married at a very young age, and a lot of what I think about marriage is based on their relationship.;Kyle Chandler;marriage
You know, my friends, with what a brave carouse I made a Second Marriage in my house favored old barren reason from my bed, and took the daughter of the vine to spouse.;Omar Khayyam;marriage
Most Americans don't care about gay marriage.;Dan Savage;marriage
I believe in traditional marriage.;Karl Rove;marriage
Well, marriage is a very important part of our culture and our society. If we want to have a hopeful and decent society, we ought to aim for the ideal.;Karl Rove;marriage
A marriage is no amusement but a solemn act, and generally a sad one.;Queen Victoria;marriage
No Congress ever has seen fit to amend the Constitution to address any issue related to marriage. No Constitutional Amendment was needed to ban polygamy or bigamy, nor was a Constitutional Amendment needed to set a uniform age of majority to ban child marriages.;Judy Biggert;marriage
I was born to be married. I just feel comfortable there. I love the idea of being partnered for ever. I love my girlfriend, we've been best friends since I was 18. There's not a thing we haven't been through except for marriage... We've had talks about what we would name our kids since we were in our 20s.;Beth Ditto;marriage
I would say that the surest measure of a man's or a woman's maturity is the harmony, style, joy, and dignity he creates in his marriage, and the pleasure and inspiration he provides for his spouse.;Benjamin Spock;marriage
Marriage hasn't been my thing. But gay people, knock yourselves out!;Ben Affleck;marriage
The way that same-sex marriage should reach the federal level is that it absolutely should be decided by the Supreme Court as quickly as possible. It's a 14th Amendment issue. There's no argument about it.;Tony Kushner;marriage
In December 1998, I considered myself an expert on love. I was almost a year into a relationship, one that had grown more slowly than I had wished, but once it flowered it was much more stimulating than any marriage or relationship I had known.;Jane Smiley;marriage
I am very old-fashioned about marriage. It is for life and I mean it. I always knew that when I met the right girl, the life I had before - being single, in a band, girls everywhere - would be over.;Gary Numan;marriage
Brands mature over time, like a marriage. The bond you feel with your spouse is different than when you first met each other. Excitement and discovery are replaced by comfort and depth.;Gary Vaynerchuk;marriage
I don't have this fantasy about marriage anymore. Everyone says it takes hard work. Well, it kind of does - and I'm much more pragmatic about romance than I used to be.;Jennifer Garner;marriage
The rule with marriage is the less you talk about it the better, as far as I can tell.;Jennifer Garner;marriage
While 45 of the 50 States have either a State constitutional amendment or a statute that preserves the current definition of marriage, left-wing activist judges and officials at the local levels have struck down State laws protecting marriage.;John Boehner;marriage
And that is why marriage and family law has emphasized the importance of marriage as the foundation of family, addressing the needs of children in the most positive way.;John Boehner;marriage
When David Arquette and I got engaged we started therapy together. I'd heard that the first year of marriage is the hardest, so we decided to work through all that stuff early.;Courteney Cox;marriage
Is marriage for ever? I think you get married with the intention that it will be, but who knows?;Courteney Cox;marriage
It's so easy to grow apart marriage takes work.;Courteney Cox;marriage
Marriage is an institution, and you must be fully committed to it.;Gene Simmons;marriage
I don't know if I'm built for marriage.;Jamie Foxx;marriage
Sometimes divorce is better than marriage.;Sumner Redstone;marriage
I'm an advocate for gay marriage. I have more gay friends than Carter has pills.;Patti Stanger;marriage
On both 'The Bachelor' and 'The Bachelorette,' it seems like proposing marriage is equivalent to saying, 'Let's date.' Everyone knows those aren't the same things.;Patti Stanger;marriage
The marriage didn't work out but the separation is great.;Liz Smith;marriage
Traditional marriage is what should be sanctioned.;Jeb Bush;marriage
Coming to terms with the fact that my marriage was a failure was devastating and very difficult.;Sarah McLachlan;marriage
It's all kind of a big illusion: the white picket fence and the perfect marriage and the kids. Check that box off, check that box off, and move forward.;Sarah McLachlan;marriage
I have a lot of respect for marriage.;Dominic Monaghan;marriage
This marriage is no one's business but our own.;Bobby Darin;marriage
In marriage, compromise nurtures the relationship.;Tim Allen;marriage
I was gone so much in my first marriage. I love the moments when I engage with my youngest daughter now. It's not my thing to sit on the ground and play tea party, but I'll do it because it's a moment that will stick with me forever.;Tim Allen;marriage
I believe in the institution of marriage. Of course being a Mormon, we believe in eternity rather than just till death do us part. If you really try hard, if you make it work, it's blissful. But I also know a marriage that isn't working can be painful.;Donny Osmond;marriage
The truth is you can have a great marriage, but there are still no guarantees.;Demi Moore;marriage
Well you know, I think a lot of us in marriage know that you play different roles at different times. And Mitt can get very intense, and I can have the ability to kind of talk him off the rails sometimes and say, 'Hey let's look at what is really important and let's do that now.';Ann Romney;marriage
In marriage, it's always that give and take and rebalancing that we have to do in how we can help each other. But, I have been known at times by my sons, that is the name that they call me-the Mitt stabilizer.;Ann Romney;marriage
God invented concubinage, satan marriage.;Francis Picabia;marriage
You know, there were major problems in my marriage.;Hulk Hogan;marriage
I believe wholeheartedly in marriage. I don't exclusively mean a marriage with a legal contract, but any relationship that constitutes a marriage because of the quality of their relationship.;Helen Reddy;marriage
I think that two people who decide to live together in a marriage situation, they have an obligation to make the marriage work for them.;Helen Reddy;marriage
Studies have consistently shown that financial hardship is the biggest obstacle to heterosexual marriage, yet the Republican leadership has done precious little to help address the financial hardship faced by American families.;Kendrick Meek;marriage
For me it's also - the music is equally as important. I mean I think as somebody who writes music, there just has to sort of be the marriage between both.;Katey Sagal;marriage
We'll sort of get over the marriage first and then maybe look at the kids. But obviously we want a family so we'll have to start thinking about that.;Prince William;marriage
Marriage is a coming together for better or for worse, hopefully enduring, and intimate to the degree of being sacred.;William O. Douglas;marriage
But I will agree that I think that things happen with people in relationships, that you might have been able to enjoy Morocco, say, if you weren't getting out of a bad marriage. You know what I mean?;Robert Downey, Jr.;marriage
I don't think young men or women should feel pressured into marriage. You shouldn't marry anyone, in my opinion, who you have to try hard for.;Rachael Ray;marriage
I've always been wary of marriage.;Cynthia Nixon;marriage
During the periods in my marriage when I chose to stay home with my kids rather than work as an attorney, it caused me no end of anxiety. Despite the fact that I knew I was contributing to our family by caring for our children, I still felt that my worth was less because I wasn't earning.;Ayelet Waldman;marriage
My kids have moved more in their twenties, you know, than my parents have moved in nearly 40-something years of marriage before they died. So there's a part of me that laments what we have lost, and that is a sense of community.;Mike Huckabee;marriage
I am much more open to plural marriage than I was before, and I now support it in certain situations. I do believe it is right for some people. But our example in America today is gross abuse - I can't support it in fundamentalist compounds.;Ginnifer Goodwin;marriage
Provincial governments in Canada have terminated the positions of marriage commissioners who have, for personal religious convictions, not performed same sex marriages. It has happened in Saskatchewan.;Stockwell Day;marriage
Bishop Frederick Henry of Calgary is facing at least two official objections to his public statements along with expensive hearings before the Alberta Human Rights Commission for expressing his biblical views on same sex marriage.;Stockwell Day;marriage
Our national media refuses to report that even the Supreme Court did not say marriage was a human right in all cases nor did it say that the heterosexual definition violated anyone's right or that the heterosexual definition of marriage was unconstitutional.;Stockwell Day;marriage
Marriage commissioners who choose not to marry homosexuals are being fired. A Knights of Columbus chapter in British Columbia is in court because it chooses not allow a lesbian group to use its facility for marriage ceremonies. The list goes on.;Stockwell Day;marriage
My parents did not have a perfect marriage. It was pretty good, but it was not perfect. My marriage is not perfect. My wife is, but I happen to be imperfect. However, that does not discount the fact that the definition of marriage must be defended and protected.;Stockwell Day;marriage
I have to be asked, I guess, but I love the idea of marriage. I think it's beautiful. I'm such a romantic, and I always have been.;Portia de Rossi;marriage
Marriage, in life, is like a duel in the midst of a battle.;Edmond About;marriage
There are many things that keep me from getting married. But there will be a time when marriage makes sense to me.;Adam Levine;marriage
I think marriage is ghastly.;Rupert Everett;marriage
I love the idea of marriage. I definitely want marriage and little Kellans running around.;Kellan Lutz;marriage
I don't know what my version of a relationship or marriage is yet, because the typical model seems a little broken to me.;Michelle Williams;marriage
In 1977 we played America and Europe three times, and Japan - my marriage suffered as a result. My then wife took the kids to Canada to be near her parents.;Phil Collins;marriage
I'd love to have First Lady Michelle Obama over and ask, 'How do you make your marriage work?' I think the president is sexy as all get-out, but he has got to get on her nerves some kind of way. He's this wonderful, powerful man, but she sees him leaving his socks on the floor.;Sherri Shepherd;marriage
Well, my view before was a Western view, and I certainly understand marriage equality and civil rights, equal rights for all, but having visited developing nations and some of the poorest nations in the world, I realize how deep it goes and how much work really needs to be done to create equality for all.;Jason Mraz;marriage
And in a marriage you can't TRY and be married. You're married or you're not married... as far as I'm concerned.;Ringo Starr;marriage
Success is hard in general for most women. We now have such busy lives, and we're told we can do everything - you know, we can have the relationship and the marriage and the kids and the career.;Cat Deeley;marriage
