Some very famous directors have started in the mail room, which is just getting inside the studio, getting to know people, getting to know the routine.;Kenneth Anger;famous
In New York, after that famous home run, they expected me to be up there every year. That homer raised me to a high level, with the top guys in the game.;Bobby Thomson;famous
You can get awful famous in this country in seven days.;Gary Hart;famous
When I was young, I did actually model and was much photographed by famous photographers. But I was always a bookworm.;Marina Warner;famous
Italian girls are famous for being snobby and expecting men to make the first move. In America, if I don't make eye contact, the guys won't come over and talk. American girls just go for it. You men are spoiled.;Silvia Colloca;famous
In France, we don't yet have the craft that American TV does or big studios like Paramount. It was so cool going through those famous gates when you have your own little pass and picture on it. Woo hoo, I'm going to work!;Lizzie Brochere;famous
I guess some people want to be performers because they want to be famous.;Jenny Slate;famous
People are famous for being famous and for nothing else. And good luck to them, because it lasts about a year and then they're nothing again.;Brian Johnson;famous
You get to be famous or have some notoriety and there are so many people who want a piece of you.;Oscar De La Hoya;famous
Hold on to that. You have an autograph. I'm going to be famous some day.;Haywood Nelson;famous
They eat the dainty food of famous chefs with the same pleasure with which they devour gross peasant dishes, mostly composed of garlic and tomatoes, or fisherman's octopus and shrimps, fried in heavily scented olive oil on a little deserted beach.;Luigi Barzini;famous
Persons famous in the arts partake of the immortality of princes, and are upon a footing with them.;Francis I;famous
The big thing that everyone forgets, you're famous and on TV and everything, but I think there's something very rewarding to be able to write a song, record it, and have it turn out as you heard it in your head, or even better.;Phil Collen;famous
Slowly but surely, we are acquiring that famous culture of democracy, which is our objective.;Paul Biya;famous
Indy makes the race driver. You become famous when you come here.;Rodger Ward;famous
Famous remarks are very seldom quoted correctly.;Simeon Strunsky;famous
More than anything else, my mother wanted to be an actress - a famous actress - which in the 1950s was all about being young, sexy, and available. She was all that, and more. She had big blue eyes, alabaster skin, a heart-shaped face, a beautiful figure. She was just a knockout.;Meredith Baxter;famous
Everyone always asks me, 'Do you want to be famous... ' I never really thought about becoming famous. I just want to work, to be able to put out inspiring and good film and TV.;Kim Shaw;famous
That save from Pele's header was the best I ever made. I didn't have any idea how famous it would become - to start with, I didn't even realise I'd made it at all.;Gordon Banks;famous
I still forgive him, because by doing what he did, he made it famous.;Alberto Korda;famous
I think the thing to remember, though, the next time you hear someone who is really certain that he is on the side of the angels, is that the idea of angels was created by human beings, who are famous for being frequently untrustworthy and occasional.;Jon Carroll;famous
Practically everyone in Hollywood has a neighbor who's been famous, wants to be famous, is famous, has been married to someone famous, worked with someone famous, slept with someone famous, been blackmailed by someone famous.;Jennifer Grey;famous
People should recognize who you are and how you can act rather then how famous you are.;Mae Whitman;famous
I don't see myself as famous at all so I'm continuing my life as normal.;Ashley Madekwe;famous
They can gas me, but I am famous. I have achieved in one day what it took Robert Kennedy all his life to do.;Sirhan Sirhan;famous
At the time when this famous historical battle was fought in Kosovo, the people were looking at the stars, expecting aid from them. Now, six centuries later, they are looking at the stars again, waiting to conquer them.;Slobodan Milosevic;famous
A nation that is afraid to let its people judge the truth and falsehood in an open market is a nation that is afraid of its people.;John F. Kennedy;fear
Pick the day. Enjoy it - to the hilt. The day as it comes. People as they come... The past, I think, has helped me appreciate the present - and I don't want to spoil any of it by fretting about the future.;Audrey Hepburn;fear
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.;Thomas Paine;fear
We fear violence less than our own feelings. Personal, private, solitary pain is more terrifying than what anyone else can inflict.;Jim Morrison;fear
What is needed, rather than running away or controlling or suppressing or any other resistance, is understanding fear that means, watch it, learn about it, come directly into contact with it. We are to learn about fear, not how to escape from it.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;fear
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear knowing what must be done does away with fear.;Rosa Parks;fear
We should not fret for what is past, nor should we be anxious about the future men of discernment deal only with the present moment.;Chanakya;fear
It is the strange fate of man, that even in the greatest of evils the fear of the worst continues to haunt him.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;fear
Love is what we were born with. Fear is what we learned here.;Marianne Williamson;fear
The first duty of man is to conquer fear he must get rid of it, he cannot act till then.;Thomas Carlyle;fear
A person's fears are lighter when the danger is at hand.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;fear
Fear stifles our thinking and actions. It creates indecisiveness that results in stagnation. I have known talented people who procrastinate indefinitely rather than risk failure. Lost opportunities cause erosion of confidence, and the downward spiral begins.;Charles Stanley;fear
I have never known any distress that an hour's reading did not relieve.;Charles de Montesquieu;fear
True nobility is exempt from fear.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;fear
Fear makes us feel our humanity.;Benjamin Disraeli;fear
There are many victories worse than a defeat.;George Eliot;fear
Fear is static that prevents me from hearing myself.;Samuel Butler;fear
One had to take some action against fear when once it laid hold of one.;Rainer Maria Rilke;fear
Prosperity is not without many fears and distastes adversity not without many comforts and hopes.;Francis Bacon;fear
There is no passion so contagious as that of fear.;Michel de Montaigne;fear
He that hopes no good fears no ill.;Thomas Fuller;fear
That man is prudent who neither hopes nor fears anything from the uncertain events of the future.;Anatole France;fear
To him who is in fear everything rustles.;Sophocles;fear
There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them.;Andre Gide;fear
We often pretend to fear what we really despise, and more often despise what we really fear.;Charles Caleb Colton;fear
There are times when fear is good. It must keep its watchful place at the heart's controls.;Aeschylus;fear
We have perhaps a natural fear of ends. We would rather be always on the way than arrive. Given the means, we hang on to them and often forget the ends.;Eric Hoffer;fear
I fear the Greeks, even when they bring gifts.;Virgil;fear
The thinner the ice, the more anxious is everyone to see whether it will bear.;Josh Billings;fear
The fear of becoming a 'has-been' keeps some people from becoming anything.;Eric Hoffer;fear
Everyone wishes that the man whom he fears would perish.;Ovid;fear
Minds that are ill at ease are agitated by both hope and fear.;Ovid;fear
I'd rather give my life than be afraid to give it.;Lyndon B. Johnson;fear
As a child, I was more afraid of tetanus shots than, for example, Dracula.;Dave Barry;fear
To pity distress is but human to relieve it is Godlike.;Horace Mann;fear
My 'fear' is my substance, and probably the best part of me.;Franz Kafka;fear
We fear things in proportion to our ignorance of them.;Christian Nestell Bovee;fear
Every man, through fear, mugs his aspirations a dozen times a day.;Brendan Francis;fear
Some movie stars wear their sunglasses even in church. They're afraid God might recognize them and ask for autographs.;Fred Allen;fear
He whom many fear, has himself many to fear.;Publilius Syrus;fear
Fear has many eyes and can see things underground.;Miguel de Cervantes;fear
There is no hope unmingled with fear, and no fear unmingled with hope.;Baruch Spinoza;fear
There is nothing that fear and hope does not permit men to do.;Luc de Clapiers;fear
You know, sometimes I feel well and vital in the world, and sometimes I just feel so distressed I want to pull my hair out by the roots.;Sharon Stone;fear
I have a fear of being boring.;Christian Bale;fear
I'm not at the point where I'd feel safe in a house alone. I would be really scared. I'm the kind of person that when I get up to go use the bathroom I have this big long hallway, and I just know someone's going to jump out and get me.;Britney Spears;fear
This is all you have. This is not a dry run. This is your life. If you want to fritter it away with your fears, then you will fritter it away, but you won't get it back later.;Laura Schlessinger;fear
Hate is the consequence of fear we fear something before we hate it a child who fears noises becomes a man who hates noise.;Cyril Connolly;fear
Do what you fear and fear disappears.;David Joseph Schwartz;fear
Slowness to change usually means fear of the new.;Phil Crosby;fear
By adversity are wrought the greatest works of admiration, and all the fair examples of renown, out of distress and misery are grown.;Samuel Daniel;fear
Nothing gives a fearful man more courage than another's fear.;Umberto Eco;fear
Great work is done by people who are not afraid to be great.;Fernando Flores;fear
We fear the thing we want the most.;Robert Anthony;fear
It is the perpetual dread of fear, the fear of fear, that shapes the face of a brave man.;Georges Bernanos;fear
An ugly sight, a man who is afraid.;Jean Anouilh;fear
Ultimately we know deeply that the other side of every fear is freedom.;Marilyn Ferguson;fear
Let the fear of danger be a spur to prevent it he that fears not, gives advantage to the danger.;Francis Quarles;fear
Courage is never to let your actions be influenced by your fears.;Arthur Koestler;fear
We should not be afraid to go into a new era, to leave the old beyond.;Zack Wamp;fear
Courage is a peculiar kind of fear.;Charles Kennedy;fear
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.;Dorothy Thompson;fear
Don't be afraid to give up the good for the great.;Kenny Rogers;fear
True success is overcoming the fear of being unsuccessful.;Paul Sweeney;fear
One thing about being successful is that I stopped being afraid of dying. Once you're a star you're dead already. You're embalmed.;Dustin Hoffman;fear
The mark of fear is not easily removed.;Ernest Gaines;fear
What we have most to fear is failure of the heart.;Sonia Johnson;fear
Fear tastes like a rusty knife and do not let her into your house.;John Cheever;fear
Fear is excitement without breath.;Robert Heller;fear
And the things that we fear are a weapon to be held against us.;Ian Rush;fear
I hasten to laugh at everything, for fear of being obliged to weep.;Pierre Beaumarchais;fear
A child understands fear, and the hurt and hate it brings.;Nadine Gordimer;fear
To fight fear, act. To increase fear - wait, put off postpone.;David Joseph Schwartz;fear
