People have to remain positive and believe in those dreams. It's really important.;Kirsty Coventry;dreams
Our citizens and those who have gone before us charted the broad outlines of where we need to go, and they would envy our opportunity to translate those dreams into action. And I believe they will judge us very harshly should we fail to act.;Dave Freudenthal;dreams
In my wildest dreams I never thought - well, I never thought I'd work.;Steve Carell;dreams
Dreams grow holy put in action.;Adelaide Anne Procter;dreams
Dreams take you beyond what you think you can do in life.;Vikram Chatwal;dreams
We can bring to characters dark and bright sides that nobody even dreams about.;Sonia Braga;dreams
When I walk up on that shore in Florida, I want millions of those AARP sisters and brothers to look at me and say, 'I'm going to go write that novel I thought it was too late to do. I'm going to go work in Africa on that farm that those people need help at. I'm going to adopt a child. It's not too late, I can still live my dreams.';Diana Nyad;dreams
It's not too late, I can still live my dreams.;Diana Nyad;dreams
If you choose not to pursue your dreams, you'll still be a part of a dream - only it will be someone else's.;Mike Hawkins;dreams
Dreams from 1991 are becoming reality. We will build good relations between nations and people. We will strive towards mutual respect and equality of every individual, sex, race and national or any other minority.;Janez Drnovsek;dreams
I love my early movies, but naturalism is an artist's early style. Now I want to deal with feelings, dreams, an acceptance of irrationality.;Irvin Kershner;dreams
We are selling dreams. We are merchants of happiness.;Bernard Loiseau;dreams
Every actor dreams of getting a big break, a big opportunity.;Liam McIntyre;dreams
The armored cars of dreams, contrived to let us do so many a dangerous thing.;Elizabeth Bishop;dreams
To become truly immortal, a work of art must escape all human limits: logic and common sense will only interfere. But once these barriers are broken, it will enter the realms of childhood visions and dreams.;Giorgio de Chirico;dreams
Ground not upon dreams you know they are ever contrary.;Thomas Middleton;dreams
They should hold themselves absolutely upon the immovable foundation of truth and nature, whereby alone they can save themselves from misapprehensions and from the danger of being entirely carried away from reality into mere dreams and fictions.;Ethan A. Hitchcock;dreams
The ideal of all Kosovo is membership in the E.U. and a permanent friendship with the United States. I believe and I am convinced our dreams will come true.;Atifete Jahjaga;dreams
We need affordable space travel to inspire our youth, to let them know that they can experience their dreams, can set significant goals and be in a position to lead all of us to future progress in exploration, discovery and fun. Thanks to the X Prize for the inspiration.;Burt Rutan;dreams
Books that distribute things... with as daring a freedom as we use in dreams, put us on our feet again.;Marsilio Ficino;dreams
When a child, my dreams rode on your wishes, I was your son, high on your horse, My mind a top whipped by the lashes Of your rhetoric, windy of course.;Stephen Spender;dreams
I adore this adventure, I adore working with youth. For me it's a daily challenge, working to help these youths realize their dreams.;Patrick Roy;dreams
All my dreams are coming true all across the board for some reason.;Jay Electronica;dreams
America allows us to be able to dream, then gives us the ability to achieve those dreams.;Rick Mears;dreams
Wide awake I can make my most fantastic dreams come true.;Lorenz Hart;dreams
I appreciate everything that has been done for me. After a difficult start, I've just followed my dreams.;Victor Ortiz;dreams
My mom taught me to go after my dreams. I have this faith in myself that I must have gotten from her.;Amy Jo Johnson;dreams
After all those days in the cotton fields, the dreams came true on a gold record on a piece of wood. It's in my den where I can look at it every day. I wear it out lookin' at it.;Carl Perkins;dreams
Let us keep the dance of rain our fathers kept and tread our dreams beneath the jungle sky.;Arna Bontemps;dreams
We are people with all the hopes, dreams, passions, and faults of everyone else. Eighty percent of us are born into families with no history of dwarfism.;Billy Barty;dreams
You don't get old until you replace dreams with regrets.;Troy Dumais;dreams
My new life goes beyond my dreams because my dream was Formula One and I achieved it. I'm a driver, I feel like a driver. I have won this race because I am alive.;Maria de Villota;dreams
War is eternity jammed into frantic minutes that will fill a lifetime with dreams and nightmares.;John Cory;dreams
In our dreams we are always young.;Sarah Louise Delany;dreams
But I am delighted to be a Dodger, I grew up a Dodger fan and now my dreams have really come true.;Milton Bradley;dreams
Don't be afraid of your dreams.;Jacques Parizeau;dreams
Tell me about yourself - your struggles, your dreams, your telephone number.;Peter Arno;dreams
When your dreams tire, they go underground and out of kindness that's where they stay.;Libby Houston;dreams
I'll see you in my dreams.;Gus Kahn;dreams
There are no dreams too large, no innovation unimaginable and no frontiers beyond our reach.;John S. Herrington;dreams
I would go to bed every night and have dreams about having a time machine and somehow I'd have the ability to move through time and space freely, and save Anne Frank.;Jeff Mangum;dreams
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.;Nelson Mandela;education
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education.;Albert Einstein;education
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.;Aristotle;education
My mother said I must always be intolerant of ignorance but understanding of illiteracy. That some people, unable to go to school, were more educated and more intelligent than college professors.;Maya Angelou;education
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.;Oscar Wilde;education
In the first place, God made idiots. That was for practice. Then he made school boards.;Mark Twain;education
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.;Robert Frost;education
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.;Benjamin Franklin;education
An education isn't how much you have committed to memory, or even how much you know. It's being able to differentiate between what you know and what you don't.;Anatole France;education
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.;Aristotle;education
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.;William Butler Yeats;education
Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;education
Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom.;George Washington Carver;education
Education is the best friend. An educated person is respected everywhere. Education beats the beauty and the youth.;Chanakya;education
A liberal education is at the heart of a civil society, and at the heart of a liberal education is the act of teaching.;A. Bartlett Giamatti;education
It is a thousand times better to have common sense without education than to have education without common sense.;Robert Green Ingersoll;education
I spent three days a week for 10 years educating myself in the public library, and it's better than college. People should educate themselves - you can get a complete education for no money. At the end of 10 years, I had read every book in the library and I'd written a thousand stories.;Ray Bradbury;education
He who opens a school door, closes a prison.;Victor Hugo;education
The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn and change.;Carl Rogers;education
Education is not preparation for life education is life itself.;John Dewey;education
The goal of education is the advancement of knowledge and the dissemination of truth.;John F. Kennedy;education
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance.;Will Durant;education
The doer alone learneth.;Friedrich Nietzsche;education
A human being is not attaining his full heights until he is educated.;Horace Mann;education
Education doesn't change life much. It just lifts trouble to a higher plane of regard.;Robert Frost;education
Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time.;Rabindranath Tagore;education
I would rather entertain and hope that people learned something than educate people and hope they were entertained.;Walt Disney;education
No one has yet realized the wealth of sympathy, the kindness and generosity hidden in the soul of a child. The effort of every true education should be to unlock that treasure.;Emma Goldman;education
Change is the end result of all true learning.;Leo Buscaglia;education
America is becoming so educated that ignorance will be a novelty. I will belong to the select few.;Will Rogers;education
Why should society feel responsible only for the education of children, and not for the education of all adults of every age?;Erich Fromm;education
The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future in life.;Plato;education
Education is a better safeguard of liberty than a standing army.;Edward Everett;education
The more that learn to read the less learn how to make a living. That's one thing about a little education. It spoils you for actual work. The more you know the more you think somebody owes you a living.;Will Rogers;education
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.;Malcolm Forbes;education
Data is not information, information is not knowledge, knowledge is not understanding, understanding is not wisdom.;Clifford Stoll;education
An educated person is one who has learned that information almost always turns out to be at best incomplete and very often false, misleading, fictitious, mendacious - just dead wrong.;Russell Baker;education
The illiterate of the future will not be the person who cannot read. It will be the person who does not know how to learn.;Alvin Toffler;education
Much education today is monumentally ineffective. All too often we are giving young people cut flowers when we should be teaching them to grow their own plants.;John W. Gardner;education
Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;education
Children have to be educated, but they have also to be left to educate themselves.;Ernest Dimnet;education
I am often amazed at how much more capability and enthusiasm for science there is among elementary school youngsters than among college students.;Carl Sagan;education
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship.;Aeschylus;education
The love of learning, the sequestered nooks, And all the sweet serenity of books.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;education
Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon.;Alexander Pope;education
Education, n.: That which discloses to the wise and disguises from the foolish their lack of understanding.;Ambrose Bierce;education
No man who worships education has got the best out of education... Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;education
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.;Daniel J. Boorstin;education
Learn to think continentally.;Alexander Hamilton;education
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence.;Abigail Adams;education
Learning, n. The kind of ignorance distinguishing the studious.;Ambrose Bierce;education
An educated man is thoroughly inoculated against humbug, thinks for himself and tries to give his thoughts, in speech or on paper, some style.;Alan K. Simpson;education
When I get a little money I buy books and if any is left I buy food and clothes.;Desiderius Erasmus;education
When a subject becomes totally obsolete we make it a required course.;Peter Drucker;education
To the uneducated, an A is just three sticks.;A. A. Milne;education
The whole purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows.;Sydney J. Harris;education
Poor people cannot rely on the government to come to help you in times of need. You have to get your education. Then nobody can control your destiny.;Charles Barkley;education
Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten.;B. F. Skinner;education
