I cannot persuade myself that a beneficent and omnipotent God would have designedly created parasitic wasps with the express intention of their feeding within the living bodies of Caterpillars.;Charles Darwin;god
We cannot fashion our children after our desires, we must have them and love them as God has given them to us.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;god
The God of this world is riches, pleasure and pride.;Martin Luther;god
Perhaps religious conscience upsets the designs of those who feel that the highest wisdom and authority comes from government. But from the beginning, this nation trusted in God, not man. Religious liberty is the first freedom in our Constitution.;Mitt Romney;god
Because one doesn't like the way things are is no reason to be unjust towards God.;Victor Hugo;god
I do not know myself, and God forbid that I should.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;god
I'm trying to make God more relevant in our society.;Joel Osteen;god
It is impossible to imagine the universe run by a wise, just and omnipotent God, but it is quite easy to imagine it run by a board of gods.;H. L. Mencken;god
Religions do a useful thing: they narrow God to the limits of man. Philosophy replies by doing a necessary thing: it elevates man to the plane of God.;Victor Hugo;god
Faith is deliberate confidence in the character of God whose ways you may not understand at the time.;Oswald Chambers;god
From the solemn gloom of the temple children run out to sit in the dust, God watches them play and forgets the priest.;Rabindranath Tagore;god
The voice of the people has been said to be the voice of God and, however generally this maxim has been quoted and believed, it is not true to fact. The people are turbulent and changing, they seldom judge or determine right.;Alexander Hamilton;god
When I see children, I see the face of God. That's why I love them so much. That's what I see.;Michael Jackson;god
The Word of God well understood and religiously obeyed is the shortest route to spiritual perfection. And we must not select a few favorite passages to the exclusion of others. Nothing less than a whole Bible can make a whole Christian.;Aiden Wilson Tozer;god
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved: It is God's finger on man's shoulder.;Charles Morgan;god
In the nineteenth century the problem was that God is dead. In the twentieth century the problem is that man is dead.;Erich Fromm;god
The theory seems to be that as long as a man is a failure he is one of God's children, but that as soon as he succeeds he is taken over by the Devil.;H. L. Mencken;god
Dear God! how beauty varies in nature and art. In a woman the flesh must be like marble in a statue the marble must be like flesh.;Victor Hugo;god
If God listened to the prayers of men, all men would quickly have perished: for they are forever praying for evil against one another.;Epicurus;god
No matter what looms ahead, if you can eat today, enjoy today, mix good cheer with friends today enjoy it and bless God for it.;Henry Ward Beecher;god
It is not a God, just and good, but a devil, under the name of God, that the Bible describes.;Thomas Paine;god
Anyone can count the seeds in an apple, but only God can count the number of apples in a seed.;Robert H. Schuller;god
I used to read five psalms every day - that teaches me how to get along with God. Then I read a chapter of Proverbs every day and that teaches me how to get along with my fellow man.;Billy Graham;god
If I am capable of grasping God objectively, I do not believe, but precisely because I cannot do this I must believe.;Soren Kierkegaard;god
If only God would give me some clear sign! Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank.;Woody Allen;god
The real democratic American idea is, not that every man shall be on a level with every other man, but that every man shall have liberty to be what God made him, without hindrance.;Henry Ward Beecher;god
God isn't compatible with machinery and scientific medicine and universal happiness. You must make your choice. Our civilization has chosen machinery and medicine and happiness.;Aldous Huxley;god
I'm most proud of the blessings that God has bestowed upon me, in my life. He's given me the vision to truly see that you can fall down, but you can still get back up. Hopefully I'll learn from my mistakes and have the opportunity to strengthen and improve the next thing I do.;Martin Lawrence;god
The dog is the god of frolic.;Henry Ward Beecher;god
Uncontrolled, the hunger and thirst after God may become an obstacle, cutting off the soul from what it desires. If a man would travel far along the mystic road, he must learn to desire God intensely but in stillness, passively and yet with all his heart and mind and strength.;Aldous Huxley;god
What gives me the most hope every day is God's grace knowing that his grace is going to give me the strength for whatever I face, knowing that nothing is a surprise to God.;Rick Warren;god
If God dropped acid, would he see people?;Steven Wright;god
Imagination is the voice of daring. If there is anything Godlike about God it is that. He dared to imagine everything.;Henry Miller;god
Find out how much God has given you and from it take what you need the remainder is needed by others.;Saint Augustine;god
We are not weak if we make a proper use of those means which the God of Nature has placed in our power... the battle, sir, is not to the strong alone it is to the vigilant, the active, the brave.;Patrick Henry;god
God appoints our graces to be nurses to other men's weaknesses.;Henry Ward Beecher;god
That God cannot lie, is no advantage to your argument, because it is no proof that priests can not, or that the Bible does not.;Thomas Paine;god
I believe in God, only I spell it Nature.;Frank Lloyd Wright;god
I think God's going to come down and pull civilization over for speeding.;Steven Wright;god
Charity never humiliated him who profited from it, nor ever bound him by the chains of gratitude, since it was not to him but to God that the gift was made.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;god
I think it pisses God off if you walk by the color purple in a field somewhere and don't notice it.;Alice Walker;god
Risk is a part of God's game, alike for men and nations.;Warren Buffett;god
The soles of Neil Armstrong's boots on the moon made permanent impressions on our souls and in our national psyche. Ann and I watched those steps together on her parent's sofa. Like all Americans we went to bed that night knowing we lived in the greatest country in the history of the world. God bless Neil Armstrong.;Mitt Romney;god
Men must be governed by God or they will be ruled by tyrants.;William Penn;god
I think people need to be educated to the fact that marijuana is not a drug. Marijuana is an herb and a flower. God put it here. If He put it here and He wants it to grow, what gives the government the right to say that God is wrong?;Willie Nelson;god
Forgiveness is not a feeling - it's a decision we make because we want to do what's right before God. It's a quality decision that won't be easy and it may take time to get through the process, depending on the severity of the offense.;Joyce Meyer;god
The chief contribution of Protestantism to human thought is its massive proof that God is a bore.;H. L. Mencken;god
Of all human activities, man's listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will.;Pope Paul VI;god
I know it's an experience that I need to have if God's putting me through it.;Lil Wayne;god
If I have any worth, it is to live my life for God so as to teach these peoples even though some of them still look down on me.;Saint Patrick;god
God gave us memory so that we might have roses in December.;James M. Barrie;god
God had brought me to my knees and made me acknowledge my own nothingness, and out of that knowledge I had been reborn. I was no longer the centre of my life and therefore I could see God in everything.;Bede Griffiths;god
Oh, God, I struggle with low self-esteem all the time! I think everyone does. I have so much wrong with me, it's unbelievable!;Angelina Jolie;god
One of the peculiar sins of the twentieth century which we've developed to a very high level is the sin of credulity. It has been said that when human beings stop believing in God they believe in nothing. The truth is much worse: they believe in anything.;Malcolm Muggeridge;god
We have come to a turning point in the road. If we turn to the right mayhap our children and our children's children will go that way but if we turn to the left, generations yet unborn will curse our names for having been unfaithful to God and to His Word.;Charles Spurgeon;god
How is it possible that a being with such sensitive jewels as the eyes, such enchanted musical instruments as the ears, and such fabulous arabesque of nerves as the brain can experience itself anything less than a god.;Alan Watts;god
The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.;Soren Kierkegaard;god
I will govern my life and thoughts as if the whole world were to see the one and read the other, for what does it signify to make anything a secret to my neighbor, when to God, who is the searcher of our hearts, all our privacies are open?;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;god
God lets you be successful because he trusts you that you will do the right thing with it. Now, does he get disappointed often? All the time, because people get there and they forget how they got it.;Steve Harvey;god
God made man to go by motives, and he will not go without them, any more than a boat without steam or a balloon without gas.;Henry Ward Beecher;god
There are joys which long to be ours. God sends ten thousands truths, which come about us like birds seeking inlet but we are shut up to them, and so they bring us nothing, but sit and sing awhile upon the roof, and then fly away.;Henry Ward Beecher;god
God pardons like a mother, who kisses the offense into everlasting forgiveness.;Henry Ward Beecher;god
God asks no man whether he will accept life. That is not the choice. You must take it. The only choice is how.;Henry Ward Beecher;god
There are matters in the Bible, said to be done by the express commandment of God, that are shocking to humanity and to every idea we have of moral justice.;Thomas Paine;god
When God desires to destroy a thing, he entrusts its destruction to the thing itself. Every bad institution of this world ends by suicide.;Victor Hugo;god
God's angels often protect his servants from potential enemies.;Billy Graham;god
I have offended God and mankind because my work didn't reach the quality it should have.;Leonardo da Vinci;god
Have faith in God God has faith in you.;Edwin Louis Cole;god
We steal if we touch tomorrow. It is God's.;Henry Ward Beecher;god
Theology is a science of mind applied to God.;Henry Ward Beecher;god
Mirth is the sweet wine of human life. It should be offered sparkling with zestful life unto God.;Henry Ward Beecher;god
The dog was created specially for children. He is a god of frolic.;Henry Ward Beecher;god
Sabbath - a weekly festival having its origin in the fact that God made the world in six days and was arrested on the seventh.;Ambrose Bierce;god
Only God who made us can touch us and change us and save us from ourselves.;Billy Graham;god
We can only learn to know ourselves and do what we can - namely, surrender our will and fulfill God's will in us.;Saint Teresa of Avila;god
You will reciprocally promise love, loyalty and matrimonial honesty. We only want for you this day that these words constitute the principle of your entire life and that with the help of divine grace you will observe these solemn vows that today, before God, you formulate.;Pope John Paul II;god
My religion encompasses all religions. I believe in God, I believe in the universe. I believe you are god, I believe I am god I believe the earth is god and the universe is god. We're all god.;Ray Bradbury;god
Just as in earthly life lovers long for the moment when they are able to breathe forth their love for each other, to let their souls blend in a soft whisper, so the mystic longs for the moment when in prayer he can, as it were, creep into God.;Soren Kierkegaard;god
To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god.;Napoleon Bonaparte;god
If the grace of God miraculously operates, it probably operates through the subliminal door.;William James;god
Faith, mighty faith, the promise sees, And looks to God alone Laughs at impossibilities, And cries it shall be done.;Charles Wesley;god
God has two dwellings one in heaven, and the other in a meek and thankful heart.;Izaak Walton;god
We may be surprised at the people we find in heaven. God has a soft spot for sinners. His standards are quite low.;Desmond Tutu;god
A religious man is a person who holds God and man in one thought at one time, at all times, who suffers harm done to others, whose greatest passion is compassion, whose greatest strength is love and defiance of despair.;Abraham Joshua Heschel;god
Not only does God play dice, but... he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen.;Stephen Hawking;god
God's mercy and grace give me hope - for myself, and for our world.;Billy Graham;god
The Bible tells us that God will meet all our needs. He feeds the birds of the air and clothes the grass with the splendor of lilies. How much more, then, will He care for us, who are made in His image? Our only concern is to obey the heavenly Father and leave the consequences to Him.;Charles Stanley;god
The god whom science recognizes must be a God of universal laws exclusively, a God who does a wholesale, not a retail business. He cannot accommodate his processes to the convenience of individuals.;William James;god
Your idol is shattered in the dust to prove that God's dust is greater than your idol.;Rabindranath Tagore;god
Be strong, believe in freedom and in God, love yourself, understand your sexuality, have a sense of humor, masturbate, don't judge people by their religion, color or sexual habits, love life and your family.;Madonna Ciccone;god
Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting.;Charles Kingsley;god
Call it Nature, Fate, Fortune all these are names of the one and selfsame God.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;god
Hope is the word which God has written on the brow of every man.;Victor Hugo;god
A universe with a God would look quite different from a universe without one. A physics, a biology where there is a God is bound to look different. So the most basic claims of religion are scientific. Religion is a scientific theory.;Richard Dawkins;god
God never made a promise that was too good to be true.;Dwight L. Moody;god
I can't prove it scientifically, that there's a God, but I believe.;Billy Graham;god
Healing rain is a real touch from God. It could be physical healing or emotional or whatever.;Michael W. Smith;god
As we become purer channels for God's light, we develop an appetite for the sweetness that is possible in this world. A miracle worker is not geared toward fighting the world that is, but toward creating the world that could be.;Marianne Williamson;god
As the poet said, 'Only God can make a tree,' probably because it's so hard to figure out how to get the bark on.;Woody Allen;god
