Only one thing can conquer war - that attitude of mind which can see nothing in war but destruction and annihilation.;Ludwig von Mises;attitude
It's not too good to have this attitude in F1. It could be a disadvantage.;Alain Prost;attitude
I just really think every job I do, I get this gypsy attitude to money.;Jessica Brown Findlay;attitude
My personal view is that such total planning by the state is an absolute good and not simply a relative good... I do not myself think of the attitude I take as deriving from Marx - though this undoubtedly will be suggested - but from Fichte and Hegel.;John Grierson;attitude
There's a punk-rock attitude, clearly, to 'Hated.' There's even a punk-rock attitude to 'The Hangover,' I think. We start the movie with a Glenn Danzig song.;Todd Phillips;attitude
The American attitude is 'We're the best'. That's why the NBA guys who come from other countries, the Europeans, all sort of stick together away from the game.;Andrew Bogut;attitude
The problem was just a mean attitude that festers and has to be challenged.;Major Owens;attitude
I'm not anti-fashion, but I've always had a bit of a punk attitude. That's important, I think. I do my own thing.;Sade Adu;attitude
To so enter into it in nature and art that the enjoyed meanings of life may become a part of living is the attitude of aesthetic appreciation.;George H. Mead;attitude
The traditional Christian attitude toward human personality was that human nature was essentially good and that it was formed and modified by social pressures and training.;Carroll Quigley;attitude
My parents have a strong work ethic, but their attitude to life, their philosophy, is: 'whatever makes you happy.';Sally Hawkins;attitude
Bob Altman had this relaxed but serious attitude. Everybody loved him. I wanted him to adopt me.;Steve Buscemi;attitude
The pool is terrible, but that doesn't have much to do with my record swims. That's all mental attitude.;Mark Spitz;attitude
Fame can be just so annoying because people are so critical of you. You can't just say, 'hi'. You say hi and people whisper' man did you see the way she said hi? What an attitude.;Juliette Lewis;attitude
My dad instilled in me a great sense of humor. I wasn't bullied at school because my outward attitude was confident, and that helps.;Warwick Davis;attitude
The attitude and capacity of the factory, the old metal table and the new ideas of the wooden furniture quickly and naturally suggested the possibility of metal furniture.;Donald Judd;attitude
You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on the continuing vitality of FORTRAN.;Alan Perlis;attitude
Let us change our traditional attitude to the construction of programs. Instead of imagining that our main task is to instruct a computer what to do, let us concentrate rather on explaining to human beings what we want a computer to do.;Donald Knuth;attitude
It goes without saying that the Jewish people can have no other goal than Palestine and that, whatever the fate of the proposition may be, our attitude toward the land of our fathers is and shall remain unchangeable.;Theodor Herzl;attitude
That attitude toward women as objects may have worked for the late Sixties, but it doesn't do so now.;John Schlesinger;attitude
The time I spent thinking about how I was better than somebody else or worrying about somebody else's attitude was time I could put to better use.;Charley Pride;attitude
I really believe you can predict when someone has a great attitude, a real well of talent.;Taylor Hackford;attitude
It is impossible to exaggerate the wide, and widening, gulf between the American attitude on the Iraq war and the view from our friends across the Atlantic.;Nick Clooney;attitude
As a team, you need to come from behind every once in awhile just to do it. Good for the attitude. It makes it exciting. And when everybody knows you have to throw it... that makes it fun too.;Dan Marino;attitude
I hope 'The Voice' has a fifteen-year run, don't get me wrong. But I come from nothing, and maybe it's the Irish in me, but my attitude is always like, 'They'll figure me out soon.';Carson Daly;attitude
Time plays a role in almost every decision. And some decisions define your attitude about time.;John Cale;attitude
'UFO's' attitude toward the subject is very similar to mine. It's not an advocacy its philosophy is more 'I want to believe this, but I want it proved.';Dwight Schultz;attitude
The music is first and foremost everything - no egos, no attitude, nothing - it's about the music.;Big Boi;attitude
But having said that, there's also a sea change in attitude towards media.;Robert McChesney;attitude
In the West, you have always associated the Islamic faith 100 percent with Arab culture. This in itself is a fundamentalist attitude and it is mistaken.;Youssou N'Dour;attitude
Jazz in itself is not struggling. That is, the music itself is not struggling... It's the attitude that's in trouble. My plays insist that we should not forget or toss away our history.;August Wilson;attitude
As the time goes by, you change, your learn new things, your attitude is different. For the moment, I'm still enjoying ski racing so much that it would be difficult for me to think about ending my career.;Hermann Maier;attitude
My attitude on skis is different now. I have learned to put less pressure on myself and on the edges of my skis when I'm racing, to be keep myself more under control.;Hermann Maier;attitude
Our attitude is that we want to cross over. You can't go on making records just for your own hometown.;Cheryl James;attitude
I do not share the half-in, half-out attitude to the EU of some in Britain. Britain's place is in Europe.;Peter Mandelson;attitude
I think that the U.S. does have this very much more open attitude, and I admire it very much and I think it's very important to the world. But the information and the discussion sometimes come too late, after the effective decision has been made.;E. P. Thompson;attitude
The Stones are a different kind of group. I realized that when I joined them. It's not really so much their musical ability, it's just they have a certain kind of style and attitude which is unique.;Mick Taylor;attitude
Even with, or perhaps, because of, this background, I have over the past few years sensed a very dramatic change in attitude on the part of Prince Edward Islanders towards the on-going rush for so-called modernization.;Alex Campbell;attitude
If you're looking for can-do, earthy-crunchy attitude then you've got to go to Wisconsin.;Dar Williams;attitude
When I was in my 20s it did occur to me that there was something perverted about an attitude that thought that killing somebody was a minor offence compared to kissing somebody.;John McGahern;attitude
You can have a laugh in Los Angeles, or you can weep in Los Angeles, depending on your attitude towards it.;Miranda Richardson;attitude
People are patronizing the theatres with renewed enthusiasm - there is an entire picnic-like attitude when families go out to see movies, which is a very good sign. They want to see larger-than-life characters on the big screen and not just watch movies on television or on DVDs.;Salman Khan;attitude
I just want to go in with the right attitude and from Day 1 make a difference.;Freddy Adu;attitude
The theatre only knows what it's doing next week, not like the opera, where they say: What are we going to do in five years' time? A completely different attitude.;Harrison Birtwistle;attitude
I'm not a music lover in the sense that I look for something to have on. I've never had that attitude to music.;Harrison Birtwistle;attitude
I think one of the things that language poets are very involved with is getting away from conventional ideas of beauty, because those ideas contain a certain attitude toward women, certain attitudes toward sex, certain attitudes toward race, etc.;Diane Wakoski;attitude
When you Google me, you'll find a lot of people don't like Richard Dreyfuss. Because I'm cocky and I present a cocky attitude. But no one has ever disagreed with the notion I represent, that we need more civic education. So far there's 100 percent support for that.;Richard Dreyfuss;attitude
My mother, she had a very good attitude toward money. I'm very grateful for the fact that we had to learn to save. I used to get like 50 pence a week, and I'd save it for like five months. And then I'd spend it on Christmas presents. I'd save up like eight pounds. It's nothing, but we did that.;Gemma Arterton;attitude
Too many people say to their brokers, I can't deal with this. Take my money. Do what you want. That's the worst attitude you can have.;Maria Bartiromo;attitude
If philosophy is practice, a demand to know the manner in which its history is to be studied is entailed: a theoretical attitude toward it becomes real only in the living appropriation of its contents from the texts.;Karl Jaspers;attitude
I am shocked by the easy attitude of many in the media towards disclosing our Nation's secrets.;Todd Tiahrt;attitude
I always give Lindsay so much credit for her tennis game, for her attitude, for her person, and because of how she deals with all the things. I don't think people give her enough credit for how well she's doing.;Martina Hingis;attitude
I don't know that I have any role models now that are fixed. Definitely my mom - she's the coolest. She's worked really hard her whole life and I just think she's got a great attitude. Moms just know so much it's so silly.;Larisa Oleynik;attitude
It's tricky. I've never been standing at the top of the tree with tons of money thrown at me. I've never really had a profile. So in a way I have this 'nothing to lose' attitude.;Joel Edgerton;attitude
Lead singers not only do the majority of the work, but their personalities are singled out and taken as the general attitude of the unit.;Martha Reeves;attitude
It's better for me to play with guys because Rock 'n' Roll has such an aggressive attitude.;Lita Ford;attitude
I think Nina Simone has had an amazing journey. She was spicy and she had attitude and she didn't care, she wanted her money in a paper bag and don't mess with me and I've been doing some research on that so.;Nia Long;attitude
I kind of resent this attitude of men that we somehow must always look good.;Sharon Gless;attitude
Bambi can't act. Bambi had major attitude.;Treat Williams;attitude
I'm a big fan of Courtney Love. I love Hole and I love her acting and I love her attitude. I just hope I never meet her in a dark alley.;Jeff Ross;attitude
I do support a sex-positive attitude for young people. Use condoms, that's important. I love the idea that promiscuity can be healthy but it's got some dodgy crevasses. Ooh, that's a bad reference! But it's got some dangerous cavities there. You know what I'm saying.;Rachael Taylor;attitude
The war changed everybody's attitude. We became international almost overnight.;W. Averell Harriman;attitude
As I wrote, I found that Aibileen had some things to say that really weren't in her character. She was older, soft-spoken, and she started showing some attitude.;Kathryn Stockett;attitude
I like England more than I did when I left. It's become a bit of a better country in the last ten years, in the attitude of it. A bit more Americanized, which is both good and bad. At least when you order a cup of coffee they don't give you a hard time.;Teddy Thompson;attitude
What a stupid attitude we have in this country to personal stories.;Amanda Burton;attitude
I have a Woody Allen Jewish attitude to life: that it's all going to be disastrous. That it hasn't all been that way is simply down to some random quirk of fate.;Antony Sher;attitude
My attitude toward graduate students was different, I must say. I used graduate students as colleagues: I gave them the best problems to work on, and I encouraged them.;Frank Press;attitude
Tommie Aaron taught me how to have a good attitude, to be easy going and not get uptight.;Dale Murphy;attitude
In aid, the proper attitude is one omitting gratitude.;Marya Mannes;attitude
In Scotland over many years we have cultivated through our justice system what I hope can be described as a 'culture of compassion.' On the other hand, there still exists in many parts of the U.S., if not nationally, an attitude towards the concept of justice which can only be described as a 'culture of vengeance.';Keith O'Brien;attitude
Any time I need to get a serious attitude adjustment, I put on one of their records, and there are examples there for all time to keep us honest and keep us reaching they'll never be eclipsed.;Benny Green;attitude
I always had the attitude that I wanted to throw a no-hitter every game.;Dennis Eckersley;attitude
I like actors that are good with pantomime and that can transmit a lot by their presence and attitude more than through their dialogue.;Guillermo del Toro;attitude
Having a child makes you strong and gives you chutzpah. It relaxed my attitude to the job my center of focus shifted, which I think is very helpful, because even if you're not a very indulgent actor you spend a lot of time thinking about yourself. I don't think that is particularly healthy.;Imelda Staunton;attitude
I always said punk was an attitude. It was never about having a Mohican haircut or wearing a ripped T-shirt. It was all about destruction, and the creative potential within that.;Malcolm Mclaren;attitude
Sid Vicious began the age of participation in which everyone could be the artist. Sid proved that you don't have to play well to be the star. You can play badly, or not even at all. I endorsed that attitude. If you can't write songs, no problem - simply steal one and change it to your taste.;Malcolm Mclaren;attitude
Abhorrence of apartheid is a moral attitude, not a policy.;Edward Heath;attitude
Every baseball crowd, like every theatre audience, has its own distinctive attitude and atmosphere.;Bill Veeck;attitude
Football is my profession now. I'm getting married in August... It's a new experience for me as someone just getting out of college. I still have the same attitude about football I always had. I play hard. I enjoy practice. I'd rather be throwing in passing drills than sitting around and watching TV.;Doug Flutie;attitude
The attitude we have towards our personal pets as opposed to the animals that suffer under the factory farm is hypocritical and delusional.;James Cromwell;attitude
Certain kinds of speed, flow, intensity, density of attacks, density of interaction... Music that concentrates on those qualities is, I think, easier achieved by free improvisation between people sharing a common attitude, a common language.;Evan Parker;attitude
I saw 'Taxi Driver,' and 'Taxi Driver' kind of saved my life. The scene where Robert De Niro is looking at himself in the mirror saying, 'You talkin' to me? You talkin' to me? Who the hell else are you talkin' to?' That's the scene that changed my life by changing my attitude about acting.;Michael Biehn;attitude
I've always been a guy who's pretty supportive, its just my nature, so I came in to the situation with the attitude that I wanted to support Johnny and make it work.;Rick Derringer;attitude
I thought I was going to be killed. The casualties were so heavy, it was just a given. I learned to take each day, each mission, as it came. That's an attitude I've carried into my professional life. I take each case, each job, as it comes.;Elliot Richardson;attitude
What has happened is that to some degree they have taken an attitude where they don't listen to demos of diverse subject matters. They're looking for demos like the record the guy on the left just did.;Grandmaster Flash;attitude
Here you do have forests, where pigs could be raised by letting them root about in the forests for a good part of the year. Therefore, you have a different attitude toward them compared with what continues to exist in the Middle East.;Marvin Harris;attitude
The attitude of physiological psychology to sensations and feelings, considered as psychical elements, is, naturally, the attitude of psychology at large.;Wilhelm Wundt;attitude
This generation... they have a different attitude. Instead of sitting and watching something, they want to be a part of it - they're very hedonistic and sensual.;Steve Wynn;attitude
We have become aware of the responsibility for our attitude towards the dark pages in our history. We have understood that bad service is done to the nation by those who are impelling to renounce that past.;Aleksander Kwasniewski;attitude
But I do think that we approach music, in of itself, with a religious attitude.;Jon Fishman;attitude
I think that generally music should be a positive thing, I like Bob Marley's attitude: he said that his goal in life was to single handedly fight all the evil in the world with nothing but music, and when he went to a place he didn't go to play, he went to conquer.;Jon Fishman;attitude
In 1977, at least, he wished to have people believe that he shared and was proud of an attitude toward women that is not acceptable in a politician. In 2003, all he has said is that he doesn't remember the interview.;Michael Kinsley;attitude
You'd like more people to recognise what you do is special. But I take the attitude that the best thing I can do for my sport is to be the best at it. The best way people will come to recognise that track and field is a great sport is to see athletes excelling at it. Which is what I intend to do.;Maurice Greene;attitude
So at a time in which the media give the public everything it wants and desires, maybe art should adopt a much more aggressive attitude towards the public. I myself am very much inclined to take this position.;Thom Mayne;attitude
Modern Orthodoxy has a highly positive attitude toward the State of Israel. Our Ultra-Orthodox brethren recognize only the Holy Land, but not the state.;Norman Lamm;attitude
I just try to try to keep an attitude that I don't know what I'm doing. Not to the point where I'm beating myself up, but I just go in thinking that I have a lot to learn. And I hope I still have that attitude 30 years from now.;Tobey Maguire;attitude
I'm not going to take this defeatist attitude and listen to all this crap any more from all these people who have nothing except doomsday to predict.;Carroll Shelby;attitude
A series of rumors about my attitude, as well as derogatory remarks about myself and my family showed me that the personal resentment of the Detroit general manager toward me would make it impossible for me to continue playing hockey in Detroit.;Ted Lindsay;attitude
Before 'Gangnam Style' I was not a good attitude artist.;PSY;attitude
