Academics tend to have wonderfully infantile senses of humor.;John Lithgow;humor
Probably it is impossible for humor to be ever a revolutionary weapon. Candide can do little more than generate irony.;Lionel Trilling;humor
A good actor is someone who knows how to take the part and make it real and make it honest and be effective in it. If it's in a funny movie and, as long as they are cast in an appropriate way, humor will come from it.;Ivan Reitman;humor
I think I've learned that if you want to be successful, you have to tell your story honestly and from your heart - and I think a healthy sense of humor doesn't hurt either.;Dorothea Benton Frank;humor
We're starting to push the envelope in terms of the expectations, and you can also have your own style, personality and sense of humor, because now we're allowed to.;Lisa Guerrero;humor
If I can't see the humor in it, how am I going to be funny?;Casey Affleck;humor
It's very hard to write humor.;Mark Strand;humor
Humor has become so cliche and boring that nothing's funny anymore unless it involves something totally disgusting that offends somebody or makes them feel really uncomfortable.;Tom DeLonge;humor
I don't need someone with a hot body. He can be fat or overweight and have a belly. It's very much about style and substance and humor, interest, curiosity and really being smart.;Kate Walsh;humor
Bands from Akron have a sense of humor and don't tend to take themselves too seriously.;Dan Auerbach;humor
Suspense is very important. Even though this is humor and they're short stories, that theory of building suspense is still there.;Sergio Aragones;humor
I've always chosen my band members based on their sense of humor. It might sound stupid, but it means not only are they fun to live with on a tour bus for years, but humor implies intelligence.;Kristin Hersh;humor
I am a great believer that what makes our show different is the humor.;Treat Williams;humor
Humor that is edgy is never squeaky clean.;Jeff Ross;humor
Athletes tend to have less of a sense of humor than most people. They are heroes to so many. That might be part of it.;Jeff Ross;humor
I always felt different as a kid, and the Kinks were like, 'Yeah, we're the Kinks.' Celebrate your difference don't be afraid of your sense of humor, or your personality, or who you are. It emboldened me.;Michael Weatherly;humor
There are psychological repercussions to illness and we need a little more help to get through the effects not only on the afflicted but on the family. And I think there's even a place for humor in that.;Alan Thicke;humor
I don't really dissect comedy. Nothing kills off humor more than overanalyzing it.;David Steinberg;humor
Humor has always been important to me. If there is a shield of faith that you can keep up against difficulties, humor is the Teflon coating.;Laurel Lee;humor
He has such a patronizing tone and manner, and such a sarcastic sense of humor. I found him rather brutal, a kind of elegant brutality which appealed. No, I think he came pretty much off the page.;Jeremy Northam;humor
I think I'm too cynical for L.A. My sense of humor doesn't go down well here, which probably affects my love life. I need to have a laugh track following me around so people know I'm trying to be funny.;Teddy Thompson;humor
Back in 2004, Kellie Overbey handed me her play 'Girl Talk' to read. I fell in love with her brutally delicious humor and the fearlessly deft way in which she drew her characters. They jumped off the page and begged me to give them a space in which to stomp around.;Carrie Preston;humor
Robert Walker as Bruno was excellent. He had elegance and humor, and the proper fondness for his mother.;Patricia Highsmith;humor
You can't do anything to be funny. That's cringeworthy. If your humor comes out of a place of love every time, you don't make the joke bigger than you. The funniest comedians are in touch with their emotional level.;John Krasinski;humor
I think it would be hard to go the distance in this business without a sense of humor.;Patricia Clarkson;humor
G.I. humor is similar to cop humor.;Nelson DeMille;humor
Humor is healing.;Brad Garrett;humor
There was a time I was very much blaming the way I felt on L.A, that it was a vacuum of creativity, of humor or anything organic, and I was really angry at the place. But then today I feel completely different - I love L.A.!;Naomi Watts;humor
All I try to do is as earnestly and as acutely as I can, conceive a character and try to portray this character just honestly. If the humor is within the absurdity and the awfulness of situations, then let it be seen that way.;Patrick Warburton;humor
But if you read Jane Austen, you know that she had a wicked sense of humor. Not only was she funny, but her early writing was very dark and had a gothic tone to it.;Seth Grahame-Smith;humor
I think it's because it's so different and it takes risks. Plus, it's really smart humor. It gives the audience credit in terms of not needing to tell them when to laugh. I love that about the show. There's no laugh track.;Sarah Chalke;humor
Humor is the ability to see three sides to one coin.;Ned Rorem;humor
The script was just the best I'd read in a long time and I love the humor, which I wasn't expecting, and I like the fact that my six year old daughter can see the show without being, you know, protected from it.;Stephen Collins;humor
I really wouldn't want to live in America. I found New York claustrophobic and dirty. I missed England when I was there, simple things like smells and the British sense of humor.;Jonny Lee Miller;humor
I think Damien Hirst is hilarious. And I think he's a true artist. He's not hilarious first I think he is a real artist, and I also think he's got an amazing sense of humor.;Jemima Kirke;humor
I think great humor lies in playing the truth of a situation.;Brendan Coyle;humor
I think great humor lies in playing the truth of a situation. I see myself as a performer and that applies to a Greek drama or a modern comedy.;Brendan Coyle;humor
But because it was able to balance that kind of humor with a sweet story and characters you really rooted for and also got across the girls' point of view, I've heard nothing but great things from younger and older females as well.;Jason Biggs;humor
Even people that I agree with can do something that would be a target for a bit of humor.;Jonathan Shapiro;humor
I'm not really big on slapstick humor. I like gentle humor.;Anjelica Huston;humor
If you can understand the humor in the drawing part you'll probably get the humor in the audio part.;Eric San;humor
Well, the most terrible fear that anybody should have is not war, is not a disease, not cancer or heart problems or food poisoning - it's a man or a woman without a sense of humor.;Jonathan Winters;humor
Kindness and a generous spirit go a long way. And a sense of humor. It's like medicine - very healing.;Max Irons;humor
I am a candid interview and I have a dark and dry sense of humor - a very Canadian sense of humor and I am only learning now stupidly that you can't read tongue. When I say something funny in a newspaper and I meant it to be funny, it doesn't read that way.;Michael Buble;humor
I am in the Master of Professional Writing program teaching Humor Writing, Literary and Dramatic.;Shelley Berman;humor
The man with the real sense of humor is the man who can put himself in the spectator's place and laugh at his own misfortune.;Bert Williams;humor
Humor is a social lubricant that helps us get over some of the bad spots.;Steve Allen;humor
I met Elton John at an Interview dinner, and we just sort of became friends. He's got such a wicked sense of humor.;Moby;humor
The combination of landing the biggest interview of my career and having a drill in my back reminds me that God only gives us what we can handle and that it helps to have a good sense of humor when we run smack into the absurdity of life.;Robin Roberts;humor
Rock Hudson wasn't my type. He's a great guy and had a great sense of humor.;Tab Hunter;humor
Think about scary movies: There's a fine line between horror and humor.;Roy Blount, Jr.;humor
People may think of Southern humor in terms of missing teeth and outhouse accidents, but the best of it is a rich vein running through the best of Southern literature.;Roy Blount, Jr.;humor
Sense of humor is important in life, not just in clothing. How boring to live a life in beige.;Jean Pigozzi;humor
I certainly didn't say while writing 'Gossip Girl,' 'Oh this is going to be big!' It was really like, 'Oh god, everyone's gong to hate these people! They're so bratty!' But I actually think what is so appealing about them is the humor in them.;Cecily von Ziegesar;humor
But it was this tough little character part that I was playing, a very funny little guy that I invented over a weekend, because I realized I was not contributing to the humor of this thing. And I had to do something.;Dabney Coleman;humor
All my jobs have been with food in one way or another since 1948. My parents were in the hotel business, and I just loved the warm hearted people who worked so hard with such good humor.;Graham Kerr;humor
My family has been amazing, and they understand how blessed I am. They've been able to keep my sense of humor.;Karen Duffy;humor
Humor was not important only for me, humor was important for this nation for centuries, to survive, you know.;Milos Forman;humor
Good humor isn't a trait of character, it is an art which requires practice.;David Seabury;humor
At NBC I wasn't really sure if the grandparents were going to get my sense of humor on a particular topic.;Tabitha Soren;humor
All the people who follow me on Twitter know my sense of humor. I sometimes forget the blogosphere will give it more weight than I intended.;Kurt Sutter;humor
I'm going to do a lot of weird stuff that's not going to be like me prancing around like an insane 12-year-old. I showed everybody that side of me and I think it's time to do different stuff, even when it comes down to the type of humor. I want to do some drier, weirder stuff.;Andy Milonakis;humor
I have a very dark sense of humor.;Andy Dick;humor
I love doing comedy. You don't get many good comedy scripts. They're rare. But, I do love playing comedy. Even in drama, I like to try to find the humor because I think it's very human.;Colm Meaney;humor
I failed to fulfill what should have been an interesting role. I couldn't take their formula and bring what I had, my humor, my ideas, and make it my own.;Dianne Wiest;humor
Men will confess to treason, murder, arson, false teeth, or a wig. How many of them will own up to a lack of humor?;Frank Moore Colby;humor
A lot of my humor centers on the act of telling jokes and I think this can prevent certain audiences from suspending their feeling of disbelief. It might piss a few people off, but I can't help it.;Michael Showalter;humor
I'm interested not just in projects that I'll be starring in, but producing film and TV that's really quality and great for adults and when I say 'great for adults,' it doesn't mean without humor, because I'm also interested in doing comedy.;Lance Reddick;humor
Those who knew Lincoln described him as an extraordinarily funny man. Humor was an essential aspect of his temperament. He laughed, he explained, so he did not weep.;Doris Kearns Goodwin;humor
I think that some books are more successful than others to certain readers. People who read my books for the humor, they're going to love one book. People who read my books for the mystery, they might not like that book quite as much.;Janet Evanovich;humor
You can get through very serious and sometimes horrible and sometimes embarrassing and very awkward situations with humor. It gives us a way out.;Janet Evanovich;humor
We don't appreciate the value of humor sometimes.;Janet Evanovich;humor
I've learned to have a sense of humor about myself. Lord knows everyone else does!;Debbie Gibson;humor
M*A*S*H offered real characters and everybody identified with them because they had such soul. The humor was intelligent and it always assumed that you had an intellect.;Loretta Swit;humor
We have always had gross humor. But we try for funny, not gross.;Shawn Wayans;humor
The quickest way to defuse fear or insecurity or anger is usually humor. I think comics figure that out quickly, and, once you figure it out, you think, 'Hey, if I can do this and get paid, that would be kind of cool.';Billy Gardell;humor
I often have said that to be a college president, you need a thick skin, a good sense of humor, and nerves like sewer pipes.;Gordon Gee;humor
Humor is imperative, more important than food. You have a choice when someone dies. You can lie down or get back into life. Do something for someone else.;Doris Roberts;humor
We have a certain warped sense of humor in Scandinavia, and that is what comes across in the choices in a lot of our movies.;Connie Nielsen;humor
When a chick has a sense of humor, there's nothing more attractive.;Dylan O'Brien;humor
The President has a wonderful sense of humor, which is one of the reasons it is so much fun to work for him.;Karen Hughes;humor
I don't have a very quick sense of humor.;Florenz Ziegfeld;humor
If a dog doesn't put you first where are you both? In what relation? A dog needs God. It lives by your glances, your wishes. It even shares your humor. This happens about the fifth year. If it doesn't happen you are only keeping an animal.;Enid Bagnold;humor
It's great to be able to connect parents with children both emotionally and through humor. I look forward to exploring family entertainment once again and examining the specifics of our day-to-day lives against the backdrop of an extraordinary adventure.;Jon Favreau;humor
And for my family, comedically, that was the key to a lot of the humor.;Damon Wayans;humor
Every time I've done comedy in, like, traditional comedy clubs, there's always these comedians that do really well with audiences but that the other comedians hate because they're just, you know, doing kind of cheap stuff like dancing around or doing, like, very kind of base sex humor a lot, and stuff like that.;Aziz Ansari;humor
There's something about Southern women that is so unique yet so universal. Strong southern women are allowed to be soft and feminine and have a sense of humor. But what I love about Southern women in particular is their universality.;Connie Britton;humor
I think that sense of humor is important in marriage. A sense of humor gets people through marriage.;Connie Britton;humor
The great thing about university is that they incline you to get up and do it, from the Classics to modern plays, to the humor that Monty Pythons made popular.;Michael York;humor
Once we got over the origin story, we could really delve deeper into their lives and characters and angst. So this movie actually has more heart, more humor.;Avi Arad;humor
Perhaps naively I thought people understand what humor was, that it was invented by the human race to cope with the dark areas of life, problems and terrors.;Bill Forsyth;humor
It's odd how violence and humor so often go together, isn't it?;Dan Simmons;humor
I've had a very laughable career and what has seen me through is my sense of humor.;Linda Gray;humor
It's self-effacing, it's hard-luck, the shtetl stories. All those Coasters things are an amalgam of Yiddish and black humor.;Jerry Leiber;humor
I like a very dry wit, not the big kind of humor like Robin Williams. I don't think I'm capable of that.;Chris Cooper;humor
And you know, whether it's drama or comedy, the best work is based on truth. It's just that, with comedy, the circumstances are just crazy-heightened, and you have these crazy things thrown at you. But you still have to do it truthfully, because that's where the humor comes from. So it's not that difficult to cross over.;Tony Hale;humor
I like dark humor. My favorite movie of all time is 'Harold and Maude.';Leslie Mann;humor
I'm not a traditional politician, and I have a sense of humor. I'll try to soften it and become boring, maybe even very boring, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to.;Silvio Berlusconi;humor
I want to be taken seriously as the type of musician that plays stuff like an electric rake. I mean, how seriously do you take someone like Spike Jones? They take him pretty seriously - a really good musician who made a great contribution in terms of humor, which is part of what I try to do too.;Eugene Chadbourne;humor
