I see that the path of progress has never taken a straight line, but has always been a zigzag course amid the conflicting forces of right and wrong, truth and error, justice and injustice, cruelty and mercy.;Kelly Miller;truth
Don't try to tear down other people's religion about their ears, Build up your own perfect structure of truth, and invite your listeners to enter in and enjoy it's glories.;Brigham Young;truth
People say they love truth, but in reality they want to believe that which they love is true.;Robert J. Ringer;truth
Somewhere between the intellectual idea of why we're attracted to certain things and the pragmatic reality is some form of ever-evolving truth.;Billy Corgan;truth
I want to go to bed richer than when I woke up. The pursuit of wealth is a wonderful thing, but the thing is you have to be honest about it, you have to tell the truth.;Kevin O'Leary;truth
The time has come to tell the truth about the corruption of the government employee unions in this country.;Newt Gingrich;truth
To me, horror is when I see somebody lying. I mean a person I know. A friend. And he's telling me something that I accept. And then suddenly, as he or she is telling it, there's something that gives them away. They're not telling me the truth.;Jonathan Frid;truth
Wallow too much in sensitivity and you can't deal with life, or the truth.;Neal Boortz;truth
People should be free, people should be unencumbered by regulation as much as possible, that big government always goes corrupt and the truth shall always set you free.;Glenn Beck;truth
It is a simple but sometimes forgotten truth that the greatest enemy to present joy and high hopes is the cultivation of retrospective bitterness.;Robert Menzies;truth
Truth springs from argument amongst friends.;David Hume;truth
Truth titillates the imagination far less than fiction.;Marquis de Sade;truth
If you're going to tell people the truth, be funny or they'll kill you.;Billy Wilder;truth
This is the way of peace: Overcome evil with good, falsehood with truth, and hatred with love.;Peace Pilgrim;truth
Only when we realize that there is no eternal, unchanging truth or absolute truth can we arouse in ourselves a sense of intellectual responsibility.;Hu Shih;truth
Death comes in a flash, and that's the truth of it, the person's gone in less than 24 frames of film.;Martin Scorsese;truth
Happiness is spiritual, born of truth and love. It is unselfish therefore it cannot exist alone, but requires all mankind to share it.;Mary Baker Eddy;truth
I always come from truth.;Tiger Woods;truth
I am a lie who always speaks the truth.;Jean Cocteau;truth
I hate talking about music, to tell you the truth.;Brian Eno;truth
If we bring not the good courage of minds covetous of truth, and truth only, prepared to hear all things, and decide upon all things, according to evidence, we should do more wisely to sit down contented in ignorance, than to bestir ourselves only to reap disappointment.;Frances Wright;truth
Always tell the truth - it's the easiest thing to remember.;David Mamet;truth
The truth is an ambition which is beyond us.;Peter Ustinov;truth
The truth is really an ambition which is beyond us.;Peter Ustinov;truth
Because you're not what I would have you be, I blind myself to who, in truth, you are.;Madeleine L'Engle;truth
God help us from those who believe that they are the sole possessors of truth. How we manage at times to agree willingly to become prisoners within our own minds and souls of beliefs and ideas on which we can never be flexible.;King Hussein I;truth
Because no matter what you say in life, the truth will always be the truth. You know when someone is telling the truth, you look in the eyes. I have a tendency to believe people.;Jean Claude Van Damme;truth
Of all liars the most arrogant are biographers: those who would have us believe, having surveyed a few boxes full of letters, diaries, bank statements and photographs, that they can play at the recording angel and tell the whole truth about another human life.;A. N. Wilson;truth
The truth is lived, not taught.;Hermann Hesse;truth
I'm one of those people you hate because of genetics. It is the truth.;Brad Pitt;truth
To become properly acquainted with a truth, we must first have disbelieved it, and disputed against it.;Novalis;truth
Comedy has to be based on truth. You take the truth and you put a little curlicue at the end.;Sid Caesar;truth
For truth has such a face and such a mien, as to be loved needs only to be seen.;John Dryden;truth
Any person seasoned with a just sense of the imperfections of natural reason, will fly to revealed truth with the greatest avidity.;David Hume;truth
To tell the truth is revolutionary.;Antonio Gramsci;truth
No matter how difficult and painful it may be, nothing sounds as good to the soul as the truth.;Martha Beck;truth
Argument is conclusive, but it does not remove doubt, so that the mind may rest in the sure knowledge of the truth, unless it finds it by the method of experiment.;Roger Bacon;truth
I have followed holiness, I have taught truth, and I have been most in the main things not that I thought the things concerning our times little, but that I thought none could do anything to purpose in God's great and public matters, till they were right in their conditions.;Donald Cargill;truth
Risk! Risk anything! Care no more for the opinions of others, for those voices. Do the hardest thing on earth for you. Act for yourself. Face the truth.;Katherine Mansfield;truth
Let us be a little humble let us think that the truth may not perhaps be entirely with us.;Jawaharlal Nehru;truth
I was not out to paint beautiful pictures even painting good pictures was not important to me. I wanted only to help the truth burst forth.;Alice Miller;truth
Every therapeutic cure, and still more, any awkward attempt to show the patient the truth, tears him from the cradle of his freedom from responsibility and must therefore reckon with the most vehement resistance.;Alfred Adler;truth
Pure truth cannot be assimilated by the crowd it must be communicated by contagion.;Henri Frederic Amiel;truth
Country music is three chords and the truth.;Harlan Howard;truth
Truth cannot be defeated.;Edwin Louis Cole;truth
One must be very particular about telling the truth. Through truth one can realize God.;Ramakrishna;truth
The poet is a liar who always speaks the truth.;Jean Cocteau;truth
Pithy sentences are like sharp nails which force truth upon our memory.;Denis Diderot;truth
Three chords and the truth - that's what a country song is.;Willie Nelson;truth
It's my experience that you really can't lose when you try the truth.;Sharon Stone;truth
I take work very seriously and telling the truth in my job and professionalism.;Brittany Murphy;truth
Truth is the ultimate power. When the truth comes around, all the lies have to run and hide.;Ice Cube;truth
The search for the truth is not for the faint hearted.;Vincent D'Onofrio;truth
Never underestimate people. They do desire the cut of truth.;Natalie Goldberg;truth
Evil is the interruption of a truth by the pressure of particular or individual interests.;Alain Badiou;truth
The Dharma is the truth that all natures are pure.;Bodhidharma;truth
I remember how being young and black and gay and lonely felt. A lot of it was fine, feeling I had the truth and the light and the key, but a lot of it was purely hell.;Audre Lorde;truth
Everybody now admits that apartheid was wrong, and all I did was tell the people who wanted to know where I come from how we lived in South Africa. I just told the world the truth. And if my truth then becomes political, I can't do anything about that.;Miriam Makeba;truth
Architecture is the reaching out for the truth.;Louis Kahn;truth
I believe in God, family, truth between people, the power of love.;Michael Landon;truth
The sad truth is that the civil rights movement cannot be reborn until we identify the causes of black suffering, some of them self-inflicted. Why can't black leaders organize rallies around responsible sexuality, birth within marriage, parents reading to their children and students staying in school and doing homework?;Henry Louis Gates;truth
I'll come to you with gifts of knowledge, wisdom and truth.;Barry White;truth
The oppressed peoples can liberate themselves only through struggle. This is a simple and clear truth confirmed by history.;Kim Il-sung;truth
When I saw corruption, I was forced to find truth on my own. I couldn't swallow the hypocrisy.;Barry White;truth
I have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats. I tell them the truth and they never believe me.;Camillo di Cavour;truth
Do not love leisure. Waste not a minute. Be bold. Realize the Truth, here and now!;Swami Sivananda;truth
I will make a bargain with the Republicans. If they will stop telling lies about Democrats, we will stop telling the truth about them.;Adlai Stevenson;truth
I'm a person that just likes to speak the truth, and I don't understand why in America it's such a big deal that we won't read the Koran and we won't look at history.;Pat Robertson;truth
Some artists shrink from self-awareness, fearing that it will destroy their unique gifts and even their desire to create. The truth of the matter is quite opposite.;James Broughton;truth
Some people are desperately looking for scapegoats, they just don't want to see the truth!;Jonathan Davis;truth
Poetry is a political act because it involves telling the truth.;June Jordan;truth
Truth engenders hatred of truth. As soon as it appears, it is the enemy.;Tertullian;truth
There are lots of people out there who think they know the truth about God and religion, but does anybody really know for sure? That's why the founding fathers built freedom of religious belief into the structure of this nation, so that everybody could make up their minds for themselves.;Jesse Ventura;truth
In the process of telling the truth about what you feel or what you see, each of us has to get in touch with himself or herself in a really deep, serious way.;June Jordan;truth
Gradually I came to realize that people will more readily swallow lies than truth, as if the taste of lies was homey, appetizing: a habit.;Martha Gellhorn;truth
Let me get you to understand I don't bully anybody. I stand up for what I believe in and I'm very honest and I always tell the truth. I'm not a liar, I'm not manipulative and I don't stab you in your back because I will stab you in your chest.;NeNe Leakes;truth
The truth is that many people set rules to keep from making decisions.;Mike Krzyzewski;truth
The Pledge of Allegiance reflects the truth that faith in God has played a significant role in America since the days of the founding of our country.;Randy Neugebauer;truth
Every so often, I feel I should graduate to classical music, properly. But the truth is, I'm more likely to listen to rock music.;Tony Blair;truth
Not that I regret saying what I believed to be the truth, but I regret anything that I might have written or spoken that could have been used in a way to help to foster that atmosphere out of which came the loss of life of Brother Malcolm.;Louis Farrakhan;truth
Attempting to get at truth means rejecting stereotypes and cliches.;Harold Evans;truth
OK, so truth hurts - but what else does truth do?;Teena Marie;truth
A biblical false prophet was a servant of the devil attempting to lead people away from the truth.;Walter Martin;truth
There is no excuse for perjury - never, never, never. There is truth, and the truth demands respect.;Kenneth Starr;truth
Truth is exact correspondence with reality.;Paramahansa Yogananda;truth
There are two ways of lying. One, not telling the truth and the other, making up statistics.;Josefina Vazquez Mota;truth
The second one, the joint Truth and Friendship Commission, which we started now with Indonesia, that is the one that has been criticized its terms of reference call for providing amnesty for those who cooperate in telling the truth. It does not lead to prosecution.;Jose Ramos-Horta;truth
Not every truth is the better for showing its face undisguised and often silence is the wisest thing for a man to heed.;Pindar;truth
The truth is that men are tired of liberty.;Benito Mussolini;truth
Everybody in America is soft, and hates conflict. The cure for this, both in politics and social life, is the same - hardihood. Give them raw truth.;John Jay Chapman;truth
Beauty is but the sensible image of the Infinite. Like truth and justice it lives within us like virtue and the moral law it is a companion of the soul.;George Bancroft;truth
There is no original truth, only original error.;Gaston Bachelard;truth
In order to maintain an untenable position, you have to be actively ignorant. One motto on the show is, 'Keep your facts, I'm going with the truth.';Stephen Colbert;truth
The truth of the matter is, beauty is a specific thing, rare and fleeting. Some of us have it in our teens, 20s and 30s and then lose it most of us have it not at all. And that's perfectly okay. But lying to yourself that you have it when you don't seems to me simple-minded at best and psychotic at worst.;Julie Burchill;truth
We are volcanoes. When we women offer our experience as our truth, as human truth, all the maps change. There are new mountains.;Ursula K. Le Guin;truth
Then I despair... I remember that all through history, the way of truth and love has always won. There have been murderers and tyrants, and for a time they can seem invincible. But in the end they always fall. Think of it always.;Andre Malraux;truth
The logic of the world is prior to all truth and falsehood.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;truth
It is only through such real-life daily struggles and challenges that a genuine sensitivity to human rights can be inculcated. This is a truth that is not limited to school education: it applies to all of us.;Daisaku Ikeda;truth
Ideas are, in truth, force.;Henry James;truth
