I've been dating younger men since my 20s, When I was 29, I dated someone 21... younger men are just more fun. I like their energy. I've always been kind of young for my age.;Dana Delany;dating
I'm enjoying dating. I'm single, though, I'm not in a relationship.;Matt Czuchry;dating
I grew up between the two world wars and received a rather solid general education, the kind middle class children enjoyed in a country whose educational system had its roots dating back to the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy.;George Andrew Olah;dating
My original inspiration was my mom: a few years after the death of my dad, she started dating one my teachers!;Meg Cabot;dating
I think a nice romantic dinner should be saved for when you and the girl you're dating or seeing have something special and it's a more special occasion.;Ben Savage;dating
Frankly, the reason I joined MENSA is because I was dating a guy at the time who spoke five languages and could solve a Rubik's Cube literally with his eyes closed because it's just an algorithm.;Ashley Rickards;dating
I don't talk about who I'm dating because when you break up, you wind up reliving it in the media.;Bridget Fonda;dating
I'm the one who's dating the craft-service guy instead of the producer. Plus, if a producer is going to date a hot young thing, I'm probably not the first person on their list - the weird, quirky, funny girl.;Whitney Cummings;dating
I don't really talk about my personal life. It's a strange and funny and weird thing. Sometimes you have a conversation with someone and the paparazzi snaps a picture of you and people decide you're dating. If I try to answer everything people say, I would be up all night.;Tracee Ellis Ross;dating
I was dating a guy that was a huge wrestling fan and I'm embarrassed to say it now but I used to make fun of him for watching it.;Torrie Wilson;dating
I got that experience through dating dozens of men for six years after college, getting an entry level magazine job at 21, working in the fiction department at Good Housekeeping and then working as a fashion editor there as well as writing many articles for the magazine.;Judith Krantz;dating
I'm a bad dater - I'm just not good at it. It's so weird dating in this town. It's like high school. I get a lot of people who have their publicist call my agent to ask, 'Is she dating anyone?';Jules Asner;dating
The Peking man was a thinking being, standing erect, dating to the beginning of the Ice Age.;Davidson Black;dating
A man who won't die for something is not fit to live.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;death
To be idle is a short road to death and to be diligent is a way of life foolish people are idle, wise people are diligent.;Buddha;death
The fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears, for there's no risk of accident for someone who's dead.;Albert Einstein;death
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.;Mark Twain;death
Death is no more than passing from one room into another. But there's a difference for me, you know. Because in that other room I shall be able to see.;Helen Keller;death
What we have done for ourselves alone dies with us what we have done for others and the world remains and is immortal.;Albert Pike;death
I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it.;Mark Twain;death
No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new.;Steve Jobs;death
Our dead are never dead to us, until we have forgotten them.;George Eliot;death
While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die.;Leonardo da Vinci;death
Life is hard. Then you die. Then they throw dirt in your face. Then the worms eat you. Be grateful it happens in that order.;David Gerrold;death
Suicide is man's way of telling God, 'You can't fire me - I quit.';Bill Maher;death
I saw few die of hunger of eating, a hundred thousand.;Benjamin Franklin;death
Death most resembles a prophet who is without honor in his own land or a poet who is a stranger among his people.;Khalil Gibran;death
Let no one weep for me, or celebrate my funeral with mourning for I still live, as I pass to and fro through the mouths of men.;Quintus Ennius;death
The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;death
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;death
Die, v.: To stop sinning suddenly.;Elbert Hubbard;death
A friend who dies, it's something of you who dies.;Gustave Flaubert;death
No one can confidently say that he will still be living tomorrow.;Euripides;death
They tell us that suicide is the greatest piece of cowardice... that suicide is wrong when it is quite obvious that there is nothing in the world to which every man has a more unassailable title than to his own life and person.;Arthur Schopenhauer;death
I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure.;Clarence Darrow;death
For death is no more than a turning of us over from time to eternity.;William Penn;death
A dying man needs to die, as a sleepy man needs to sleep, and there comes a time when it is wrong, as well as useless, to resist.;Stewart Alsop;death
Dying is easy, it's living that scares me to death.;Annie Lennox;death
Death will be a great relief. No more interviews.;Katharine Hepburn;death
I decided to devote my life to telling the story because I felt that having survived I owe something to the dead. and anyone who does not remember betrays them again.;Elie Wiesel;death
I am become death, the destroyer of worlds.;J. Robert Oppenheimer;death
I've told my children that when I die, to release balloons in the sky to celebrate that I graduated. For me, death is a graduation.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;death
Those who have the strength and the love to sit with a dying patient in the silence that goes beyond words will know that this moment is neither frightening nor painful, but a peaceful cessation of the functioning of the body.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;death
Man always dies before he is fully born.;Erich Fromm;death
From my rotting body, flowers shall grow and I am in them and that is eternity.;Edvard Munch;death
When you're dead, you're dead. That's it.;Marlene Dietrich;death
I had seen birth and death but had thought they were different.;T. S. Eliot;death
Death is a very dull, dreary affair, and my advice to you is to have nothing whatsoever to do with it.;W. Somerset Maugham;death
Because of indifference, one dies before one actually dies.;Elie Wiesel;death
Millions long for immortality who don't know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.;Susan Ertz;death
Call no man happy till he is dead.;Aeschylus;death
Do not fear death so much but rather the inadequate life.;Bertolt Brecht;death
Cursed is the man who dies, but the evil done by him survives.;Abu Bakr;death
A man does not die of love or his liver or even of old age he dies of being a man.;Miguel de Unamuno;death
Birth and death we all move between these two unknowns.;Bryant H. McGill;death
Some people are so afraid do die that they never begin to live.;Henry Van Dyke;death
Life is better than death, I believe, if only because it is less boring, and because it has fresh peaches in it.;Alice Walker;death
To himself everyone is immortal he may know that he is going to die, but he can never know that he is dead.;Samuel Butler;death
Pale Death beats equally at the poor man's gate and at the palaces of kings.;Horace;death
Men fear death as children fear to go in the dark and as that natural fear in children is increased by tales, so is the other.;Francis Bacon;death
Since the day of my birth, my death began its walk. It is walking toward me, without hurrying.;Jean Cocteau;death
It is possible to provide security against other ills, but as far as death is concerned, we men live in a city without walls.;Epicurus;death
The dead cannot cry out for justice. It is a duty of the living to do so for them.;Lois McMaster Bujold;death
The timing of death, like the ending of a story, gives a changed meaning to what preceded it.;Mary Catherine Bateson;death
Of all the gods only death does not desire gifts.;Aeschylus;death
'Tis very certain the desire of life prolongs it.;Lord Byron;death
Time rushes towards us with its hospital tray of infinitely varied narcotics, even while it is preparing us for its inevitably fatal operation.;Tennessee Williams;death
Love and death are the two great hinges on which all human sympathies turn.;B. R. Hayden;death
Everything that gets born dies.;Morrie Schwartz;death
Some men are alive simply because it is against the law to kill them.;E. W. Howe;death
The idea is to die young as late as possible.;Ashley Montagu;death
Death is the last enemy: once we've got past that I think everything will be alright.;Alice Thomas Ellis;death
I shall not die of a cold. I shall die of having lived.;Willa Cather;death
All our knowledge merely helps us to die a more painful death than animals that know nothing.;Maurice Maeterlinck;death
Healthy children will not fear life if their elders have integrity enough not to fear death.;Erik H. Erikson;death
Nothing that is really good and God-like dies.;Ernst Moritz Arndt;death
Death borders upon our birth, and our cradle stands in the grave.;Joseph Hall;death
Any man who has $10,000 left when he dies is a failure.;Errol Flynn;death
The words of a dead man are modified in the guts of the living.;W. H. Auden;death
Death is always around the corner, but often our society gives it inordinate help.;Carter Burwell;death
Man dies of cold, not of darkness.;Miguel de Unamuno;death
All architects want to live beyond their deaths.;Philip Johnson;death
He who doesn't fear death dies only once.;Giovanni Falcone;death
It was a time when only the dead smiled, happy in their peace.;Anna Akhmatova;death
If you don't have any fight in you, you might as well be dead.;Scott Caan;death
Even at our birth, death does but stand aside a little. And every day he looks towards us and muses somewhat to himself whether that day or the next he will draw nigh.;Robert Bolt;death
Death's in the good-bye.;Anne Sexton;death
For me, habit is just a synonym for death.;Juliette Binoche;death
He who is completely sanctified, or cleansed from all sin, and dies in this state, is fit for glory.;Adam Clarke;death
We cannot banish dangers, but we can banish fears. We must not demean life by standing in awe of death.;David Sarnoff;death
When faith is lost, when honor dies, the man is dead.;John Greenleaf Whittier;death
John Candy knew he was going to die. He told me on his 40th birthday. He said, well, Maureen, I'm on borrowed time.;Maureen O'Hara;death
Hell, madam, is to love no longer.;Georges Bernanos;death
Death is the tyrant of the imagination.;Barry Cornwall;death
The death of what's dead is the birth of what's living.;Arlo Guthrie;death
Tradition demands that we not speak poorly of the dead.;Daniel Barenboim;death
Fling but a stone, the giant dies.;Matthew Green;death
I do not agree with what you have to say, but I'll defend to the death your right to say it.;Voltaire;death
A nation or civilization that continues to produce soft-minded men purchases its own spiritual death on the installment plan.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;death
