I came to water late. I learned to swim at the age of 20.;Liam Neeson;age
People are so busy dreaming the American Dream, fantasizing about what they could be or have a right to be, that they're all asleep at the switch. Consequently we are living in the Age of Human Error.;Florence King;age
I was getting hot flashes and sweats on a regular basis. That's not normal, even for my age.;Kareem Abdul-Jabbar;age
I remember at the age of five travelling on a trolley car with my mother past a group of women on a picket line at a textile plant, seeing them being viciously beaten by security people. So that kind of thing stayed with me.;Noam Chomsky;age
Age is not all decay it is the ripening, the swelling, of the fresh life within, that withers and bursts the husk.;George MacDonald;age
I knew at a young age, whether I was playing baseball or hockey or lacrosse, that my teammates were counting on me, whether it be to strike the last batter out in a baseball game or score a big goal in a hockey game.;Wayne Gretzky;age
The funniest racism is the racism between minorities. It's something you don't see dramatized, but almost every minority I know who's my age, they have these funny stories about their parents stereotyping other minorities.;Mindy Kaling;age
It's ironic that at age 32, at probably the greatest moment of my career, with The Godfather having such an enormous success, I wasn't even aware of it, because I was somewhere else under the deadline again.;Francis Ford Coppola;age
I'm asked all the time in interviews about who I am, and I know a few people my age who have a strong sense of self, but I couldn't say I know myself and sum it up and give it to you in a little package. I don't know myself at all yet.;Kristen Stewart;age
Alexander at the head of the world never tasted the true pleasure that boys of his own age have enjoyed at the head of a school.;Horace Walpole;age
To separate children from others of similar age and qualifications solely because of their race generates a feeling of inferiority as to their status in the community that may affect their hearts and minds in a way unlikely ever to be undone.;Earl Warren;age
In an age of incompetence, I've been able to last in this crazy business. I actually know how to play my ax and write a song. That's my job.;Billy Joel;age
In this age of media and Internet access, we are much more talkative than ever before.;David Duchovny;age
Over the years Woodstock got glorified and romanticised and became the event that symbolised Utopia. It's the last page of our collective memory of the age of innocence. Then things turned ugly and would never be the same again.;Ang Lee;age
Every time I see something terrible, it's like I see it at age 19. I keep a freshness that way.;Ralph Nader;age
I hate to mention age, but I come from an era when we weren't consumed by technology and television.;Jimmy Buffett;age
We are approaching a new age of synthesis. Knowledge cannot be merely a degree or a skill... it demands a broader vision, capabilities in critical thinking and logical deduction without which we cannot have constructive progress.;Li Ka Shing;age
Morality comes with the sad wisdom of age, when the sense of curiosity has withered.;Graham Greene;age
Every age yearns for a more beautiful world. The deeper the desperation and the depression about the confusing present, the more intense that yearning.;Johan Huizinga;age
To be told that one can be dependent on one's parents until age 26 should strike a young person who wants to grow up as demeaning, not as something to celebrate.;Dennis Prager;age
Does age matter? Time doesn't matter.;Sandra Bullock;age
I figured out it was a social thing, what women were allowed to do. At a very young age, I decided I was not going to follow women's rules.;Joan Jett;age
We were really grown up for our age and it was an incredible special band.;Joan Jett;age
Age is the first limitation on roles that I've ever had to encounter, and I hit that awhile ago.;Jack Nicholson;age
I can't hit on women in public any more. I didn't decide this it just doesn't feel right at my age.;Jack Nicholson;age
This is the first age that's ever paid much attention to the future, which is a little ironic since we may not have one.;Arthur C. Clarke;age
I feel we live in the kind of culture now where you have to be very smart to navigate the right way, and I just don't have those smarts. I think with age and time it will change, but I can't obsess about it.;Sienna Miller;age
The secret of long life is double careers. One to about age sixty, then another for the next thirty years.;David Ogilvy;age
I knew at an early age I wanted to act. Acting was always easy for me. I don't believe in predestination, but I do believe that once you get where ever it is you are going, that is where you were going to be.;Morgan Freeman;age
The age in which we live, this non-stop distraction, is making it more impossible for the young generation to ever have the curiosity or discipline... because you need to be alone to find out anything.;Vivienne Westwood;age
I can feel the 60S looming. In my profession, I've just moved along with my age. By thinking in decades, rather than whether someone's 42 or 47, you can give yourself a whole 10 years to turn yourself around in.;Francesca Annis;age
We all know now that people can look good for their age. It isn't so extraordinary, I don't know why people go on about it so much.;Francesca Annis;age
A lot of music you might listen to is pretty vapid, it doesn't always deal with our deeper issues. These are the things I'm interested in now, particularly at my age.;Annie Lennox;age
Life expectancy in many parts of Africa can be something around the age of thirty five to thirty eight. I mean you're very fortunate if you live to that age. In fact when I went to Uganda for the first time one of the things that occurred to me was that I saw very few elderly people.;Annie Lennox;age
Light and funny has a more compelling quality when you're younger. But I haven't abandoned the genre: I love falling down I love Lucille Ball. It's just that a lot of those stories revolve around problems that I can't convincingly portray at this age.;Julia Roberts;age
I had the good fortune to be able to right an injustice that I thought was being heaped on young people by lowering the voting age, where you had young people that were old enough to die in Vietnam but not old enough to vote for their members of Congress that sent them there.;Birch Bayh;age
The value of old age depends upon the person who reaches it. To some men of early performance it is useless. To others, who are late to develop, it just enables them to finish the job.;Thomas Hardy;age
I've gotten crankier in my old age.;Shirley MacLaine;age
I've been very competitive by nature from a young age, whether it was eating a bowl of pasta faster than somebody else, or always wanting to be the first one in line.;Maria Sharapova;age
Death comes not to the living soul, nor age to the loving heart.;Phoebe Cary;age
I'm not busy... a woman with three children under the age of 10 wouldn't think my schedule looked so busy.;Garrison Keillor;age
High expectations weren't nurtured in my neck of nowhere back then - children weren't fawned over from an early age as 'gifted' and groomed for a prizewinning future self-esteem was considered something you had to pick from the garden yourself.;James Wolcott;age
Not by age but by capacity is wisdom acquired.;Plautus;age
Whoever marries the spirit of this age will find himself a widower in the next.;William Ralph Inge;age
Of middle age the best that can be said is that a middle-aged person has likely learned how to have a little fun in spite of his troubles.;Don Marquis;age
Old age is always wakeful as if, the longer linked with life, the less man has to do with aught that looks like death.;Herman Melville;age
What I think is amazing is not that 85% of people who get married under the age of 25 get divorced, it's that 15% of them stay together. How did they manage to pull that off? You almost can't wait too long. It's the single simplest measure to predict divorce.;Elizabeth Gilbert;age
I avoid talking before the youth of the age as I would dancing before them: for if one's tongue don't move in the steps of the day, and thinks to please by its old graces, it is only an object of ridicule.;Horace Walpole;age
I'm glad I was born when I was. My time was the golden age of variety. If I were starting out again now, maybe things would happen for me, but it certainly would not be on a variety show with 28 musicians, 12 dancers, two major guest stars, 50 costumes a week by Bob Mackie. The networks just wouldn't spend the money today.;Carol Burnett;age
I was taught from a young age that many people would treat me as a second-class citizen because I was African-American and because I was female.;Queen Latifah;age
Even from a very early age, I knew I didn't want to miss out on anything life had to offer just because it might be considered dangerous.;Nicole Kidman;age
We live in an age where anonymity is growing in magnitude like a bomb going off.;Jock Sturges;age
I was a mixture of being incredibly old for my age and incredibly backwards. I was born quite old, but then I stopped growing. I lived with my mum and dad till I was 30.;Helena Bonham Carter;age
The Word of fire burns today On the lips of our prophets in an evil age.;Margaret Walker;age
What is wrong with the Iranians in addition to the nuclear bomb? This is the only country on Earth in the 21st century that has renewed imperialistic ambitions. They really want to become the hegemon of the Middle East in an age that gave up imperialism.;Shimon Peres;age
I think it's quite extraordinary that people cast me as if I'm Warren Beatty: until I met my present wife, at the age of 35, you could name two girlfriends.;Colin Firth;age
Craziest thing I've done for love is getting married. I think it's crazy. I think it's crazy, crazy, crazy. I'm never going to say I wouldn't do it again but I have to make sure it's love and not settling for the 'I have to do this by a certain age,' which is kind of what I did.;Jenny McCarthy;age
You never choose the way that you're raised, it's just the way that you were raised, but you do get to a certain age where you're in a position to question the expectations of you and the way that you've been formed by your surroundings.;Mia Wasikowska;age
We tried not to age, but time had its rage.;Pete Townshend;age
I want to age with some dignity.;Pete Townshend;age
This is my 20th year in the sport. I've known swimming and that's it. I don't want to swim past age 30 if I continue after this Olympics, and come back in 2016, I'll be 31. I'm looking forward to being able to see the other side of the fence.;Michael Phelps;age
Young man, the secret of my success is that an early age I discovered that I was not God.;Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.;age
I'd like to talk about free markets. Information in the computer age is the last genuine free market left on earth except those free markets where indigenous people are still surviving. And that's basically becoming limited.;Russell Means;age
I would often find myself, at the age of 21, at midnight, running down a dark street on my own with 10 men chasing me. And the fact they had cameras in their hands made that legal.;Sienna Miller;age
Bring a wife home to your house when you are of the right age, not far short of 30 years, nor much above this is the right time for marriage.;Hesiod;age
There are only two things a child will share willingly communicable diseases and its mother's age.;Benjamin Spock;age
Although it is generally known, I think it's about time to announce that I was born at a very early age.;Douglas Horton;age
I think it's your mental attitude. So many of us start dreading age in high school and that's a waste of a lovely life. 'Oh... I'm 30, oh, I'm 40, oh, 50.' Make the most of it.;Betty White;age
No, no, I was only funny on stage, really. I, I, think I was funny as a person toward my classmates when I was very young. You know, when I was a child, up to about the age of 12.;Rowan Atkinson;age
What goes on in Europe concerns us greatly because, if Europe comes apart, the E.U. comes apart, then you're going to have enormous impact on America, that's a very big trading partner of ours, and people own securities around the world in this day and age.;Michael Bloomberg;age
Your body actually reminds you about your age and your injuries - the body has a stronger memory than your mind.;Mikhail Baryshnikov;age
People dance at any age.;Mikhail Baryshnikov;age
I never had little brothers, so I was totally not used to hearing a lot of cussing at a young age! I learned what 'pull my finger' meant the hard way.;Danica McKellar;age
My sister and I shared a bedroom our entire lives and I believe she discovered the Beatles when she was about 11 and I'm four years younger. So from the age of 7 until 17 we had nothing but Beatles paraphernalia in our room, even those little stuffed Beatles that went on stands that are dressed as the Sgt. Pepper band.;Christina Ricci;age
But look, I was born in 1956, the peak year for births in US history. I think I'm very representative of many of the thought processes my generation have been through and, by and large, people of my age have had their imprint planted on the consciousness of western society for a long time.;Tom Hanks;age
I basically get stereotyped a lot in terms of being a girl and writing 'chick' music for teenage girls or something. I think, if anything, the press kind of, because of my gender and my age, tends to kind of relegate my work to this sort of special-interest group. It's part of the cultural dynamic, I guess.;Ani DiFranco;age
What is amazing for a woman of my age is that I change as the world is changing-and changing very, very fast. I don't think my mother had that opportunity to change.;Jeanne Moreau;age
I've never worried about age.;Jeanne Moreau;age
To me age is a number, just a number. Who cares?;Jeanne Moreau;age
If you're extremely, painfully frightened of age, it shows.;Jeanne Moreau;age
For a man who has compared himself to Theodore Roosevelt and the nation's challenges to those of the Gilded Age, Obama put forward a tepid agenda.;Ron Fournier;age
I wrote a screenplay for a 'Sweet Valley High' adaptation, and it's really amazing to me how many women who are my age have responded to the idea and are excited about the movie.;Diablo Cody;age
Let age, not envy, draw wrinkles on thy cheeks.;Thomas Browne;age
Here's my Golden Rule for a tarnished age: Be fair with others, but keep after them until they're fair with you.;Alan Alda;age
Children under five are the poorest age group in America, and one in four infants, toddlers and preschoolers are poor during the years of greatest brain development.;Marian Wright Edelman;age
Everyone talks about age, but it's not about age. It's about work ethic. Winning never gets old.;Lisa Leslie;age
Age is a terrible avenger. The lessons of life give you so much to work with, but by the time you've got all this great wisdom, you don't get to be young anymore.;Elizabeth Wurtzel;age
Science cannot tell theology how to construct a doctrine of creation, but you can't construct a doctrine of creation without taking account of the age of the universe and the evolutionary character of cosmic history.;John Polkinghorne;age
I came of age believing that, no matter what happened, I would always be able to support myself.;William J. Clinton;age
'Dallas' hit a chord back in the late Seventies and Eighties because it was the age of greed: here you have this unapologetic character who is mean and nasty and ruthless and does it all with an evil grin. I think people related to JR back then because we all have someone we know exactly like him. Everyone in the world knows a JR.;Larry Hagman;age
I've never been more in love with anyone nearly half my age than I am today. I'd get married in a minute if I weren't still married to somebody else.;Rod Stewart;age
At my age you don't go into fatherhood lightly.;Rod Stewart;age
I didn't know a time when there wasn't a war because I spent all my time from the age of two or three to eight in a coal cellar really.;David Bailey;age
My best friend just had a baby, and she's my age. So I'm a godmom now, which is crazy.;Kristen Stewart;age
I think I'm a bit less inhibited, and not thinking too much before speaking. It's not about being shameful, I'm just a bit more unabashedly myself because of this thing, and it probably started at age 15. I can be around people and say what I think without fear.;Kristen Stewart;age
At a certain age, death becomes familiar to you-or a loss becomes familiar-the tragedies that are more commonplace in life.;Jessica Lange;age
TV is sort of the only way to go for an actress my age to make a decent salary with independent films, you just can't.;Jessica Lange;age
Memory in youth is active and easily impressible in old age it is comparatively callous to new impressions, but still retains vividly those of earlier years.;Charlotte Bronte;age
At its best our age is an age of searchers and discoverers, and at its worst, an age that has domesticated despair and learned to live with it happily.;Flannery O'Connor;age
