A person who has sympathy for mankind in the lump, faith in its future progress, and desire to serve the great cause of this progress, should be called not a humanist, but a humanitarian, and his creed may be designated as humanitarianism.;Irving Babbitt;future
We must not allow the liberals to move us away from the conservative values of the American past which sustain our present and shall secure our future. As for me and my family, we will serve God, we will serve this constitutional republic, we will serve America.;Allen West;future
Without memory, there is no culture. Without memory, there would be no civilization, no society, no future.;Elie Wiesel;future
It all happened so fast. The ghetto. The deportation. The sealed cattle car. The fiery altar upon which the history of our people and the future of mankind were meant to be sacrificed.;Elie Wiesel;future
This time, instead of moving oceans and healing planets, let's get our bills in order and pay down the debt so we control our own future.;Artur Davis;future
While the resurrection promises us a new and perfect life in the future, God loves us too much to leave us alone to contend with the pain, guilt and loneliness of our present life.;Josh McDowell;future
The importance of money flows from it being a link between the present and the future.;John Maynard Keynes;future
It is extraordinary that whole populations have no projects for the future, none at all. It certainly is extraordinary, but it is certainly true.;Gertrude Stein;future
As I have said for many years throughout this land, we're borrowing money from China to buy oil from the Persian Gulf to burn it in ways that destroy the future of human civilization. Every bit of that has to change.;Al Gore;future
People like us are afraid to leave ball. What else is there to do? When baseball has been your whole life, you can't think about a future without it, so you hang on as long as you can.;Willie Stargell;future
If you believe that the killing of innocent people is right, then you are not part of my future.;King Abdullah II;future
My purpose... to go on with my heart and soul, devoting all my energies to Girl Scouts, and heart and hand with them, we will make our lives and the lives of the future girls happy, healthy and holy.;Juliette Gordon Low;future
We shall be better prepared for the future if we see how terrible, how doomed the present is.;Iris Murdoch;future
I found, when I left, that there were others who felt the same way. We'd meet, they'd come and seek me out, we'd talk about the future. And I found that their depression and pessimism was every bit as acute as mine.;Wole Soyinka;future
We have no right to assume that any physical laws exist, or if they have existed up until now, that they will continue to exist in a similar manner in the future.;Max Planck;future
I used to hurt so badly that I'd ask God why, what have I done to deserve any of this? I feel now He was preparing me for this, for the future. That's the way I see it.;Eden Phillpotts;future
My theme is going to be: Together we can win the future. The right policies lead to the right results. And I'm going to argue that President Obama will lose the future because the wrong policies lead to the wrong results.;Newt Gingrich;future
Everything tends to make us believe that there exists a certain point of the mind at which life and death, the real and the imagined, past and future, the communicable and the incommunicable, high and low, cease to be perceived as contradictions.;Andre Breton;future
School is practice for the future, and practice makes perfect and nobody's perfect so why bother.;Tre Cool;future
I have made good judgments in the past. I have made good judgments in the future.;Dan Quayle;future
In George Bush you get experience, and with me you get - The Future!;Dan Quayle;future
It's a question of whether we're going to go forward into the future, or past to the back.;Dan Quayle;future
My future daughter is not going to go through what I did.;Christina Aguilera;future
Fascism, the more it considers and observes the future and the development of humanity, quite apart from political considerations of the moment, believes neither in the possibility nor the utility of perpetual peace.;Benito Mussolini;future
The past is not dead, it is living in us, and will be alive in the future which we are now helping to make.;William Morris;future
Knowledge about the economy, ideas about capitalism and government, the future of the world and geopolitics were things I was never really interested in.;Shia LaBeouf;future
I'm substantially concerned about the policy directions of the space agency. We have a situation in the U.S. where the White House and Congress are at odds over what the future direction should be. They're sort of playing a game and NASA is the shuttlecock that they're hitting back and forth.;Neil Armstrong;future
I would like to see a future where artists think that they have a right to contemplate things like global warming.;Brian Eno;future
Something I've realized lately, to my shock, is that I am an optimist, in that I think humans are almost infinitely capable of self-change and self-modification, and that we really can build the future that we want if we're smart about it.;Brian Eno;future
I've noticed a terrible thing, which is I will agree to anything if it's far enough in the future.;Brian Eno;future
You cannot fight against the future. Time is on our side.;William E. Gladstone;future
I'm convinced there's a small room in the attic of the Foreign Office where future diplomats are taught to stammer.;Peter Ustinov;future
When you relinquish the desire to control your future, you can have more happiness.;Nicole Kidman;future
What does the future, that half of time, matter to the man who is infatuated with eternity?;Emile M. Cioran;future
To act is to anchor in an imminent future, so imminent it becomes almost tangible to act is to feel you are consubstantial with that future.;Emile M. Cioran;future
Of course there are critics who believe that no matter what we do, the Florida dream is over. They claim that we must accept the idea that inevitably our future is one of high taxes and big government.;Marco Rubio;future
Mitt Romney will stop the attacks on job creators, encourage entrepreneurs to chase their dreams, and bring good jobs and a better future to all Americans.;Marco Rubio;future
It would be wonderful to think that the future is unknown and sort of surprising.;Alan Rickman;future
I think my view is that whenever you project into the future you're never likely to be accurate in the details, or the paraphernalia and style. It's in the spirit of it.;Stephen Fry;future
While day by day the overzealous student stores up facts for future use, he who has learned to trust nature finds need for ever fewer external directions. He will discard formula after formula, until he reaches the conclusion: Let nature take its course.;Larry Bird;future
Plato's philosophy is a dignified preface to future religion.;Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel;future
Does art have a future? Performance genres like opera, theater, music and dance are thriving all over the world, but the visual arts have been in slow decline for nearly 40 years. No major figure of profound influence has emerged in painting or sculpture since the waning of Pop Art and the birth of Minimalism in the early 1970s.;Camille Paglia;future
Armageddon is not around the corner. This is only what the people of violence want us to believe. The complexity and diversity of the world is the hope for the future.;Michael Palin;future
Children have neither a past nor a future. Thus they enjoy the present, which seldom happens to us.;Jean de la Bruyere;future
Children enjoy the present because they have neither a past nor a future.;Jean de la Bruyere;future
It took the madmen of yesterday for us to be able to act with extreme clarity today. I want to be one of those madmen. We must dare to invent the future.;Thomas Sankara;future
The best preparation for the future is the present well seen to, and the last duty done.;George MacDonald;future
Many of us crucify ourselves between two thieves - regret for the past and fear of the future.;Fulton Oursler;future
Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future.;Dale Turner;future
Your past is not your potential. In any hour you can choose to liberate the future.;Marilyn Ferguson;future
Why not invest in the future of music, instead of building fortresses to preserve its past?;David Byrne;future
You have to like the present if not your life becomes secondhand, if you think it was better before. Or that it will be better in the future.;Karl Lagerfeld;future
The future is built on brains, not prom court, as most people can tell you after attending their high school reunion. But you'd never know it by talking to kids or listening to the messages they get from the culture and even from their schools.;Anna Quindlen;future
My philosophy is to take one day at a time. I don't worry about the future. Tomorrow is even out of sight for me.;Bobby Darin;future
As more people use social media to tell the story of the future, the wants and needs of more people will be reflected.;Simon Mainwaring;future
In fact, I believe the first companies that make an effort to develop an authentic, transparent, and meaningful social contract with their fans and customers will turn out to be the ones that are the most successful in the future. While brands that refuse to make the effort will lose stature and customer loyalty.;Simon Mainwaring;future
The future is today.;William Osler;future
I have never been able to grasp the meaning of time. I don't believe it exists. I've felt this again and again, when alone and out in nature. On such occasions, time does not exist. Nor does the future exist.;Thor Heyerdahl;future
The next few months are critical to Pakistan's future direction as a democratic state committed to promoting peace, fighting terrorism and working for social justice.;Benazir Bhutto;future
Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future.;Charles Kettering;future
We in the United States should be all the more thankful for the freedom and religious tolerance we enjoy. And we should always remember the lessons learned from the Holocaust, in hopes we stay vigilant against such inhumanity now and in the future.;Charlie Dent;future
If we can't begin to agree on fundamentals, such as the elimination of the most abusive forms of child labor, then we really are not ready to march forward into the future.;Alexis Herman;future
Our modern states are preparing for war without even knowing the future enemy.;Alfred Adler;future
I don't just want a better deal for Britain. I want a better deal for Europe too. So I speak as British prime minister with a positive vision for the future of the European Union. A future in which Britain wants, and should want, to play a committed and active part.;David Cameron;future
If Jesus Christ was who He claimed to be, and He did die on a cross at a point of time in history, then, for all history past and all history future it is relevant because that is the very focal point for forgiveness and redemption.;Josh McDowell;future
Our work is before us. It cannot be passed to future legislatures and must not be passed to future generations. May we boldly seize the moment with singular unity. And may we build a Texas of unlimited possibility.;Rick Perry;future
The foundation for future prosperity is built on the bedrock of good jobs and great schools. We are building a strong foundation one job at a time and one educated Texan at a time.;Rick Perry;future
I think life is far too short to concentrate on your past. I rather look into the future.;Lou Reed;future
Run to meet the future or it's going to run you down.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;future
The problem is that borrowing money to pay back more borrowed money that will oblige you in the future to borrow even more money doesn't sound kosher. Because it isn't.;John Podhoretz;future
As a nation we have the right to decide our own affairs, to mould our own future. This does not pose any danger to anybody. Our nation is fully aware of the responsibility for its own fate in the complicated situation of the contemporary world.;Lech Walesa;future
The vote is a trust more delicate than any other, for it involves not just the interests of the voter, but his life, honor and future as well.;Jose Marti;future
I can imagine a future in which real books will exist but in a more limited, particular way.;Susan Orlean;future
When I wonder what the future of books will be, I often think about horses. Before automobiles existed, everyone had a horse. Then cars became available, and their convenience, compared to horses, was undeniable.;Susan Orlean;future
Dreams get you into the future and add excitement to the present.;Robert Conklin;future
I've found that when the market's going down and you buy funds wisely, at some point in the future you will be happy. You won't get there by reading 'Now is the time to buy.';Peter Lynch;future
If GE's strategy of investment in China is wrong, it represents a loss of a billion dollars, perhaps a couple of billion dollars. If it is right, it is the future of this company for the next century.;Jack Welch;future
My entire life has been an attempt to get back to the kind of feelings you have on a field. The sense of brotherhood, the esprit de corps, the focus - there being no past or future, just the ball. As trite as it sounds, I was happiest playing ball.;David Duchovny;future
What has made America amazing has been the fact that throughout our history, throughout the more than 200 years of our history, there have been men and women of courage who stood up and decided it was more important to look out for the future of their children and their grandchildren than their own political futures.;Scott Walker;future
The purpose of the Jewish state is to secure the Jewish future. That is why Israel must always have the ability to defend itself, against any threat.;Benjamin Netanyahu;future
There is still a future with music, because people want music.;Maynard James Keenan;future
Up against the corporate government, voters find themselves asked to choose between look-alike candidates from two parties vying to see who takes the marching orders from their campaign paymasters and their future employers. The money of vested interest nullifies genuine voter choice and trust.;Ralph Nader;future
Language is the armory of the human mind, and at once contains the trophies of its past and the weapons of its future conquests.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;future
President Obama believes in a country where we invest in education, in roads and bridges, in science, and in the future so we can create new opportunities so the next kid can make it big and the kid afer that and the kid after that, that's what President Obama believes.;Elizabeth Warren;future
I'm convinced that we can shape a different future for this country as it relates to mental health and as it relates to suicide.;David Satcher;future
I would sum up my fear about the future in one word: boring. And that's my one fear: that everything has happened nothing exciting or new or interesting is ever going to happen again... the future is just going to be a vast, conforming suburb of the soul.;J. G. Ballard;future
The more we shelter children from every disappointment, the more devastating future disappointments will be.;Fred G. Gosman;future
This is the first age that's ever paid much attention to the future, which is a little ironic since we may not have one.;Arthur C. Clarke;future
The dark shadow we seem to see in the distance is not really a mountain ahead, but the shadow of the mountain behind - a shadow from the past thrown forward into our future. It is a dark sludge of historical sectarianism. We can leave it behind us if we wish.;David Trimble;future
We know that when people are safe in their homes, they are free to pursue their dream for a brighter economic future for themselves and their families.;George Pataki;future
Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.;Hannah Arendt;future
School is practice for the future, and practice makes perfect. But nobody's perfect, so why practice?;Billie Joe Armstrong;future
When two kids are being completely berserk, and they're naked and throwing food around, sometimes I just let it go because I can see a future where they're going to be dressed, and they're going to be at school. So I kind of let stuff go sometimes.;Louis C. K.;future
I've said it before, but it's absolutely true: My mother gave me my drive, but my father gave me my dreams. Thanks to him, I could see a future.;Liza Minnelli;future
In the future, instead of striving to be right at a high cost, it will be more appropriate to be flexible and plural at a lower cost. If you cannot accurately predict the future then you must flexibly be prepared to deal with various possible futures.;Edward de Bono;future
Every thought we think is creating our future.;Louise L. Hay;future
I object to people running down the future. I am going to live all the rest of my life there.;Charles Kettering;future
I hate those e-books. They can not be the future... they may well be... I will be dead.;Maurice Sendak;future
High expectations weren't nurtured in my neck of nowhere back then - children weren't fawned over from an early age as 'gifted' and groomed for a prizewinning future self-esteem was considered something you had to pick from the garden yourself.;James Wolcott;future
