The message of Passover remains as powerful as ever. Freedom is won not on the battlefield but in the classroom and the home. Teach your children the history of freedom if you want them never to lose it.;Jonathan Sacks;freedom
What creates freedom? A revolution in the streets? Mass protest? Civil war? A change of government? The ousting of the old guard and its replacement by the new? History, more often than not, shows that hopes raised by such events are often dashed, sooner rather than later.;Jonathan Sacks;freedom
The financial reward is great and I love the life I have, but all money makes possible is for you to stop worrying about money. Then you have freedom to live your life.;Paul Stanley;freedom
When I was teaching in the 1960s in Boston, there was a great deal of hope in the air. Martin Luther King Jr. was alive, Malcolm X was alive great, great leaders were emerging from the southern freedom movement.;Jonathan Kozol;freedom
The American experience influenced my understanding of individuality, basic human rights, freedom of expression and the rights and responsibilities of citizens.;Ai Weiwei;freedom
Take young researchers, put them together in virtual seclusion, give them an unprecedented degree of freedom and turn up the pressure by fostering competitiveness.;James D. Watson;freedom
I learned what I really love is making films, not the film business. I want to be on the set, meeting with writers, I want that freedom. I love it now.;Harvey Weinstein;freedom
Never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for freedom and truth.;Henrik Ibsen;freedom
You know, if you are kind of rich, the best thing is that you don't have to think about money. The best thing you can buy with money is freedom, time. I don't know how much I earn a year. I have no idea. I don't know how much I pay in taxes.;Haruki Murakami;freedom
I think we recognize as Americans there are certain things that are just primary to the freedoms and liberties that we enjoy here and religious freedom is one of the most important things we as Americans cherish.;Ann Romney;freedom
To us Americans much has been given of us much is required. With all our faults and mistakes, it is our strength in support of the freedom our forefathers loved which has saved mankind from subjection to totalitarian power.;Norman Thomas;freedom
All Americans value the freedom of speech and the freedom of the press, and I believe this is essential for our continued way of life. But with this freedom comes responsibility. That responsibility has been abdicated here by some in the media and some in the government.;Steven Hatfill;freedom
I've never understood why people consider youth a time of freedom and joy. It's probably because they have forgotten their own.;Margaret Atwood;freedom
I like the freedom of podcasting. With podcasting you can really mess around with the form and the format. You can do as much time as you like without having to pause for commercials.;Adam Carolla;freedom
I wanted to try to push some freedom into the men's clothes.;Miuccia Prada;freedom
Religious tolerance is something we should all practice however, there have been more persecution and atrocities committed in the name of religion and religious freedom than anything else.;Walter Koenig;freedom
A free and truly independent press - fiercely independent when necessary - is the red beating heart of freedom and democracy.;Dan Rather;freedom
After the tragedy, New Yorkers are more united than ever in their vision, as well as in appreciation what living in freedom means - and that if we stand together, we can accomplish anything.;George Pataki;freedom
Roosevelt talked not only about Freedom from Fear, but also Freedom from Want.;Jeffrey Sachs;freedom
The greatest blessing of our democracy is freedom. But in the last analysis, our only freedom is the freedom to discipline ourselves.;Bernard Baruch;freedom
Well, I'm a libertarian conservative, so I believe in limited government/maximum individual freedom.;John Bolton;freedom
All the characters in my films are fighting these problems, needing freedom, trying to find a way to cut themselves loose, but failing to rid themselves of conscience, a sense of sin, the whole bag of tricks.;Michelangelo Antonioni;freedom
I don't think that artists of any kind would or could sacrifice their artistic freedom by being more responsible with their influence on people, especially young people.;Christy Turlington;freedom
If you can make people understand why freedom is so important through the arts, that would be a big help.;Aung San Suu Kyi;freedom
I remain optimistic. What we've seen in Europe and the rest of the world is that freedom has a much stronger attraction than radical fundamentalism.;Gijs de Vries;freedom
Criticism of government finds sanctuary in several portions of the 1st Amendment. It is part of the right of free speech. It embraces freedom of the press.;Hugo Black;freedom
So far as discipline is concerned, freedom means not its absence but the use of higher and more rational forms as contrasted with those that are lower or less rational.;Charles Horton Cooley;freedom
Every general increase of freedom is accompanied by some degeneracy, attributable to the same causes as the freedom.;Charles Horton Cooley;freedom
Giving up even an ounce of precious freedom is a very serious thing to do.;Charles Schumer;freedom
But short films are not inferior, just different. I think the short gives a freedom to film-makers. What's appealing is that you don't have as much responsibility for storytelling and plot. They can be more like a portrait, or a poem.;Jane Campion;freedom
They have the ability to take a person's freedom from them. On certain situations, they have the ability to take a person's reputation. And under certain circumstances, they have the authority to take a person's life.;Daryl Gates;freedom
When others stood idly by, you and your families gave your all, in defence of a risen people and in pursuit of Irish freedom and unity.;Gerry Adams;freedom
I feel like my honesty gives people the freedom to talk about things they wouldn't otherwise.;Jane Fonda;freedom
My view is that good community management is like having good municipal government: You should be able to have dissenting opinions and so on, freedom of speech, but your grandmother should also be able to walk down the street at night without having to worry about getting mugged.;Jimmy Wales;freedom
I now bid farewell to the country of my birth - of my passions - of my death a country whose misfortunes have invoked my sympathies - whose factions I sought to quell - whose intelligence I prompted to a lofty aim - whose freedom has been my fatal dream.;Thomas Francis Meagher;freedom
Peace with the Palestinians will open ports of peace all around the Mediterranean. The duty of leaders is to pursue freedom ceaselessly, even in the face of hostility, in the face of doubt and disappointment. Just imagine what could be.;Shimon Peres;freedom
I call on the Iranian people: it is not too late to replace the corrupt regime and return to your glorious Persian heritage, a heritage of culture and values and not of bombs and missiles... How can a nation allow a regime to instill fear, take away the people's freedom and shock the young generation that seeks its way out of the dictatorial Iran.;Shimon Peres;freedom
The Middle East is ailing. The malady stems from pervasive violence, shortages of food, water and educational opportunities, discrimination against women and - the most virulent cause of all - the absence of freedom.;Shimon Peres;freedom
My heart goes out to the brave citizens of Syria, who each day risk and even sacrifice their lives to achieve freedom from a murderous regime. We in Israel welcome the historic struggle to forge democratic, peace-loving governments in our region.;Shimon Peres;freedom
Rosa Parks was the queen mother of a movement whose single act of heroism sparked the movement for freedom, justice and equality. Her greatest contribution is that she told us a regular person can make a difference.;Marc Morial;freedom
We who officially value freedom of speech above life itself seem to have nothing to talk about but the weather.;Barbara Ehrenreich;freedom
Today is a celebration of hope for the Iraqi people. The Iraqi people can now take control of their government and their future by creating a society that protects the rights endowed to us by our creator - life, liberty and freedom.;Jim DeMint;freedom
Motorists who want to save money on gas will demand and buy more fuel-efficient vehicles. We should not limit their freedom with more government regulations.;Jim DeMint;freedom
More than anything else, let me be clear - we need to be willing to fight for freedom, and free markets, and traditional moral values. That's what the American people want to see this movement and this party return to.;Mike Pence;freedom
I was intelligent enough to make up my own mind. I not only had freedom of choice, I had freedom of expression.;Amy Tan;freedom
Personal technology has given us the freedom of being able to do whatever we want - and in the case of celebrities and athletes, whomever they want. But it can also serve as a humiliation jetpack.;Sloane Crosley;freedom
The year most of my high school friends and I got our driver's permits, the coolest thing one could do was stand outside after school and twirl one's car keys like a lifeguard whistle. That jingling sound meant freedom and power.;Sloane Crosley;freedom
I don't believe in firing professors. They have academic freedom.;Alan Dershowitz;freedom
We believe it wrong ever to take a dollar from a free citizen without a very necessary public purpose, because each such taking diminishes the freedom to spend that dollar as its owner would prefer.;Mitch Daniels;freedom
I defend both the freedom of expression and society's right to counter it. I must pay the price for differing. It is the natural way of things.;Naguib Mahfouz;freedom
Americans are free to choose everything from what they eat, drive and watch on TV to the President of the United States. Yet, when it comes to allowing Americans to choose the health insurance that works best for them and their family, the freedom to choose suddenly becomes un-American.;Ron Wyden;freedom
I think the American people have become more reliant upon government and less reliant upon themselves and that they now tend to put security ahead of freedom, but I think freedom is the most important aspect of our lives.;Lyn Nofziger;freedom
If they want to hang me, let them. And on the scaffold I will shout Freedom for the working class!;Mother Jones;freedom
That's why I like fast film. It gives you more freedom to light more naturally.;Conrad Hall;freedom
Whatever the immediate gains and losses, the dangers to our safety arising from political suppression are always greater than the dangers to the safety resulting from political freedom. Suppression is always foolish. Freedom is always wise.;Alexander Meiklejohn;freedom
No, I don't believe in genius. I believe in freedom. I think anyone can do it. Anyone can be like Rembrandt.;Damien Hirst;freedom
Well, one thing, you got to stand in a courtroom and listen to a judge sentencing you to 25 years in prison before you realize that freedom of expression can no longer be taken for granted.;Larry Flynt;freedom
It would be too frightening for me to consider myself a role model. But I like the idea of not being afraid of letting your imagination rule you, to feel the freedom of expression, to let creativity be your overwhelming drive rather than other things.;Florence Welch;freedom
I have the freedom to do what I want... bright people to talk to every day.;Freeman Dyson;freedom
Even in the darkest regions, people have discovered their right of freedom.;Javier Bardem;freedom
The search for human freedom can never be complete without freedom for women.;Betty Ford;freedom
If you scratch below the surface and ask what really makes me tick, it's the liberalism of trying to promote freedom and opportunity. Promoting social mobility is one of the keys to that.;Nick Clegg;freedom
I don't watch a huge amount of telly. I read a lot. I'm reading at the moment 'Freedom,' by Jonathan Franzen, a great big brick of a book, and I'm loving it.;Nick Clegg;freedom
I am a passionate believer in freedom of speech. I would not support anything which would impinge on aggressive robust freedom of the British press, but when things go wrong and there has been outright illegality, there should be proper accountability.;Nick Clegg;freedom
I have more freedom when I write fiction, but my memoirs have had a much stronger impact on my readers. Somehow the 'message,' even if I am not even aware that there is one, is conveyed better in this form.;Isabel Allende;freedom
As one gets older one sees many more paths that could be taken. Artists sense within their own work that kind of swelling of possibilities, which may seem a freedom or a confusion.;Jasper Johns;freedom
The arc of American history almost inevitably moves toward freedom. Whether it's Lincoln and the Emancipation Proclamation, the expansion of women's rights or, now, gay rights, I think there is an almost-inevitable march toward greater civil liberties.;James McGreevey;freedom
I came out of the Soviet Union no longer a communist, because I believed in personal freedom.;Rose Wilder Lane;freedom
As our federal government has grown too large and too powerful, the real loss has been the freedom of people to govern their own lives and participate fully in the American dream.;Steve Forbes;freedom
I loved the feeling of freedom in running, the fresh air, the feeling that the only person I'm competing with is me.;Wilma Rudolph;freedom
I wasn't a woman who stayed tiny like I thought I would. I definitely gave myself the freedom to eat what I wanted.;Jennifer Garner;freedom
I'm privileged, because I have a lot of freedom. I want to use it to make as warm and normal a life as I can for our daughters.;Jennifer Garner;freedom
I've sold my soul for freedom. It's lonely but it's sweet.;Melissa Etheridge;freedom
So why am I facing a recall election? Simple: the big government union bosses from Washington want their money. They don't like the fact that I did something fundamentally pro-worker something that's truly about freedom.;Scott Walker;freedom
They know the importance of their mission and of America's commitment to combating and defeating terrorism abroad, and they know that they are making a real difference in bringing freedom to a part of the world that has known only tyranny.;John Boehner;freedom
They have called Operation Iraqi Freedom a war of choice that isn't part of the real war on terror. Someone should tell that to al Qaeda.;John Boehner;freedom
The job of training an Iraqi police force is one of the most important tasks being undertaken in Operation Iraqi Freedom. It is also one of the most difficult.;John Boehner;freedom
I really care about this stuff, I care about movies, and you just have to be strong and don't be stupid freedom of choice is a big responsibility, and I'm lucky enough not to have to just take any movie to pay the rent, so there's no need to be greedy.;Jonah Hill;freedom
As a 22-year Army Veteran who served in Operations Desert Storm and Iraqi Freedom, and as a Civilian Advisor to the Afghan Army in Operation Enduring Freedom, I understand both the gravity of giving the order, and the challenge of carrying it out.;Allen West;freedom
I love the freedom that the narrative form provides.;Sidney Sheldon;freedom
Freedom is just Chaos, with better lighting.;Alan Dean Foster;freedom
Prosperity or egalitarianism - you have to choose. I favor freedom - you never achieve real equality anyway: you simply sacrifice prosperity for an illusion.;Mario Vargas Llosa;freedom
As a boy, I believed freedom for America meant freedom for me. There was a time I believed every word spoken.;Barry White;freedom
Recruitment and retention are critical to sustain our Armed Forces with the best men and women willing to stand in the gap and make huge sacrifices to ensure our freedom.;Zack Wamp;freedom
I believe that being an actress or being involved in a movie has to be a life experience, otherwise why go for it? I have to change me, and I have to learn things, and I have to push me and my limits. By acting, I find a freedom inside of a prison in a way.;Juliette Binoche;freedom
I believe in trying to get a balance between individual freedom on the one hand and social responsibility on the other.;Chris Patten;freedom
Private property was the original source of freedom. It still is its main ballpark.;Walter Lippmann;freedom
There's a freedom to being young that is harder to come by as time goes on.;Dave Matthews;freedom
I am known for a life spent in the struggle for freedom, and freedom includes the freedom of religion.;Oriana Fallaci;freedom
I suppose there's a melancholy tone at the back of the American mind, a sense of something lost. And it's the lost world of Thomas Jefferson. It is the lost sense of innocence that we could live with a very minimal state, with a vast sense of space in which to work out freedom.;George Will;freedom
I needed freedom to really express myself. That's really what Justified is about.;Justin Timberlake;freedom
Not caring more about what other people think than what you think. That's freedom.;Demi Moore;freedom
The freedom of all is essential to my freedom.;Mikhail Bakunin;freedom
Freedom is not an ideal, it is not even a protection, if it means nothing more than freedom to stagnate, to live without dreams, to have no greater aim than a second car and another television set.;Adlai Stevenson;freedom
To realize that new world we must prefer the values of freedom and equality above all other values - above personal wealth, technical power and nationalism.;Herbert Read;freedom
One of the things that bothers me most is the growing belief in the country that security is more important than freedom. It ain't.;Lyn Nofziger;freedom
I believe our flag is more than just cloth and ink. It is a universally recognized symbol that stands for liberty, and freedom. It is the history of our nation, and it's marked by the blood of those who died defending it.;John Thune;freedom
A sense of freedom is something that, happily, comes with age and life experience.;Diane Keaton;freedom
In the last analysis, our only freedom is the freedom to discipline ourselves.;Bernard Baruch;freedom
