For exercise, I now run with my chocolate Lab puppy, Oscar.;Daniela Pestova;fitness
I concentrate on exercises from the waist down, since that is the laziest part of a woman's body.;Tina Louise;fitness
15 minutes a day! Give me just this and I'll prove I can make you a new man.;Charles Atlas;fitness
I love Nautilus and stretching. The results are immediate, and that gives me the motivation to continue.;Donna Dixon;fitness
Parentage is a very important profession, but no test of fitness for it is ever imposed in the interest of the children.;George Bernard Shaw;fitness
For whatever reason, maybe it's because of my story, but people associate Livestrong with exercise and physical fitness, health and lifestyle choices like that.;Lance Armstrong;fitness
Obviously, I come from one background, and the people that design fitness equipment have been doing it for years and years, and they know what works and doesn't work.;Lance Armstrong;fitness
If I don't feel confident about my body, I'm not going to sit at home and feel sorry for myself and not do something about it. It's all about taking action and not being lazy. So you do the work, whether it's fitness or whatever. It's about getting up, motivating yourself and just doing it.;Kim Kardashian;fitness
No one's ever achieved financial fitness with a January resolution that's abandoned by February.;Suze Orman;fitness
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such. All leaders whose fitness is questioned are clearly lacking in force.;Andre Maurois;fitness
My weight fluctuates depending on my mood and my current devotion to my fitness routine.;Lena Dunham;fitness
At the start of his second term, one wonders less about Obama's fitness than his willingness: Why doesn't he do more to build and maintain the relationships required to govern in era of polarization?;Ron Fournier;fitness
Family involvement is a valuable thing and playing together actively can be the '90s version of it. Instead of just watching, you can do it together... something we don't spend enough time on. We can motivate and excite each other about fitness.;Alan Thicke;fitness
As a father, my first priority is to help my sons set and attain personal goals so they will develop self-confidence and individual strength. Engaging in regular fitness activities with my children helps me fulfill those responsibilities.;Alan Thicke;fitness
I think fitness is important. I think a healthy lifestyle is important. I think putting positive energy out there is important and just staying connected with the people.;LL Cool J;fitness
I suffer panic attacks which has made me really conscious about my fitness and I have become addicted to jogging. It might sound odd but a lot of good has come out of it. My fans send letters saying they have taken up jogging because I do it.;Ellie Goulding;fitness
I'm doing four hours of gymnastics training a day, six days a week and then an extra two to three hours in a fitness center as well.;Shawn Johnson;fitness
We talk a lot on 'Biggest Loser' about how fitness is a natural antidepressant, how it burns off stress. What I like about running is that it gives me time alone. I'm always busy, with people at work, with my kids. I love getting out for a run by myself and just listening to my music.;Alison Sweeney;fitness
Fitness is a luxury when you are busy!;Lauren Conrad;fitness
I can jog, but I can't run. That's hard for me. I like the fact that I can jog for fitness, but to me there's a huge difference between jogging and running.;Mary Decker;fitness
Teaching kids about health and fitness is important to me. It's about being fit for life.;Jackie Joyner-Kersee;fitness
A life coach does for the rest of your life what a personal trainer does for your health and fitness.;Elaine MacDonald;fitness
Our children are obese, either have or being threatened by diabetes, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and not socially adjusting properly to others because of a lack of fitness.;Richard Simmons;fitness
Oh, and once, when I was in the Marines, I got a perfect score on my physical fitness test.;Drew Carey;fitness
Fitness is not an option. It's part of my job.;Alison Sweeney;fitness
What's wrong with extreme dieting and hard-core fitness plans is that they don't take into account the rest of your life.;Alison Sweeney;fitness
I recommend that people try new stuff or take new fitness classes all the time. It's important to mix up your routine, not only for your body, but also for your mental state.;Alison Sweeney;fitness
The public character of every public servant is legitimate subject of discussion, and his fitness or unfitness for office may be fairly canvassed by any person.;Charles Babbage;fitness
Resting for me is fitness training.;Jenson Button;fitness
I'm not in the best shape, but I want to prove to myself I can do something that seems insurmountable and inspire others by showing them no matter where they are in their fitness goals, they can do it, too.;Ruben Studdard;fitness
In the British Special Air Service, combat fitness is all about running.;Bear Grylls;fitness
I thought I did well for someone who has been out for 10 or 11 months. Then I was sub against Liverpool and tried to play for the guys and work on my fitness.;Paul Gascoigne;fitness
My fitness trainer's English, my physio's English, some of my friends are English. I don't have a problem with English people at all.;Andy Murray;fitness
I can't eat whatever I want, definitely not. I'm always controlled because I do a lot of fitness and triathlons, not just Formula One, so I always make sure I eat the right things.;Jenson Button;fitness
For me, triathlons were something that was down to me and my fitness. Now, I really enjoy the pain in the triathlon of chasing someone down. It's a bit like chasing down Nico Rosberg in the last few laps at Silverstone - it makes you feel alive.;Jenson Button;fitness
With fitness, I do Bikrams hot yoga. The gym that I have in my building is amazing. I love to do cardio and weights there.;Shay Mitchell;fitness
They both go together you can't be in front of the camera hosting a fitness television show in front of 75 million households and not have trained 6 days per week year round - in a bikini no less.;Kiana Tom;fitness
I'm 33 now and I seem to have hit a fitness plane. Shifting the wobbly bits isn't as easy as it used to be.;Matthew Rhys;fitness
Fitness is a curve. You can be Lance Armstrong, or you can be really out of shape at the opposite end. People enter the curve wherever they are and then they can move up the curve, by better nutrition and better exercise.;Gordon Strachan;fitness
I try and maintain a little bit of fitness, man.;Frank Bruno;fitness
As the proud father of two teens and past Chairman to the Presidents Council on Physical Fitness and Sports, I am committed to educating parents and especially young people on ways to live a long, healthy and active life.;Lee Haney;fitness
I believe it's extremely important to include some other type of fitness activity in your training, so cross training will help you to avoid injury when you are dancing.;Laurieann Gibson;fitness
I personally love to run outdoor fitness trails. I love the meditative value I get when out alone, challenging myself to run faster and higher.;Laurieann Gibson;fitness
I like starting off the new year fresh. I'm excited to see how 2013 turns out. Maybe because I'm an actress and I am always on a diet and fitness program, but my New Year's resolution is to let myself be nice to myself about my body.;Busy Philipps;fitness
I don't want to lose my fitness. I'm 45. I have two babies. I've got a long way to go and I want to keep in tiptop shape. There's no magic bullet.;Marcia Cross;fitness
The spirit of the Olympic movement is great for young people because it teaches them about the training and discipline required to compete. Even if they don't make the teams, they can rededicate their lives to the art of sport, discipline, and physical fitness.;Richard M. Daley;fitness
A drunkard in the gutter is just where he ought to be, according to the fitness and tendency of things. Nature has set upon him the process of decline and dissolution by which she removes things which have survived their usefulness.;William Graham Sumner;fitness
With both kids, I started working out again at 16 days postpartum, but I treated myself with kindness, doing mild workouts, because my fitness level was lower.;Gabrielle Reece;fitness
The goodness of a thing created is the perfection of its fitness for the use which it serves. Now that use is either particular or universal.;William Ames;fitness
People may say I developed an iron will, but what really happened is that I made myself much fitter. I think an iron will is always supported by fitness.;Ivan Lendl;fitness
I'm enjoying myself this year and for once I'm not chasing my fitness.;Jamie Redknapp;fitness
Overall, I think I'm in pretty good shape, but I'm not really someone that is gung-ho or a fitness fanatic.;Cobi Jones;fitness
I've always believed fitness is an entry point to help you build that happier, healthier life. When your health is strong, you're capable of taking risks. You'll feel more confident to ask for the promotion. You'll have more energy to be a better mom. You'll feel more deserving of love.;Jillian Michaels;fitness
My mother was a P.E. teacher, and she was kind of a fanatic about fitness and nutrition growing up, so it was ingrained in me at a young age. As I get older, I'm finding out it's not about getting all buffed up and looking good. It's more about staying healthy and flexible.;Josh Duhamel;fitness
I have long recognized a link between fitness and mental health and I think we need to encourage young people to take part in sports and team activities because we know it has such positive results.;Tipper Gore;fitness
My experience as a school nurse taught me that we need to make a concerted effort, all of us, to increase physical fitness activity among our children and to encourage all Americans to adopt a healthier diet that includes fruits and vegetables, but there is more.;Lois Capps;fitness
I feel if I'm healthy and happy, I look good. With a good mixture of fitness and healthy food I always feel great!;Candice Swanepoel;fitness
The main thing is that it's nice to see these young people - 9 to 14 years old - take the opportunity to get more involved in their health and fitness. We need more kids to be more active.;Rafer Johnson;fitness
I have run two Olympic 'A' standard times over the past 12 months and with the time I ran at the African Championships last week I know my speed and fitness are constantly improving so that I will peak in time for the Olympics.;Oscar Pistorius;fitness
My fitness is good. I hope to improve it even further during training.;Andriy Shevchenko;fitness
I have been particularly struck with the overwhelming evidence which is given as to the fitness of the natives of India for high offices and employments.;Richard Cobden;fitness
The health industry, the fitness industry, was really starting to pick up. This was around the mid 80's.;Warren Cuccurullo;fitness
I do a one-hour workout called Drenched, a cardio-boxing fitness routine, Monday through Friday. There are usually between twenty-five and fifty people there - everyone from stay-at-home moms and professional martial artists to teenagers and seniors. They play great dance music. When I can, I take two classes back-to-back.;Carrie Ann Inaba;fitness
Flexibility is crucial to my fitness. Incorporating a good warm-up and cool-down into every session decreases my chances of injury. I use both dynamic and static stretching in my training. I've starting doing a few yoga sessions which incorporates muscle strength and flexibility.;Samantha Stosur;fitness
The value and utility of any experiment are determined by the fitness of the material to the purpose for which it is used, and thus in the case before us it cannot be immaterial what plants are subjected to experiment and in what manner such experiment is conducted.;Gregor Mendel;fitness
My priority is to turn people - especially kids - on to sports and being active so they don't even have to think about it being good for their health. If people participate for the fun of it, and believe me - it is fun, then fitness programs will be much more successful.;Alan Thicke;fitness
I think a basic level of fitness can help the body cope with all manner of incidents.;Richard Hammond;fitness
I have found a flat on Merseyside and am settling down here. If I can keep playing and get back to full match fitness, I know I have a lot to offer still.;David Ginola;fitness
Now I say that if you run more than 15 miles a week, it's for something other than aerobic fitness. Once you pass 15 miles, you do not see much further improvement.;Kenneth H. Cooper;fitness
We are involved in youth testing internationally. We want to try to prove without a shadow of a doubt the relationship between physical fitness and health, not just physical fitness and ability to perform.;Kenneth H. Cooper;fitness
I've had one very bad ankle injury but otherwise I've been incredibly lucky with my fitness. I've worked hard at it and I've always been fit even compared to other players. That sustains you through various parts of your career, but I am 36.;Graeme Le Saux;fitness
I'm healthy now. I probably wouldn't say I'm at my best fitness level and I haven't played that much lately, but I'm healthy and that's all that matters.;Mary Pierce;fitness
For years, I always thought it was hilarious that I was this fitness guru, because fitness was just a tool I utilized to help people improve their confidence. For me, it's never been about fitness. It's always been about helping to empower people.;Jillian Michaels;fitness
I've published one book before, and now I'm writing a book of essays and stories about life in Tokyo. And I have one book coming out in May in Germany, about fitness.;Franka Potente;fitness
Guided only by their feeling for symmetry, simplicity, and generality, and an indefinable sense of the fitness of things, creative mathematicians now, as in the past, are inspired by the art of mathematics rather than by any prospect of ultimate usefulness.;E. T. Bell;fitness
For a good workout, I go to At One Fitness in North Hollywood, where my trainer, Jon Allsop, puts me through it all. I like it because it's a small gym and I've known the people for a long time. Jon will have me do cross-training where I'll lift weights, jump rope, throw around a medicine ball and I never get to stop.;Tim DeKay;fitness
There are similarities between business and sport, in the pressures involved and in the fitness aspect too.;Peter Shilton;fitness
Fitness will be a major factor in the first race and I think that will play into the hands of drivers who have been racing recently, rather than people like me who haven't raced properly for a decade. I'am not one of the favourites to start with.;Nigel Mansell;fitness
I have always maintained a high level of fitness, and that is why I am still able to handle the demands of playing in the Premiership. People have always commented on my fitness, and it's something I pride myself on.;Richard Gough;fitness
I was a bit worried coming back to the Premiership from America, but I have been pleased with my form, and the interest I have received has been good for my ego. I have no worries about my fitness, and I am really looking forward to the season starting now.;Richard Gough;fitness
I am about to get involved with the biggest cancer hospital in Norway. They are building a fitness center to work with patients. I will be a consultant.;Grete Waitz;fitness
Mr. Gonzales' failure to respond to questions legitimately posed to him by the Senate raises grave doubts in my mind as to his fitness to serve the people of the United States as their Attorney General.;Daniel Inouye;fitness
I also meet with city officials, representatives from governors' offices, really anyone in that sort of position who has shown an interest in youth fitness, to let them know why this sort of program is so important. I give the same message when I speak at conferences.;Rafer Johnson;fitness
I would like to thank everyone who supported me to be fit for the Euros. I had some fitness problems before the tournament, but I am here now!;Andriy Shevchenko;fitness
Shearer could be at 100 per cent fitness, but not peak fitness.;Graham Taylor;fitness
At least for soccer players, it comes down to a blend of two types of fitness - your base endurance, which comes from longer distance running, and your speed, which comes from sprint-based workouts.;Heather O'Reilly;fitness
My mom was a professional fitness competitor, so I go into the gym with her. I train with my dad and mother. It's embarrassing, because she's really strong.;Booboo Stewart;fitness
You need to put what you learn into practice and do it over and over again until it's a habit. I always say, 'Seeing is not believing. Doing is believing.' There is a lot to learn about fitness, nutrition and emotions, but once you do, you can master them instead of them mastering you.;Brett Hoebel;fitness
We wanted Nike to be the world's best sports and fitness company. Once you say that, you have a focus. You don't end up making wing tips or sponsoring the next Rolling Stones world tour.;Philip Knight;fitness
My Daddy liked physical fitness and wanted me to be a prizefighter.;Judy Johnson;fitness
I want my food dead. Not sick, not dying, dead.;Oscar Wilde;food
You can tell alot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jellybeans.;Ronald Reagan;food
It's difficult to believe that people are still starving in this country because food isn't available.;Ronald Reagan;food
You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I'm not hungry enough to eat six.;Yogi Berra;food
Beware the hobby that eats.;Benjamin Franklin;food
It's okay to eat fish because they don't have any feelings.;Kurt Cobain;food
Animals are my friends... and I don't eat my friends.;George Bernard Shaw;food
A man can live and be healthy without killing animals for food therefore, if he eats meat, he participates in taking animal life merely for the sake of his appetite.;Leo Tolstoy;food
There is no sincerer love than the love of food.;George Bernard Shaw;food
