The die is set and Malcolm will not escape for the foolish talk he spoke against his benefactor, such a man, is worthy of death, and it would have been so, were it not for Muhammad's confidence that God would give him the victory over the enemies.;Louis Farrakhan;death
If the human condition were the periodic table, maybe love would be hydrogen at No. 1. Death would be helium at No. 2. Power, I reckon, would be where oxygen is.;David Mitchell;death
Any film which views the darker side of life, which is death with a sense of humor, is very much to my taste.;Carter Burwell;death
My death, taking the light from my eyes, gives back to the day the purity which they soiled.;Jean Racine;death
Here's a thing about the death of your mother, or anyone else you love: You can't anticipate how you'll feel afterward. People will tell you a few may be close to right, none exactly right.;Mary Schmich;death
It is not death, but dying, which is terrible.;Henry Fielding;death
I believe the death of Bobby Kennedy was in many ways the death of decency in America. I think it was the death of manners and formality, the death of poetry and the death of a dream.;Emilio Estevez;death
When I was on a major label I felt obliged to say yes to every interview, tour and whatever else. The label is always telling you, 'This ain't going to last,' so I worked myself half to death. I learnt from that and I like to pace myself now.;Adam Ant;death
Most of the debate over the cultures of death and life is about process. The debate focuses on the technology available to determine how we prolong life and how and when we end it.;Suzanne Fields;death
If you think aficionados of a living Constitution want to bring you flexibility, think again. You think the death penalty is a good idea? Persuade your fellow citizens to adopt it. You want a right to abortion? Persuade your fellow citizens and enact it. That's flexibility.;Antonin Scalia;death
Death is a very important part of life.;GG Allin;death
Not all moral issues have the same moral weight as abortion and euthanasia. There may be legitimate diversity of opinion even among Catholics about waging war and applying the death penalty, but not... with regard to abortion and euthanasia.;Joseph Ratzinger;death
Depakote also has a really bad side effect, which is death.;Margot Kidder;death
I think that much of this was running in background as I contemplated whether or not to attend the PS 99 reunion, although I certainly anticipated that I would not it smelled like death, not youth.;John Thorn;death
As a reward for their efforts, however, those early Christians were beaten, stoned to death, thrown to the lions, tortured and crucified. Every conceivable method was used to stop them from talking.;Josh McDowell;death
The death penalty is being applied in the United States as a fatal lottery.;Bianca Jagger;death
I was in two episodes playing Christopher Reeve's character's emissary. They wanted to have my character announce Dr Swan's death, which I thought was exploitative.;Margot Kidder;death
Planning to play: that's what saving for retirement is today - and it is antithetical to the nature of play, fully within the definition of work, and blissfully ignorant of the reality of death.;John Thorn;death
I'm not on the run from anything and I'm not at all clear about what I'm running towards. But as some great writer put it, I want to be certain that when I arrive at death, I'm totally exhausted.;Fiona Shaw;death
So here is one of my theories on happiness: we cannot know if we have lived a truly happy life until the very end. This view of life and death was reinforced by my close witnessing of the buildup to the death of Philip Gould. Philip was without doubt my closest friend in politics. When he died, I felt like I had lost a limb.;Alastair Campbell;death
What we think of as our sensitivity is only the higher evolution of terror in a poor dumb beast. We suffer for nothing. Our own death wish is our only real tragedy.;Mario Puzo;death
I start thinking about life after death. I've got to quit thinking about it because it's very deep. Very deep. Sometimes you start thinking about it, and you don't feel like you want to be alive, so I don't like to get all quiet.;David Ortiz;death
When we are dealing with death we are constantly being dragged down by the event: Humor diverts our attention and lifts our sagging spirits.;Allen Klein;death
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.;Steve Jobs;design
You can design and create, and build the most wonderful place in the world. But it takes people to make the dream a reality.;Walt Disney;design
The artist in me cries out for design.;Robert Frost;design
A designer knows he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;design
Sometimes I can't figure designers out. It's as if they flunked human anatomy.;Erma Bombeck;design
Many things difficult to design prove easy to performance.;Samuel Johnson;design
I would be most content if my children grew up to be the kind of people who think decorating consists mostly of building enough bookshelves.;Anna Quindlen;design
Design is the method of putting form and content together. Design, just as art, has multiple definitions there is no single definition. Design can be art. Design can be aesthetics. Design is so simple, that's why it is so complicated.;Paul Rand;design
I don't design clothes, I design dreams.;Ralph Lauren;design
Designers are very fickle. I never wanted to be a victim of that. You're in one minute, out the next.;Tyra Banks;design
Good design is good business.;Thomas J. Watson;design
Design must reflect the practical and aesthetic in business but above all... good design must primarily serve people.;Thomas J. Watson;design
The urge for good design is the same as the urge to go on living.;Harry Bertoia;design
It is only after years of preparation that the young artist should touch color - not color used descriptively, that is, but as a means of personal expression.;Henri Matisse;design
Everyone designs who devises courses of action aimed at changing existing situations into preferred ones.;Herbert Simon;design
Some men give up their designs when they have almost reached the goal While others, on the contrary, obtain a victory by exerting, at the last moment, more vigorous efforts than ever before.;Herodotus;design
The details are the very source of expression in architecture. But we are caught in a vice between art and the bottom line.;Arthur Erickson;design
Sacred spaces can be created in any environment.;Christy Turlington;design
Design works if it's authentic, inspired, and has a clear point of view. It can't be a collection of input.;Ron Johnson;design
Perhaps believing in good design is like believing in God, it makes you an optimist.;Terence;design
Delay always breeds danger and to protract a great design is often to ruin it.;Miguel de Cervantes;design
Luck is the residue of design.;Branch Rickey;design
Color does not add a pleasant quality to design - it reinforces it.;Pierre Bonnard;design
Good buildings come from good people, ad all problems are solved by good design.;Stephen Gardiner;design
I design for real people. I think of our customers all the time. There is no virtue whatsoever in creating clothing or accessories that are not practical.;Giorgio Armani;design
Recognizing the need is the primary condition for design.;Charles Eames;design
Design is not making beauty, beauty emerges from selection, affinities, integration, love.;Louis Kahn;design
Every contrivance of man, every tool, every instrument, every utensil, every article designed for use, of each and every kind, evolved from a very simple beginnings.;Robert Collier;design
Design is not for philosophy it's for life.;Issey Miyake;design
About half my designs are controlled fantasy, 15 percent are total madness and the rest are bread-and-butter designs.;Manolo Blahnik;design
To whom does design address itself: to the greatest number, to the specialist of an enlightened matter, to a privileged social class? Design addresses itself to the need.;Charles Eames;design
This is what I like about being a designer: You can't really get it until you see it.;Isaac Mizrahi;design
To design the future effectively, you must first let go of your past.;Charles J. Givens;design
When I design buildings, I think of the overall composition, much as the parts of a body would fit together. On top of that, I think about how people will approach the building and experience that space.;Tadao Ando;design
A good designer must rely on experience, on precise, logic thinking and on pedantic exactness. No magic will do.;Niklaus Wirth;design
Design is everything. Everything!;Paul Rand;design
I like the body. I like to design everything to do with the body.;Gianni Versace;design
The primary factor is proportions.;Arne Jacobsen;design
I design for the woman who loves being a woman.;Diane von Furstenberg;design
Good design doesn't date.;Harry Seidler;design
I think it's really important to design things with a kind of personality.;Marc Newson;design
Accessible design is good design.;Steve Ballmer;design
In my opinion, no single design is apt to be optimal for everyone.;Donald Norman;design
The proper study of mankind is the science of design.;Herbert Simon;design
So, to really execute design in its highest form and making people feel joy, that's a great reward.;Genevieve Gorder;design
I think there is a new awareness in this 21st century that design is as important to where and how we live as it is for museums, concert halls and civic buildings.;Daniel Libeskind;design
What is design? It's where you stand with a foot in two worlds - the world of technology and the world of people and human purposes - and you try to bring the two together.;Mitchell Kapor;design
Design is people.;Jane Jacobs;design
A designer is only as good as the star who wears her clothes.;Edith Head;design
The design of each element should be thought out in order to be easy to make and easy to repair.;Leo Fender;design
I don't start with a design objective, I start with a communication objective. I feel my project is successful if it communicates what it is supposed to communicate.;Mike Davidson;design
I would think twice about designing stuff for which there was no need and which didn't endure.;Robin Day;design
Design is an unknown.;Geoffrey Beene;design
Designs of purely arbitrary nature cannot be expected to last long.;Kenzo Tange;design
Outside of the chair, the teapot is the most ubiquitous and important design element in the domestic environment and almost everyone who has tackled the world of design has ended up designing one.;David McFadden;design
To design is to communicate clearly by whatever means you can control or master.;Milton Glaser;design
Great designers seldom make great advertising men, because they get overcome by the beauty of the picture - and forget that merchandise must be sold.;James Randolph Adams;design
Design is directed toward human beings. To design is to solve human problems by identifying them and executing the best solution.;Ivan Chermayeff;design
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future it is something you design for the present.;Jim Rohn;design
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.;Jim Rohn;design
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.;Douglas Adams;design
A lot of people in our industry haven't had very diverse experiences. So they don't have enough dots to connect, and they end up with very linear solutions without a broad perspective on the problem. The broader one's understanding of the human experience, the better design we will have.;Steve Jobs;design
Design is a funny word. Some people think design means how it looks. But of course, if you dig deeper, it's really how it works.;Steve Jobs;design
If I knew for a certainty that a man was coming to my house with the conscious design of doing me good, I should run for my life.;Henry David Thoreau;design
Design is the fundamental soul of a man-made creation that ends up expressing itself in successive outer layers of the product or service. The iMac is not just the color or translucence or the shape of the shell. The essence of the iMac is to be the finest possible consumer computer in which each element plays together.;Steve Jobs;design
In most people's vocabularies, design means veneer. It's interior decorating. It's the fabric of the curtains and the sofa. But to me, nothing could be further from the meaning of design.;Steve Jobs;design
The design of the Mac wasn't what it looked like, although that was part of it. Primarily, it was how it worked. To design something really well, you have to get it. You have to really grok what it's all about. It takes a passionate commitment to really thoroughly understand something, chew it up, not just quickly swallow it.;Steve Jobs;design
I paint mostly from real life. It has to start with that. Real people, real street scenes, behind the curtain scenes, live models, paintings, photographs, staged setups, architecture, grids, graphic design. Whatever it takes to make it work.;Bob Dylan;design
Since when has the world of computer software design been about what people want? This is a simple question of evolution. The day is quickly coming when every knee will bow down to a silicon fist, and you will all beg your binary gods for mercy.;Bill Gates;design
In giving us children, God places us in a position of both leadership and service. He calls us to give up our lives for someone else's sake - to abandon our own desires and put our child's interests first. Yet, according to His perfect design, it is through this selflessness that we can become truly fulfilled.;Charles Stanley;design
Let it be your constant method to look into the design of people's actions, and see what they would be at, as often as it is practicable and to make this custom the more significant, practice it first upon yourself.;Marcus Aurelius;design
The computer can't tell you the emotional story. It can give you the exact mathematical design, but what's missing is the eyebrows.;Frank Zappa;design
I always consider the settlement of America with reverence and wonder, as the opening of a grand scene and design in providence, for the illumination of the ignorant and the emancipation of the slavish part of mankind all over the earth.;John Adams;design
The universe we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is, at bottom, no design, no purpose, no evil, no good, nothing but blind, pitiless indifference.;Richard Dawkins;design
A good scientist is a person with original ideas. A good engineer is a person who makes a design that works with as few original ideas as possible. There are no prima donnas in engineering.;Freeman Dyson;design
Obviously, I come from one background, and the people that design fitness equipment have been doing it for years and years, and they know what works and doesn't work.;Lance Armstrong;design
