Greatness, in the last analysis, is largely bravery - courage in escaping from old ideas and old standards and respectable ways of doing things.;James Robinson;courage
I emphasize... that the Harrimans showed great courage and loyalty and confidence in us, because three or four of us were really running the business, the day to day business.;Prescott Bush;courage
Have the courage to face a difficulty lest it kick you harder than you bargain for.;Stanislaus I;courage
To him that waits all things reveal themselves, provided that he has the courage not to deny, in the darkness, what he has seen in the light.;Coventry Patmore;courage
There's no mystique to acting. It's only common sense - and a bit of courage.;Bill Hunter;courage
Resignation is the courage of Christian sorrow.;Alexandre Vinet;courage
There can be a fundamental gulf of gracelessness in a human heart which neither our love nor our courage can bridge.;Patrick Campbell;courage
I know that if I'd had to go and take an exam for acting, I wouldn't have got anywhere. You don't take exams for acting, you take your courage.;Dame Edith Evans;courage
You cannot build character and courage by taking away a man's initiative and independence.;William Boetcker;courage
I want to encourage our people, to educate our people to have the courage to understand and fight for their rights.;Megawati Sukarnoputri;courage
It is easier for a father to have children than for children to have a real father.;Pope John XXIII;dad
When one has not had a good father, one must create one.;Friedrich Nietzsche;dad
My father? I never knew him. Never even seen a picture of him.;Eminem;dad
I am not ashamed to say that no man I ever met was my father's equal, and I never loved any other man as much.;Hedy Lamarr;dad
Whoever does not have a good father should procure one.;Friedrich Nietzsche;dad
I made a decision when my father passed away that I was going to be who God made me to be and not try to preach like my father.;Joel Osteen;dad
I stopped loving my father a long time ago. What remained was the slavery to a pattern.;Anais Nin;dad
I just wish I could understand my father.;Michael Jackson;dad
I know that I will never find my father in any other man who comes into my life, because it is a void in my life that can only be filled by him.;Halle Berry;dad
Fathers are biological necessities, but social accidents.;Margaret Mead;dad
Sons have always a rebellious wish to be disillusioned by that which charmed their fathers.;Aldous Huxley;dad
The place of the father in the modern suburban family is a very small one, particularly if he plays golf.;Bertrand Russell;dad
My father was my teacher. But most importantly he was a great dad.;Beau Bridges;dad
The fundamental defect of fathers, in our competitive society, is that they want their children to be a credit to them.;Bertrand Russell;dad
I have never been a material girl. My father always told me never to love anything that cannot love you back.;Imelda Marcos;dad
Every parent is at some time the father of the unreturned prodigal, with nothing to do but keep his house open to hope.;John Ciardi;dad
Babies don't need fathers, but mothers do. Someone who is taking care of a baby needs to be taken care of.;Amy Heckerling;dad
A father is a man who expects his son to be as good a man as he meant to be.;Frank A. Clark;dad
All the learnin' my father paid for was a bit o' birch at one end and an alphabet at the other.;George Eliot;dad
Undeservedly you will atone for the sins of your fathers.;Horace;dad
I pressed my father's hand and told him I would protect his grave with my life. My father smiled and passed away to the spirit land.;Chief Joseph;dad
A father is always making his baby into a little woman. And when she is a woman he turns her back again.;Enid Bagnold;dad
It is much easier to become a father than to be one.;Kent Nerburn;dad
There's sometimes a weird benefit to having an alcoholic, violent father. He really motivated me in that I never wanted to be anything like him.;Dean Koontz;dad
My father was not a failure. After all, he was the father of a president of the United States.;Harry S. Truman;dad
I hope I am remembered by my children as a good father.;Orson Scott Card;dad
The child is father of the man.;William Wordsworth;dad
My father... had sharper eyes than the rest of our people.;Chief Joseph;dad
Being a father, being a friend, those are the things that make me feel successful.;William Hurt;dad
Dad was the only adult male I ever trusted.;Michael Reagan;dad
An angry father is most cruel towards himself.;Publilius Syrus;dad
There is too much fathering going on just now and there is no doubt about it fathers are depressing.;Gertrude Stein;dad
The time not to become a father is eighteen years before a war.;E. B. White;dad
My father taught me that the only way you can make good at anything is to practice, and then practice some more.;Pete Rose;dad
When I was 18, I thought my father was pretty dumb. After a while when I got to be 21, I was amazed to find out how much he'd learned in three years.;Frank Butler;dad
I kept my babies fed. I could have dumped them, but I didn't. I decided that whatever trip I was on, they were going with me. You're looking at a real daddy.;Barry White;dad
Whenever I fail as a father or husband... a toy and a diamond always works.;Shahrukh Khan;dad
Humor is always based on a modicum of truth. Have you ever heard a joke about a father-in-law?;Dick Clark;dad
It is impossible to please all the world and one's father.;Jean de La Fontaine;dad
A dramatic thing, the first time you stand up to your dad.;Lenny Kravitz;dad
A father's disappointment can be a very powerful tool.;Michael Bergin;dad
It was my father who taught me to value myself. He told me that I was uncommonly beautiful and that I was the most precious thing in his life.;Dawn French;dad
But the love of adventure was in father's blood.;Buffalo Bill;dad
I'm a father. It isn't just my life any more. I don't want my kid finding bottles in the house or seeing his father completely smashed.;Billie Joe Armstrong;dad
My father never raised his hand to any one of his children, except in self-defense.;Fred Allen;dad
I never had a speech from my father 'this is what you must do or shouldn't do' but I just learned to be led by example. My father wasn't perfect.;Adam Sandler;dad
I wanted to take up music, so my father bought me a blunt instrument. He told me to knock myself out.;Jay London;dad
My father wouldn't get us a TV, he wouldn't allow a TV in the house.;Janis Joplin;dad
The surprising thing about fatherhood was finding my inner mush. Now I want to share it with the world.;Christopher Meloni;dad
I inherited that calm from my father, who was a farmer. You sow, you wait for good or bad weather, you harvest, but working is something you always need to do.;Miguel Indurain;dad
The most important influence in my childhood was my father.;DeForest Kelley;dad
My father was grounded, a very meat-and-potatoes man. He was a baker.;Anthony Hopkins;dad
My father-in-law gets up at 5 o'clock in the morning and watches the Discovery Channel. I don't know why there's this big rush to do this.;Jeff Foxworthy;dad
Feels good to try, but playing a father, I'm getting a little older. I see now that I'm taking it more serious and I do want that lifestyle.;Adam Sandler;dad
I'm more comfortable with whatever's wrong with me than my father was whenever he felt he failed or didn't measure up to the standard he set.;John Malkovich;dad
I wasn't anything special as a father. But I loved them and they knew it.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;dad
Watching your husband become a father is really sexy and wonderful.;Cindy Crawford;dad
Father or stepfather - those are just titles to me. They don't mean anything.;Oliver Hudson;dad
If my father had hugged me even once, I'd be an accountant right now.;Ray Romano;dad
What harsh judges fathers are to all young men!;Terence;dad
My father, he was like the rock, the guy you went to with every problem.;Gwyneth Paltrow;dad
My father wants me to be like my brother, but I can't be.;Robert Mapplethorpe;dad
I would never have done what I'd done if I'd considered my father as somebody I wanted to please.;Robert Mapplethorpe;dad
Nobody ever asks a father how he manages to combine marriage and a career.;Sam Ewing;dad
Father told me that if I ever met a lady in a dress like yours, I must look her straight in the eyes.;Prince Charles;dad
My father was the guy on the block who said hi to everyone.;Damon Wayans;dad
My grandfather, along with Carnegie, was a pioneer in philanthropy, which my father then practiced on a very large scale.;David Rockefeller;dad
I love the comic opportunities that come up in the context of a father-son relationship.;Harrison Ford;dad
I wanted to be a forest ranger or a coal man. At a very early age, I knew I didn't want to do what my dad did, which was work in an office.;Harrison Ford;dad
That is the thankless position of the father in the family - the provider for all, and the enemy of all.;August Strindberg;dad
As Daddy said, life is 95 percent anticipation.;Gloria Swanson;dad
I was raised by free-spirited people, though my father gave me a very strong work ethic.;Diane Lane;dad
As a little girl I used to daydream about my real father coming on a white horse to rescue me.;Christine Keeler;dad
Do you know that other than my father, I've never had a man take care of me?;Dionne Warwick;dad
Employee fathers need to step up to the plate and put their family needs on the table.;James Levine;dad
I love my dad, although I'm definitely critical of him sometimes, like when his pants are too tight. But I love him so much and I try to be really supportive of him.;Liv Tyler;dad
Child-rearing is my main interest now. I'm a hands-on father.;Sean Penn;dad
Because of my father, we are that Shining City on a Hill.;Michael Reagan;dad
No, I never thought about my father's money as my money.;Christie Hefner;dad
But I have to be careful not to let the world dazzle me so much that I forget that I'm a husband and a father.;Herbie Hancock;dad
I have always thought of Walt Disney as my second father.;Annette Funicello;dad
My father was never anti-anything in our house.;Errol Flynn;dad
Aeneas carried his aged father on his back from the ruins of Troy and so do we all, whether we like it or not, perhaps even if we have never known them.;Angela Carter;dad
One of my earliest memories is of my father carrying me in one arm with a picket sign in the other.;Camryn Manheim;dad
My father loved people, children and pets.;Tony Visconti;dad
My father was the most rational and the most dispassionate of men.;Simon Newcomb;dad
I grew up not liking my father very much. I never saw him cry. But he must have. Everybody cries.;Charley Pride;dad
My father taught me how to substitute realities.;Mira Sorvino;dad
My father and I have a very good relationship. We always got along. But I always scold him.;Amy Sedaris;dad
