The past 6 and a half years have been the most amazing years of my life. It's sad it has come to an end but Avril and I are still family and moving forward in the most positive way possible.;Deryck Whibley;sad
If the IAAF feel that is the right way to go for TV rights and everything, the rule will stay. As much as I want to be on the podium, tonight is a sad night for athletics.;Kim Collins;sad
It's a sad moment, really, when parents first become a bit frightened of their children.;Ama Ata Aidoo;sad
All you'd have to do is get a sad look, and he'd try to do something for you.;Margaret O'Brien;sad
The last few years have been my happiest. I'm happy in the years that most people are blue and sad and waiting to die. I don't feel that a bit. Smiling has a lot to do with it. You can just lift your spirits by smiling a little bit.;William Proxmire;sad
If Michael Steele doesn't make you sad, well, then there's radio host Rush Limbaugh, no longer content with wanting the President to fail, Rush is now calling out Mr. Obama as a girly man.;David Shuster;sad
I will be sad. I've gotten very attached to Harry and all that goes on in his world, I guess I'll just be kind of tasting every bit of it because it will be the last one.;Mary Grandpre;sad
You know, they just don't make big movie stars the way they used to, maybe because the system has changed, the studio system, but it's sad to see people like Jimmy Stewart go, all the giants of the past.;Tom Atkins;sad
It's a sad and stupid thing to have to proclaim yourself a revolutionary just to be a decent man.;David Harris;sad
It is a sad day for our country when the moral foundation of our law and the acknowledgment of God has to be hidden from public view to appease a federal judge.;Soledad O'Brien;sad
Keep it simple, keep it sexy, keep it sad.;Mitch Miller;sad
Sad and sweet and wise Here a child reposes Dust is on his eyes, Quietly he lies - Satan, strew Roses.;Robert Williams Buchanan;sad
It's really sad that the kids today can only relate to Beethoven via a rock version of his music.;Walter Murphy;sad
Our hope, and it's a sad hope, is that... well, I mean we need a tip. That's why we have such a big reward. We just hope that someone is holding her for her child and that we can, you know, get her back with a tip.;Scott Peterson;sad
I had never felt so lonely and so sad in my entire life.;Susan Smith;sad
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.;Albert Einstein;science
Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;science
Science investigates religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power religion gives man wisdom which is control.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;science
No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right a single experiment can prove me wrong.;Albert Einstein;science
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;science
Science does not know its debt to imagination.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;science
Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;science
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.;Isaac Asimov;science
Aerodynamically, the bumble bee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumble bee doesn't know it so it goes on flying anyway.;Mary Kay Ash;science
Science never solves a problem without creating ten more.;George Bernard Shaw;science
A scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually die and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it.;Max Planck;science
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny...';Isaac Asimov;science
Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge.;Carl Sagan;science
Nothing has such power to broaden the mind as the ability to investigate systematically and truly all that comes under thy observation in life.;Marcus Aurelius;science
The best scientist is open to experience and begins with romance - the idea that anything is possible.;Ray Bradbury;science
Touch a scientist and you touch a child.;Ray Bradbury;science
We are born at a given moment, in a given place and, like vintage years of wine, we have the qualities of the year and of the season of which we are born. Astrology does not lay claim to anything more.;Carl Jung;science
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.;Wernher von Braun;science
Each problem that I solved became a rule, which served afterwards to solve other problems.;Rene Descartes;science
Your theory is crazy, but it's not crazy enough to be true.;Niels Bohr;science
Anybody who has been seriously engaged in scientific work of any kind realizes that over the entrance to the gates of the temple of science are written the words: 'Ye must have faith.';Max Planck;science
Anthropology demands the open-mindedness with which one must look and listen, record in astonishment and wonder that which one would not have been able to guess.;Margaret Mead;science
There is a single light of science, and to brighten it anywhere is to brighten it everywhere.;Isaac Asimov;science
If a man's wit be wandering, let him study the mathematics.;Francis Bacon;science
A fact is a simple statement that everyone believes. It is innocent, unless found guilty. A hypothesis is a novel suggestion that no one wants to believe. It is guilty, until found effective.;Edward Teller;science
Science is simply common sense at its best, that is, rigidly accurate in observation, and merciless to fallacy in logic.;Thomas Huxley;science
Science knows no country, because knowledge belongs to humanity, and is the torch which illuminates the world. Science is the highest personification of the nation because that nation will remain the first which carries the furthest the works of thought and intelligence.;Louis Pasteur;science
The great tragedy of science - the slaying of a beautiful hypothesis by an ugly fact.;Thomas Huxley;science
The scientific theory I like best is that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost airline luggage.;Mark Russell;science
Science is the father of knowledge, but opinion breeds ignorance.;Hippocrates;science
It is a good morning exercise for a research scientist to discard a pet hypothesis every day before breakfast. It keeps him young.;Konrad Lorenz;science
Science is the great antidote to the poison of enthusiasm and superstition.;Adam Smith;science
The fewer the facts, the stronger the opinion.;Arnold H. Glasow;science
What is a scientist after all? It is a curious man looking through a keyhole, the keyhole of nature, trying to know what's going on.;Jacques Yves Cousteau;science
Science is organized common sense where many a beautiful theory was killed by an ugly fact.;Thomas Huxley;science
I see nothing in space as promising as the view from a Ferris wheel.;E. B. White;science
Few tragedies can be more extensive than the stunting of life, few injustices deeper than the denial of an opportunity to strive or even to hope, by a limit imposed from without, but falsely identified as lying within.;Stephen Jay Gould;science
Adventure upon all the tickets in the lottery, and you lose for certain and the greater the number of your tickets the nearer your approach to this certainty.;Adam Smith;science
I believe in general in a dualism between facts and the ideas of those facts in human heads.;George Santayana;science
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of imagination.;John Dewey;science
For NASA, space is still a high priority.;Dan Quayle;science
I hate facts. I always say the chief end of man is to form general propositions - adding that no general proposition is worth a damn.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;science
Science is a first-rate piece of furniture for a man's upper chamber, if he has common sense on the ground floor.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;science
If an elderly but distinguished scientist says that something is possible, he is almost certainly right but if he says that it is impossible, he is very probably wrong.;Arthur C. Clarke;science
Inanimate objects can be classified scientifically into three major categories those that don't work, those that break down and those that get lost.;Russell Baker;science
You cannot feed the hungry on statistics.;Heinrich Heine;science
Science and technology revolutionize our lives, but memory, tradition and myth frame our response.;Arthur M. Schlesinger;science
I am not a scientist. I am, rather, an impresario of scientists.;Jacques Yves Cousteau;science
The nineteenth century believed in science but the twentieth century does not.;Gertrude Stein;science
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.;Alan Perlis;science
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.;Bruce Feirstein;science
We seem to have a compulsion these days to bury time capsules in order to give those people living in the next century or so some idea of what we are like.;Alfred Hitchcock;science
The folly of mistaking a paradox for a discovery, a metaphor for a proof, a torrent of verbiage for a spring of capital truths, and oneself for an oracle, is inborn in us.;Paul Valery;science
In science, 'fact' can only mean 'confirmed to such a degree that it would be perverse to withhold provisional assent.' I suppose that apples might start to rise tomorrow, but the possibility does not merit equal time in physics classrooms.;Stephen Jay Gould;science
We can lick gravity, but sometimes the paperwork is overwhelming.;Wernher von Braun;science
There are no shortcuts in evolution.;Louis D. Brandeis;science
Science is wonderfully equipped to answer the question 'How?' but it gets terribly confused when you ask the question 'Why?';Erwin Chargaff;science
When I find myself in the company of scientists, I feel like a shabby curate who has strayed by mistake into a room full of dukes.;W. H. Auden;science
Nothing in the universe can travel at the speed of light, they say, forgetful of the shadow's speed.;Howard Nemerov;science
Nobody climbs mountains for scientific reasons. Science is used to raise money for the expeditions, but you really climb for the hell of it.;Edmund Hillary;science
All science requires mathematics. The knowledge of mathematical things is almost innate in us. This is the easiest of sciences, a fact which is obvious in that no one's brain rejects it for laymen and people who are utterly illiterate know how to count and reckon.;Roger Bacon;science
From now on we live in a world where man has walked on the Moon. It's not a miracle we just decided to go.;Tom Hanks;science
Science has made us gods even before we are worthy of being men.;Jean Rostand;science
The doctor has been taught to be interested not in health but in disease. What the public is taught is that health is the cure for disease.;Ashley Montagu;science
People think of the inventor as a screwball, but no one ever asks the inventor what he thinks of other people.;Charles Kettering;science
It will free man from the remaining chains, the chains of gravity which still tie him to this planet.;Wernher von Braun;science
Anyone who attempts to generate random numbers by deterministic means is, of course, living in a state of sin.;John von Neumann;science
Facts are the air of scientists. Without them you can never fly.;Linus Pauling;science
Scientific theory is a contrived foothold in the chaos of living phenomena.;Wilhelm Reich;science
The science of today is the technology of tomorrow.;Edward Teller;science
The cloning of humans is on most of the lists of things to worry about from Science, along with behaviour control, genetic engineering, transplanted heads, computer poetry and the unrestrained growth of plastic flowers.;Lewis Thomas;science
Nothing in education is so astonishing as the amount of ignorance it accumulates in the form of inert facts.;Henry Adams;science
Bush reiterated his stand to conservatives opposing his decision on stem cell research. He said today he believes life begins at conception and ends at execution.;Jay Leno;science
He is so old that his blood type was discontinued.;Bill Dana;science
Take young researchers, put them together in virtual seclusion, give them an unprecedented degree of freedom and turn up the pressure by fostering competitiveness.;James D. Watson;science
A satellite has no conscience.;Edward R. Murrow;science
In all science, error precedes the truth, and it is better it should go first than last.;Hugh Walpole;science
If we wish to make a new world we have the material ready. The first one, too, was made out of chaos.;Robert Quillen;science
There is one thing even more vital to science than intelligent methods and that is, the sincere desire to find out the truth, whatever it may be.;Charles Pierce;science
The radical novelty of modern science lies precisely in the rejection of the belief... that the forces which move the stars and atoms are contingent upon the preferences of the human heart.;Walter Lippmann;science
The scientist is motivated primarily by curiosity and a desire for truth.;Irving Langmuir;science
When I investigate and when I discover that the forces of the heavens and the planets are within ourselves, then truly I seem to be living among the gods.;Leon Battista Alberti;science
The next major explosion is going to be when genetics and computers come together. I'm talking about an organic computer - about biological substances that can function like a semiconductor.;Alvin Toffler;science
Some dreamers demand that scientists only discover things that can be used for good.;John Charles Polanyi;science
