Modern poets talk against business, poor things, but all of us write for money. Beginners are subjected to trial by market.;Robert Frost;money
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.;Andy Warhol;money
It is a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money.;Albert Camus;money
When a man says money can do anything, that settles it: he hasn't got any.;George Bernard Shaw;money
We are the only real aristocracy in the world: the aristocracy of money.;George Bernard Shaw;money
Don't bring your need to the marketplace, bring your skill. If you don't feel well, tell your doctor, but not the marketplace. If you need money, go to the bank, but not the marketplace.;Jim Rohn;money
If I win and get the money, then the Oakland Police department is going to buy a boys' home, me a house, my family a house, and a Stop Police Brutality Center.;Tupac Shakur;money
I never attempt to make money on the stock market. I buy on the assumption that they could close the market the next day and not reopen it for five years.;Warren Buffett;money
To give real service you must add something which cannot be bought or measured with money, and that is sincerity and integrity.;Douglas Adams;money
Money is usually attracted, not pursued.;Jim Rohn;money
I actually thought that it would be a little confusing during the same period of your life to be in one meeting when you're trying to make money, and then go to another meeting where you're giving it away. I mean is it gonna erode your ability, you know, to make money? Are you gonna somehow get confused about what you're trying to do?;Bill Gates;money
Innovation has nothing to do with how many R amp& D dollars you have. When Apple came up with the Mac, IBM was spending at least 100 times more on R &amp D. It's not about money. It's about the people you have, how you're led, and how much you get it.;Steve Jobs;money
Pretty much, Apple and Dell are the only ones in this industry making money. They make it by being Wal-Mart. We make it by innovation.;Steve Jobs;money
This will never be a civilized country until we spend more money for books than we do for chewing gum.;Elbert Hubbard;money
You know, my main reaction to this money thing is that it's humorous, all the attention to it, because it's hardly the most insightful or valuable thing that's happened to me.;Steve Jobs;money
What is a normal childhood? We weren't rich, we were pretty middle-class. My dad survived from job to job with him taking care of so many relatives, he couldn't save any money.;Charlie Sheen;money
We need earmark reform, and when I'm President, I will go line by line to make sure that we are not spending money unwisely.;Barack Obama;money
My restaurants are never opened on Thanksgiving I want my staff to spend time with their family if they can. My feeling is, if I can't figure out how to make money the rest of the year so that my workers can enjoy the holidays, then I don't deserve to be an owner.;Michael Symon;money
We have the right as individuals to give away as much of our own money as we please in charity but as members of Congress we have no right to appropriate a dollar of the public money.;Davy Crockett;money
I love to go to Washington - if only to be near my money.;Bob Hope;money
Maturity: Be able to stick with a job until it is finished. Be able to bear an injustice without having to get even. Be able to carry money without spending it. Do your duty without being supervised.;Ann Landers;money
Advertising is the art of convincing people to spend money they don't have for something they don't need.;Will Rogers;money
Money doesn't talk, it swears.;Bob Dylan;money
With our technology, with objects, literally three people in a garage can blow away what 200 people at Microsoft can do. Literally can blow it away. Corporate America has a need that is so huge and can save them so much money, or make them so much money, or cost them so much money if they miss it, that they are going to fuel the object revolution.;Steve Jobs;money
A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money.;W. C. Fields;money
This film cost $31 million. With that kind of money I could have invaded some country.;Clint Eastwood;money
You use your money to buy privacy because during most of your life you aren't allowed to be normal.;Johnny Depp;money
If you make any money, the government shoves you in the creek once a year with it in your pockets, and all that don't get wet you can keep.;Will Rogers;money
The reason we have poverty is that we have no imagination. There are a great many people accumulating what they think is vast wealth, but it's only money... they don't know how to enjoy it, because they have no imagination.;Alan Watts;money
No one in this world has ever lost money by underestimating the intelligence of the great masses of the plain people. Nor has anyone ever lost public office thereby.;H. L. Mencken;money
The circulation of confidence is better than the circulation of money.;James Madison;money
I spent my whole life in the private sector, 25 years in the private sector. I understand that when government takes more money out of the hands of people, it makes it more difficult for them to buy things. If they can't buy things, the economy doesn't grow. If the economy doesn't grow, we don't put Americans to work.;Mitt Romney;money
Disneyland is a work of love. We didn't go into Disneyland just with the idea of making money.;Walt Disney;money
Let advertisers spend the same amount of money improving their product that they do on advertising and they wouldn't have to advertise it.;Will Rogers;money
The highest use of capital is not to make more money, but to make money do more for the betterment of life.;Henry Ford;money
Money without brains is always dangerous.;Napoleon Hill;money
Of course, to have money is just great because you can do what you think is important to you. I always was a rich person because money's not related to happiness.;Paulo Coelho;money
Business, that's easily defined - it's other people's money.;Peter Drucker;money
No one would remember the Good Samaritan if he'd only had good intentions he had money as well.;Margaret Thatcher;money
I'm sick of giving creeps money off my soul.;Bob Dylan;money
Attitude is more important than the past, than education, than money, than circumstances, than what people do or say. It is more important than appearance, giftedness, or skill.;Charles R. Swindoll;money
Time and money spent in helping men to do more for themselves is far better than mere giving.;Henry Ford;money
Money is not the only answer, but it makes a difference.;Barack Obama;money
I'd say it's been my biggest problem all my life... it's money. It takes a lot of money to make these dreams come true.;Walt Disney;money
Prospering just doesn't have to do with money.;Joel Osteen;money
I mean, I do think at a certain point you've made enough money.;Barack Obama;money
If advertisers spent the same amount of money on improving their products as they do on advertising then they wouldn't have to advertise them.;Will Rogers;money
The Internet didn't get invented on its own. Government research created the Internet so that all the companies could make money off the Internet. The point is, is that when we succeed, we succeed because of our individual initiative, but also because we do things together.;Barack Obama;money
Money and women are the most sought after and the least known about of any two things we have.;Will Rogers;money
I think it's too bad that everybody's decided to turn on drugs, I don't think drugs are the problem. Crime is the problem. Cops are the problem. Money's the problem. But drugs are just drugs.;Jerry Garcia;money
Speculation is only a word covering the making of money out of the manipulation of prices, instead of supplying goods and services.;Henry Ford;money
President Obama's view of a free economy is to send your money to his friends. My vision for a free enterprise economy is to return entrepreneurship and genius and creativity to the American people!;Mitt Romney;money
You reach a point where you don't work for money.;Walt Disney;money
Money doesn't make you happy. I now have $50 million but I was just as happy when I had $48 million.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;money
A system of capitalism presumes sound money, not fiat money manipulated by a central bank. Capitalism cherishes voluntary contracts and interest rates that are determined by savings, not credit creation by a central bank.;Ron Paul;money
Money demands that you sell, not your weakness to men's stupidity, but your talent to their reason.;Ayn Rand;money
When it is a question of money, everybody is of the same religion.;Voltaire;money
Money is like an arm or leg - use it or lose it.;Henry Ford;money
I know that campaigns can seem small, and even silly. Trivial things become big distractions. Serious issues become sound bites. And the truth gets buried under an avalanche of money and advertising. If you're sick of hearing me approve this message, believe me - so am I.;Barack Obama;money
You can choose a future where more Americans have the chance to gain the skills they need to compete, no matter how old they are or how much money they have. Education was the gateway to opportunity for me. It was the gateway for Michelle. And now more than ever, it is the gateway to a middle-class life.;Barack Obama;money
I've never preached one sermon on money, on just finances. I want to stay away from it.;Joel Osteen;money
In liberal logic, if life is unfair then the answer is to turn more tax money over to politicians, to spend in ways that will increase their chances of getting reelected.;Thomas Sowell;money
I don't believe we are supposed to go through life defeated and not having enough money to pay our bills or send our kids to college.;Joel Osteen;money
Money cannot buy peace of mind. It cannot heal ruptured relationships, or build meaning into a life that has none.;Richard M. DeVos;money
There are necessary evils. Money is an important thing in terms of representing freedom in our world. And now I have a daughter to think about. It's really the first time I've thought about the future and what it could be.;Johnny Depp;money
I don't mind saying, you know, that I don't take a salary from the church, and God has blessed me with more money than I could imagine from my books.;Joel Osteen;money
You may never get to that perfect world that you're waiting for where everything's going to be perfect and you got that much money and your house paid off.;Joel Osteen;money
I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money. I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, wear Reebok.;Shaquille O'Neal;money
Now workers should have the right to join unions. But unions should not be forced upon workers. And unions should not have the power to take money our of their members' paychecks to buy the support of politicians that are favored by the union bosses.;Mitt Romney;money
Talk is by far the most accessible of pleasures. It costs nothing in money, it is all profit, it completes our education, founds and fosters our friendships, and can be enjoyed at any age and in almost any state of health.;Robert Louis Stevenson;money
If a person gets his attitude toward money straight, it will help straighten out almost every other area in his life.;Billy Graham;money
I don't blame the players today for the money. I blame the owners. They started it. They wanna give it to 'em? More power to 'em.;Yogi Berra;money
It's morally wrong to allow a sucker to keep his money.;W. C. Fields;money
It's amazing how people will give when you don't ask. Many of them send money because they believe in the message.;Joel Osteen;money
Money and corruption are ruining the land, crooked politicians betray the working man, pocketing the profits and treating us like sheep, and we're tired of hearing promises that we know they'll never keep.;Ray Davies;money
One does not need buildings, money, power, or status to practice the Art of Peace. Heaven is right where you are standing, and that is the place to train.;Morihei Ueshiba;money
The price we have to pay for money is sometimes liberty.;Robert Louis Stevenson;money
We can be thankful to a friend for a few acres, or a little money and yet for the freedom and command of the whole earth, and for the great benefits of our being, our life, health, and reason, we look upon ourselves as under no obligation.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;money
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.;Andy Warhol;money
The chief value of money lies in the fact that one lives in a world in which it is overestimated.;H. L. Mencken;money
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.;Donald Trump;money
I've seen the ticket, and I still can't believe it. When I see the money, I hope I don't hit the floor.;Judy Garland;money
What have I got? No looks, no money, no education. Just talent.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;money
Money is human happiness in the abstract he, then, who is no longer capable of enjoying human happiness in the concrete devotes himself utterly to money.;Arthur Schopenhauer;money
If our soldiers are not overburdened with money, it is not because they have a distaste for riches if their lives are not unduly long, it is not because they are disinclined to longevity.;Sun Tzu;money
I went to the bank and asked to borrow a cup of money. They said, 'What for?' I said, 'I'm going to buy some sugar.';Steven Wright;money
As one digs deeper into the national character of the Americans, one sees that they have sought the value of everything in this world only in the answer to this single question: how much money will it bring in?;Alexis de Tocqueville;money
I can inspire people on how to use money, how to get economically powerful.;Mike Tyson;money
A real gentleman, even if he loses everything he owns, must show no emotion. Money must be so far beneath a gentleman that it is hardly worth troubling about.;Fyodor Dostoevsky;money
I don't think the money people in Hollywood have ever thought I was normal, but I am dedicated to my work and that's what counts.;Angelina Jolie;money
If all the rich and all of the church people should send their children to the public schools they would feel bound to concentrate their money on improving these schools until they met the highest ideals.;Susan B. Anthony;money
Well private money can take risks in a way that government money often isn't willing to.;Bill Gates;money
I did my time for the rape. I paid my money to Las Vegas. I paid my dues.;Mike Tyson;money
I know why they don't like me because they want the money I have.;Mike Tyson;money
Our money is bait money, and bait money is not to be used.;Mike Tyson;money
There was one thing my daddy wouldn't tolerate in any shape, form or fashion, and that was being unkind or rude to somebody. That was just very important to my folks. And as it turns out, that was a legacy that he left me that money can't buy, is how to be able to treat people.;Paula Deen;money
Motherhood is a great honor and privilege, yet it is also synonymous with servanthood. Every day women are called upon to selflessly meet the needs of their families. Whether they are awake at night nursing a baby, spending their time and money on less-than-grateful teenagers, or preparing meals, moms continuously put others before themselves.;Charles Stanley;money
Labour was the first price, the original purchase - money that was paid for all things. It was not by gold or by silver, but by labour, that all wealth of the world was originally purchased.;Adam Smith;money
Gambling with cards or dice or stocks is all one thing. It's getting money without giving an equivalent for it.;Henry Ward Beecher;money
