Experience teaches only the teachable.;Aldous Huxley;experience
Experience enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.;Franklin P. Jones;experience
Bitter experience has taught us how fundamental our values are and how great the mission they represent.;Jan Peter Balkenende;experience
Experience - the wisdom that enables us to recognise in an undesirable old acquaintance the folly that we have already embraced.;Ambrose Bierce;experience
Conviction without experience makes for harshness.;Flannery O'Connor;experience
Life is like playing a violin solo in public and learning the instrument as one goes on.;Samuel Butler;experience
Experience without theory is blind, but theory without experience is mere intellectual play.;Immanuel Kant;experience
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment.;Rita Mae Brown;experience
Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action.;Benjamin Disraeli;experience
Deep experience is never peaceful.;Henry James;experience
Experience is a good school. But the fees are high.;Heinrich Heine;experience
All experience is an arch wherethrough gleams that untravelled world whose margin fades for ever and for ever when I move.;Alfred Lord Tennyson;experience
Skill is the unified force of experience, intellect and passion in their operation.;John Ruskin;experience
All that I know I learned after I was thirty.;Georges Clemenceau;experience
Every moment is an experience.;Jake Roberts;experience
Good judgment comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgment.;Fred Brooks;experience
There's a beauty to wisdom and experience that cannot be faked. It's impossible to be mature without having lived.;Amy Grant;experience
There are many truths of which the full meaning cannot be realized until personal experience has brought it home.;John Stuart Mill;experience
What one has not experienced, one will never understand in print.;Isadora Duncan;experience
The sky is the limit. You never have the same experience twice.;Frank McCourt;experience
The experience of God, or in any case the possibility of experiencing God, is innate.;Alice Walker;experience
The value of experience is not in seeing much, but in seeing wisely.;William Osler;experience
We are each responsible for all of our experiences.;Louise L. Hay;experience
There is nothing so easy to learn as experience and nothing so hard to apply.;Josh Billings;experience
My path has not been determined. I shall have more experiences and pass many more milestones.;Agnetha Faltskog;experience
My experiences have taught me a lot and I'm happy with my learnings, if not with what I went through to learn.;Ally Sheedy;experience
An optimist is a guy that has never had much experience.;Don Marquis;experience
Real love is a permanently self-enlarging experience.;M. Scott Peck;experience
Experience has taught me, when I am shaving of a morning, to keep watch over my thoughts, because, if a line of poetry strays into my memory, my skin bristles so that the razor ceases to act.;A. E. Housman;experience
Your experiences will be yours alone. But truth and best friendship will rarely if ever disappoint you.;Anne Lamott;experience
Experience is the only prophecy of wise men.;Alphonse de Lamartine;experience
Experience is a great teacher.;John Legend;experience
Experience comprises illusions lost, rather than wisdom gained.;Joseph Roux;experience
All experience is an arch, to build upon.;Henry Adams;experience
Experiences are savings which a miser puts aside. Wisdom is an inheritance which a wastrel cannot exhaust.;Karl Kraus;experience
Few people even scratch the surface, much less exhaust the contemplation of their own experience.;Randolph Bourne;experience
The main thing experience has taught me is that one has to sort of hone their relationship to time, you know.;John Frusciante;experience
I think we are a product of all our experiences.;Sanford I. Weill;experience
Information's pretty thin stuff unless mixed with experience.;Clarence Day;experience
Most of the images of reality on which we base our actions are really based on vicarious experience.;Albert Bandura;experience
Everything is discursive opinion instead of direct experience.;A. R. Ammons;experience
Nothing which has entered into our experience is ever lost.;William Ellery Channing;experience
Color is an intense experience on its own.;Jim Hodges;experience
Judgment comes from experience - and experience comes from bad judgment.;Walter Wriston;experience
Not the fruit of experience, but experience itself, is the end.;Walter Pater;experience
Experience is not what happens to you it's what you do with what happens to you.;Aldous Huxley;experience
By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest Second, by imitation, which is easiest and third by experience, which is the bitterest.;Confucius;experience
One thorn of experience is worth a whole wilderness of warning.;James Russell Lowell;experience
We gain strength, and courage, and confidence by each experience in which we really stop to look fear in the face... we must do that which we think we cannot.;Eleanor Roosevelt;experience
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.';Eleanor Roosevelt;experience
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.;Helen Keller;experience
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.;Helen Keller;experience
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science.;Albert Einstein;experience
Experience hath shewn, that even under the best forms of government those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it into tyranny.;Thomas Jefferson;experience
Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude.;Denis Waitley;experience
It was the experience of mystery - even if mixed with fear - that engendered religion.;Albert Einstein;experience
Experience demands that man is the only animal which devours his own kind, for I can apply no milder term to the general prey of the rich on the poor.;Thomas Jefferson;experience
Let us with caution indulge the supposition that morality can be maintained without religion. Reason and experience both forbid us to expect that national morality can prevail in exclusion of religious principle.;George Washington;experience
The more connections you and your lover make, not just between your bodies, but between your minds, your hearts, and your souls, the more you will strengthen the fabric of your relationship, and the more real moments you will experience together.;Barbara de Angelis;experience
I believe that anyone can conquer fear by doing the things he fears to do, provided he keeps doing them until he gets a record of successful experience behind him.;Eleanor Roosevelt;experience
I don't believe people are looking for the meaning of life as much as they are looking for the experience of being alive.;Joseph Campbell;experience
Like success, failure is many things to many people. With Positive Mental Attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again.;W. Clement Stone;experience
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it. The only real security that a man will have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience, and ability.;Henry Ford;experience
Beliefs have the power to create and the power to destroy. Human beings have the awesome ability to take any experience of their lives and create a meaning that disempowers them or one that can literally save their lives.;Tony Robbins;experience
The marvelous richness of human experience would lose something of rewarding joy if there were no limitations to overcome. The hilltop hour would not be half so wonderful if there were no dark valleys to traverse.;Helen Keller;experience
Many people know so little about what is beyond their short range of experience. They look within themselves - and find nothing! Therefore they conclude that there is nothing outside themselves either.;Helen Keller;experience
Never, never and never again shall it be that this beautiful land will again experience the oppression of one by another.;Nelson Mandela;experience
I had rather have a fool to make me merry than experience to make me sad and to travel for it too!;William Shakespeare;experience
Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience.;Paulo Coelho;experience
If history repeats itself, and the unexpected always happens, how incapable must Man be of learning from experience.;George Bernard Shaw;experience
Experience teaches us that it is much easier to prevent an enemy from posting themselves than it is to dislodge them after they have got possession.;George Washington;experience
My experience has been that work is almost the best way to pull oneself out of the depths.;Eleanor Roosevelt;experience
Unwearied ceaseless effort is the price that must be paid for turning faith into a rich infallible experience.;Mahatma Gandhi;experience
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.;Will Rogers;experience
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.;Robert Fulghum;experience
I am a woman in process. I'm just trying like everybody else. I try to take every conflict, every experience, and learn from it. Life is never dull.;Oprah Winfrey;experience
Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.;Benjamin Franklin;experience
Fame will go by and, so long, I've had you, fame. If it goes by, I've always known it was fickle. So at least it's something I experience, but that's not where I live.;Marilyn Monroe;experience
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.;Khalil Gibran;experience
There are three methods to gaining wisdom. The first is reflection, which is the highest. The second is limitation, which is the easiest. The third is experience, which is the bitterest.;Confucius;experience
I probably hold the distinction of being one movie star who, by all laws of logic, should never have made it. At each stage of my career, I lacked the experience.;Audrey Hepburn;experience
Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go its pretty damn good.;Woody Allen;experience
A lot of people in our industry haven't had very diverse experiences. So they don't have enough dots to connect, and they end up with very linear solutions without a broad perspective on the problem. The broader one's understanding of the human experience, the better design we will have.;Steve Jobs;experience
It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.;John Steinbeck;experience
The wise are instructed by reason, average minds by experience, the stupid by necessity and the brute by instinct.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;experience
Experience, as a desire for experience, does not come off. We must not study ourselves while having an experience.;Friedrich Nietzsche;experience
To use the same words is not a sufficient guarantee of understanding one must use the same words for the same genus of inward experience ultimately one must have one's experiences in common.;Friedrich Nietzsche;experience
Experience has shown, and a true philosophy will always show, that a vast, perhaps the larger portion of the truth arises from the seemingly irrelevant.;Edgar Allan Poe;experience
Wealth is the ability to fully experience life.;Henry David Thoreau;experience
What each must seek in his life never was on land or sea. It is something out of his own unique potentiality for experience, something that never has been and never could have been experienced by anyone else.;Joseph Campbell;experience
I have but one lamp by which my feet are guided, and that is the lamp of experience.;Patrick Henry;experience
Genius is the ability to renew one's emotions in daily experience.;Paul Cezanne;experience
Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment.;Tony Robbins;experience
We should not look back unless it is to derive useful lessons from past errors, and for the purpose of profiting by dearly bought experience.;George Washington;experience
Take time to gather up the past so that you will be able to draw from your experience and invest them in the future.;Jim Rohn;experience
Experience taught me a few things. One is to listen to your gut, no matter how good something sounds on paper. The second is that you're generally better off sticking with what you know. And the third is that sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.;Donald Trump;experience
We learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience.;George Bernard Shaw;experience
I don't have to have faith, I have experience.;Joseph Campbell;experience
Men are wise in proportion, not to their experience, but to their capacity for experience.;George Bernard Shaw;experience
