My senior year of high school, when I was getting recruited for college, my dad goes to me, 'You can become an Olympic champion.' And that's the first time that I'd heard someone else say that to me. I was like, 'Uh, are you talking to me?';Ryan Lochte;dad
The worst advice I ever received from my dad was to play by the book.;Dimebag Darrell;dad
The only time I think about life beyond F1 is when I contemplate becoming a dad. But there's no way that's going to happen while I'm still racing. To be successful in F1 you need to be very selfish in lots of ways and you're away from home for long periods. That's not the kind of father I want to be.;Jenson Button;dad
But you know, my dad called me the laziest white kid he ever met. When I screamed back at him that he was putting down a race of people to call me lazy, his answer was that's not what he was doing, and that I was also the dumbest white kid he ever met.;Norman Lear;dad
My dad said: 'It looks like you'll be world No.1 in a few hours and I wanted to be the first to say congratulations.';Lee Westwood;dad
Dad sometimes patted me on the knee and called me his Little Schmuck.;Michael Reagan;dad
I had never said, 'dad, I love you.';Michael Reagan;dad
My dad dragged me to a Bruce Springsteen concert as a kid. It was my first concert, but I fell asleep in the middle. My second concert was Weezer on the 'Pinkerton' tour, and 'Pinkerton' is the reason why I'm doing this.;Nate Ruess;dad
I came from somewhat of a musical family. I had an uncle on Broadway. My dad kind of knows how to play instruments. Although, I always find it annoying when he does play an instrument.;Nate Ruess;dad
I grew up in a predominantly Caucasian neighborhood, but my mom is Filipino-Spanish and my dad is Irish.;Shay Mitchell;dad
The moment my doctor told me, I went silent. My mum and dad were with me, then we all went to pieces. I was saying, No, I've got my flight to Sydney in two hours. I'm getting on a plane.;Kylie Minogue;dad
I grew up in Texas, and people love their American-made muscle cars there. I grew up around people who loved cars and took care of cars and my dad's a big car nut, so I learned a little bit about cars - how to love them, most importantly. I think that from the time I could remember, I've always envisioned myself in a vintage muscle car.;Amber Heard;dad
When I used to do musical theatre, my dad refused to come backstage. He never wanted to see the props up close or the sets up close. He didn't want to see the magic.;Nia Vardalos;dad
My mother's a psychologist, my stepfather's a psychologist, my stepmother is a therapist and my dad's a lawyer. So it was all prominent in my life. I don't know anyone who doesn't know someone on some form of prescription medicine.;Zach Braff;dad
As a kid who wasn't into sports, at school I felt almost alienated at times, whereas in the theatre community there was this amazing sense of camaraderie. Early on, we would go to rehearsals with my dad and I was like the mascot for the backstage crew. That was a big part of my childhood, so I dreamed of one day doing a play in London.;Zach Braff;dad
It was tough at the time but when I was younger, my Dad. I would say my Dad, because without him I wouldn't have been here. I mean it was tough for me because he was really demanding. With him, it was never enough, you know, anything I did was never enough.;Thierry Henry;dad
My dad said, 'The thing that I was told that was really helpful was that I mustn't be afraid of the things I was afraid of when I was five years old'. The shock of his childhood had put him in this defensive crouch against the world, and he needed to know that he had a nice wife and kids and it wasn't the same any more.;Tom Hooper;dad
When I was growing up my mother would say, 'Your dad may have to learn about being a father because he lost his own and that would have affected him'.;Tom Hooper;dad
I feel connected to the Second World War because my father lost his father in that war. So, through my dad and the effect it had on him of losing his father young, I always felt connected to the war. It goes back years, but it still feels to me as if we're completely living in it.;Tom Hooper;dad
I'm a military kid, both parents in the military - Mom did 12 years, Dad did 21, served in two wars. So discipline is something that was huge.;Robert Griffin III;dad
One thing my dad always told me, was he would make sure I always had what he didn't have. He couldn't play basketball because he didn't have tennis shoes - so I had five pairs of tennis shoes.;Robert Griffin III;dad
You always give credit where credit is due - to high school coaches, college coaches - but my dad, the foundation that he built with me, is where all of this came from. The speed, the determination, the mindset, just the natural belief that you can do anything you put your mind to, it all comes from my dad.;Robert Griffin III;dad
I don't know much about only children. I was the middle one of three, and if ever I was alone with mum and dad, it was a rare moment.;Elizabeth Hurley;dad
I think in my case, I had no choice but to have a good sense of humor. I grew up with my dad, Danny Thomas, and George Burns and Bob Hope and Milton Berle and Sid Caesar and all those guys were at our house all the time and telling jokes and making each other laugh.;Marlo Thomas;dad
Dad taught us about morals, values and goals. Having a tight-knit family was important to him.;Junior Seau;dad
I wanted to perform well for my mom and dad, because in high school, I didn't have a job. My brothers, they worked at Pizza Hut or places like that, but sports, that was my way of giving back.;Junior Seau;dad
The only ones I trust really are my Mum and Dad and those who are closest to me.;Katie Price;dad
My dad said if you become a tennis professional just make sure you get into the top hundred, because you have to make a little bit of money. You make a living so you can pay your coaching and, you know, your travels.;Roger Federer;dad
Money stress is what used to remind me of my Dad most.;Ted Rall;dad
My dad was the manager at the 45,000-acre ranch, but he owned his own 1,200-acre ranch, and I owned four cattle that he gave to me when I graduated from grammar school, from the eighth grade. And those cows multiplied, and he kept track of them for years for me. And that was my herd.;Dave Brubeck;dad
My dad's not here, but he's watching in heaven.;Bubba Watson;dad
My dad was a diplomat and after living in America, where I was born, he was posted to Cairo.;Arabella Weir;dad
My dad was depressed a lot of the time, and there were a lot of things in his life that he never resolved.;Juliana Hatfield;dad
I'd love to be a dad. I hope I'd be great at it. That's every man's fear, yet his most important job.;Matt Damon;dad
My parents divorced when I was young but I was brought up in two really loving households. I didn't have a contentious relationship with my mom or dad.;Matt Damon;dad
I come from an ordinary family - my dad is a carpenter, a roof-maker - and we've always loved racing together.;Sebastian Vettel;dad
When dad told me Mr Steptoe had passed away, I broke down.;Louise Brown;dad
Both my mum and dad were great readers, and we would go every Saturday morning to the library, and my sister and I had a library card when we could pass off something as a signature, and all of us would come with an armful of books.;Geraldine Brooks;dad
I knew I was going to be a journalist when I was eight years old and I saw the printing presses rolling at the Sydney newspaper where my dad worked as a proofreader.;Geraldine Brooks;dad
My dad's a scratch golfer and I've got the knack of seeing something and then replicating it. I saw my dad swing a club and I worked out how to do the same thing. My backswing and follow-through have been basically the same since I was two.;Rory McIlroy;dad
My mom and dad worked very hard to give me the best chance in - not just in golf but in life. You know, I was an only child, you know, my dad worked three jobs at one stage. My mom worked night shifts in a factory.;Rory McIlroy;dad
I wanted to make a point of basing myself at home, being close to my family. I'll never be able to repay Mum and Dad for what they did, but at least they know they'll never have to work another day. I'll do whatever it takes to look after them.;Rory McIlroy;dad
Dad and mom would have preferred that I be a doctor, a lawyer, a scientist, or a great humanitarian.;Levon Helm;dad
My dad and I played music. He teaches me a song or two every time I'm home.;Levon Helm;dad
Although my dad was a doctor, we weren't necessarily a super-artsy family. We were just a classic, traditional family who got to take a lot of piano lessons and became a bunch of musicians.;Lisa Loeb;dad
I'm the fun dad, I am also the disciplinarian.;Johnny Knoxville;dad
You know my dad pushed me to believe that I was going to be the best. I just never thought of life without tennis, even looking forward.;Andre Agassi;dad
My dad was this sort of avant-garde guy who did all kinds of weird things. He was a true original and anybody who met him never forgot him.;Paul Thomas Anderson;dad
I'm into being a dad, that's where my focus is most of the time. I'm an actor that's my job, but it's not my life. I have a lot of other interests too.;Paul Walker;dad
We busted a lot of family secrets with this. But to make a long story short, my parents relationship was built heavily on security issues for my Mom, and when my Dad couldn't provide security, the relationship unraveled.;Kenny Loggins;dad
My dad taught me to play bass. He's a bass player he still plays in a band in Michigan to this day. He taught me to play bass when I was about 6. I used to just go to band practice with him, and whoever didn't show up for rehearsal that day, I would take their spot.;Mayer Hawthorne;dad
My dad calls me 'Mac' a lot, from 'Mike Tyson's Punch Out' - Little Mac is the main character. I was obsessed. I can still beat Mike Tyson on 'Punch Out.';Mayer Hawthorne;dad
I don't think I've had a holiday in my entire life that wasn't about my dad's work.;Kat Dennings;dad
I want to stay healthy, keep fit, eat well, keep a low profile and be a good dad.;Frank Bruno;dad
OK, so my parents were married in 1955 and my mom knew my dad was gay and my dad knew he was gay and so I was, like, 'Why in the heck did you get married?' Like, what was going on? What was that time? It's like this crazy paradox that my whole life is based on, or my family's based on. So I spent a lot of time trying to understand '55.;Mike Mills;dad
My dad's gay experiences really had a very positive influence on me and my straight relationships - how to better accept all the weirdness and ambiguity and ups and downs and paradoxes. I knew from the beginning I was writing about love.;Mike Mills;dad
I think my dad is the only Arabic descendent who is an unsuccessful businessman.;Shakira;dad
When my father died in my arms it had such a profound affect on me that at that very moment when my dad passed I realized that I needed to face my own fears.;Criss Angel;dad
I had an amazing childhood, lots of love. But my dad worked his tail off, getting up at 4 in the morning and going off at 5, 6 o'clock, yet he always had time to spend with his kids and his wife.;Criss Angel;dad
When I was a boy, I used to pull a big cross saw with my dad. He'd use his right hand, so I'd have to use my left.;Joe Frazier;dad
I've got a really great family round me, two sisters and an older brother and my mum and dad. Everybody's equal.;Nicholas Hoult;dad
My mum was raised Jewish, my dad is very scientifically minded, and my school was vaguely Christian. We sang hymns in school. I liked the hymns bit, but apart from that, I can take it or leave it. So I had lots of different influences when I was younger.;Ben Barnes;dad
My dad is a doctor, a professor of psychiatry, and my mum is a psychotherapist.;Ben Barnes;dad
I often talk with other actors about that time when you've just finished a job, because I think you do take on the characteristics of some of the characters you play. Sometimes it can be a great thing and sometimes it's a bit haunting because you're not quite sure how to leave it on set. My dad talks about it as being 'de-personalised.';Ben Barnes;dad
My dad was a Marine. He was one of the Montford Point Marines. Those are the equivalent of the Tuskegee Airmen for Marines. He's a tough, tough guy. When I was 15 we had a fight, and I didn't speak to him for 10 years.;Larry Elder;dad
My mom and my dad were married 56 years, and the fact that I reconciled with my dad I think made their marriage a little bit better as well.;Larry Elder;dad
If anybody had a reason to become a delinquent, to become a criminal, to be angry at the man, to be angry at the white man, to be angry at America, it's my dad, but he did not feel that way at all.;Larry Elder;dad
My dad? He died when I was 19, which is a bad time for your dad to die, because there's an awful lot of things you have to resolve with your parents past your teens if you've been a difficult teenager.;Robbie Coltrane;dad
More and more couples are having this negotiation or discussion, but I'm still amazed at the number who aren't and where the cultural norm sort of kicks in and they just assume that mom's got to be the one who stays home, not dad.;James Levine;dad
My parents moved to American Samoa when I was three or four years old. My dad was principal of a high school there. It was idyllic for a kid. I had a whole island for a backyard. I lived there until I was eight years old and we moved to Santa Barbara.;Eric Stoltz;dad
Parents don't understand kids and kids don't understand parents. My parents were divorced when I was really young and I went to live with my dad.;Mark Hoppus;dad
My grandfather was a lawyer, my dad was a lawyer, my mum was a lawyer, I got an uncle who's a lawyer, I got cousins that are lawyers.;Benicio Del Toro;dad
I pop gum. My parents get so annoyed with me. I know my dad wishes he never taught me how to do that.;Hilary Duff;dad
My dad is a nurse midwife, one of about only 50 male midwives in the U.S., I think.;Matthew Morrison;dad
I'm the most inappropriate dad. I curse in front of my kids and their friends. I let my kids watch R-rated movies. I'll walk by the movie theater and say, 'Let's go see that,' and my kids will say, 'No, it's rated R. It's not appropriate for kids.' I'm like Uncle Dad. We have fun. I don't live with them, but I drive over four days a week.;Marlon Wayans;dad
I think I had kind of an advantage. When I was growing up, my dad had just got out of jail and he had a great record collection. He had - it was all - these were the songs. So I heard a lot of these songs, like, my whole life, so for me it was easy. I already knew what I was going to sing.;Chris Isaak;dad
My mom and dad played this music all the time when I was growing up, so to me songs by Jerry Lee and Fats Domino are the classics, they're the best songs ever.;Chris Isaak;dad
I can definitely tell when mum has got money because then she likes to go shopping to spend it, whereas dad is steadier and avoids splurges. I like to think I've inherited both sides.;Sophie Ellis-Bextor;dad
You know not having my real dad around and having a step dad made me want to be a great dad. So now I have been one for 9 years. And now 3 daughters. So, that is what I am - a dad, first and foremost, before anything else. It's just something that comes natural now.;Tim McGraw;dad
My dad has been a big influence on me, because he's always had his own business. He really taught me business sense and how to be a focused individual, but also how to have fun and make everyone around you have fun.;Wiz Khalifa;dad
I love to cook. My dad's a really excellent cook and his style is: Look in the fridge and make whatever there is with whatever ingredients you have and I like cooking like that, too.;Olivia Thirlby;dad
I could not tell you the date of my mother's death. I could not tell you the date of my dad's death. These are not dates that I find significant.;O. J. Simpson;dad
My Dad hated his job. He sold overcoats, but he wanted to make movies. He had a failed career working with the Ritz Brothers - they were like the Marx Brothers, only a tier below. I always had a picture in my mind of him in a straw hat.;Steve Sabol;dad
People who have not done their research on me do not know that I am European, born in Copenhagen, Denmark to an Italian father from Napoli and a mother from Alabama who was singing opera and went to Europe, met my dad, fell in love, and then moved back to Rome, where I was raised, between Rome and Hamburg.;Giancarlo Esposito;dad
I have always had the feeling I could do anything and my dad told me I could. I was in college before I found out he might be wrong.;Ann Richards;dad
It's not like he called me up and asked me. They've never wanted to throw us into that world, and I think our decision probably shocked them. But I love my dad, and I think I'd regret it if I didn't do this.;Jenna Bush;dad
My dad saw my husband's boss at a conference, and he said to stop paying my husband until we produce children.;Jenna Bush;dad
I'm more like my father, personality-wise. But my mom and I get alone really well - obviously, because my mom and my dad get along so well.;Jenna Bush;dad
I'm sure there were times when I wish I had thought, 'Gosh, that might really embarrass mom and dad,' but our parents didn't raise us to think about them. They're very selfless and they wanted us to have as normal of a college life as possible. So really, we didn't think of any repercussions.;Jenna Bush;dad
In the 'Garnethill' trilogy, people always forget that Maureen O'Donnell's dad was a journalist and she did art history at uni and her brother did law, but no-one ever thinks they're middle-class - they're just working class because they speak with accents.;Denise Mina;dad
There's been times when I've had heartbreaking moments and I'm like, 'I can't believe you said that,' or 'I can't believe you did that'. And it hurts, it still hurts, and it'll always hurt, but I've never had somebody that I truly cared about just walk out on me, whether it was a boyfriend, or an aunt, mom or dad.;Shailene Woodley;dad
My parents were involved in everything I did. They were showbiz people themselves. My dad was an actor. They were parents they did what parents are supposed to do.;Tina Yothers;dad
I remember my dad working with me on breaking down my script and writing out a back story for my character and all that stuff.;Jason Bateman;dad
I grew up in a small town in Illinois, and my dad was a basketball coach. Thanks to him, I have excellent fundamentals in both basketball and baseball.;Nick Offerman;dad
I went to my dad when I was 17 and said, 'I want to be a country music star.' Which every dad loves to hear. And he said, 'I want you to go to college.' So we had a discussion. And I'm pretty stubborn. I'm a lot like him. And he said, 'If you go to college and graduate, I'll pay your first six months of rent in Nashville.' So he bribed me.;Eric Church;dad
That is where the irony of the film comes off, in terms of the language it employs - where he tries desperately to be a 'TV Dad,' to give advice and it's so pat it becomes ridiculous.;Atom Egoyan;dad
My dad is a bank president and my mom was an accountant and they didn't think that seeking the life of a freelance writer was very practical, you see. Of course, I was just as determined to do it.;Kevin J. Anderson;dad
I'm going to take care of the man I'm with. I grew up in a household where my mum takes care of my dad - she cooks, she does everything - and that's the kind of girl I am.;Nicole Scherzinger;dad
My dad came out of the Roosevelt era and the Depression. One person and one party made a difference in his life. That's what everybody forgot when they called my father and other people political bosses.;Richard M. Daley;dad
