I never apologize for the truth. And the truth here is that racists come in many different colors.;Kinky Friedman;truth
The defendant wants to hide the truth because he's generally guilty. The defense attorney's job is to make sure the jury does not arrive at that truth.;Alan Dershowitz;truth
One must always try to see the truth of a situation - it makes things universal.;V. S. Naipaul;truth
Truth comes to us mediated by human love.;A. N. Wilson;truth
The guy keeps making speeches about redistribution and maybe we ought to do something to businesses that don't invest, their holding too much money. We haven't heard that kind of talk except from pure socialists. Everybody's afraid of the government and there's no need soft peddling it, it's the truth. It is the truth.;Steve Wynn;truth
I don't think you can tell the objective truth about a person. That's why people write novels.;A. N. Wilson;truth
Buonaparte has often made his boast that our fleet would be worn out by keeping the sea and that his was kept in order and increasing by staying in port but know he finds, I fancy, if Emperors hear the truth, that his fleet suffers more in a night than ours in one year.;Horatio Nelson;truth
There's a terrible truth for many women in the picture business: Aging typically takes its toll and means fewer and less desirable roles.;Maureen O'Hara;truth
The truth is, if anyone saw my home life, I'm pretty sure it would look like other families' around the world. There's a lot of juggling to be done.;Brooke Burke;truth
Not truth, but faith, it is that keeps the world alive.;Edna St. Vincent Millay;truth
I am quite certain in my heart of hearts that modern music and modern art is not a conspiracy, but is a form of truth and integrity for those who practise it honestly, decently and with all their being.;Michael Tippett;truth
A man is original when he speaks the truth that has always been known to all good men.;Patrick Kavanagh;truth
The truth was you can't continue to spend the kind of money our spending on all these entitlement programs. I think we need more people in public life who are willing to say, no, we can't afford certain things. No, we can't do certain things.;Chris Christie;truth
Individuals need to be willing to face truth about their attitudes, behaviors, even what we want out of life.;Joyce Meyer;truth
The truth is that I oppose the Iraq war, just as I opposed the Vietnam War, because these two conflicts have weakened the U.S. and diminished our standing in the world and our national security.;George McGovern;truth
I make one pledge above all others - to seek and speak the truth with all the resources of mind and spirit I command.;George McGovern;truth
I'm not pretty. The truth is I didn't think I could be a model at all. I was looking at some of the guys on the walls at Irene Marie and I thought to myself 'Jesus Christ. I can't do this. I don't look anything like these guys'.;Channing Tatum;truth
Also, I used to think that one day I might get someone to iron my shirts, but the truth is I really like doing them myself.;David Sedaris;truth
Confidence and superiority: It's the usual fundamentalist stuff: I've got the truth, and you haven't.;Jeanette Winterson;truth
The only thing I can do is tell the truth as I see it and let the chips fall where they may.;Jack Kemp;truth
The truth is that I'm constitutionally incapable of doing an ordinary job.;Dylan Moran;truth
I'd like to say I'm R&ampB's savior. Whether that's the truth or not, I'm definitely going out there with my mic and my shield to declare, 'I am here to save R&ampB.' I will have the people saying, 'Sir, there is a man at the musical gates saying he is here to save R&ampB.';Jamie Foxx;truth
Remember the sufferings of Christ, the storms that were weathered... the crown that came from those sufferings which gave new radiance to the faith... All saints give testimony to the truth that without real effort, no one ever wins the crown.;Thomas Becket;truth
Truth is always exciting. Speak it, then life is dull without it.;Pearl S. Buck;truth
The truth is that the religious and the scientific processes, though involving different methods, are identical in their final aim. Both aim at reaching the most real.;Muhammad Iqbal;truth
The audience is the best judge of anything. They cannot be lied to. Truth brings them closer. A moment that lags - they're gonna cough.;Barbra Streisand;truth
It's been a pretty fun ride, to tell you the truth.;R. Lee Ermey;truth
My assignment is what every writer's assignment is: tell the truth of his own time.;Leslie Fiedler;truth
You don't have to sort of enhance reality. There is nothing stranger than truth.;Annie Leibovitz;truth
You've got to demand the truth from yourself.;Glenn Beck;truth
The great advantage about telling the truth is that nobody ever believes it.;Dorothy L. Sayers;truth
Telling the truth to people who misunderstand you is generally promoting a falsehood, isn't it?;Anthony Hope;truth
People talk about 'getting rid of the old image', and I guess there's some merit in that. But the truth is that people loved 'The Wonder Years' - I can't turn my back on it.;Danica McKellar;truth
My truth - what I believe - is that there are no answers here and, if you are looking for answers, you'd better choose the question carefully.;Javier Bardem;truth
It's in the history books, the Holocaust. It's just a phrase. And the truth is it happened yesterday. It happened to my mother. I never met my grandmothers or my grandfathers. They were all wiped up in the gas chambers of Nazi Germany.;Gene Simmons;truth
Every night I go over what I did in the day, in ethical or moral terms. Have I treated people properly? Did I tell the truth?;Jeanne Moreau;truth
It is precisely our job as Catholics to speak the truth as plainly and precisely as we can.;Sargent Shriver;truth
Imagination is the wide-open eye which leads us always to see truth more vividly.;Christopher Fry;truth
The most solid piece of scientific truth I know of is that we are profoundly ignorant about nature.;Lewis Thomas;truth
I intend to explode the myths about myself and get down to the real truth about the legend that is Batman.;Bob Kane;truth
Tell the truth, work hard, and come to dinner on time.;Gerald R. Ford;truth
The GAO just released a report that said 22 percent of federal programs fail to meet their objectives. The truth is we don't know how taxpayer money is spent in Washington, D.C., which is why I think we ought to put every agency budget up on the Internet for everyone to see.;Carly Fiorina;truth
I agree with just about everyone in the reform debate when they say 'If you like what you have, you should be able to keep it.' But the truth is that none of the health reform bills making their way through Congress actually delivers on that promise.;Ron Wyden;truth
The truth is in California you can't build a new manufacturing facility, and businesses are leaving in droves because of bad government policy.;Carly Fiorina;truth
He who joyfully marches to music in rank and file has already earned my contempt. He has been given a large brain by mistake, since for him the spinal cord would suffice.;Albert Einstein;war
One of the greatest casualties of the war in Vietnam is the Great Society... shot down on the battlefield of Vietnam.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;war
The release of atomic energy has not created a new problem. It has merely made more urgent the necessity of solving an existing one.;Albert Einstein;war
Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;war
We shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be, we shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills we shall never surrender.;Winston Churchill;war
Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few.;Winston Churchill;war
In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.;Winston Churchill;war
When the war of the giants is over the wars of the pygmies will begin.;Winston Churchill;war
Mankind must put an end to war before war puts an end to mankind.;John F. Kennedy;war
War will exist until that distant day when the conscientious objector enjoys the same reputation and prestige that the warrior does today.;John F. Kennedy;war
The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.;George S. Patton;war
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.;Bertrand Russell;war
The basic problems facing the world today are not susceptible to a military solution.;John F. Kennedy;war
The best weapon against an enemy is another enemy.;Friedrich Nietzsche;war
Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime.;Ernest Hemingway;war
There was never a good war, or a bad peace.;Benjamin Franklin;war
It is forbidden to kill therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets.;Voltaire;war
When the rich wage war, it's the poor who die.;Jean-Paul Sartre;war
All war is deception.;Sun Tzu;war
Don't forget what I discovered that over ninety percent of all national deficits from 1921 to 1939 were caused by payments for past, present, and future wars.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;war
War is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things. The decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth war is much worse.;John Stuart Mill;war
What is human warfare but just this an effort to make the laws of God and nature take sides with one party.;Henry David Thoreau;war
In modern war... you will die like a dog for no good reason.;Ernest Hemingway;war
If we don't end war, war will end us.;H. G. Wells;war
I must study politics and war that my sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy.;John Adams;war
There will one day spring from the brain of science a machine or force so fearful in its potentialities, so absolutely terrifying, that even man, the fighter, who will dare torture and death in order to inflict torture and death, will be appalled, and so abandon war forever.;Thomas A. Edison;war
There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare.;Sun Tzu;war
A soldier will fight long and hard for a bit of colored ribbon.;Napoleon Bonaparte;war
You can't say civilization don't advance... in every war they kill you in a new way.;Will Rogers;war
Yesterday, December seventh, 1941, a date which will live in infamy, the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air forces of the Empire of Japan.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;war
In peace, sons bury their fathers. In war, fathers bury their sons.;Herodotus;war
War grows out of the desire of the individual to gain advantage at the expense of his fellow man.;Napoleon Hill;war
There is no avoiding war it can only be postponed to the advantage of others.;Niccolo Machiavelli;war
I'm fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in.;George McGovern;war
It is well that war is so terrible. We should grow too fond of it.;Robert E. Lee;war
Patriots always talk of dying for their country and never of killing for their country.;Bertrand Russell;war
Only the dead have seen the end of the war.;George Santayana;war
In my dreams I hear again the crash of guns, the rattle of musketry, the strange, mournful mutter of the battlefield.;Douglas MacArthur;war
All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers.;Francois Fenelon;war
We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;war
Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants. We know more about war that we know about peace, more about killing that we know about living.;Omar N. Bradley;war
To walk through the ruined cities of Germany is to feel an actual doubt about the continuity of civilization.;George Orwell;war
Older men declare war. But it is the youth that must fight and die.;Herbert Hoover;war
An unjust peace is better than a just war.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;war
Ten soldiers wisely led will beat a hundred without a head.;Euripides;war
Wars have never hurt anybody except the people who die.;Salvador Dali;war
No country can act wisely simultaneously in every part of the globe at every moment of time.;Henry A. Kissinger;war
John Dalton's records, carefully preserved for a century, were destroyed during the World War II bombing of Manchester. It is not only the living who are killed in war.;Isaac Asimov;war
The military don't start wars. Politicians start wars.;William Westmoreland;war
War is a defeat for humanity.;Pope John Paul II;war
War is not an adventure. It is a disease. It is like typhus.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;war
Man has no right to kill his brother. It is no excuse that he does so in uniform: he only adds the infamy of servitude to the crime of murder.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;war
Sometime they'll give a war and nobody will come.;Carl Sandburg;war
I have never advocated war except as a means of peace.;Ulysses S. Grant;war
It seems like such a terrible shame that innocent civilians have to get hurt in wars, otherwise combat would be such a wonderfully healthy way to rid the human race of unneeded trash.;Fred Woodworth;war
