It is an axiom, enforced by all the experience of the ages, that they who rule industrially will rule politically.;Aneurin Bevan;experience
And it was a great experience, you know, to travel the world and compete at a certain level. It teaches you discipline, focus, and certainly keeps you out of trouble.;Jason Statham;experience
Food is our common ground, a universal experience.;James Beard;experience
When I was young, I was just about hard work. But as I got older, I did experience anxiety, doubt, judgment, and it's so easy to lose yourself for a second.;Jennifer Lopez;experience
The nature of the global business environment guarantees that no matter how hard we work to create a stable and healthy organisation, our organisation will continue to experience dramatic changes far beyond our control.;Margaret J. Wheatley;experience
What is the good of drawing conclusions from experience? I don't deny we sometimes draw the right conclusions, but don't we just as often draw the wrong ones?;Georg C. Lichtenberg;experience
Without in any way minimising the economic and psychological blow that people experience when they lose their jobs, the unemployed in affluent countries still have a safety net, in the form of social security payments, and usually free healthcare and free education for their children. They also have sanitation and safe drinking water.;Peter Singer;experience
Anyone who teaches knows that you don't really experience a text until you've taught it, in loving detail, with an intelligent and responsive class.;Joyce Carol Oates;experience
Men do weird things when they experience fear. It's like a fight-or-flight thing.;Rashida Jones;experience
In high school, I was on the youth advisory council for the Mayor's Office of Los Angeles, and that was kind of my first experience in the bureaucratic system. We tried to get things done, and nobody was really interested in getting anything done.;Rashida Jones;experience
If your faith is opposed to experience, to human learning and investigation, it is not worth the breath used in giving it expression.;E. W. Howe;experience
The most important American addition to the World Experience was the simple surprising fact of America. We have helped prepare mankind for all its later surprises.;Daniel J. Boorstin;experience
All observers not laboring under hallucinations of the senses are agreed, or can be made to agree, about facts of sensible experience, through evidence toward which the intellect is merely passive, and over which the individual will and character have no control.;Chauncey Wright;experience
Our science fails to recognize those special properties of life that make it fundamental to material reality. This view of the world - biocentrism - revolves around the way a subjective experience, which we call consciousness, relates to a physical process. It is a vast mystery and one that I have pursued my entire life.;Robert Lanza;experience
Our thoughts have an order, not of themselves, but because the mind generates the spatio-temporal relationships involved in every experience.;Robert Lanza;experience
Politics is the only field in which the more experience you have, the worse you get.;Kinky Friedman;experience
You don't cheat anybody out of their experience, whatever it is.;Andre Agassi;experience
Each of us brings to our job, whatever it is, our lifetime of experience and our values.;Sandra Day O'Connor;experience
You have to see a building to comprehend it. Photographs cannot convey the experience, nor film.;Arthur Erickson;experience
So I've seen life as one long learning process. And if I see - you know, if I fly on somebody else's airline and find the experience is not a pleasant one, which it wasn't in - 21 years ago, then I'd think, well, you know, maybe I can create the kind of airline that I'd like to fly on.;Richard Branson;experience
Without fullness of experience, length of days is nothing. When fullness of life has been achieved, shortness of days is nothing. That is perhaps why the young have usually so little fear of death they live by intensities that the elderly have forgotten.;Lewis Mumford;experience
I prefer to think of the audience as a single living organism with which I am sharing a singular, never-to-be-repeated experience.;Martha Plimpton;experience
I think in most jobs, you get better as you get older. You gain experience, you gain knowledge.;Kristin Scott Thomas;experience
Not what we experience, but how we perceive what we experience, determines our fate.;Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach;experience
Ordinary professionalism and 20 years' experience can accomplish a lot, but it can't access the hidden places.;Jeanette Winterson;experience
Art is the imposing of a pattern on experience, and our aesthetic enjoyment is recognition of the pattern.;Alfred North Whitehead;experience
Being a biological mother just isn't part of my experience this time around. However, I am a mother who continues to give birth to ideas and ways of experiencing life that challenge the norm.;Kim Cattrall;experience
There's a positive side to film and television, the sense of feeding into the theater... Your fans will follow you, hopefully, and be open-minded to see you play other things and experience other stories you want to tell.;Kim Cattrall;experience
The problem was to sustain at any cost the feeling you had in the theater that you were watching a real person, yes, but an intense condensation of his experience, not simply a realistic series of episodes.;Arthur Miller;experience
Have you noticed in your past experience that your kind interpretations were almost always truer than you harsh one?;Lawrence G. Lovasik;experience
Given that religious faith is an intrinsic element of human experience, it is best to approach and engage the subject with a sense of history and a critical sensibility.;Jon Meacham;experience
I can't control what people think. I'm not trying to manipulate people's thoughts or sentiments. I write all the time. You have to experience life, make observations, and ask questions. It's machine-like how things are run now in hip-hop, and my ambitions are different.;Mos Def;experience
If you're writing, you're starting in private. It can really be this amazing, private, freeing experience. Forget that it's for other people - that comes in later.;Lena Dunham;experience
Everybody's entitled to think whatever they want and to express that, but my personal day-to-day experience does not come into contact with any of those people.;Amy Grant;experience
Words are capable of making experience more vivid, and also of organizing it. They can scare us, and they can comfort us.;Jonathan Safran Foer;experience
I think on-stage nudity is disgusting, shameful and damaging to all things American. But if I were 22 with a great body, it would be artistic, tasteful, patriotic and a progressive religious experience.;Shelley Winters;experience
So that ends my first experience of matrimony, which I always thought a highly over-rated performance.;Isadora Duncan;experience
With 'Good Will Hunting,' Miramax made certain the recruited audience wasn't expecting to laugh at Robin Williams like they normally do. From my limited experience, you can really blow test screenings by conducting them in the wrong way.;Gus Van Sant;experience
There can be no knowledge without emotion. We may be aware of a truth, yet until we have felt its force, it is not ours. To the cognition of the brain must be added the experience of the soul.;Arnold Bennett;experience
I have never found, in a long experience of politics, that criticism is ever inhibited by ignorance.;Harold MacMillan;experience
In long experience I find that a man who trusts nobody is apt to be the kind of man nobody trusts.;Harold MacMillan;experience
I had a lot of experience with people smarter than I am.;Gerald R. Ford;experience
Disease is an experience of a so-called mortal mind. It is fear made manifest on the body.;Mary Baker Eddy;experience
Education is when you read the fine print experience is what you get when you don't.;Pete Seeger;experience
I just think that the collective experience of going to see a film is something you can't recreate.;Daniel Craig;experience
There's a vintage which comes with age and experience.;Jon Bon Jovi;experience
I discovered early on that some performers live their life in order to act, so all their relationships are simply an experience that they can feed back into their work. Which I find vampiric.;Cate Blanchett;experience
At every step the child should be allowed to meet the real experience of life the thorns should never be plucked from his roses.;Ellen Key;experience
There is no wider gulf in the universe than yawns between those on the hither and thither side of vital experience.;Rebecca West;experience
I do write a lot from personal experience, but I also embellish a bit.;Miranda Lambert;experience
And we're seeing a higher level of consciousness and many more opportunities for people to challenge their present ways of thinking and move into a grander and larger experience of who they really are.;Neale Donald Walsch;experience
If we're picking people to draw out of their own conscience and experience a 'new' Constitution, we should not look principally for good lawyers. We should look to people who agree with us. When we are in that mode, you realize we have rendered the Constitution useless.;Antonin Scalia;experience
It lies in human nature that where you experience your first laughs, you also remember the age kindly.;Vaclav Havel;experience
The experience of being in space didn't change my perspective of myself or of the planet or of life. I had no spiritual experience.;Sally Ride;experience
You know, young actors say all the time, 'Should I use my own life experience?' And my response is, 'What choice do you have?';David Mamet;experience
Find what's hot, find what's just opened and then look for the worst review of the week. There is so much to learn from watching a restaurant getting absolutely panned and having a bad experience. Go and see it for yourself.;Gordon Ramsay;experience
If you've got a piece and you can feel the person who's going to direct it is really made for it, if it's really special for them, then it's going to be a better-than-usual experience.;Edward Norton;experience
In my books, I never portray violence as a reasonable solution to a problem. If the lead characters in the story are driven to it, it's at the extreme end of their experience.;Dean Koontz;experience
You know, in 1975 I couldn't get a job in New York City because I was American. The kitchens were predominantly run by French, Swiss, German, and basically I got laughed at. I had education, I had experience, but got laughed at because I was American.;Emeril Lagasse;experience
Music is subjective to everyone's unique experience.;Jared Leto;experience
The aim of all commentary on art now should be to make works of art - and, by analogy, our own experience - more, rather than less, real to us. The function of criticism should be to show how it is what it is, even that it is what it is, rather than to show what it means.;Susan Sontag;experience
The experience and behavior that gets labeled schizophrenic is a special strategy that a person invents in order to live in an unlivable situation.;R. D. Laing;experience
Some writers can only deal with childhood experience, because it's complete. For another kind of writer, life goes on, and he's able to keep processing that as well.;V. S. Naipaul;experience
There are people hell-bent on the idea that we're a Christian band in disguise, and that we have some secret message. We have no spiritual affiliation with this music. It's simply about life experience.;Amy Lee;experience
If a movie is really working, you forget for two hours your Social Security number and where your car is parked. You are having a vicarious experience. You are identifying, in one way or another, with the people on the screen.;Roger Ebert;experience
Love is blind. My politics has been, too. I think you can fall in love with ideas, and you can fall in love with people. It's a very subjective experience. And I'm loyal to that experience.;Robert Wyatt;experience
Experience isn't interesting until it begins to repeat itself. In fact, till it does that, it hardly is experience.;Elizabeth Bowen;experience
I always thought that one of the reasons why a painter likes especially to have other painters look at his or her work is the shared experience of having pushed paint around.;Chuck Close;experience
Joy, rather than happiness, is the goal of life, for joy is the emotion which accompanies our fulfilling our natures as human beings. It is based on the experience of one's identity as a being of worth and dignity.;Rollo May;experience
I remember when I was 33 or 34, it was devastating because I realized I wasn't a kid anymore. The great thing about 40 was that I really felt like I had life experience and knew what I was doing now.;Jennifer Lopez;experience
Where you are in consciousness has everything to do with what you see in experience.;Eric Butterworth;experience
Obviously an actor draws on his own experience.;Christopher Walken;experience
I really do love Diana Ross I grew up listening to her records. I grew up in a little town in Mexico, so while we got the music, we never got the experience of watching her.;Salma Hayek;experience
To be in a situation where you have no rights whatsoever is something I wish everybody could experience. People's attitudes would change. It would be a better place.;Tommy Chong;experience
I always try to keep the circumstances in my life fresh. I like to change the physical environment I live in, change the people around me and try to experience things for the first time. I think that keeps one on their toes, creatively and spiritually.;Lenny Kravitz;experience
The science of politics is the one science that is deposited by the streams of history, like the grains of gold in the sand of a river and the knowledge of the past, the record of truths revealed by experience, is eminently practical, as an instrument of action and a power that goes to making the future.;Lord Acton;experience
Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself.;Henry Reed;experience
Producing is just a big learning experience.;Ashley Tisdale;experience
Experience taught me that working families are often just one pay check away from economic disaster. And it showed me first-hand the importance of every family having access to good health care.;Dave Obey;experience
Existence itself does not feel horrible it feels like an ecstasy, rather, which we have only to be still to experience.;John Updike;experience
But constant experience shows us that every man invested with power is apt to abuse it, and to carry his authority as far as it will go.;Charles de Secondat;experience
Advertising is the edge of what people know how to do and of human experience and it explains the latest ways progress has changed us to ourselves.;Jaron Lanier;experience
I think everyone's experience with a terminal disease is so deeply personal and unique to the person, the context in which they're living and the relationships that they have.;Laura Linney;experience
My experience is that's rare - that you have a script that is... what they call 'film-ready.';Laura Linney;experience
There is only one thing which can master the perplexed stuff of epic material into unity and that is, an ability to see in particular human experience some significant symbolism of man's general destiny.;Lascelles Abercrombie;experience
The monsters of our childhood do not fade away, neither are they ever wholly monstrous. But neither, in my experience, do we ever reach a plane of detachment regarding our parents, however wise and old we may become. To pretend otherwise is to cheat.;John le Carre;experience
A spy, like a writer, lives outside the mainstream population. He steals his experience through bribes and reconstructs it.;John le Carre;experience
Mysteriously and in ways that are totally remote from natural experience, the gray drizzle of horror induced by depression takes on the quality of physical pain.;William Styron;experience
The sole substitute for an experience which we have not ourselves lived through is art and literature.;Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn;experience
I'd done table reads for my own screenplays, and I always thought they were so much fun. Why couldn't we do these for other classic screenplays and bring them to life? You can experience live theater, where you get to see plays produced by different directors and different casts, but there's really nothing like that for movie scripts.;Jason Reitman;experience
We see our customers as invited guests to a party, and we are the hosts. It's our job every day to make every important aspect of the customer experience a little bit better.;Jeff Bezos;experience
The crucial question one comes back to is the examination without that experience is meaningless. And I think it's true that society is becoming more and more passive, less and less fired up with enthusiasm, in many spheres.;Peter Hammill;experience
Life it is not just a series of calculations and a sum total of statistics, it's about experience, it's about participation, it is something more complex and more interesting than what is obvious.;Daniel Libeskind;experience
Artists need some kind of stimulating experience a lot of times, which crystallizes when you sing about it or paint it or sculpt it. You literally mold the experience the way you want. It's therapy.;Erykah Badu;experience
Sometimes I think our problems are made worse by the kind of business we're in. Playing these road shows is a weird experience.;Loretta Lynn;experience
Prudence is but experience, which equal time, equally bestows on all men, in those things they equally apply themselves unto.;Thomas Hobbes;experience
Many women my age have known the experience of giving up crucial parts of themselves to please the man they love.;Joyce Maynard;experience
I want people to think of me as a nice person. I really am so blessed. All of this has been a great experience and I thank the American public so much for putting me in this position. I appreciate every second of it.;Carrie Underwood;experience
It has always amazed me how tax cuts don't work until they take effect. Mr. Obama's experience with deferred tax rate increases will be the reverse. The economy will collapse in 2011.;Arthur Laffer;experience
