I call crony capitalism, where you take money from successful small businesses, spend it in Washington on favored industries, on favored individuals, picking winners and losers in the economy, that's not pro-growth economics. That's not entrepreneurial economics. That's not helping small businesses. That's cronyism, that's corporate welfare.;Paul Ryan;money
When you first get money, you buy all these things so no one thinks you're mean, and you spread it around. You get a chauffeur and you find yourself thrown around the back of this car and you think, I was happier when I had my own little car! I could drive myself!;Paul McCartney;money
I haven't been as wild with my money as somebody like me might have been. I've been very safe, very conservative with investments. I don't blow money. I don't have a ton of houses. I know things can go away. I've already had that experience.;Jim Carrey;money
A drinker has a hole under his nose that all his money runs into.;Thomas Fuller;money
You loan your friend money. You see them again, they don't say nothin' 'bout the money. 'Hi, how ya doin'? How's ya mama doing?' Man, how's my money doin'?;Chris Tucker;money
If you real desire is to be good, there is no need to wait for the money before you do it you can do it now, this very moment, and just where you are.;James Allen;money
The money can be a hindrance to someone like me because the danger is that you start thinking, 'Is that a $20 million take?' That kind of thing, and being self-critical.;Jim Carrey;money
Money is a handmaiden, if thou knowest how to use it a mistress, if thou knowest not.;Horace;money
The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets.;John D. Rockefeller;money
There are two things people want more than sex and money... recognition and praise.;Mary Kay Ash;money
Teamwork is so important that it is virtually impossible for you to reach the heights of your capabilities or make the money that you want without becoming very good at it.;Brian Tracy;money
Money is the string with which a sardonic destiny directs the motions of its puppets.;W. Somerset Maugham;money
Money is power, and in that government which pays all the public officers of the states will all political power be substantially concentrated.;Andrew Jackson;money
The three most important things a man has are, briefly, his private parts, his money, and his religious opinions.;Samuel Butler;money
It has been said that the love of money is the root of all evil. The want of money is so quite as truly.;Samuel Butler;money
The want of money is the root of all evil.;Samuel Butler;money
We shall never get people whose time is money to take much interest in atoms.;Samuel Butler;money
The sinews of art and literature, like those of war, are money.;Samuel Butler;money
After you're older, two things are possibly more important than any others: health and money.;Helen Gurley Brown;money
I don't believe the most successful people are the ones who got the best grades, got into the best schools, or made the most money.;Ben Stein;money
For a successful entrepreneur it can mean extreme wealth. But with extreme wealth comes extreme responsibility. And the responsibility for me is to invest in creating new businesses, create jobs, employ people, and to put money aside to tackle issues where we can make a difference.;Richard Branson;money
Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does.;Jane Austen;money
I believe that sex is one of the most beautiful, natural, wholesome things that money can buy.;Steve Martin;money
Even with my divorce and with everything, I don't need money.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;money
I have not been that wise. Health I have taken for granted. Love I have demanded, perhaps too much and too often. As for money, I have only realized its true worth when I didn't have it.;Hedy Lamarr;money
No money is better spent than what is laid out for domestic satisfaction.;Samuel Johnson;money
There are few ways in which a man can be more innocently employed than in getting money.;Samuel Johnson;money
We need to shift from an economic organizing principle for human civilization, to a humanitarian organizing principle. Making money more important than your own children is a pathological way for an individual to run their affairs, and it's a pathological way for a society to run its affairs.;Marianne Williamson;money
If you work just for money, you'll never make it, but if you love what you're doing and you always put the customer first, success will be yours.;Ray Kroc;money
I advise everybody not to save: spend your money. Most people save all their lives and leave it to somebody else. Money is to be enjoyed.;Hedy Lamarr;money
I'd like to be rich. I'd like a lot of money to put into my physicals and to buy food for all my friends.;Syd Barrett;money
Well, I think that California has had a history of always spending more money than it takes in.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;money
I have plenty of money, unlike other Hollywood celebrities or athletes that have not invested well.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;money
The focus on my appearance has really surprised me. I've always been a size 14 to 16, I don't care about clothes, I'd rather spend my money on cigarettes and booze.;Adele;money
The more money an American accumulates, the less interesting he becomes.;Gore Vidal;money
It isn't enough for you to love money - it's also necessary that money should love you.;Kin Hubbard;money
Who gets the risks? The risks are given to the consumer, the unsuspecting consumer and the poor work force. And who gets the benefits? The benefits are only for the corporations, for the money makers.;Cesar Chavez;money
One must beware of ministers who can do nothing without money, and those who want to do everything with money.;Indira Gandhi;money
We don't need new taxes. We need new taxpayers, people that are gainfully employed, making money and paying into the tax system. And then we need a government that has the discipline to take that additional revenue and use it to pay down the debt and never grow it again.;Marco Rubio;money
Spirituality does two things for you. One, you are forced to become more selfless, two, you trust to providence. The opposite of a spiritual man is a materialist. If I was a materialist I would be making lots of money doing endorsements, doing cricket commentary. I have no interest in that.;Imran Khan;money
When a fellow says, 'It ain't the money but the principle of the thing,' it's the money.;Kin Hubbard;money
Bargain... anything a customer thinks a store is losing money on.;Kin Hubbard;money
Nobody works as hard for his money as the man who marries it.;Kin Hubbard;money
Money is like a sixth sense without which you cannot make a complete use of the other five.;W. Somerset Maugham;money
Be the business never so painful, you may have it done for money.;Thomas Fuller;money
The process by which banks create money is so simple that the mind is repelled.;John Kenneth Galbraith;money
Money may not buy happiness, but it can damn well give it!;Freddie Mercury;money
It costs a lot of money to look this cheap.;Dolly Parton;money
Recommend virtue to your children it alone, not money, can make them happy. I speak from experience.;Ludwig van Beethoven;money
Money, like vodka, turns a person into an eccentric.;Anton Chekhov;money
One of the evils of money is that it tempts us to look at it rather than at the things that it buys.;E. M. Forster;money
The political system is not for the people. The people are secondary to the economy. It's about what generates money, not about what benefits the people.;Ziggy Marley;money
Knowledge is like money: to be of value it must circulate, and in circulating it can increase in quantity and, hopefully, in value.;Louis L'Amour;money
People first, then money, then things.;Suze Orman;money
Bank failures are caused by depositors who don't deposit enough money to cover losses due to mismanagement.;Dan Quayle;money
Sure, I have friends, plenty of friends, and they all come around wantin' to borrow money. I've always been generous with my friends and family, with money, but selfish with the important stuff like love.;Richard Pryor;money
In fact, the confidence of the people is worth more than money.;Carter G. Woodson;money
If money titles meant anything, I'd play more tournaments. The only thing that means a lot to me is winning. If I have more wins than anybody else and win more majors than anybody else in the same year, then it's been a good year.;Tiger Woods;money
When an actor has money he doesn't send letters, he sends telegrams.;Anton Chekhov;money
Money can't buy you happiness, but it can buy you a yacht big enough to pull up right alongside it.;David Lee Roth;money
The day, water, sun, moon, night - I do not have to purchase these things with money.;Plautus;money
Like anything else that happens on its own, the act of writing is beyond currency. Money is great stuff to have, but when it comes to the act of creation, the best thing is not to think of money too much. It constipates the whole process.;Stephen King;money
Nothing induces me to read a novel except when I have to make money by writing about it. I detest them.;Virginia Woolf;money
Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy, but it's very funny - Did you ever try buying then without money?;Ogden Nash;money
If borrowing and spending all this money led to more jobs than we would be at full employment already.;Paul Ryan;money
Sincerity: willingness to spend one's own money.;Mason Cooley;money
Kindness eases everything almost as much as money does.;Mason Cooley;money
An athlete cannot run with money in his pockets. He must run with hope in his heart and dreams in his head.;Emil Zatopek;money
Books are the money of Literature, but only the counters of Science.;Thomas Huxley;money
The greatest pleasure when I started making money was not buying cars or yachts but finding myself able to have as many freshly typed drafts as possible.;Gore Vidal;money
Politics isn't about big money or power games it's about the improvement of people's lives.;Paul Wellstone;money
If you dream of something worth doing and then simply go to work on it and don't think anything of personalities, or emotional conflicts, or of money, or of family distractions it is amazing how quickly you get through those 5,000 steps.;Edwin Land;money
He who controls the money supply of a nation controls the nation.;James A. Garfield;money
I'm hopeless with money I simply spend what I've got.;Freddie Mercury;money
Well, I think indigenous peoples have ways of living on the Earth that they've had forever. And they've been overrun by organized religion, which has had a lot of money and power.;Alice Walker;money
My goal isn't to make money, it's to try and survive and make a point.;Marilyn Manson;money
I'm not a driven businessman, but a driven artist. I never think about money. Beautiful things make money.;Lord Acton;money
Find something in life that you love doing. If you make a lot of money, that's a bonus, and if you don't, you still won't hate going to work.;Jeff Foxworthy;money
But men are so full of greed today, they'll sell anything for a little piece of money.;Little Richard;money
Almost anyone can be an author the business is to collect money and fame from this state of being.;A. A. Milne;money
The trouble with our people is as soon as they got out of slavery they didn't want to give the white man nothing else. But the fact is, you got to give em something. Either your money, your land, your woman or your ass.;Alice Walker;money
Money and women. They're two of the strongest things in the world. The things you do for a woman you wouldn't do for anything else. Same with money.;Satchel Paige;money
The man whose only pleasure in life is making money, weighs less on the moral scale than an angleworm.;Josh Billings;money
I don't understand it. Jack will spend any amount of money to buy votes but he balks at investing a thousand dollars in a beautiful painting.;Jackie Kennedy;money
Why should people go out and pay money to see bad films when they can stay at home and see bad television for nothing?;Samuel Goldwyn;money
I think that in a year I may retire. I cannot take my money with me when I die and I wish to enjoy it, with my family, while I live. I should prefer living in Germany to any other country, though I am an American, and am loyal to my country.;Harry Houdini;money
You know, I look like a woman but I think like a man. And in this world of business, that has helped me a lot. Because by the time they think that I don't know what's goin' on, I then got the money, and gone.;Dolly Parton;money
Language is like money, without which specific relative values may well exist and be felt, but cannot be reduced to a common denominator.;George Santayana;money
The thing that differentiates man from animals is money.;Gertrude Stein;money
People have taken time out of their day and spent their money to come sit down at a concert. And it's jazz music-it's not easy for them to get to it. I don't want them ever to feel that I'm taking their presence lightly.;Wynton Marsalis;money
I'm not really interested in making money.;Steven Spielberg;money
Money is to my social existence what health is to my body.;Mason Cooley;money
I really don't like talking about money. All I can say is that the Good Lord must have wanted me to have it.;Larry Bird;money
Where large sums of money are concerned, it is advisable to trust nobody.;Agatha Christie;money
We need your help. I need your help. We need money for research. It may not save my life. It may save my children's life. It may save someone you love. And it's very important.;Jim Valvano;money
The strongest bank in the United States will last only so long as the people will have sufficient confidence in it to keep their money there.;Carter G. Woodson;money
But human nature dictates that there will always be cheaters. That's inevitable. Where there's money involved and glory, there are going to be people that cheat, and there will always be ways to cheat.;David Millar;money
I would prefer to have no money but to have a nice family and good friends around.;Li Na;money
New York City is a great monument to the power of money and greed... a race for rent.;Frank Lloyd Wright;money
