Fear not and the God of mercies grant a full gale and a fair entry into His kingdom, which may carry sweetly and swiftly over the bar, that you find not the rub of death.;Donald Cargill;death
I wish to be a martyr, and I don't fear death.;Muqtada al Sadr;death
Death has always had a prominent place in my mind. There are times when I think somebody might kill me.;Dennis Rodman;death
I looked Death right in the face.;Travis Barker;death
We are all of us resigned to death: it's life we aren't resigned to.;Graham Greene;death
The approach of death certainly concentrates the mind.;A. N. Wilson;death
Fear of death has never played a large part in my consciousness - perhaps unimaginative of me.;A. N. Wilson;death
I might be deceiving myself but I do not think that I do have an inordinate fear of death.;A. N. Wilson;death
We see death constantly on film.;Michael Sheen;death
For a culture that has such a problem with death, we seem to deal with it in a quite bizarre way. We see people shot, killed and blown up, and we find it funny and sexy and all those things. But, the reality of it is that every day people die, and people are really sad and they grieve and they go through a really difficult process with it.;Michael Sheen;death
'Hamlet' is one of the most dangerous things ever set down on paper. All the big, unknowable questions like what it is to be a human being the difference between sanity and insanity the meaning of life and death what's real and not real. All these subjects can literally drive you mad.;Michael Sheen;death
If we openly declare what is wrong with us, what is our deepest need, then perhaps the death and despair will by degrees disappear.;J. B. Priestley;death
The most dire disaster in love is the death of imagination.;George Meredith;death
To be immortal is commonplace except for man, all creatures are immortal, for they are ignorant of death what is divine, terrible, incomprehensible, is to know that one is immortal.;Jorge Luis Borges;death
Life and death have been lacking in my life.;Jorge Luis Borges;death
Ultimately life is disease, death and oblivion. It's still better than high school.;Dan Savage;death
My children are magical creatures and I love them to death.;Jack Black;death
But then I'm one of those guys that is still a bit afraid of the telephone, its implications for conversation. I still wonder if the jukebox might be the death of live music.;Tom Waits;death
Perhaps we don't need these religious concoctions to pillow the fear of death. Just the fact that there is an unknown, and something greater, can bring a feeling of peace. That's enough for me.;Brad Pitt;death
If a lot of people gripped a knife and fork the way they do a golf club, they'd starve to death.;Sam Snead;death
In almost every interview someone asks what does HIM stand for. I can't even remember our latest lie about that. When Hanson was hot, we said it means Hanson Is Murder. The name doesn't have a particular history. His Infernal Majesty was a totally different band. I think HIM derives from some death metal joke.;Ville Valo;death
Early this morning, I signed my death warrant.;Michael Collins;death
I don't think I would want the responsibility for enforcing the death penalties. There's always the inevitable question of whether someone you gave the order to execute might truly have been innocent.;Jesse Ventura;death
I hit rock bottom, but thank God my bottom wasn't death.;Stevie Ray Vaughan;death
In an artwork you're always looking for artistic decisions, so an ashtray is perfect. An ashtray has got life and death.;Damien Hirst;death
Since I was a child, death is definitely something that I think about every day. But I think that everybody does. You try and avoid it, but it's such a big thing that you can't.;Damien Hirst;death
The difference between art about death and actual death is that one's a celebration and the other's a dull fact.;Damien Hirst;death
I was taught to confront things you can't avoid. Death is one of those things. To live in a society where you're trying not to look at it is stupid because looking at death throws us back into life with more vigour and energy. The fact that flowers don't last for ever makes them beautiful.;Damien Hirst;death
I wouldn't feel satisfied being on set every day doing a romantic comedy - I'd be bored to death.;Joaquin Phoenix;death
It's not life or death it's a game and at the end of the game there is going to be a winner and a loser.;Bernhard Langer;death
Miller didn't write Death of a Salesman. He released it. It was there inside him, waiting to be turned loose. That's the measure of its merit.;Elia Kazan;death
Death is like an arrow that is already in flight, and your life lasts only until it reaches you.;Georg Hermes;death
I was never afraid of failure after that because, I think, coming that close to death you get kissed. With the years, the actual experience of course fades, but the flavor of it doesn't. I just had a real sense of what choice do I have but to live fully?;Debra Winger;death
I think that obviously, there is a perverse attraction to a fundamentally changed world or the end of the world. There is a death wish, a perverse death wish. Not just for ourselves, not just for the movie 'Death Wish,' but for the end of all human life.;John Hodgman;death
When you think about it, the end of the world is a little bit like death: We all know it's going to come eventually, and as we get older, we feel we see the signs more and more distinctly.;John Hodgman;death
I try to write lyrics so that they won't age, which sort of leaves you with the big subjects like death and love and sex and violence.;Florence Welch;death
A friend said to me, 'Be glad for your troubles - they strengthen you.' Well, if that's the truth, I'm going to be so strong they'll have to beat me to death!;Sonia Johnson;death
She goes through the vale of death alone, each time a babe is born. As it is the right neither of man nor the state to coerce her into this ordeal, so it is her right to decide whether she will endure it.;Margaret Sanger;death
Emigration is no longer a solution it's a defeat. People are risking death, drowning every day, but they're knocking on doors that are not open.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;death
In Goddess religion death is not feared, but is understood to be a part of life, followed by birth and renewal.;Carol P. Christ;death
Death's an old joke, but each individual encounters it anew.;Ivan Turgenev;death
Feminists bore me to death. I follow my instinct and if that supports young girls in any way, great. But I'd rather they saw it more as a lesson about following their own instincts rather than imitating somebody.;Bjork;death
No real English gentleman, in his secret soul, was ever sorry for the death of a political economist.;Walter Bagehot;death
There are hundreds of Frank Lloyd Wright buildings around the United States and in other countries, too. Wright lived into his 90s, and one of his most famous buildings, the Guggenheim Museum in New York, was completed just before his death. Wright buildings look like Wright buildings - that is their paradox.;Jane Smiley;death
Vets do what doctors used to - diagnose the injury or the condition, patch it up as best they can and remind you that these things happen and that in life we are also in the midst of death.;Jane Smiley;death
Somehow, knowing that Alzheimer's is coming mocks all one's aspirations - to tell stories, to think through certain issues as only a novel can do, to be recognised for one's accomplishments and hard work - in a way that old familiar death does not.;Jane Smiley;death
We should weep for men at their birth, not at their death.;Charles de Montesquieu;death
You only live twice. Once when you are born and once when you look death in the face.;Ian Fleming;death
I think when you're 10 years old, it's too much to see something with the threat of death in every episode. Kids are better left naive about certain things.;J. J. Abrams;death
I love myself. Anything that has my name I'm tickled to death.;Barbara Corcoran;death
Sin brought death, and death will disappear with the disappearance of sin.;Mary Baker Eddy;death
There is nothing glamorous about death.;Roger Moore;death
My book 'Trust Your Heart', which is the story of my life, will be followed by 'Singing Lessons', a memoir of love, loss, hope, and healing, which talks about the death of my son and the hope that has been the aftermath of the healing from that tragedy.;Judy Collins;death
Defeat the fear of death and welcome the death of fear.;G. Gordon Liddy;death
The coward sneaks to death the brave live on.;George Sewell;death
Only those who spread treachery, fire, and death out of hatred for the prosperity of others are undeserving of pity.;Jose Marti;death
If the heart stops for more than two minutes, you have massive brain death. There are only two minutes between our conscious world and zero. That's how fragile our consciousness is.;Robin Gibb;death
The police came to me to say I had death threats and that I had to be careful!;Heather Mills;death
I believe in the institution of marriage. Of course being a Mormon, we believe in eternity rather than just till death do us part. If you really try hard, if you make it work, it's blissful. But I also know a marriage that isn't working can be painful.;Donny Osmond;death
I couldn't have foreseen all the good things that have followed my mother's death. The renewed energy, the surprising sweetness of grief. The tenderness I feel for strangers on walkers. The deeper love I have for my siblings and friends. The desire to play the mandolin. The gift of a visitation.;Mary Schmich;death
You haven't lost anything when you know were it is. Death can hide but not divide.;Vance Havner;death
I think people would be alive today if there were a death penalty.;Nancy Reagan;death
As far as my divorce goes, I love my family and I love my wife to death and I just don't know what tomorrow's going to bring.;Hulk Hogan;death
I have had death threats from people with fixations.;Enya;death
Loss and possession, death and life are one, There falls no shadow where there shines no sun.;Hilaire Belloc;death
People who are sick, or who have been sick, or have come close to death have a lot to say - and they want you to hear it.;Anna Deavere Smith;death
Living with the immediacy of death helps you sort out your priorities in life. It helps you to live a less trivial life.;Sogyal Rinpoche;death
The line between life or death is determined by what we are willing to do.;Bear Grylls;death
Bulls can do nothing to demand justice. They can only defend themselves as best they can in a fight with a pre-determined ending and die never knowing why they were forced to endure such a painful and prolonged death. It's up to us, as a civilized society, to call for an end to the Running of the Bulls and bullfighting.;Ingrid Newkirk;death
My faith isn't very churchy, it's a pretty personal, intimate thing and has been a huge source of strength in moments of life and death.;Bear Grylls;death
More than 100 people have been sent to death row who were later exonerated because they weren't guilty or fairly tried. Most criminal defendants do not get adequate representation because there are not enough public defenders to represent them. There is a lot that is wrong.;John Grisham;death
Why would you be afraid of death? It would be an inconvenience. I have a lot of undone things and it's bound to get in the way. But, no, it doesn't scare me at all.;David Carradine;death
We weep over the graves of infants and the little ones taken from us by death but an early grave may be the shortest way to heaven.;Tryon Edwards;death
Everything that is necessary is also easy. You just have to accept it. And the most necessary, the most natural matter on this planet is death.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;death
I was ready to quit music. It felt to me like music equalled death.;Dave Grohl;death
Beauty is a precious trace that eternity causes to appear to us and that it takes away from us. A manifestation of eternity, and a sign of death as well.;Eugene Ionesco;death
I really wanted to do something positive on the Internet. I wanted to try to get young people talking about, thinking about, life's big questions-make it cool and OK to wonder about the heart, the soul and free will and God and death and big topics like that, big human topics.;Rainn Wilson;death
I think that the core doctrines of Christianity - the incarnation, the resurrection, life after death-these are as strong as ever. In fact, the belief in life after death has increased in this century.;Andrew Greeley;death
Of all the artists on Death Row, none of them went bankrupt.;Suge Knight;death
For any culture which is primarily concerned with meaning, the study of death - the only certainty that life holds for us - must be central, for an understanding of death is the key to liberation in life.;Stanislav Grof;death
The study of consciousness that can extend beyond the body is extremely important for the issue of survival, since it is this part of human personality that would be likely to survive death.;Stanislav Grof;death
The motif of death plays an important role the human psyche in connection with archetypal and karmic material.;Stanislav Grof;death
The materialistic paradigm of Western science has been a major obstacle for any objective evaluation of the data describing the events occurring at the time of death.;Stanislav Grof;death
The knowledge of the realm of death makes it possible for the shaman to move freely back and forth and mediate these journeys for other people.;Stanislav Grof;death
The experiences associated with death were seen as visits to important dimensions of reality that deserved to be experienced, studied, and carefully mapped.;Stanislav Grof;death
The elimination of the fear of death transforms the individual's way of being in the world.;Stanislav Grof;death
Research challenges the materialistic understanding of death, according to which biological death represents the final end of existence and of all conscious activity.;Stanislav Grof;death
Individuals approaching death often experience encounters with their dead relatives, who seem to welcome them to the next world. These deathbed visions are authentic and convincing they are often followed by a state of euphoria and seem to ease the transition.;Stanislav Grof;death
If consciousness can function independently of the body during one's lifetime, it could be able to do the same after death.;Stanislav Grof;death
Dying before dying has two important consequences: It liberates the individual from the fear of death and influences the actual experience of dying at the time of biological demise.;Stanislav Grof;death
A number of cases have been reported in which a dying individual has a vision of a person about whose death he or she did not know.;Stanislav Grof;death
The drink? Yes, I've had tough times in my life, especially the last year, regarding my ex-wife, my kids, I nearly broke my neck, I was on death row with pneumonia.;Paul Gascoigne;death
Though I am a Catholic, a professing one, I have serious doubts about the survival of the human personality after death.;Taylor Caldwell;death
I'm death obsessed. You know, I have death all over my house. I have a stuffed two headed sheep!;Kirk Hammett;death
Since fame is an illusion and death is in our future all we have is the next moment before we are swallowed into oblivion.;Al Goldstein;death
Of course, we avoid death. To know something is inevitable is one thing. To accept, to truly feel it... that's different.;Michael Haneke;death
We all labor against our own cure, for death is the cure of all diseases.;Thomas Browne;death
Life itself is but the shadow of death, and souls departed but the shadows of the living.;Thomas Browne;death
What is ironic is that Allen Ginsberg's importance was in its twilight for so many years that it took his death to bring it to the front page. He electrified an entire world!;Rita Dove;death
