A mathematician is a person who can find analogies between theorems a better mathematician is one who can see analogies between proofs and the best mathematician can notice analogies between theories.;Stefan Banach;best
The best way to convince a fool that he is wrong is to let him have his own way.;Josh Billings;best
One of the best temporary cures for pride and affectation is seasickness a man who wants to vomit never puts on airs.;Josh Billings;best
My stay-married secret would probably be exercising good communication, not when you have to but all the time. I think if you do that, you kinda just cleanse the situations, so there's not build up. I think that's probably the best way to do it.;Guy Fieri;best
How mankind defers from day to day the best it can do, and the most beautiful things it can enjoy, without thinking that every day may be the last one, and that lost time is lost eternity!;Max Muller;best
Even a liberal reporter is a patriot, wants the best for this country. And people, your fair and balanced friends at Fox, don't fully understand that.;Mike Wallace;best
The best people renounce all for one goal, the eternal fame of mortals but most people stuff themselves like cattle.;Heraclitus;best
A man's sentiments are generally just and right, while it is second selfish thought which makes him trim and adopt some other view. The best reforms are worked out when sentiment operates, as it does in women, with the indignation of righteousness.;Leland Stanford;best
Music is the best means we have of digesting time.;W. H. Auden;best
What good mothers and fathers instinctively feel like doing for their babies is usually best after all.;Benjamin Spock;best
It is with children that we have the best chance of studying the development of logical knowledge, mathematical knowledge, physical knowledge, and so forth.;Jean Piaget;best
And I believe that the best buy in public health today must be a combination of regular physical exercise and a healthy diet.;Julie Bishop;best
I believe that I often bring out the best in somebody's talents.;David Bowie;best
A Harvard Medical School study has determined that rectal thermometers are still the best way to tell a baby's temperature. Plus, it really teaches the baby who's boss.;Tina Fey;best
The best intelligence test is what we do with our leisure.;Laurence J. Peter;best
To write the lives of the great in separating them from their works necessarily ends by above all stressing their pettiness, because it is in their work that they have put the best of themselves.;Simone Weil;best
Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future.;Dale Turner;best
You do what you can for as long as you can, and when you finally can't, you do the next best thing. You back up but you don't give up.;Chuck Yeager;best
Childhood obesity is best tackled at home through improved parental involvement, increased physical exercise, better diet and restraint from eating.;Bob Filner;best
If somebody says no to you, or if you get cut, Michael Jordan was cut his first year, but he came back and he was the best ever. That is what you have to have. The attitude that I'm going to show everybody, I'm going to work hard to get better and better.;Magic Johnson;best
A strong hatred is the best lamp to bear in our hands as we go over the dark places of life, cutting away the dead things men tell us to revere.;Rebecca West;best
The best kids are going to become the best. But the best thing about it is that you're going to learn lessons in playing those sports about winning and losing and teamwork and teammates and arguments and everything else that are going to affect you positively for the rest of your life.;Carl Lewis;best
Compassion has no place in the natural order of the world which operates on the basis of necessity. Compassion opposes this order and is therefore best thought of as being in some way supernatural.;John Berger;best
Sleep is good, death is better but of course, the best thing would to have never been born at all.;Heinrich Heine;best
Reading - the best state yet to keep absolute loneliness at bay.;William Styron;best
The best of artists has no conception that the marble alone does not contain within itself.;Michelangelo;best
I did my best, and God did the rest.;Hattie McDaniel;best
Punishment may make us obey the orders we are given, but at best it will only teach an obedience to authority, not a self-control which enhances our self-respect.;Bruno Bettelheim;best
The making of friends who are real friends, is the best token we have of a man's success in life.;Edward Everett Hale;best
Remember you will not always win. Some days, the most resourceful individual will taste defeat. But there is, in this case, always tomorrow - after you have done your best to achieve success today.;Maxwell Maltz;best
The best medicine I know for rheumatism is to thank the Lord that it ain't gout.;Josh Billings;best
Proving I'm a good mother is the one achievement I'm most proud of. It's brought out the best in me.;Sheena Easton;best
One of the rarest things that a man ever does, is to do the best he can.;Josh Billings;best
I got a Valentine's Day card from my girl. It said, 'Take my heart! Take my arms! Take my lips!' Which is just like her. Keeping the best part for herself.;Robert Orben;best
No human being is constituted to know the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth and even the best of men must be content with fragments, with partial glimpses, never the full fruition.;William Osler;best
Experience is the best teacher of all. And for that, there are no guarantees that one will become an artist. Only the journey matters.;Harry Callahan;best
The advice of the elders to young men is very apt to be as unreal as a list of the hundred best books.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;best
The bold adventurer succeeds the best.;Ovid;best
I feel I'd like to share my luck and my life. Being in love is the best thing in the world.;Susannah York;best
I keep sailing on in this middle passage. I am sailing into the wind and the dark. But I am doing my best to keep my boat steady and my sails full.;Arthur Ashe;best
This is the great reward of service, to live, far out and on, in the life of others this is the mystery of Christ, - to give life's best for such high sake that it shall be found again unto life eternal.;Joshua Chamberlain;best
You know it's going to hell when the best rapper out there is white and the best golfer is black.;Charles Barkley;best
The best of us must sometimes eat our words.;J. K. Rowling;best
I would like to be remembered as someone who did the best she could with the talent she had.;J. K. Rowling;best
The middle class is so funny, it's the class I know best, and it's the class where you find the most pretension, so that's what makes the middle classes so funny.;J. K. Rowling;best
The only way you can get good, unless you're a genius, is to copy. That's the best thing. Just steal.;Ritchie Blackmore;best
I just need to know that I did the very best I could and that I was true to myself.;Lenny Kravitz;best
I believe in prayer. It's the best way we have to draw strength from heaven.;Josephine Baker;best
The actions of men are the best interpreters of their thoughts.;James Joyce;best
There is a Japanese proverb that literally goes 'Raise the sail with your stronger hand,' meaning you must go after the opportunities that arise in life that you are best equipped to do.;Soichiro Honda;best
The best way to have a good idea is to have a lot of ideas.;Linus Pauling;best
After all it is those who have a deep and real inner life who are best able to deal with the irritating details of outer life.;Evelyn Underhill;best
That's what liberalism is all about, is promoting incompetence on the basis it's fair, because people would be the best if they weren't discriminated against.;Rush Limbaugh;best
We're not arrogant, we just believe we're the best band in the world.;Noel Gallagher;best
For the last five years, we have been presented with the idea that Barack Obama is superhuman. Barack Obama is unlike any of us or anyone else. And he isn't. In fact, he's much less achieved and much less accomplished than most who have gotten half as far as he has, and I think maybe what we saw was the best.;Rush Limbaugh;best
One accusation you can't throw at me is that I've always done my best.;Alan Shearer;best
You should always be well and bright, for so you do your best work and you have so much beautiful work to do. The world needs it, and you must give it!;Marie Corelli;best
Your best is going to change from moment to moment it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick.;Miguel Angel Ruiz;best
I was raised not to be rude, but I also try to get the best work out of people.;Dick Wolf;best
The best books for a man are not always those which the wise recommend, but often those which meet the peculiar wants, the natural thirst of his mind, and therefore awaken interest and rivet thought.;William Ellery Channing;best
Nature scarcely ever gives us the very best for that we must have recourse to art.;Baltasar Gracian;best
All the best performers bring to their role something more, something different than what the author put on paper. That's what makes theatre live. That's why it persists.;Stephen Sondheim;best
I rate Morrissey as one of the best lyricists in Britain. For me, he's up there with Bryan Ferry.;David Bowie;best
I'm not saying that there's anything better than mated bliss at its best, but I'm saying that living alone is as good in its own way. But we haven't quite given ourselves permission to recognize that.;Barbara Feldon;best
Life is an unfoldment, and the further we travel the more truth we can comprehend. To understand the things that are at our door is the best preparation for understanding those that lie beyond.;Hypatia;best
There are people who take rumors and embellish them in a way that can be devastating. And this pollution has to be eradicated by people in our business as best we can.;Bob Woodward;best
I'm aware if I'm playing at my best I'm tough to beat. And I enjoy that.;Tiger Woods;best
I like physics. I think it is the best science out of all three of them, because generally it's more useful. You learn about speed and velocity and time, and that's all clever stuff.;Tom Felton;best
Memories are like mulligatawny soup in a cheap restaurant. It is best not to stir them.;P. G. Wodehouse;best
That's what happens nowadays with people working on computers. They can so easily fix things with their mouse and take out all the, 'Oh, somebody coughed in the background we need to take that out' - or somebody hit a bad note. Those are all the best moments.;Jack White;best
Love is the best thing in the world, and the thing that lives the longest.;Henry Van Dyke;best
It is with rivers as it is with people: the greatest are not always the most agreeable nor the best to live with.;Henry Van Dyke;best
Your performance depends on your people. Select the best, train them and back them. When errors occur, give sharper guidance. If errors persist or if the fit feels wrong, help them move on. The country cannot afford amateur hour in the White House.;Donald Rumsfeld;best
The human species, according to the best theory I can form of it, is composed of two distinct races, the men who borrow and the men who lend.;Charles Lamb;best
I won't accept anything less than the best a player's capable of doing... and he has the right to expect the best that I can do for him and the team!;Oliver Wendell Holmes;best
America is the best half-educated country in the world.;Nicholas M. Butler;best
Scouting rises within you and inspires you to put forth your best.;Juliette Gordon Low;best
But curb thou the high spirit in thy breast, for gentle ways are best, and keep aloof from sharp contentions.;Homer;best
The best way to lose a job is just not to care. When you do not care, it shows in everything you do.;Bo Bennett;best
Coldplay fans are the best in the world. If you like Coldplay then you're obviously very intelligent and good looking and all-around brilliant.;Chris Martin;best
The best teamwork comes from men who are working independently toward one goal in unison.;James Cash Penney;best
By all these lovely tokens September days are here, With summer's best of weather And autumn's best of cheer.;Helen Hunt Jackson;best
One of the best things to come out of the home computer revolution could be the general and widespread understanding of how severely limited logic really is.;Frank Herbert;best
I've analyzed the best I can... and I have not found an impeachable offense, and therefore resignation is not an acceptable course.;Richard M. Nixon;best
The best thing I've learned is, if you're going out, never go out alone - you leave yourself vulnerable. If you've got someone else there you trust, they can say, be wary of that person. I probably used to be too trusting of people.;Daniel Radcliffe;best
The Left Elite only pretend to be concerned about what's best for everyone else because it is the most effective way to manipulate you and your children into their abyss.;Tammy Bruce;best
To not be modest about it, you'll find that with only a couple of exceptions, most of the musicians that I've worked with have done their best work by far with me.;David Bowie;best
While I relish our warm months, winter forms our character and brings out our best.;Tom Allen;best
Old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read.;Athenaeus;best
Sometimes the best lighting of all is a power failure.;Doug Coupland;best
Baseball is almost the only orderly thing in a very unorderly world. If you get three strikes, even the best lawyer in the world can't get you off.;Bill Veeck;best
Music's always been really cathartic. It's the best drug for me to get away from the everyday pressures just for a second via a good song.;Ville Valo;best
Every piece of entertainment is made with the idea that 'This is going to be terrific' and 'This is the best thing I've ever done' and then it hits the public and then the public tells you whether it's good or bad.;William Shatner;best
I think that the best training a top manager can be engaged in is management by example.;Carlos Ghosn;best
People drain me, even the closest of friends, and I find loneliness to be the best state in the union to live in.;Margaret Cho;best
It's my firm conviction that when Uncle Sam calls, by God we go, and we do the best that we can.;R. Lee Ermey;best
I consider my ability to arouse enthusiasm among men the greatest asset I possess. The way to develop the best that is in a man is by appreciation and encouragement.;Charles Schwab;best
The splinter in your eye is the best magnifying-glass.;Theodor Adorno;best
Nobody until very recently would have thought that their husband was supposed to be their best friend, confidante, intellectual soul mate, co-parent, inspiration.;Elizabeth Gilbert;best
