So I think it's - what was important to me is that I found that I can't change the fact that people already have made an opinion about me. But I don't think that should stop me from trying to correct some of the misperceptions that are out there.;Monica Lewinsky;change
There are many challenges, there are many obstacles let us try to change the obstacles to advantages.;Harri Holkeri;change
I don't change. The things around me change.;Jeremy Renner;change
Doubt is an uneasy and dissatisfied state from which we struggle to free ourselves and pass into the state of belief while the latter is a calm and satisfactory state which we do not wish to avoid, or to change to a belief in anything else.;Charles Sanders Peirce;change
I was born left-handed, but I was made to use my other hand. When I was writing 'Famished Road,' which was very long, I got repetitive stress syndrome. My right wrist collapsed, so I started using my left hand. The prose I wrote with my left hand came out denser, so later on I had to change it.;Ben Okri;change
Whoever is content with the world, and who profits from its lack of justice, does not want to change it.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;change
But I think it's more that when you're young, you're invincible, you're immortal - or at least you think you are. The possibilities are limitless, you're inventing the future. Then you get older and suddenly you have a history. It's fixed. You can't change anything. I find that a bit disturbing, to be honest.;Damien Hirst;change
Worry is a useless mulling over of things we cannot change.;Peace Pilgrim;change
If you continually write and read yourself as a fiction, you can change what's crushing you.;Jeanette Winterson;change
Obama has no power to change American policy because there are people who specialize in drawing these policies, which have been and still are hostile towards Islam.;Muqtada al Sadr;change
I don't write for any group. I write to bring about a change in consciousness.;Jeanette Winterson;change
And I do believe that the way to change a society, to uplift people - not just their spirit, but to uplift their society and economic base - is through education.;Rainn Wilson;change
I don't read reviews because by then it's too late - whatever anyone says, the book won't change. It is written.;Jeanette Winterson;change
You know, Motorcycle Diaries has no incredible stories, no sudden plot twists, it doesn't play that way. It's about recognizing that instance of change and embracing it.;Gael Garcia Bernal;change
Sometimes when we are generous in small, barely detectable ways it can change someone else's life forever.;Margaret Cho;change
The Bush-Cheney administration had betrayed some basic American values. So there was hunger for change.;Al Gore;change
I'd say that after my father passed my writing changed, it went deeper. Most would say 'matured' but I don't think I'd use that word in relation to my progress. I think 'change' is a little more accurate.;Rick Springfield;change
I do genuinely believe that the political system is not linear. When it reaches a tipping point fashioned by a critical mass of opinion, the slow pace of change we're used to will no longer be the norm. I see a lot of signs every day that we're moving closer and closer to that tipping point.;Al Gore;change
There are those people who are in your corner no matter what, you can't do any wrong, even when you do wrong. And then there are those people that no matter what you do they are going to dislike you and that's not going to change.;Brett Favre;change
Pick up a rifle and you change instantly from a subject to a citizen.;Jeff Cooper;change
We are all born with a unique genetic blueprint, which lays out the basic characteristics of our personality as well as our physical health and appearance... And yet, we all know that life experiences do change us.;Joan D. Vinge;change
Injuries obviously change the way you approach the game.;Brett Favre;change
I had a very insightful friend who warned me back when I stopped reading scripts, 'It's easier to change directions while you're still moving.' If you stop, it's harder to get started again. I still don't think I made the wrong decision, but he was right.;Debra Winger;change
Styles, like everything else, change. Style doesn't.;Linda Ellerbee;change
We have no reason to think that climate change is harmful if you look at the world as a whole. Most places, in fact, are better off being warmer than being colder. And historically, the really bad times for the environment and for people have been the cold periods rather than the warm periods.;Freeman Dyson;change
It's better to get smart than to get mad. I try not to get so insulted that I will not take advantage of an opportunity to persuade people to change their minds.;John H. Johnson;change
If you don't like the way the world is, you change it. You have an obligation to change it. You just do it one step at a time.;Marian Wright Edelman;change
I wrote seven Myron Bolitar novels in a row, and I never want to write a Myron book where he just solves a crime. Every one of them I want to be personal, and I want him to grow and change. The problem with that is, it makes the series limited, you can't write a series where a guy is always going through some kind of crisis.;Harlan Coben;change
Change is not a destination, just as hope is not a strategy.;Rudy Giuliani;change
A leopard does not change his spots, or change his feeling that spots are rather a credit.;Ivy Compton-Burnett;change
The Howard Hughes I knew began to change after his plane crash in 1941.;Gene Tierney;change
I want art to make me think. In order to do that, it may piss me off, or make me uncomfortable. That promotes awareness and change, or at least some discussion.;Pink;change
I'd be happy to be taken as a woman - and that's what I was initially trying to do when I started throwing on dresses and stuff. But that wasn't going to happen because everyone kept calling me sir. So I thought I'd change the method and just start wearing what I wanted to wear.;Eddie Izzard;change
Governments cannot make marriages or turn feckless individuals into responsible citizens. That needs another kind of change agent.;Jonathan Sacks;change
I don't want to clip on the armour every morning. I've seen some politicians do this and they get a bit mangled and bitter. I just refuse to do that. I refuse to be angry or bitter or complain, and I remain open. I may sometimes be a bit too open but I'm not going to change that one bit.;Nick Clegg;change
Much can and must be done by governments, but they cannot of themselves change lives.;Jonathan Sacks;change
Most of what needs to be changed in the euro zone can be done without treaty changes. The demand for treaty change is as political as it is legal and I don't think it's going to happen soon.;Nick Clegg;change
Europe is dying. That is one of the unsayable truths of our time. We are undergoing the moral equivalent of climate change and no one is talking about it.;Jonathan Sacks;change
What creates freedom? A revolution in the streets? Mass protest? Civil war? A change of government? The ousting of the old guard and its replacement by the new? History, more often than not, shows that hopes raised by such events are often dashed, sooner rather than later.;Jonathan Sacks;change
My kid could get a bad X-ray and I could get a call from the doctor saying I have something growing in my bum and that would change my perspective on everything instantaneously, on what is and what is not important.;Tom Hanks;change
You do have to change things as warfare changes.;Charles Schumer;change
A man's character may be learned from the adjectives which he habitually uses in conversation.;Mark Twain;communication
Truthful words are not beautiful beautiful words are not truthful. Good words are not persuasive persuasive words are not good.;Lao Tzu;communication
The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place.;George Bernard Shaw;communication
Electric communication will never be a substitute for the face of someone who with their soul encourages another person to be brave and true.;Charles Dickens;communication
I'm a great believer that any tool that enhances communication has profound effects in terms of how people can learn from each other, and how they can achieve the kind of freedoms that they're interested in.;Bill Gates;communication
Any problem, big or small, within a family, always seems to start with bad communication. Someone isn't listening.;Emma Thompson;communication
Take advantage of every opportunity to practice your communication skills so that when important occasions arise, you will have the gift, the style, the sharpness, the clarity, and the emotions to affect other people.;Jim Rohn;communication
To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others.;Tony Robbins;communication
By and large, language is a tool for concealing the truth.;George Carlin;communication
The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.;Peter Drucker;communication
I learned never to empty the well of my writing, but always to stop when there was still something there in the deep part of the well, and let it refill at night from the springs that fed it.;Ernest Hemingway;communication
Of all of our inventions for mass communication, pictures still speak the most universally understood language.;Walt Disney;communication
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak.;Epictetus;communication
Communication is a skill that you can learn. It's like riding a bicycle or typing. If you're willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of evry part of your life.;Brian Tracy;communication
Be still when you have nothing to say when genuine passion moves you, say what you've got to say, and say it hot.;David Herbert Lawrence;communication
Photography is more than a medium for factual communication of ideas. It is a creative art.;Ansel Adams;communication
Every day I try to be in communication with the universe in an unconscious way.;Paulo Coelho;communication
The game of life is a game of boomerangs. Our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy.;Florence Scovel Shinn;communication
Bad human communication leaves us less room to grow.;Rowan D. Williams;communication
Communication - the human connection - is the key to personal and career success.;Paul J. Meyer;communication
The communication of the dead is tongued with fire beyond the language of the living.;T. S. Eliot;communication
Genius is the ability to put into effect what is on your mind.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;communication
There is no pleasure to me without communication: there is not so much as a sprightly thought comes into my mind that it does not grieve me to have produced alone, and that I have no one to tell it to.;Michel de Montaigne;communication
Communication leads to community, that is, to understanding, intimacy and mutual valuing.;Rollo May;communication
A man has a property in his opinions and the free communication of them.;James Madison;communication
In the last analysis, what we are communicates far more eloquently than anything we say or do.;Stephen Covey;communication
Email, instant messaging, and cell phones give us fabulous communication ability, but because we live and work in our own little worlds, that communication is totally disorganized.;Marilyn vos Savant;communication
The thing that we are trying to do at facebook, is just help people connect and communicate more efficiently.;Mark Zuckerberg;communication
A powerful idea communicates some of its strength to him who challenges it.;Marcel Proust;communication
No pleasure has any savor for me without communication.;Michel de Montaigne;communication
Number one, cash is king... number two, communicate... number three, buy or bury the competition.;Jack Welch;communication
The desire to write grows with writing.;Desiderius Erasmus;communication
Good communication is just as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;communication
But I'm acutely aware that the possibility of fraud is even more prevalent in today's world because of the Internet and cell phones and the opportunity for instant communication with strangers.;Armistead Maupin;communication
My belief is that communication is the best way to create strong relationships.;Jada Pinkett Smith;communication
He that communicates his secret to another makes himself that other's slave.;Baltasar Gracian;communication
No passion in the world is equal to the passion to alter someone else's draft.;H. G. Wells;communication
Society cannot share a common communication system so long as it is split into warring factions.;Bertolt Brecht;communication
The speed of communications is wondrous to behold. It is also true that speed can multiply the distribution of information that we know to be untrue.;Edward R. Murrow;communication
There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen.;Christopher Morley;communication
The art of writing is the art of discovering what you believe.;Gustave Flaubert;communication
The more we elaborate our means of communication, the less we communicate.;J. B. Priestley;communication
The two words 'information' and 'communication' are often used interchangeably, but they signify quite different things. Information is giving out communication is getting through.;Sydney J. Harris;communication
I believe in communication books communicate ideas and make bridges between people.;Jeanette Winterson;communication
Pure truth cannot be assimilated by the crowd it must be communicated by contagion.;Henri Frederic Amiel;communication
Extremists think 'communication' means agreeing with them.;Leo Rosten;communication
Self-expression must pass into communication for its fulfillment.;Pearl S. Buck;communication
There are some people who have the quality of richness and joy in them and they communicate it to everything they touch. It is first of all a physical quality then it is a quality of the spirit.;Tom Wolfe;communication
Writing has nothing to do with communication between person and person, only with communication between different parts of a person's mind.;Rebecca West;communication
The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak.;Hans Hofmann;communication
Communication works for those who work at it.;John Powell;communication
I see dance being used as communication between body and soul, to express what it too deep to find for words.;Ruth St. Denis;communication
To communicate through silence is a link between the thoughts of man.;Marcel Marceau;communication
It sounds so trite but in relationships, you have to communicate.;Peter Krause;communication
Communication is everyone's panacea for everything.;Tom Peters;communication
I try to just communicate what I want done as clearly and simply as possible.;Dick Wolf;communication
Science may never come up with a better office communication system than the coffee break.;Earl Wilson;communication
Words, once they are printed, have a life of their own.;Carol Burnett;communication
