I work with people I admire and respect. It's never because of who they are.;Alexander McQueen;respect
What society doesn't realize is that in the past, ordinary people respected learning. They respected books, and they don't now, or not very much. That whole respect for serious literature and learning has disappeared.;Doris Lessing;respect
People always love and respect characters who speak the truth, even if the truth hurts.;David Duchovny;respect
As to happiness in this life it is hardly compatible with that diminished respect which ever attends the relinquishing of labour.;Anthony Trollope;respect
I've spent a bit of time with the Prince of Wales, who I respect greatly. I'd give two cheers for the Monarchy.;Sting;respect
Never esteem men on account of their riches or their station. Respect goodness, find it where you may.;William Cobbett;respect
I got a lot of things that society had promised would make me whole and fulfilled - all the things that the culture tells you from preschool on will quiet the throbbing anxiety inside you - stature, the respect of colleagues, maybe even a kind of low-grade fame.;Anne Lamott;respect
When I was young there was no respect for the young, and now that I am old there is no respect for the old. I missed out coming and going.;J. B. Priestley;respect
When a woman removes her garment, she also removes the respect that is hers.;Herodotus;respect
I have a rule on my team: when we talk to one another, we look each other right in the eye, because I think it's tough to lie to somebody. You give respect to somebody.;Mike Krzyzewski;respect
Gymnastics taught me everything - life lessons, responsibility and discipline and respect.;Shawn Johnson;respect
A police force, wherever they are, is made up of amazing people, and I respect them a great deal.;Nancy McKeon;respect
We may not always agree with every one of our neighbors. That's life. And it's part of living in such a diverse and dense city. But we also recognize that part of being a New Yorker is living with your neighbors in mutual respect and tolerance. It was exactly that spirit of openness and acceptance that was attacked on 9/11, 2001.;Michael Bloomberg;respect
But I look at failure as education. In that respect, I am so well-educated.;Kathy Ireland;respect
You should be able to voice your opinion and respect the voice of the other side. You should be willing to educate yourself and know what it is you're dealing with.;Steve Nash;respect
Respect for the fragility and importance of an individual life is still the mark of an educated man.;Norman Cousins;respect
When you are learning about a martial art, it is about respect.;Jackie Chan;respect
People are giving me more respect.;Christina Ricci;respect
Become an internationalist and learn to respect all life. Make war on machines. And in particular the sterile machines of corporate death and the robots that guard them.;Abbie Hoffman;respect
Why do you think I write these feminist songs, to try and teach myself to respect myself. You know, it's not because I'm a hero.;Ani DiFranco;respect
Respect for self is the beginning of cultivating virtue in men and women.;Gordon B. Hinckley;respect
Voters don't have to love him, Romney advisers say, but they will respect him.;Ron Fournier;respect
The conqueror is regarded with awe the wise man commands our respect but it is only the benevolent man that wins our affection.;William Dean Howells;respect
A woman's experience is different from a man's in virtually every respect, including how she is treated by the media.;Carly Fiorina;respect
What I do as best I can is out of a deep respect for children, for how difficult their world is.;Maurice Sendak;respect
I grew up to always respect authority and respect those in charge.;Charles de Gaulle;respect
I want to say a little something that's long overdue, the disrespect to women has got to be through. To all the mothers and the sisters and the wives and friends, I wanna offer my love and respect till the end.;Adam Yauch;respect
Civilization is a method of living, an attitude of equal respect for all men.;Jane Addams;respect
I think the short story is a very underrated art form. We know that novels deserve respect.;Neil Gaiman;respect
A jealous lover of human liberty, deeming it the absolute condition of all that we admire and respect in humanity, I reverse the phrase of Voltaire, and say that, if God really existed, it would be necessary to abolish him.;Mikhail Bakunin;respect
But I recognize no infallible authority, even in special questions consequently, whatever respect I may have for the honesty and the sincerity of such or such an individual, I have no absolute faith in any person.;Mikhail Bakunin;respect
The working class owes all honor and respect to the first men who planted the standard of labor solidarity on the hostile frontier of unorganized industry.;Ralph Chaplin;respect
In finding love, I think it's important to be patient. In being in a relationship, I think it's important to be honest, to communicate, to respect and trust, and to strive to give more than you take.;Kina Grannis;respect
Now, we occupy a lowly position, both in space and rank in comparison with the heavenly sphere, and the Almighty is Most High not in space, but with respect to absolute existence, greatness and power.;Maimonides;respect
Like Christ said, love thee one another. I learned to do that, and I learned to respect and be appreciative and thankful for what I had.;James Brown;respect
I adore adverbs they are the only qualifications I really much respect.;Henry James;respect
Steve Irwin did wonderful conservation work but I was uncomfortable about some of his stunts. Even if animals aren't aware that you are not treating them with respect, the viewers are.;David Attenborough;respect
I think the new generation is much more demanding about respect for the environment than we have ever imagined.;Carlos Ghosn;respect
Give your teachers the respect they deserve, because they are the ones who can help you get where you need to go.;Richard Howard;respect
I grew up in a family of strong women and I owe any capacity I have to understand women to my mother and big sister. They taught me to respect women in a way where I've always felt a strong emotional connection to women, which has also helped me in the way I approach my work as an actor.;Ryan Gosling;respect
Labor wants pride and joy in doing good work, a sense of making or doing something beautiful or useful - to be treated with dignity and respect as brother and sister.;Thorstein Veblen;respect
In the sense that you're not at the centre of power, like a president or prime minister of a major power, everyone is marginalised my position doesn't isn't unique in that respect. I think there are different sorts of relevance in different contexts.;Peter Singer;respect
I met Jesse Owens once. He was a remarkable individual, and I have tremendous respect for what he did in the Olympics under the circumstances.;Lee Trevino;respect
There are only two occasions when Americans respect privacy, especially in Presidents. Those are prayer and fishing.;Herbert Hoover;respect
I love romantic comedies. I have a deep respect for them. I think they're really difficult to write and write well.;Rashida Jones;respect
I see the entire world as Eden, and every time you take an inch of it away, you must do so with respect.;Joni Mitchell;respect
We are not directly involved in Syria. But we will be working with our partners in the European Union and at the United Nations to see if we can persuade the Syrian authorities to go, as I say, more in that direction of respect for democracy and human rights.;William Hague;respect
Where defining foreign policy as 'ethical' went wrong was that it implied that all decisions would be exclusive in every respect of any dealings with unethical regimes.;William Hague;respect
A great chef is an artist that I truly respect.;Robert Stack;respect
This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible service to him.;William Lyon Phelps;respect
I respect knowledge of the psyche. I would be a therapist if I weren't an entertainer.;Jessica Simpson;respect
I have so much respect for my mom and all the women across the world.;Jessica Simpson;respect
You totally value and respect your body as you get older.;Jenny McCarthy;respect
The politician in my country seeks votes, affection and respect, in that order. With few notable exceptions, they are simply men who want to be loved.;Edward R. Murrow;respect
Most young people have tremendous respect for older people's views.;Dennis Prager;respect
By common consent gray hairs are a crown of glory the only object of respect that can never excite envy.;George Bancroft;respect
I'm not a big fan of Women's Liberation, but maybe it will help women stand up for the respect they're due.;Loretta Lynn;respect
I've got too much respect for stand-ups to call myself one.;Johnny Vegas;respect
From the spinners, Anil and I have been together for a long time and I respect him a lot.;Sachin Tendulkar;respect
As a younger actor you want to be approved of, you want to gain respect, be admired. All of those things. To say: 'This is me playing this character. And aren't I fantastic!' I don't feel that so much now.;Kristin Scott Thomas;respect
All of us should have free choice when it comes to patriotic displays... a government wisely acting within its bounds will earn loyalty and respect from its citizens. A government dare not demand the same.;Jesse Ventura;respect
I do support artists standing by their beliefs and walking with integrity. We have to find a better way to commercially exploit music while giving artists their proper respect. This cannot be done while taking their contributions for granted or trying to control the scope of their growth and power through threats and fear tactics.;Lauryn Hill;respect
My faith foundation works to bring about a greater respect and understanding between different faiths. We basically work with six popular religions in the world which are the three Abrahamic religions, Hinduism and Buddhism and Sikhism.;Tony Blair;respect
It has been wisely observed by the greatest of modern thinkers that mankind has progressed more rapidly in every other respect than in morality.;Lafcadio Hearn;respect
I think the sexiest thing on anybody is intelligence. I respect somebody who has a brain and wants to use it more than a pretty face and status.;Sophia Bush;respect
I've an enormous respect for my mother who at the age of 39 raised three children, and I grew up with my grandmother in the household. And so it was a really strong household of women - my poor brother! It was great growing up with so many generations of women.;Cate Blanchett;respect
If you don't stand for something, how can anyone respect what you do?;Miranda Lambert;respect
Even the most understated ceremony involves a certain respect for ritual and pageantry. No one plays more of a significant role than the bride's attendants.;Vera Wang;respect
Bad acting comes in many bags, various odors. It can be performed by cardboard refugees from an Ed Wood movie, reciting their dialogue off an eye chart, or by hopped-up pros looking to punch a hole through the fourth wall from pure ballistic force of personality, like Joe Pesci in a bad mood. I can respect bad acting that owns its own style.;James Wolcott;respect
I am sure that, on the one hand, the Rothschilds appreciate the merits of Marx, and that on the other hand, Marx feels an instinctive inclination and a great respect for the Rothschilds.;Mikhail Bakunin;respect
If the individual is to be happy in the contemporary order, he must be open-minded with respect to new values and new arrangements.;Thomas Cochrane;respect
If I pick up a book with spaceships on the cover, I want spaceships. If I see one with dragons, I want there to be dragons inside the book. Proper labeling. Ethical labeling. I don't want to open up my cornflakes and find that they're full of pebbles... You need to respect the reader enough not to call it something it isn't.;Margaret Atwood;respect
If a person studies too much and exhausts his reflective powers, he will be confused, and will not be able to apprehend even that which had been within the power of his apprehension. For the powers of the body are all alike in this respect.;Maimonides;respect
Like I said, I've got too much respect for women to marry them, but that doesn't mean you can't support them emotionally and financially.;Sylvester Stallone;respect
I think that people who live in cultures without quite so much privilege, opportunity or grandiosity have a little bit more respect for the workings of destiny, and the limitations that people can find themselves in through no fault of their own.;Elizabeth Gilbert;respect
I have no problem going on record with this and probably have gone on record with this before, there aren't that many people who I respect. There just aren't.;Marc Jacobs;respect
I respect the state workers and I respect their unions, but we simply can't afford to pay benefits and pensions that are out of line with economic reality.;Andrew Cuomo;respect
I'm not gonna say that I hate it, because I really respect Usher and I was influenced by him. But so many people compare me to him, and I don't think it'll ever stop. I just want to be my own artist.;Chris Brown;respect
Discretion is nothing other than the sense of justice with respect to the sphere of the intimate contents of life.;Georg Simmel;respect
I'm a scientist, not a theologian. I don't know if there is a God or not. Religion requires certainty. Revere and respect Gaia. Have trust in Gaia. But not faith.;James Lovelock;respect
If we were all determined to play the first violin we should never have an ensemble. therefore, respect every musician in his proper place.;Robert Schumann;respect
After reading Eminem's autobiography, which I did because I'm so interested in him as an artist, I respect him a lot. Even though he seems angry and mad, he's had to fight so many demons in his life.;Taryn Manning;respect
There is so much work to be done to treat gays and lesbians and gay and lesbian couples with the respect that they're entitled to. They deserve, in my judgment, partnership benefits. They deserve to be treated fairly when it comes to adoption and immigration.;John Edwards;respect
I'm always pushing for human responsibility. Given that chimpanzees and many other animals are sentient and sapient, then we should treat them with respect.;Jane Goodall;respect
Israel was born under the British mandate. We learned from the British what democracy means, and how it behaves in a time of danger, war and terror. We thank Britain for introducing freedom and respect of human rights both in normal and demanding circumstances.;Shimon Peres;respect
The older generation had greater respect for land than science. But we live in an age when science, more than soil, has become the provider of growth and abundance. Living just on the land creates loneliness in an age of globality.;Shimon Peres;respect
That said, the question remains: how to strike the balance between free speech and mutual respect in this mixed-up world, both blessed and cursed with instant communication? We should not fight fire with fire, threats with threats.;Timothy Garton Ash;respect
Facts matter. Science matters. Reason matters. Mitt Romney has shown an inability to respect any of the three. President Barack Obama not only respects them, he relies on them. He is an overwhelming and unquestioned choice to continue as president.;Eliot Spitzer;respect
I'm not patient, and some things drive me crazy. In my work, I get incredibly upset when people don't get it right or don't respect others' needs.;Colin Firth;respect
Cheerleaders deserve a lot of respect for what they do.;Ashley Tisdale;respect
To retain respect for sausages and laws, one must not watch them in the making.;Otto von Bismarck;respect
I feel like everybody is against Floyd Mayweather. I don't get any respect.;Floyd Mayweather, Jr.;respect
It's nice to know that people appreciate and respect you.;Marcel Carne;respect
Respect the place you live, be aware of the impact that you have on things.;Marion Cotillard;respect
When I first came to Nashville, people hardly gave country music any respect. We lived in old cars and dirty hotels, and we ate when we could.;Loretta Lynn;respect
Every human being, of whatever origin, of whatever station, deserves respect. We must each respect others even as we respect ourselves.;U Thant;respect
Money is always on its way somewhere. What you do with it while it is in your keeping and the direction you send it in say much about you. Your treatment of and respect for money, how you make it, and how you spend it, reflect your character.;Gary Ryan Blair;respect
I respect country music because I feel like it's more about the talent and the songwriting and I put on a big show and we have a lot of stuff, but I feel confident in myself enough as an artist and a singer that I can have all of those fun toys and know that we don't need all the bells and whistles either.;Carrie Underwood;respect
I contribute my best in my sport and I also have a ton of respect for myself and my family.;Venus Williams;respect
