I don't think I'm a total pessimist, so I think you can find hope in all my films.;Spike Lee;hope
We hope that, when the insects take over the world, they will remember with gratitude how we took them along on all our picnics.;Bill Vaughan;hope
Oh man. If I had magic powers... I would hope that I would use them for good. I think I would. But I would do something pretty trivial like making traffic disappear.;Nick Stahl;hope
When you put something out there into the world, there's all these words you don't want to hear, that you hope people don't say. I don't like anything that starts with 're' - like retro, reinvent, recreate - I hate that. It's always like living in the past - copying, emulating.;Jack White;hope
Her beauty didn't do her any good and she couldn't use it in any positive way or manipulative way. I just hope that people will look and see and believe in that hope of love, that hope of freedom, even if it was just for a limited time.;Diane Kruger;hope
I hope my music sets up the platform for me to be able to do lots of things - to have a cowboy-boot line, maybe, or do a perfume or makeup deal.;Miranda Lambert;hope
Logic is one thing, the human animal another. You can quite easily propose a logical solution to something and at the same time hope in your heart of hearts it won't work out.;Luigi Pirandello;hope
On August 28, 2010, Fox News messiah Glenn Beck hosted a 'Restoring Honor' revival meeting featuring sexy guest star Sarah Palin, much as Bob Hope would roll out Raquel Welch in white go-go boots on his U.S.O. tours to give our fighting men a morale lift in their khakis.;James Wolcott;hope
I, for one, hope that youth will again revolt and again demoralize the dead weight of conformity that now lies upon us.;Howard Mumford Jones;hope
There will always be a place for us somewhere, somehow, as long as we see to it that working people fight for everything they have, everything they hope to get, for dignity, equality, democracy, to oppose war and to bring to the world a better life.;Harry Bridges;hope
I try to make my life about service, and hope that one day we can all 'see' a little better because God is with everyone and everywhere.;Russell Simmons;hope
I try to give people hope. Even though life is bleak, there's hope out there.;Danielle Steel;hope
My dear sister, I hope, when God Almighty in his righteous providence shall take me out of time into eternity, that it will be by a flash of lightning.;James Otis;hope
For all their current prestige, Osama bin Laden and the suicide bombers are still regarded in all but the most desperate districts of Gaza or Peshawar as romantics with little chance of more than symbolic victories, however bloody and brutal. That gives both the Middle East and the West a small and distant hope of security.;James Buchan;hope
There are no greater treasures than the highest human qualities such as compassion, courage and hope. Not even tragic accident or disaster can destroy such treasures of the heart.;Daisaku Ikeda;hope
When one takes action for others, one's own suffering is transformed into the energy that can keep one moving forward a light of hope illuminating a new tomorrow for oneself and others is kindled.;Daisaku Ikeda;hope
The worst enemy of human hope is not brute facts, but men of brains who will not face them.;Max Eastman;hope
I have been reading Stephen King since CARRIE and hope to read him for many years to come.;Dean Koontz;hope
The hope of the nation which throughout the nineteenth century had not for a moment reconciled itself with the loss of independence, and fighting for its own freedom, fought at the same time for the freedom of other nations.;Lech Walesa;hope
I hope to work harder than ever to help people around the world.;Lech Walesa;hope
Hope is like a road in the country there was never a road, but when many people walk on it, the road comes into existence.;Lin Yutang;hope
You say that your hope is in God, and he will, I am sure, stand by you. But you must not forget that you have been given worldly means to use and employ against human arrogance and wrong it is necessary to see such things with a broad mind in order to oppose them.;Knute Nelson;hope
One thing that being a scientist has taught me is that you can never be certain about anything. You never know the truth. You can only approach it and hope to get a bit nearer to it each time. You iterate towards the truth. You don't know it.;James Lovelock;hope
If the character is true, the movie will fall into place. Or at least that's what you hope.;Ryan Gosling;hope
For now, I'm just going to keep doing the work and hope I don't get fired. If people want to put me up on their walls, I'll love it.;Ryan Gosling;hope
Many will view the compromises that will be made during your negotiations as painful concessions. But why not view them as peace offerings, ones that will provide in return the priceless gifts of hope, security and freedom for our children and our children's?;King Abdullah II;hope
Pity the selfishness of lovers: it is brief, a forlorn hope it is impossible.;Elizabeth Bowen;hope
Today, one year after their divorce, Pamela and Tommy Lee announced they're getting back together. You know what that means? There's still hope for Ike and Tina Turner.;Jay Leno;hope
I don't consider myself to be a major talent, so the only solace I can take is to hope I'm growing.;Paul Simon;hope
They have a kind of Bob Hope and Bing Crosby thing going on.;Christopher Walken;hope
One of the greatest delusions in the world is the hope that the evils in this world are to be cured by legislation.;Thomas Reed;hope
I've flown across America, I've scaled fences, I've stood under windows and gone out of my way hundreds of times. I'm a hopeless romantic. There's no hope for me.;Joel Madden;hope
Do you force your kids to pay attention to what's going on, or do you let them live their lives outside of it? My hope is that my child is a strong activist. That would make me most proud.;Eddie Vedder;hope
My hope is that people will be repulsed by the character's complete lack of ethics and obsession with consumerism - that's what I was saying about the difference between the character's message and the film's message.;Christian Bale;hope
I hope to inspire people, influence people.;Ashley Tisdale;hope
There is nothing so well known as that we should not expect something for nothing - but we all do and call it Hope.;E. W. Howe;hope
Loss of hope rather than loss of life is what decides the issues of war. But helplessness induces hopelessness.;B. H. Liddell Hart;hope
What I hope in my ideal world is that with each project, I'll either get to work with a really great script that would force me to grow, or work with a really great actor who will make me better.;Laura Linney;hope
I hope that anyone I worked with wouldn't exploit our relationship.;Laura Linney;hope
Most people like to read about intrigue and spies. I hope to provide a metaphor for the average reader's daily life. Most of us live in a slightly conspiratorial relationship with our employer and perhaps with our marriage.;John le Carre;hope
I don't want to make films that give you the answer. If there is a message to my films - and I hope there isn't - it's to be open-minded.;Jason Reitman;hope
When you're young, you want to make every kind of film: musicals, Westerns, horror. Slowly you begin to hear your own voice. I hope people receive what I do as small, personal films that are somewhat contrarian about their main characters.;Jason Reitman;hope
So, influenced by these advisors and this hope, I have at length allowed my friends to publish the work, as they had long besought me to do.;Nicolaus Copernicus;hope
As a black man, my hope is that I can touch more and more people all over the world of different races and different colours.;LL Cool J;hope
I hope you will no longer accuse me of a lack of delicacy. as I now count on your understanding.;Gustav Mahler;hope
As great scientists have said and as all children know, it is above all by the imagination that we achieve perception, and compassion, and hope.;Ursula K. Le Guin;hope
Together we can make a world where cancer no longer means living with fear, without hope, or worse.;Patrick Swayze;hope
This AIDS stuff is pretty scary. I hope I don't get it.;Robert Mapplethorpe;hope
I just hope I can live long enough to see the fame.;Robert Mapplethorpe;hope
For a person who promised hope and civility in politics, Mr. Obama has shown a borderline obsessiveness in blaming Mr. Bush.;Karl Rove;hope
When it's said and done, the one thing I want to leave on this earth is hope. I have felt hopelessness, and it's a terrible feeling. Hopelessness will destroy you. I want to bring hope to other people.;Paula Deen;hope
My hope is that I will take the good from my experiences and extrapolate them further into areas with which I am unfamiliar. I simply do not know exactly what that difference will be in my judging. But I accept there will be some based on my gender and my Latina heritage.;Sonia Sotomayor;hope
I've tried to handle winning well, so that maybe we'll win again, but I've also tried to handle failure well. If those serve as good examples for teachers and kids, then I hope that would be a contribution I have made to sport. Not just basketball, but to sport.;Mike Krzyzewski;hope
To eat bread without hope is still slowly to starve to death.;Pearl S. Buck;hope
Change is not a destination, just as hope is not a strategy.;Rudy Giuliani;hope
I think they'd rather us follow our hearts and I hope that's what some people will understand.;Fred Durst;hope
Americans appreciate the way our friends around the world are sticking by us, and we all hope for their continued support in what's going to be some very trying times.;Joe Lando;hope
Hope is the feeling that the feeling you have isn't permanent.;Jean Kerr;hope
You don't seem to realize that a poor person who is unhappy is in a better position than a rich person who is unhappy. Because the poor person has hope. He thinks money would help.;Jean Kerr;hope
There's always hope. You can lose everything else in the world, but Jews never lose hope.;Jonathan Sacks;hope
That's what's nice about directing a film and having it done: There's nothing more I can do about it. It's done. That's it. All I can do is let it go and hope that people are kind to it.;Tom Hanks;hope
When I was teaching in the 1960s in Boston, there was a great deal of hope in the air. Martin Luther King Jr. was alive, Malcolm X was alive great, great leaders were emerging from the southern freedom movement.;Jonathan Kozol;hope
The contrasts between what is spent today to educate a child in the poorest New York City neighborhoods, where teacher salaries are often even lower than the city averages, and spending levels in the wealthiest suburban areas are daunting challenges to any hope New Yorkers might retain that even semblances of fairness still prevail.;Jonathan Kozol;hope
If we all worked on the assumption that what is accepted as true is really true, there would be little hope of advance.;Orville Wright;hope
I don't want to hope anymore. I don't think we should hope anymore. We hoped enough. Now we have to do. We all have to do now.;will.i.am;hope
The poor prey on one another because their lives offer no hope and communicate the tragic message to these human beings that they have no possibility to attain a decent standard of living.;Thabo Mbeki;hope
I never make a movie for awards consideration. I will use the hope of getting an Academy Award a) to honor the people who work so hard and also b) it's the greatest Good Housekeeping seal in the world. It's the greatest brand. It's as good as Louis Vuitton and Dior in the world of moviemaking. It's the Super Bowl.;Harvey Weinstein;hope
I hope to continue my friendship with France and its filmmakers for many years to come.;Harvey Weinstein;hope
I would hope that understanding and reconciliation are not limited to the 19th hole alone.;Gerald R. Ford;hope
The great hope of society is in individual character.;William Ellery Channing;hope
I kind of call myself an atheist, I suppose - although quite a spiritual atheist, I hope.;Danny Boyle;hope
In between films I like to travel and hope to visit every continent before I become a mother.;Diane Kruger;hope
I hope I left behind a legacy that people will enjoy. But whatever they want to say, I can't predict.;Robert Duvall;hope
Bottom up thinkers try to start from experience and move from experience to understanding. They don't start with certain general principles they think beforehand are likely to be true they just hope to find out what reality is like.;John Polkinghorne;hope
I don't know how many good books I still have in me I hope there are another four or five.;Haruki Murakami;hope
I hope I never get so hard up I have to do advertisements. I've gotten ridiculous offers.;Tracey Ullman;hope
To my utter despair I have discovered, and discover every day anew, that there is in the masses no revolutionary idea or hope or passion.;Mikhail Bakunin;hope
It has never been, and never will be easy work! But the road that is built in hope is more pleasant to the traveler than the road built in despair, even though they both lead to the same destination.;Marion Zimmer Bradley;hope
You never know what movie I will be in next, but let's just hope it's sells (for my sake at least)!;Cameron Diaz;hope
What can you do if a part of it is uphill? You can't work out another route. You've just got to run the one they give you. But they tell me London is a nice course. Even the cobbles, I hope, are not very much of a problem for me.;Haile Gebrselassie;hope
Nothing you write, if you hope to be good, will ever come out as you first hoped.;Lillian Hellman;hope
We will have to give up the hope that, if we try hard, we somehow will always do right by our children. The connection is imperfect. We will sometimes do wrong.;Judith Viorst;hope
There is no hope even that woman, with her right to vote, will ever purify politics.;Emma Goldman;hope
I think by now I have made it fairly clear that I am not very happy with the word hope. I don't believe in people just hoping.;Aung San Suu Kyi;hope
My opinion is the greatest reward that any government could get is the approval of the people. If the people are happy and the people are at peace and the government has done something for them, that's the greatest reward I think any government could hope for.;Aung San Suu Kyi;hope
To communicate the truths of history is an act of hope for the future.;Daisaku Ikeda;hope
There are a lot of movies I'd like to throw away. That's not to say that I went in with that attitude. Any film I ever started, I went in with all the hope and best intentions in the world, but some films just don't work.;Kiefer Sutherland;hope
The other day I got a text from a boy, but it wasn't hot. I mean, if you're going to text me every day, you haven't seen me for months and you're trying to seduce me, you'd better spice up that text and make it more exciting than 'How was your day? I hope you're having a beautiful one.' Sadly, I haven't been doing a lot of kissing lately.;Chloe Sevigny;hope
I hope that through my example, such as my role on 'The West Wing,' I can help change attitudes on deafness and prove we can really do everything... except hear.;Marlee Matlin;hope
I hope I'm not a tourist attraction - I'm sure that they come here really because St. Andrews is just amazing, a beautiful place.;Prince William;hope
I have learned from my experiences in this industry that there is absolutely no way to control people's opinions on your performance in your movie. You go out there, promote your film and hope people like the work you did.;Leonardo DiCaprio;hope
I love Bono. I really respect what he has done for Africa and how he has used his fame to do good in the world. I hope I can do half as much in my life.;Alicia Keys;hope
Over the past few years, the road to confrontation has shown its consequences: loss of innocent lives, destruction and fear. Most costly, however, was the loss of hope. The most precious gift that you can present to your peoples over the coming weeks is renewed hope born out of tangible progress on the ground.;King Abdullah II;hope
Is Israel going to continue to be 'Fortress Israel'? Or, as we all hope, become accepted into the neighborhood, which I believe is the only way we can move forward in harmony.;King Abdullah II;hope
I hope that none of the countries in the Middle East are planning anything but the peaceful utilization of nuclear energy.;King Abdullah II;hope
At the end of the day we want to bring stability and hope to Iraq. That's the only way to defeat terrorism.;King Abdullah II;hope
We have to always hope in humanity that people will make the right choices.;King Abdullah II;hope
You have to trust your kids. They have to experience life, and you just hope you've provided them a foundation for what's right and what isn't.;Jack Nicklaus;hope
I am not afraid of dying. I have lived longer than most people in the world. What scares me is to have a body that works but a brain that is waving goodbye. If that happens, I hope I die quickly.;Henning Mankell;hope
