We were doing it under the most extraordinary circumstances, but the first out of the tent in the morning would be David Lean. He said to me on the very first day of shooting, Pete, this is the beginning of a great adventure.;Peter O'Toole;morning
Most songs have meager beginnings. You wake up in the morning, you throw on your suspenders, and you subvocalize and just think. They seem to form like calcium. I can't think of a story right off the bat that was that interesting. I write things on the back of my hand, usually, and sing into a tape recorder.;Tom Waits;morning
Hitchhiking was such a pure form of existence. You'd wake up in the morning, and you'd have no idea what your day was going to be. And that's something I've never been able to shake. I loved that.;John Hawkes;morning
I had the closest thing I have ever had to an out-of-body experience lying in bed one morning. I turned on the 'Today' programme and item four on the news was: 'The shadow chancellor has ruled himself out of the leadership.' I lay there thinking that's interesting, then I realised it was me.;George Osborne;morning
I half knew what to expect when I saw the cricket ground in the morning. It was when I started to talk to people working out there, I began to find what I was looking for.;Ian Botham;morning
I wake up laughing. Yes, I wake up in the morning and there I am just laughing my head off.;Bruce Willis;morning
I love such mirth as does not make friends ashamed to look upon one another next morning.;Izaak Walton;morning
I am really passionate about my career and my music and I am so lucky to be able to do what I do for a job, so for all the early morning starts and long days, I could never trade it all in.;Rachel Stevens;morning
London is completely unpredictable when it comes to weather. You'll start a scene, and it's a beautiful morning. You get there at 6 in the morning, set up, you start the scene, start shooting. Three hours later, it is pitch black and rainy.;David Schwimmer;morning
I derive no pleasure from prosecuting a man, even though I know he's guilty do you think I could sleep at night or look at myself in the mirror in the morning if I hounded an innocent man?;Jim Garrison;morning
I was the type of guy that used to get up in the morning and go out and just out run everybody on the field without stretching or warming up or anything.;Bo Jackson;morning
Of all the songs I've recorded, 'Amarillo By Morning' always sticks out in my mind.;George Strait;morning
I don't mind traveling that much when I can go somewhere and stay there for a while, but touring is different. You rarely see anything. You get there early in the morning and you're resting all day, and you go in and do a sound check, and you do the show, and then bam you're gone.;George Strait;morning
The repose of sleep refreshes only the body. It rarely sets the soul at rest. The repose of the night does not belong to us. It is not the possession of our being. Sleep opens within us an inn for phantoms. In the morning we must sweep out the shadows.;Gaston Bachelard;morning
Too much coffee. Too much coffee and Gatorade. It's a hell of a mix. If you're ever tired in the morning, just try that mix, and tell me what you think.;Kevin Garnett;morning
My principal motivation is supporting my family, which is not a bad reason for getting up in the morning. That's always been my motivation - to take care of the people who rely on me.;Tony Parsons;morning
I have to say that when you tour the world, obviously, the jetlags and different hours and ways of living and traveling, a lot of hours in the plane, and you wake up in the morning and you're not quite sure where you are, and it is very tiring.;Celine Dion;morning
If we were to wake up some morning and find that everyone was the same race, creed and color, we would find some other causes for prejudice by noon.;George Aiken;morning
I eat as much as the next girl, but I work my butt of in the gym every morning! The key is moderation. I splurge on the weekend. A big bowl of pasta and a delicious slice of cake for dessert are my favorites.;Giuliana Rancic;morning
In live action movies, you just hope that everything works. Because the actor may had a bad morning and doesn't play good, or accidents happen continuously. Many things contradict what you are trying to say. But in cartoons, nothing contradict what you want to say.;John Hench;morning
I've never been a TV junkie. I remember watching Letterman way back when he had a morning show.;Todd Barry;morning
If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning.;Larry Page;morning
My wife gets all the money I make. I just get an apple and clean clothes every morning.;Ray Romano;morning
Wherever my story takes me, however dark and difficult the theme, there is always some hope and redemption, not because readers like happy endings, but because I am an optimist at heart. I know the sun will rise in the morning, that there is a light at the end of every tunnel.;Michael Morpurgo;morning
What I couldn't help noticing was that I learned more about the novel in a morning by trying to write a page of one than I'd learned in seven years or so of trying to write criticism.;Philip Pullman;morning
I was so obsessed by this problem that I was thinking about it all the time - when I woke up in the morning, when I went to sleep at night - and that went on for eight years.;Andrew Wiles;morning
There's also a sense of freedom. I was so obsessed by this problem that I was thinking about if all the time - when I woke up in the morning, when I went to sleep at night, and that went on for eight years.;Andrew Wiles;morning
Prince used to call me up 3am in the morning and invite me to hear some of his new songs.;Sheena Easton;morning
The one ironclad rule is that I have to try. I have to walk into my writing room and pick up my pen every weekday morning.;Anne Tyler;morning
To drive an F1 car you have to be a little mad. On the morning of a race there's a mix of excitement and fear. If it's a wet track, then it's worse as you're not in control most of the time, which is the thing all drivers fear the most.;Jenson Button;morning
A lot of people think Formula One isn't a sport because everyone drives a car when they go to work in the morning. But we're pulling up to six G on a corner or during breaking, which is almost like being a fighter pilot. So we have to do a lot of work on our neck muscles.;Jenson Button;morning
How many women have the courage to start properly with a cold, cold bath early in the morning? I jump in, throw the water, cold as ice, and after the first plunge I am happy.;Anna Held;morning
I am not a morning person.;Laurell K. Hamilton;morning
I couldn't wait for the sun to come up the next morning so that I could get out on the course again.;Ben Hogan;morning
Whereas I used to get depressed or neurotic or dwell on things, I see my son's bright eyes and smile in the morning, and suddenly, I don't feel like I'm depressed anymore. There's nothing to be depressed about when you've got that.;Corey Feldman;morning
Most of the top actors and actresses may be working in ten or twelve films at the same time, so they will give one director two hours and maybe shoot in Bombay in the morning and Madras in the evening. It happens.;Satyajit Ray;morning
The question is the morning after. What sort of Iraq do we wake up to after the bombing? What happens in the region? What impact could it have? These are questions leaders I have spoken to have posed.;Kofi Annan;morning
I never really drank coffee in college, but now I'm on my feet all day and out all night and can't believe it hasn't always been in my life. When morning comes I crave it.;Gail Simmons;morning
The thing with me is, if I wake up one morning and I'm not happy working as an actress, I'll stop. It's not something I have to do. It's not a vocation.;Samantha Morton;morning
Those golden minutes before you are completely awake, when your mind is just drifting, you have no censorship you are ready to develop any kind of idea. That's when I come up with the best and worst ideas. That is the privilege of being a writer - that you can stay in bed for an hour in the morning and it's work time.;Jo Nesbo;morning
The episodes all blend together for me, so I don't remember. I can't even remember what I had for breakfast this morning. I always feel I must be such a disappointment to them.;Sarah Michelle Gellar;morning
I still love doing what I do, and I'm really lucky to get up in the morning and want to go to work.;Heston Blumenthal;morning
It seems to me madness to wake up in the morning and do something other than paint, considering that one may not wake up the following morning.;Frank Auerbach;morning
Now, on nights that I can't sleep, I play video games alone until the morning.;Namie Amuro;morning
In West Virginia, the most vulnerable people we have are people who get up every morning and go to work.;Joe Manchin;morning
She got the magazine on a Wednesday morning, and on Thursday announced our marriage was over.;David Gest;morning
I don't go to Mass every day. But I go to church every day. Just sitting there, thinking - it's a great way to start the morning, you know? You feel so good coming out, and your approach to everything is suddenly really clear.;Mark Wahlberg;morning
But to the slave mother New Year's day comes laden with peculiar sorrows. She sits on her cold cabin floor, watching the children who may all be torn from her the next morning and often does she wish that she and they might die before the day dawns.;Harriet Ann Jacobs;morning
On the last morning of Virginia's bloodiest year since the Civil War, I built a fire and sat facing a window of darkness where at sunrise I knew I would find the sea.;Patricia Cornwell;morning
I spent every night until four in the morning on my dissertation, until I came to the point when I could not write another word, not even the next letter. I went to bed. Eight o'clock the next morning I was up writing again.;Abraham Pais;morning
You know, the market was down yesterday... my first thought when I heard-just on a personal basis, when I heard there had been this attack and I saw the futures this morning, which were really in the tank, I thought, Time to buy.;Brit Hume;morning
I have a hotline to the tabloids. When I get up in the morning, I call the Star, and the last thing at night, I call them. I want them to have the inside track.;Kirstie Alley;morning
Normal people don't just wake up in the morning and say I think it'd be a good idea to run for president of the United States.;Jon Huntsman, Jr.;morning
The attorney general would call at 5 o'clock in the evening and say: 'Tomorrow morning we are going to try to integrate the University of Mississippi. Get us a memo on what we're likely to do, and what we can do if the governor sends the National Guard there.';Harold H. Greene;morning
I am a morning writer I am writing at eight-thirty in longhand and I keep at it until twelve-thirty, when I go for a swim. Then I come back, have lunch, and read in the afternoon until I take my walk for the next day's writing.;Carlos Fuentes;morning
Both my mum and dad were great readers, and we would go every Saturday morning to the library, and my sister and I had a library card when we could pass off something as a signature, and all of us would come with an armful of books.;Geraldine Brooks;morning
If I'm playing in the morning, I'll get some carbs early: porridge with chopped banana. If I'm playing in the afternoon, I'll start with less carbs and have some eggs and fruit for breakfast, then a light lunch about 90 minutes before I play, so I don't feel sluggish or full.;Rory McIlroy;morning
Remember my first tenet in getting dressed is how you feel in the morning. So if you're not being true blue to that, it usually shows.;Pharrell Williams;morning
Yes, I still love 'South Park,' but I also love morning TV now.;Mo Rocca;morning
We hear the stories every day now: the father who puts on a suit every morning and leaves the house so his daughter doesn't know he lost his job, the recent college grad facing up to the painful reality that the only door that's open to her after four years of study and a pile of debt is her parents'. These are the faces of the Obama economy.;Mitch McConnell;morning
I was shocked by the amount of Welsh people in L.A. We'd go to this British pub to watch the 'Six Nations' early in the morning and I remember the first time I walked in it was just a sea of red.;Matthew Rhys;morning
I'm obsessed with radio. It's a good start to Sunday morning.;R. L. Stine;morning
A real New Yorker likes the sound of a garbage truck in the morning.;R. L. Stine;morning
I am up at 3:30, reading the op-ed pages and getting ready to be on the air by 6 A.M. on the set of 'Morning Joe,' and after three hours of TV and two hours on the radio, it is only 12 noon.;Mika Brzezinski;morning
I have mugs of hot water every morning because the studio is cold, and also because it makes my throat sound clearer.;Mika Brzezinski;morning
My salary situation at 'Morning Joe' wasn't right. I made five attempts to fix it, then realized I'd made the same mistake every time: I apologised for asking.;Mika Brzezinski;morning
On 'Morning Joe' I can say what I think, be my sometimes unorthodox self, have fun, yet be serious as well.;Mika Brzezinski;morning
You'd have to think that you're at least decent, or you couldn't get up every morning and do it. I think if I live long enough, I might be pretty good.;Martin Mull;morning
I wake up every morning in a cold sweat, regardless of how well things went the day before. And put that I said that in a somewhat but not completely tongue-in-cheek way.;Harvey Pekar;morning
When a man has been consistently battering his wife, he shouldn't expect a bouquet of roses from her the morning after he promises to stop.;Joe Slovo;morning
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.;George Horace Lorimer;morning
I had an amazing childhood, lots of love. But my dad worked his tail off, getting up at 4 in the morning and going off at 5, 6 o'clock, yet he always had time to spend with his kids and his wife.;Criss Angel;morning
I have to say when we talk about the treatment of these prisoners that I would guess that these prisoners wake up every morning thanking Allah that Saddam Hussein is not in charge of these prisons.;James Inhofe;morning
How can a doctor judge a woman's sanity by merely bidding her good morning and refusing to hear her pleas for release? Even the sick ones know it is useless to say anything, for the answer will be that it is their imagination.;Nellie Bly;morning
Even as a kid, I never liked breakfast. I just don't like to eat then. I like to get up and work. I think sticking a whole bunch of carbohydrates in your stomach in the morning is probably the worst way to begin the day.;Candace Bushnell;morning
The worst part about pregnancy would definitely have to be my nausea. I don't know why it's just called morning sickness because morning sickness never just happened in the morning for me and it's not happening just in the morning for my sister.;Tia Mowry;morning
I'm set to have my best year ever: I'm hiring some acts and there will be a show in the morning, in the afternoon and in the evening. I'm going to use my theater to its fullest potential.;Mickey Gilley;morning
It's not easy waking up every single morning knowing what you're going to put your body through and having to do it. We don't have days off.;Bryan Clay;morning
I've found myself at one in the morning just sitting at my desk spending an hour returning emails from the day until like two in the morning. It's ridiculous, I should be sleeping, or dreaming, or reading a novel.;Brit Marling;morning
The boy who expects every morning to open into a new world finds that today is like yesterday, but he believes tomorrow will be different.;Charles Dudley Warner;morning
My life had become a catastrophe. I had no idea how to turn it around. My band had broken up. I had almost lost my family. My whole life had devolved into a disaster. I believe that the police officer who stopped me at three a.m. that morning saved my life.;Trey Anastasio;morning
The greatest job I ever had was working on my family farm. Each morning my father would come into my bedroom around 4:30 am and command me to get up and work the fields. I would spend the next two hours before school slopping pigs and cropping tobacco.;Armstrong Williams;morning
It only worked for a little while the morning after I agreed to go with Universal, an article came out in the Hollywood trade papers, and the secret was out.;Laura Hillenbrand;morning
Every time I get up in the morning, melodies occur to me and I start trying to shape lyrics to melodies.;Andrew Bird;morning
Never get married in the morning - you never know who you might meet that night.;Paul Hornung;morning
I never thought in a million years I'd be that healthy girl who wakes up every morning to exercise. After being called 'cherubic and chubby,' I'm rocking a bikini!;Kelly Osbourne;morning
You were up at 5 o'clock in the morning, and then you'd ride in a caravan, because we didn't have big movie trucks or trailers that is the hardware of a movie camp.;Marguerite Moreau;morning
I don't have to get up in the morning and go beat up my body like I used to. I don't have to be out there in August in 108 degree weather down in Texas.;Emmitt Smith;morning
Waking up with a bad head in the morning is difficult sometimes.;Caroline Corr;morning
There's some things you just have to live with. Like twelve cars camping outside your house, and when you wake up in the morning, they're going to follow you wherever you go. It helps that I live in Valencia. It eliminates some. But they're still here.;Taylor Lautner;morning
You show up in Paris, and on the drive from the airport to the hotel you're like, 'This is so cool! I want to see something! I want to go to the Eiffel Tower!' And then you leave the next morning. You think, Oh, I didn't get to do anything. I tell people: I've been just about everywhere, but I've seen nothing.;Taylor Lautner;morning
As one gets older, it happens that in the morning one fails to remember the airplane trip to be taken in a few hours or the lecture scheduled for the afternoon.;Rudolf Arnheim;morning
I'm a mom - I'm lucky if I get to shower in the morning. Luckily, nail polish stays on my toes. I've been so bad on the upkeep, though.;Idina Menzel;morning
A city with one newspaper, or with a morning and an evening paper under one ownership, is like a man with one eye, and often the eye is glass.;A. J. Liebling;morning
Probably millions of Americans got up this morning with a cup of coffee, a cigarette and a donut. No wonder they are sick and fouled up.;Jack LaLanne;morning
Yeah, I'm not really a morning person.;Sophie Ellis-Bextor;morning
Let me tell you, sisters, seeing dried egg on a plate in the morning is a lot dirtier than anything I've had to deal with in politics.;Ann Richards;morning
Sydney in general is eclectic. You can be on that brilliant blue ocean walk in the morning and then within 20 minutes you can be in a completely vast suburban sprawl or an Italian or Asian suburb, and it's that mix of people, it's that melting pot of people that give it its vital personality.;Baz Luhrmann;morning
It seems a long time since the morning mail could be called correspondence.;Jacques Barzun;morning
