A lot of movies treat kids like idiots.;Anna Chlumsky;movies
I've always wanted to make movies.;Fred Durst;movies
I think ever since I was preteen I wanted to direct movies and tell stories.;Fred Durst;movies
I want to make timeless movies.;Fred Durst;movies
When I started to watch some of the films I'd done, I realized I was doing movies that I might not actually want to see.;Heath Ledger;movies
Making movies is difficult and you get disorientated sometimes - even when you're working with fantastic talent.;Antonio Banderas;movies
I've done many different movies in many different contexts.;Antonio Banderas;movies
Listen, I think movies serve many different purposes, from those movies that are frivolous and just an entertainment, to movies that just go to exploring the complexities of the human soul. Everything is valid if it's done with honesty and dignity, and I actually do both of those types of movies in my career.;Antonio Banderas;movies
I cry a lot, you know. Which is very difficult for a man to recognise, but I do. I cry in movies, you know, just watching movies.;Antonio Banderas;movies
There are some movies that I would like to forget, for the rest of my life - really! But even those movies that I'd like to forget teach me things.;Antonio Banderas;movies
I remember being a kid and sleeping over at my friend's house and staying up late and watching 'Nosferatu.' Vampire movies are supposed to be secret and bad. They should be rated R.;Ethan Hawke;movies
The nature of the movies is different than it was five years ago, and they're all driven by the possibilities of CGI, which means you can make anything happen on screen that you can possibly desire.;Tom Hanks;movies
It's just as hard... staying happily married as it is doing movies.;Tom Hanks;movies
I've made over 20 movies, and 5 of them are good.;Tom Hanks;movies
The nature of motion capture is only going to work for certain films. It's not going to put any other type of movies out of business.;Tom Hanks;movies
I hadn't made a big-budget film, and in Hollywood there's a sort of man and boys situation. You're a man, you make $80 million movies! As if it's harder to make an $80 million movie. Well, I guess businesswise it is because you have more executives to argue with.;Gus Van Sant;movies
I think I took my eye off the ball. From about 2005, 2006, 2007, I was out of it. I thought I could oversee movies and have it done for me, so to speak.;Harvey Weinstein;movies
I've been involved with violent movies, and then I've also said at a certain point, 'I can't take it anymore. Please cut it.' You know, you've got to respect the filmmaker, and it's a really tough issue.;Harvey Weinstein;movies
We didn't care if we were well-liked as long as the movies were good. We served the movie - that was our master at Miramax. In our second incarnation, the movie is still the master but we're getting the same results in more subtle ways.;Harvey Weinstein;movies
When we talk about Oscars, it's almost as a symbol of excellence, and the American public and the worldwide public accept that symbol. So, a movie like 'The Artist' that costs $14 million, has to go out and compete with movies that cost $140 million. How does David deal with Goliath?;Harvey Weinstein;movies
Last year, when 'Black Swan,' 'True Grit' and 'King's Speech' all grossed over $100 million, it gave studios and independent financiers the confidence to make daring movies and not do the same old you-know-what.;Harvey Weinstein;movies
My movies are important on an economic basis, on an artistic basis.;Harvey Weinstein;movies
When people ask me what makes movies great, it's the material.;Harvey Weinstein;movies
All my movies got screwed up because of my personality.;Harvey Weinstein;movies
Over the years with movies, I've given directors notes.;Harvey Weinstein;movies
Audiences want to see intelligent movies.;Harvey Weinstein;movies
You know, my movies are important on an economic basis, on an artistic basis.;Harvey Weinstein;movies
I've had such a great track record in making a huge profit when the movies are smaller.;Harvey Weinstein;movies
All my life, I have loved and been inspired by French cinema, and as a studio head it has been my pride and joy to have the ability to bring movies to audiences around the world.;Harvey Weinstein;movies
Well, I think one of the main things that you have to think about when acting in the movies is to try not to make the acting show.;James Stewart;movies
I was so young, and making movies, going to the studio every morning at dawn was magic.;Natalie Wood;movies
I'm an actor. And I guess I've done so many movies I've achieved some high visibility. But a star? I guess I still think of myself as kind of a worker ant.;Bill Vaughan;movies
Movies are open doors, and at every door, I change character and life.;Juliette Binoche;movies
I just think old old movies, they make you concentrate and pay attention so much more. They feel so warm. A lot of modern digital videotape, it's just too bright. Don't know why, it's not warm.;Jack White;movies
I love huge movies. Not sure I am the guy to make them, but you can rely on me being there watching them.;Danny Boyle;movies
Actors are steeped in a world of agents and where the next job is coming from and what are their expenses and what is the hotel like. You want to take them out of that world and dump them into another world, so that when you meet them on the screen they don't seem like the guy who was in two others movies that year.;Danny Boyle;movies
I love watching the Bond movies obviously and I grew up reading the books as a kid. I've always loved them because of that.;Danny Boyle;movies
People say you never remember anybody who dies in movies, and it's true, you don't. You don't even remember people who disappear.;Danny Boyle;movies
I like action movies, even though I think action movies are kind of derided now. But there is something extraordinary about action movies, which is absolutely linked to the invention of cinema and what cinema is and why we love it.;Danny Boyle;movies
Movies about space raise those questions of what we're doing here, and that inevitably introduces a spiritual dimension.;Danny Boyle;movies
All I do is go to the movies.;Elizabeth Wurtzel;movies
I like all of the mental, psychological thriller movies too. I enjoy horror movies across the board.;Sophia Bush;movies
I would do anything for a part, nearly anything. Being in movies doesn't mean being pretty.;Diane Kruger;movies
Critics can be harsh and I think it's going to take me a long time to make people see what I have inside of me and that I really put my guts into movies and that I'm not superficial and that I'm not just a pretty face.;Diane Kruger;movies
I don't make movies thinking: 'Oh, this is going to be a huge box-office hit.';Diane Kruger;movies
Sundance is weird. The movies are weird - you actually have to think about them when you watch them.;Britney Spears;movies
I like the good feeling movies.;Robert Duvall;movies
I don't stop. It's my nature. People have to tell me to slow down. I plan on playing every role on Broadway. I want to do 'Evita.' I want to do 'Sweeney Todd' with Chris Colfer. We want to do 'Wicked.' I'll be Elphaba and he wants to play 'Guy-linda.' I want to do movies, make music. 'Glee' is only the beginning.;Lea Michele;movies
I love John Waters. There's stuff in it that's beyond the boundaries of my taste, but his movies have always been like that.;Tracey Ullman;movies
I'll probably pursue doing more movies, but not horror or movies with killers in them. I'll try to stick to happy movies. I want to act and direct like Jodie Foster. I admire her because she went to college and she's still doing the same thing.;Lindsay Lohan;movies
I want to make all kinds of movies. I do want to make big movies that are a lot of fun to go to, but I also want to make movies that are going to stimulate some thought and maybe raise some awareness.;Nicolas Cage;movies
I do like to move and get physical in my movies.;Nicolas Cage;movies
I'm an enormous admirer of Christopher Lee. He's somebody, along with Vincent Price, who I celebrate, and I wanted my movies to show that celebration and that honoring of these great film stars that were unafraid to go into horror and Grand Guignol and the macabre.;Nicolas Cage;movies
I have eclectic tastes in the movies I want to do.;Nicolas Cage;movies
I don't want to just do independent movies and I don't want to just do adventure films. I enjoy both, and I think both are cogent.;Nicolas Cage;movies
I'm the first to admit that I like going to, or my memories at least of going to Clint Eastwood movies or Charles Bronson or James Bond.;Nicolas Cage;movies
I may be alone in this, but I do sense the power of film, in that movies have the ability to literally change people's minds. That's pretty powerful stuff when you consider that.;Nicolas Cage;movies
I like fantasy. I like horror, science fiction because I can get avant-garde with those performances in those movies.;Nicolas Cage;movies
I care about the connection with the audience. Film is such a powerful medium. Movies can change the way people think.;Nicolas Cage;movies
I do enjoy animated movies.;Nicolas Cage;movies
You don't want to be photographed? You don't want to be known? Then you don't need to be out there peddling movies.;Cameron Diaz;movies
I haven't deliberately set out to play the blonde bombshell in my movies. In fact, it's probably been quite the opposite. After the success of The Mask, I wasn't offered all that many blonde bombshell parts, to be honest. I think people believed from the beginning that I could actually walk and talk at the same time.;Cameron Diaz;movies
I actually think I have an audience member's sensibility about going to the movies.;Samuel L. Jackson;movies
I enjoy sports. I get a real joy from playing sports but I don't look for those movies. Oliver Stone wanted to know if I would do Any Given Sunday and it just didn't appeal to me.;Kevin Costner;movies
I'm proud of all the movies I've made. They're not sequels, they're not franchises. And the reason I pick my films carefully is that I don't want to spit on my life. I like to think of myself as more than that.;Kevin Costner;movies
When I make a film I'm away from home for two to three months. So I want my kids to look at my films one day and say, I love his movies, I love his choices-because he loved them.;Kevin Costner;movies
There are a lot of things that come to bear on movies now that I don't think are good for movies. They're trying to appeal to the biggest demographic and, when they do that, you sometimes flatten out.;Kevin Costner;movies
I'm glad movies aren't going to please everybody, they can't. But what they have to be is recognisable. I don't equate myself with a master painter, but I think you can recognise my films.;Kevin Costner;movies
I like four-hour movies.;Kevin Costner;movies
I've never really broken this down before, but, in movies, you almost have no connection to fans. And if you do TV, you're kind of connected, but they know you as the TV name not your real name. If you do radio, there's more of a bond there. And then if you do a podcast it's like you're literally inside of your fans.;Adam Carolla;movies
And I love Mel Brooks. My Dad loved his movies, too, they're awesome, the kind of thing that if you're in for ten minutes, you're in for two hours.;Mike Myers;movies
I mean, I kind of remember... I'm 36 now, so it's kind of hard for me to relate to what it was like when I was 25, or 24, but I do remember a period in time when that's how I defined who I was, by the music I listened to and the movies I went to.;Liz Phair;movies
I do like escapism. I like going to the movies on a Friday night and seeing something fun.;Charlie Kaufman;movies
I want to make movies that pierce people's hearts and touch them in some way, even if it's just for the night while they're in the cinema in that moment, I want to bring actual tears to their eyes and goosebumps to their skin.;Russell Crowe;movies
When we shoot 24, there are so many things I have to worry about, from the script to technical things to my performance, that I don't have a second to be bored or take anything for granted. We produce 24 hours of film a season, which is like making 12 movies.;Kiefer Sutherland;movies
There are a lot of movies I'd like to throw away. That's not to say that I went in with that attitude. Any film I ever started, I went in with all the hope and best intentions in the world, but some films just don't work.;Kiefer Sutherland;movies
I crave working on those small independent movies because I love going to see those myself.;Orlando Bloom;movies
Lord of the Rings was my first experience making movies and at the time, I had no ideas how movies were done. I thought that's the way they're done, so in a way, I had nothing to compare it to.;Orlando Bloom;movies
The truth is - I found myself doing these huge action-adventure movies, and um, and which are cool man. And I really love doing them. And thankfully I haven't had too much dialogue, because if I had I would have really made a mess of it. You know what I mean?;Orlando Bloom;movies
Yeah, I mean the material, directors, the other cast, and if you think you can do something with the character then you do it and go from there. I am looking forward to doing some smaller movies.;Orlando Bloom;movies
I've done movies with a sword before. But I haven't really been given the full responsibility of something like a Ridley Scott film.;Orlando Bloom;movies
Movies like that aren't about the visual effects and explosions. They're human stories about family, about life, about death.;Orlando Bloom;movies
Just because you've made a couple movies, you've done some good movies, you've been nominated for some Academy Awards, whatever, nobody's entitled. It's a business. If they don't see it, I can think they're wrong, but I'm not entitled to a $15 million budget to make a film.;Edward Norton;movies
People wrestle sometimes making movies, and I think that conflict is a very essential thing. I think a lot of very happy productions have produced a lot of very banal movies.;Edward Norton;movies
I like making movies for myself and my friends and people with my sensibility.;Edward Norton;movies
I just love movies.;Edward Norton;movies
There's this index that tallies up how much your movies have made, and if they haven't grossed a certain amount, then you're not bankable. I know I'm not Will Smith but, you know, my ranking's pretty low. The only studio picture I've done is 'Zodiac,' and that didn't perform that well.;Chloe Sevigny;movies
I couldn't survive just doing independent movies. And I'd rather do modelling than movies or TV I didn't like.;Chloe Sevigny;movies
I didn't know what types of movies I wanted to do. I want to do things that are different. I want to take my time with each role.;Leonardo DiCaprio;movies
I just want to keep doing what I'm doing and hopefully people will watch my movies.;Leonardo DiCaprio;movies
I grew up when I was 15 when I had my first opportunity in movies. I watched every great movie for a year and a half, and since then I've asked myself how I can emulate such artistry. That's really my motivation. I want to do something as good as my heroes have done.;Leonardo DiCaprio;movies
I like to think the movies that I've picked have something worthwhile to say. Something relevant.;Mark Ruffalo;movies
I loved old black and white movies, especially the Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers musicals. I loved everything about them - the songs, the music, the romance and the spectacle. They were real class and I knew that I wanted to be in that world.;Sharon Stone;movies
I had a daughter who was 9 years old and I had the feeling I wasn't going to be a real parent if I didn't quit making movies for a while and spend time with her. I also felt that I'd made enough movies and said what I had to say at the time.;Jane Campion;movies
And if people come up and say they like the movies you're in, it's a great compliment.;Jason Statham;movies
The thing about the UK is we don't really make that many great movies.;Jason Statham;movies
It's something I never dreamed I'd be doing, making movies.;Jason Statham;movies
Jet was very busy. I've been inspired by a lot of his movies.;Jason Statham;movies
Hollywood has the idea that movies have to be dumb. But especially movies for or about teenagers have to be really dumb!;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;movies
