I've got a great ambition to die of exhaustion rather than boredom.;Thomas Carlyle;great
A constant struggle, a ceaseless battle to bring success from inhospitable surroundings, is the price of all great achievements.;Orison Swett Marden;great
It is only the enlightened ruler and the wise general who will use the highest intelligence of the army for the purposes of spying, and thereby they achieve great results.;Sun Tzu;great
Always keep your mind as bright and clear as the vast sky, the great ocean, and the highest peak, empty of all thoughts. Always keep your body filled with light and heat. Fill yourself with the power of wisdom and enlightenment.;Morihei Ueshiba;great
In spite of everything I shall rise again: I will take up my pencil, which I have forsaken in my great discouragement, and I will go on with my drawing.;Vincent Van Gogh;great
Character, in great and little things, means carrying through what you feel able to do.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;great
Power is the great aphrodisiac.;Henry A. Kissinger;great
It's an interesting combination: Having a great fear of being alone, and having a desperate need for solitude and the solitary experience. That's always been a tug of war for me.;Jodie Foster;great
Everything great in the world comes from neurotics. They alone have founded our religions and composed our masterpieces.;Marcel Proust;great
Defense is a definite part of the game, and a great part of defense is learning to play it without fouling.;John Wooden;great
When I am grown to man's estate I shall be very proud and great. And tell the other girls and boys Not to meddle with my toys.;Robert Louis Stevenson;great
I'm sorry that we have to have a Washington presence. We thrived during our first 16 years without any of this. I never made a political visit to Washington and we had no people here. It wasn't on our radar screen. We were just making great software.;Bill Gates;great
I have tried to know absolutely nothing about a great many things, and I have succeeded fairly well.;Robert Benchley;great
There were times when I had great times with my brothers, pillow fights and things, but I was, used to always cry from loneliness.;Michael Jackson;great
A great artist is a great man in a great child.;Victor Hugo;great
The Bee Gees who are brilliant, I just love great music.;Michael Jackson;great
Hate is too great a burden to bear. It injures the hater more than it injures the hated.;Coretta Scott King;great
I was like a boy playing on the sea-shore, and diverting myself now and then finding a smoother pebble or a prettier shell than ordinary, whilst the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me.;Isaac Newton;great
We come nearest to the great when we are great in humility.;Rabindranath Tagore;great
Bitter experience has taught us how fundamental our values are and how great the mission they represent.;Jan Peter Balkenende;great
Like me, the great majority of Americans wish both to preserve the traditional definition of marriage and to oppose bias and intolerance directed towards gays and lesbians.;Mitt Romney;great
We can be thankful to a friend for a few acres, or a little money and yet for the freedom and command of the whole earth, and for the great benefits of our being, our life, health, and reason, we look upon ourselves as under no obligation.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;great
Architecture has recorded the great ideas of the human race. Not only every religious symbol, but every human thought has its page in that vast book.;Victor Hugo;great
Man is only great when he acts from passion.;Benjamin Disraeli;great
Winning is great, sure, but if you are really going to do something in life, the secret is learning how to lose. Nobody goes undefeated all the time. If you can pick up after a crushing defeat, and go on to win again, you are going to be a champion someday.;Wilma Rudolph;great
We continue to recognize the greater ability of some to earn more than others. But we do assert that the ambition of the individual to obtain for him a proper security is an ambition to be preferred to the appetite for great wealth and great power.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;great
A happy life must be to a great extent a quiet life, for it is only in an atmosphere of quiet that true joy dare live.;Bertrand Russell;great
There's a lot of great movies that have won the Academy Award, and a lot of great movies that haven't. You just do the best you can.;Clint Eastwood;great
When small men attempt great enterprises, they always end by reducing them to the level of their mediocrity.;Napoleon Bonaparte;great
Prejudice is a great time saver. You can form opinions without having to get the facts.;E. B. White;great
There is no pain so great as the memory of joy in present grief.;Aeschylus;great
Lives of great men all remind us, we can make our lives sublime, and, departing, leave behind us, footprints on the sands of time.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;great
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes.;Benjamin Disraeli;great
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones.;Phillips Brooks;great
Ninety-nine per cent of the people in the world are fools and the rest of us are in great danger of contagion.;Thornton Wilder;great
The principles that made this nation a great and powerful leader of the world, have not lost their meaning. They never will. We know we can bring this country back. I'm Mitt Romney. I believe in America. And I'm running for president of the United States.;Mitt Romney;great
Mr. Chairman, delegates. I accept your nomination for President of the United States of America. I do so with humility, deeply moved by the trust you have placed in me. It is a great honor. It is an even greater responsibility.;Mitt Romney;great
On some great and glorious day the plain folks of the land will reach their heart's desire at last, and the White House will be adorned by a downright moron.;H. L. Mencken;great
The conscious mind may be compared to a fountain playing in the sun and falling back into the great subterranean pool of subconscious from which it rises.;Sigmund Freud;great
The sound of a kiss is not so loud as that of a cannon, but its echo lasts a great deal longer.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;great
Show me a great actor and I'll show you a lousy husband. Show me a great actress, and you've seen the devil.;W. C. Fields;great
This is the America that I love. This is a great people. We can do anything. We can achieve anything. We've got a government that has gotten in the way of the American people. We're going to change that in November.;Mitt Romney;great
When my mom ran for the Senate, my dad was there for her every step of the way. I can still hear her saying in her beautiful voice, 'Why should women have any less say than men, about the great decisions facing our nation?';Mitt Romney;great
That business we started with 10 people has now grown into a great American success story.;Mitt Romney;great
Where the willingness is great, the difficulties cannot be great.;Niccolo Machiavelli;great
There are 4 billion cell phones in use today. Many of them are in the hands of market vendors, rickshaw drivers, and others who've historically lacked access to education and opportunity. Information networks have become a great leveler, and we should use them together to help lift people out of poverty and give them a freedom from want.;Hillary Clinton;great
Great ideas originate in the muscles.;Thomas A. Edison;great
The willow which bends to the tempest, often escapes better than the oak which resists it and so in great calamities, it sometimes happens that light and frivolous spirits recover their elasticity and presence of mind sooner than those of a loftier character.;Albert Schweitzer;great
There are many of us that are willing to do great things for the Lord, but few of us are willing to do little things.;Dwight L. Moody;great
Youth is the period in which a man can be hopeless. The end of every episode is the end of the world. But the power of hoping through everything, the knowledge that the soul survives its adventures, that great inspiration comes to the middle-aged.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;great
To have a great idea, have a lot of them.;Thomas A. Edison;great
Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate and doubt, to offer a solution everybody can understand.;Colin Powell;great
Let us not listen to those who think we ought to be angry with our enemies, and who believe this to be great and manly. Nothing is so praiseworthy, nothing so clearly shows a great and noble soul, as clemency and readiness to forgive.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;great
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;great
Every great architect is - necessarily - a great poet. He must be a great original interpreter of his time, his day, his age.;Frank Lloyd Wright;great
It takes a great man to give sound advice tactfully, but a greater to accept it graciously.;Logan P. Smith;great
Great is truth, but still greater, from a practical point of view, is silence about truth. By simply not mentioning certain subjects... totalitarian propagandists have influenced opinion much more effectively than they could have by the most eloquent denunciations.;Aldous Huxley;great
Everyone who achieves success in a great venture, solves each problem as they came to it. They helped themselves. And they were helped through powers known and unknown to them at the time they set out on their voyage. They keep going regardless of the obstacles they met.;W. Clement Stone;great
A great man is different from an eminent one in that he is ready to be the servant of the society.;B. R. Ambedkar;great
Whoever conquers a free town and does not demolish it commits a great error and may expect to be ruined himself.;Niccolo Machiavelli;great
The great enemy of clear language is insincerity. When there is a gap between one's real and one's declared aims, one turns, as it were, instinctively to long words and exhausted idioms, like a cuttlefish squirting out ink.;George Orwell;great
Brevity is a great charm of eloquence.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;great
Favor comes because for a brief moment in the great space of human change and progress some general human purpose finds in him a satisfactory embodiment.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;great
The overwhelming majority of Americans are possessed of two great qualities a sense of humor and a sense of proportion.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;great
It takes a great man to be a good listener.;Calvin Coolidge;great
Give a little love to a child, and you get a great deal back.;John Ruskin;great
All I can tell you really is if you get to the point where someone is telling you that you are not great or not good enough, just follow your heart and don't let anybody crush your dream.;Patti LaBelle;great
Motherhood is a great honor and privilege, yet it is also synonymous with servanthood. Every day women are called upon to selflessly meet the needs of their families. Whether they are awake at night nursing a baby, spending their time and money on less-than-grateful teenagers, or preparing meals, moms continuously put others before themselves.;Charles Stanley;great
It is those who concentrates on but one thing at a time who advance in this world. The great man or woman is the one who never steps outside his or her specialty or foolishly dissipates his or her individuality.;Og Mandino;great
Love is the great miracle cure. Loving ourselves works miracles in our lives.;Louise L. Hay;great
A great fortune is a great slavery.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;great
The best and safest thing is to keep a balance in your life, acknowledge the great powers around us and in us. If you can do that, and live that way, you are really a wise man.;Euripides;great
Great perils have this beauty, that they bring to light the fraternity of strangers.;Victor Hugo;great
Great emergencies and crises show us how much greater our vital resources are than we had supposed.;William James;great
A book has got smell. A new book smells great. An old book smells even better. An old book smells like ancient Egypt.;Ray Bradbury;great
The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty.;Pablo Neruda;great
The three great elements of modern civilization, Gun powder, Printing, and the Protestant religion.;Thomas Carlyle;great
And my dad, you're a great actor but you're a better father.;Angelina Jolie;great
There may be a great fire in our hearts, yet no one ever comes to warm himself at it, and the passers-by see only a wisp of smoke.;Vincent Van Gogh;great
The history of philosophy is to a great extent that of a certain clash of human temperaments.;William James;great
He is neither a strategist nor is he schooled in the operational arts, nor is he a tactician, nor is he a general. Other than that he's a great military man.;Norman Schwarzkopf;great
The great thing in the world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;great
What might be taken for a precocious genius is the genius of childhood. When the child grows up, it disappears without a trace. It may happen that this boy will become a real painter some day, or even a great painter. But then he will have to begin everything again, from zero.;Pablo Picasso;great
There is no medicine like hope, no incentive so great, and no tonic so powerful as expectation of something tomorrow.;Orison Swett Marden;great
Apparently, a democracy is a place where numerous elections are held at great cost without issues and with interchangeable candidates.;Gore Vidal;great
What we feel and think and are is to a great extent determined by the state of our ductless glands and viscera.;Aldous Huxley;great
As far as Saddam Hussein being a great military strategist, he is neither a strategist, nor is he schooled in the operational arts, nor is he a tactician, nor is he a general, nor is he a soldier. Other than that, he's a great military man, I want you to know that.;Norman Schwarzkopf;great
Call it loyalty, call it what you want, but I suppose I've got people up here who I'm really tight with, we've made a lot of great bonds over the last few years and I've got people in my corner I can trust.;Jonathan Brown;great
To live alone is the fate of all great souls.;Arthur Schopenhauer;great
The bravest sight in the world is to see a great man struggling against adversity.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;great
The herd seek out the great, not for their sake but for their influence and the great welcome them out of vanity or need.;Napoleon Bonaparte;great
It is not by muscle, speed, or physical dexterity that great things are achieved, but by reflection, force of character, and judgment.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;great
It makes no difference how deeply seated may be the trouble, how hopeless the outlook how muddled the tangle, how great the mistake. A sufficient realization of love will dissolve it all.;Emmet Fox;great
To be an atheist requires an indefinitely greater measure of faith than to recieve all the great truths which atheism would deny.;Joseph Addison;great
I've also seen that great men are often lonely. This is understandable, because they have built such high standards for themselves that they often feel alone. But that same loneliness is part of their ability to create.;Yousuf Karsh;great
My father was my teacher. But most importantly he was a great dad.;Beau Bridges;great
Why do you think the old stories tell of men who set out on great journeys to impress the gods? Because trying to impress people just isn't worth the time and effort.;Henry Rollins;great
You need a little bit of insanity to do great things.;Henry Rollins;great
In Genesis, it says that it is not good for a man to be alone but sometimes it is a great relief.;John Barrymore;great
