The thing that helped me get into the film business was that I went to school in Athens, Georgia and managed to get on, um, working on music videos for a band called R.E.M. and that kind of opened up a lot of doors for me.;Alton Brown;business
I've drunk Amazon's free Diet Coke. Nothing makes more sense to me than a company trying to make bookselling into a profitable business. I'm not anti-Amazon, and I'm not pro-publishers either. I'm pro-books.;Lev Grossman;business
Some people want fame, popularity and huge sales. I've always hoped to have a really long career. So I've tried to make each of my creative decisions and business decisions to allow for longevity. As a side effect I got really famous and really big. I didn't realize the two could go together.;Jewel;business
Seems to me that this business, for actors anyway, is not so much about whether or not you do good work. It's about whether or not you get the chance to do good work.;Hugh Laurie;business
In my business, if I get too close to you and you die, it hurts me. And so you develop a natural inclination not to be close to the patient, so that if things don't work out ideally, you can still get up the next day and care for the next patient.;Mehmet Oz;business
I'd like to do a lot of things - whether in design or architecture or business.;Caroline Wozniacki;business
My fastest time in high school was a 4:29 mile. I think cross-country has something to do with my longevity in my business. When you're in an eight-mile race, you never give up.;Alice Cooper;business
If I could create one job in the private sector by helping to grow a business, that would be one more than Congress has created in the last six months.;Evan Bayh;business
Our marriage is between us. If we decide to continue being together or not, it's our business.;Gwyneth Paltrow;business
The movie business is very difficult but the music business is just impossible. So I'll play in bands and record and play songs with other people, but for me it's a form of expression that all I need is me. I don't need cameras or agents, I can just have a piano and sing and feel totally verified.;Jeremy Renner;business
I don't really think that there is anyone in the modern pop business who I feel I want to spar with.;George Michael;business
I was always a singer. But I was always focused on being an actor as my trade. Music I do just for me. The movie business is very difficult but the music business is just impossible.;Jeremy Renner;business
In recent years, I've been writing because I'm fortunate enough to work in the world of food television, to travel and taste and learn about cooking from the best chefs in the business.;Ted Allen;business
I was criticized at some level within the Republican Party by those who say government should not be in the economic development business at all. My response is that the only country I know that doesn't have an economic development plan is Papa New Guinea.;Jon Huntsman, Jr.;business
The rest of the world cares about how we conduct our affairs because they then take that lead. We're the only leader in the world today. Some are wishing us well, others think that we're down and are not going to get back up again, but they are all watching with great interest to see how we conduct our business over the next couple of years.;Jon Huntsman, Jr.;business
Although my family - parents and sister - all work in the personnel management business, their real passion is performing, amateur operatic societies and so on.;Michael Sheen;business
I would absolutely, definitely never sell my wedding pictures to a magazine. I'd like it to be a special day, not a photo shoot. And once you've done that, your marriage becomes everybody else's business.;Katherine Jenkins;business
Every night, half an hour before curtain up, the bells of St. Malachy's, the Actors' Chapel on New York's 49th Street, peal the tune of 'There's No Business Like Show Business.' If you walk the streets of the theatre district before a show and see the vast, enthusiastic lines it sounds like a calling: there is certainly no place like Broadway.;Dan Stevens;business
Writing fiction is for me a fraught business, an occasion of daily dread for at least the first half of the novel, and sometimes all the way through. The work process is totally different from writing nonfiction. You have to sit down every day and make it up.;Joan Didion;business
I was a fairly good amateur musician, and I was an average professional. But the one thing I saw was that the big band business was fading.;Alan Greenspan;business
I mean, I'm in the business of storytelling, not message making.;John le Carre;business
Well, you can't trust most people in this game, period it can be a very shady business.;Marvin Hagler;business
A transfer of money should never be involved in this profound situation. Although illness is profound, too, but medicine's a business today. It's a business.;Jack Kevorkian;business
Today it is not big business that we have to fear. It is big government.;Wendell Phillips;business
After adding trillions to the debt on big-government policies most Americans didn't ask for and which we couldn't afford, Democratic leaders say they need more money, which they intend to take from small business, even though small businesses create the majority of new jobs.;Mitch McConnell;business
I learned from Mr. Wrigley, early in my career, that loyalty wins and it creates friendships. I saw it work for him in his business.;Ernie Banks;business
Business is constantly changing, constantly evolving.;James Dyson;business
I don't do something necessarily to make a big profit or because it's a logical business decision.;James Dyson;business
We expect all our businesses to have a positive impact on our top and bottom lines. Profitability is very important to us or we wouldn't be in this business.;Jeff Bezos;business
The only thing harder than leaving show business is coming back.;Dave Chappelle;business
If you don't understand the details of your business you are going to fail.;Jeff Bezos;business
Anybody who really knows about the TV business knows that it would be impossible to just march in one day and say to your colleagues and bosses, 'Oh yes, I'm hosting my own show.';Andy Cohen;business
We have to make America the best place in the world to do business.;Dick Cheney;business
My professional life has been a constant record of disillusion, and many things that seem wonderful to most men are the every-day commonplaces of my business.;Harry Houdini;business
I used to work for a management consulting company, so I dressed differently - business casual, probably a lot of things from Banana Republic. My wardrobe now is definitely more expensive, but I always dress for the occasion.;John Legend;business
It is very sad for a man to make himself servant to a single thing his manhood all taken out of him by the hydraulic pressure of excessive business.;Theodore Parker;business
But now I realize that this record business really needs me. No one else is trying to take a chance or do something different.;Erykah Badu;business
In terms of the technology I use the most, it's probably a tie between my Blackberry and my MacBook Pro laptop. That's how I communicate with the rest of the world and how I handle all the business I have to handle.;John Legend;business
I've never chased fame. I came into this business to be a theatre actress. I was nine when I first appeared on stage. But I can't say I would turn my back on fortune. I'm someone who enjoys the benefits of money.;Joan Collins;business
At the end of the day, there's only a few major stars in the music business, and then there's all these people that are aspiring to be that.;John Legend;business
I'd get kicked out of buildings all day long, people would rip up my business card in my face. It's a humbling business to be in. But I knew I could sell and I knew I wanted to sell something I had created. I cut the feet out of those pantyhose and I knew I was on to something. This was it.;Sara Blakely;business
People in the business will stay with you through drugs and alcohol and divorces and insanity and everything else, but you have a failure, pal, and they don't want to know nothing about you!;Don Johnson;business
My revenue was $4 million my first year in business, off of one $20 item.;Sara Blakely;business
My business doesn't keep me warm at night.;Bethenny Frankel;business
I've always leaned toward a feminine, funky style, even in business settings. I used to paint my nails blue in 1993, before it was mainstream.;Sara Blakely;business
I have always been a business person.;Bethenny Frankel;business
You can never get to a place of comfort in this business. As soon as you hit that little cushy spot, somebody's gonna kick you out. So I have a constant need to do it better.;Charlize Theron;business
I went onto reality TV as a business decision.;Bethenny Frankel;business
The Internet has changed the way we communicate with each other, the way we learn about the world and the way we conduct business.;Ron Wyden;business
In the end, the humanities can only be defended by stressing how indispensable they are and this means insisting on their vital role in the whole business of academic learning, rather than protesting that, like some poor relation, they don't cost much to be housed.;Terry Eagleton;business
As Members of Congress we can now engage with our constituents via online innovations like the Huffington Post, while a small business in rural Oregon can use the Internet to find customers around the world.;Ron Wyden;business
I really don't think there is anybody in the business with better eyes than Elijah Wood.;Liev Schreiber;business
Like any business, the oil industry runs on the basic premise of supply and demand. The more supply - the lower the price. The higher the demand - the higher price. In other words, the more people who can buy oil, the higher the price of oil.;Ron Wyden;business
Accept business only at a price permitting thoroughness. Then do a thorough job, regardless of cost to us.;Arthur C. Nielsen;business
I am especially grateful that I have been able to keep my own style over the decades, in spite of the many changes that have taken place in the world of fashion and in its business.;Valentino Garavani;business
If you're an entrepreneur and you think that the president makes a difference to your business, you should stay at your current job.;Guy Kawasaki;business
It is an immutable law in business that words are words, explanations are explanations, promises are promises-but only performance is reality.;Harold S. Geneen;business
It's better to take over and build upon an existing business than to start a new one.;Harold S. Geneen;business
You can't run a business or anything else on a theory.;Harold S. Geneen;business
I could play it safe by recording songs that are familiar, but am I expanding myself as an artist by doing covers? It's a catch-22. It's called show business: The word 'business' is in it, and you've got to be a businessman. But then again, you have to be true to yourself as an artist.;Donny Osmond;business
The worst disease which can afflict business executives in their work is not, as popularly supposed, alcoholism it's egotism.;Harold S. Geneen;business
It's a lot of work to keep reinventing yourself and coming up with new stuff, but that's what it takes to be in show business.;Donny Osmond;business
To me, the print business model is so simple, where readers pay a dollar for all the content within, and that supports the enterprise.;Dave Eggers;business
A belief in God is vitally important, not just in show business, but stability in life. You know, to recognize deity is the most important thing that you can do. I mean, it comes to the Ten Commandments. They weren't ten suggestions. They were Ten Commandments.;Donny Osmond;business
McSweeney's as a publishing company is built on a business model that only works when we sell physical books. So we try to put a lot of effort into the design and production of the book-as-object.;Dave Eggers;business
Our competition for American business is no longer in the next county or the next state, it's around the world.;Karl Rove;business
Of course this is Vegas and it is the melting pot for all over the world, but people from all over the world know Donny and Marie. It is amazing. I have been in the business a long time to realize careers can be fleeting. Five years is a long career nowadays for some people, and here we are still going strong after 40 years.;Donny Osmond;business
If GM had kept up with technology like the computer industry has, we would all be driving $25 cars that got 1,000 MPG.;Bill Gates;car
There was a time in my life when I thought I had everything - millions of dollars, mansions, cars, nice clothes, beautiful women, and every other materialistic thing you can imagine. Now I struggle for peace.;Richard Pryor;car
Car designers are just going to have to come up with an automobile that outlasts the payments.;Erma Bombeck;car
I hooked up my accelerator pedal in my car to my brake lights. I hit the gas, people behind me stop, and I'm gone.;Steven Wright;car
I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights, so it looks like I'm the only one moving.;Steven Wright;car
I had to stop driving my car for a while... the tires got dizzy.;Steven Wright;car
I spent a lot of money on booze, birds and fast cars. The rest I just squandered.;George Best;car
Auto racing is boring except when a car is going at least 172 miles per hour upside down.;Dave Barry;car
When you are fitted in a racing car and you race to win, second or third place is not enough.;Ayrton Senna;car
In less enlightened times, the best way to impress women was to own a hot car. But women wised up and realized it was better to buy their own hot cars so they wouldn't have to ride around with jerks.;Scott Adams;car
The greatest pleasure when I started making money was not buying cars or yachts but finding myself able to have as many freshly typed drafts as possible.;Gore Vidal;car
The cars we drive say a lot about us.;Alexandra Paul;car
It's a never ending battle of making your cars better and also trying to be better yourself.;Dale Earnhardt;car
We approach people the same way we approach our cars. We take the poor kid to a doctor and ask, What's wrong with him, how much will it cost, and when can I pick him up?;James Hillman;car
It's like driving a car at night. You never see further than your headlights, but you can make the whole trip that way.;E. L. Doctorow;car
If all the cars in the United States were placed end to end, it would probably be Labor Day Weekend.;Doug Larson;car
I had more clothes than I had closets, more cars than garage space, but no money.;Sammy Davis, Jr.;car
Drive-in banks were established so most of the cars today could see their real owners.;E. Joseph Cossman;car
I would have probably stolen cars - it would have given me the same adrenaline rush as racing.;Valentino Rossi;car
I never rode in an automobile until I was 12.;Loretta Lynn;car
My boyfriend keeps telling me I've got to own things. So, first I bought this car. And then he told me I oughta get a house. 'Why a house?' 'Well, you gotta have a place to park the car.';Julia Roberts;car
Americans are the only people in the world known to me whose status anxiety prompts them to advertise their college and university affiliations in the rear window of their automobiles.;Paul Fussell;car
When it comes to cars, only two varieties of people are possible - cowards and fools.;Russell Baker;car
In Japan, they have TV sets in cars right now, where you can punch up traffic routes, weather, everything! You can get Internet access already in cars in Japan, so within the next 2 to 3 years it's gonna be so crazy!;Glenn Danzig;car
Perhaps people, and kids especially, are spoiled today, because all the kids today have cars, it seems. When I was young you were lucky to have a bike.;James Cagney;car
But my passion is racing cars. It's what I like to do in my off time.;Mark-Paul Gosselaar;car
My mom said the only reason men are alive is for lawn care and vehicle maintenance.;Tim Allen;car
But to personally satisfy my own adrenalin needs, I've been racing cars a little bit, which has been fun.;Picabo Street;car
I have a need to make these sorts of connections literal sometimes, and a vehicle often helps to do that. I have a relationship to car culture. It isn't really about loving cars. It's sort of about needing them.;Matthew Barney;car
There's three things men always talk about - women, sports, and cars.;Mario Lopez;car
The automobile engine will come, and then I will consider my life's work complete.;Rudolf Diesel;car
I think we have to act like stars because it is expected of us. So we drive our big cars and live in our smart houses.;Maurice Gibb;car
