My marriage to my husband, Bart Conner in 1996 is my proudest personal moment.;Nadia Comaneci;marriage
When the first fossils began to be found in eastern Africa, in the late 1950s, I thought, what a wonderful marriage this was, biology and anthropology. I was around 16 years old when I made this particular choice of academic pursuit.;Donald Johanson;marriage
I didn't know that President Bush would endorse a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage.;Mary Cheney;marriage
It won't take 40 years for opposition to same-sex marriage to dissipate.;Mary Cheney;marriage
I know one husband and wife who, whatever the official reasons given to the court for the break up of their marriage, were really divorced because the husband believed that nobody ought to read while he was talking and the wife that nobody ought to talk while she was reading.;Vera Brittain;marriage
I had only two offers of marriage in my life, and I refused both.;Catherine Helen Spence;marriage
I remember driving home one evening while they were reviewing the papers on the radio. One of the articles was about me separating from my wife. It's a weird thing to listen to a news report about the break-up of your marriage.;Rory Bremner;marriage
In those days, the late 1970s, one of the leading politicians was a soon-to-be uncle by marriage of Arnold Schwarzenegger, named Ted Kennedy.;Michael Kinsley;marriage
No candidate can win a presidential race advocating gay marriage and opposing the military action in Iraq.;Dick Morris;marriage
Public-opinion polls show that Americans split about evenly on civil unions. But when the words 'gay marriage' are presented, they break 3-to-1 against it.;Dick Morris;marriage
Writing and singing does give me some kind of release from the demons of my past, it is a therapy of sorts, but to be honest, my marriage played a more important role in the acceptance of myself than performance has ever done.;Michelle Shocked;marriage
More than 1.1 million taxpayers in Pennsylvania will enjoy a lower tax rate, more than 1.4 million married couples will benefit from the reduction in the marriage penalty, and more than 1.1 million parents will have the advantage of an increased child tax credit.;Tim Murphy;marriage
I've never understood what the upside of marriage would be for me personally.;Arsenio Hall;marriage
I love being in a relationship, but marriage isn't for me.;Arsenio Hall;marriage
My parents' long and happy marriage was a great ideal to live up to, but a tough one.;Olivia Williams;marriage
My parents have a wonderful marriage, for many years. But I can't commit myself for such a long time.;Kim Wilde;marriage
My father was a Catholic, but my mother wasn't. She had to do that weird deal you do as a Catholic - they deign to sanction your marriage and you have to bring your children up as Catholics.;Jared Harris;marriage
It's very different than it use to be. I think everybody has a lot more experience in how to be in a relationship - whether it's a marriage or a significant other or a business or a friend.;Kathy Valentine;marriage
Sleeping together is a euphemism for people, but tantamount to marriage with cats.;Marge Piercy;marriage
There are more than 30 states, who either by statute or constitutional amendment, have defined marriage as being between a man and a woman.;John Thune;marriage
The sum and substance of female education in America, as in England, is training women to consider marriage as the sole object in life, and to pretend that they do not think so.;Harriet Martineau;marriage
The president strongly believes that marriage in this country ought to be between a man and a woman. He also believes it is something that ought to be decided by the people. He doesn't believe that judges ought to impose their will on the people.;Ken Mehlman;marriage
All I know is it destroyed my family, it destroyed my marriage to Sylvester and I will never get over it.;Brigitte Nielsen;marriage
It became plain very soon after our marriage that ours was to be a literary partnership.;Mary Augusta Ward;marriage
For after my marriage I had made various attempts to write fiction. They were clearly failures.;Mary Augusta Ward;marriage
I thought marriage was something very quiet and very regular and very bourgeois.;Carla Bruni;marriage
Marriage is another trap. If you are someone who likes independence, it's another stamp against that. And you have to swear to fidelity.;Carla Bruni;marriage
A good businessman never makes a contract unless he's sure he can carry it through, yet every fool on earth is perfectly willing to sign a marriage contract without considering whether he can live up to it or not.;Dalton Trumbo;marriage
It is sad that the Republican leadership is not as interested as they say they are in protecting the institution of marriage as they are in waging a campaign to divide and distract the American people from the real issues that need to be addressed.;Kendrick Meek;marriage
A band is not a marriage. There are no oaths of allegiance. If you feel your life will be better served by splitting up the group, you've got to do it - but of course it does cause problems.;Steve Winwood;marriage
I've never really been very good at marriage. It's one of my failures. I've tried my best, but I do realise the common denominator is me it's something I'm doing.;Len Goodman;marriage
Marriage is important to me and I love the idea of being married.;Nicole Appleton;marriage
Well I don't know that I'm okay any more than anyone else is okay, I lead a happy life and a very full one - I have a happy marriage and my kids are all cheerful, and no one is finding fault with me, personally.;L. Ron Hubbard;marriage
Heather knows why and when her marriage ended with Richie and she knows why my marriage ended with Charlie.;Denise Richards;marriage
My marriage was breaking up, and my marriage with Chong was breaking up. I had to come back and kind of start on my own again.;Cheech Marin;marriage
It's about time we all faced up to the truth. If we accept the radical homosexual agenda, be it in the military or in marriage or in other areas of our lives, we are utterly destroying the concept of family.;Alan Keyes;marriage
I think that's one of the most difficult things in any marriage - in order to build anything, you must be together. You can't build anything over the telephone.;Julie London;marriage
When I got political that blew our marriage out of the water. I was not the same person and I admit that.;Michael Moriarty;marriage
I worked with John, but I had enough sense to walk just a little ways behind him. I could have made more records, but I wanted to have a marriage.;June Carter Cash;marriage
But the fact that same-sex marriage is still an issue is insane. Thinking love knows a sex is ridiculous.;Garret Dillahunt;marriage
Legislation to create a new 10 percent tax bracket, reduce the marriage penalty, cut the tax rate on dividends and capital gains, and increase the child tax credit have been essential elements in this economic expansion.;Roger Wicker;marriage
I only gave out my opinion that same sex marriage is against the law of God.;Manny Pacquiao;marriage
I highly suggest marriage to all my friends who are dating.;Jerry O'Connell;marriage
I grew up in a Hindu household but went to a Roman Catholic school. I grew up with a mother who said, 'I'll arrange a marriage for you at 18,' but she also said that we could achieve anything we put our minds to an encourage us to dream of becoming prime minister or president.;Indra Nooyi;marriage
You can't have a happy family if you don't have a happy marriage.;Jeremy Sisto;marriage
There's not a lot of room anymore for what I call 'made-up' drama. The drama comes from real places now - marriage takes work and focus, the kid stuff takes patience and commitment. And if you don't grow as people and as a couple, within all of that, then you've got some real drama.;Jeremy Sisto;marriage
It's the best marriage of songs and production. But I have to say, I have an affinity for Bossanova.;Joey Santiago;marriage
New Orleans, more than many places I know, actually tangibly lives its culture. It's not just a residual of life it's a part of life. Music is at every major milestone of our life: birth, marriage, death. It's our culture.;Wendell Pierce;marriage
Let me be clear. I support the definition of marriage as a union between a man and a woman.;Ben Nelson;marriage
I was glad to hear of that determination as I detest the practice of cousins marrying or any marriage between persons in which there can be traced the most distant relationship. I go for the improvement instead of the deterioration of our race.;Ezra Cornell;marriage
Marriage is all about knowing the ins and outs and the intimate details, and your wife is supposed to be the person you know best. But my brother and I think alike, know everything about one another, and when we get together, we block everything else out. Nothing exists in our world except for us.;Jon Heder;marriage
Marriage is wild. I thought it was this perfect land of happiness and joy. Wrong! After you say you do, you don't for a long time.;John Leguizamo;marriage
I'm certain that most couples expect to find intimacy in marriage, but it somehow eludes them.;James Dobson;marriage
I think there is a generation gap. I personally look forward to, as our generation becomes the leaders, you are gonna see a change, and I think hopefully gay marriage will be a part of that country.;Vanessa Kerry;marriage
Many women cut back what had to be done at home by redefining what the house, the marriage and, sometimes, what the child needs. One woman described a fairly common pattern: I do my half. I do half of his half, and the rest doesn't get done.;Arlie Russell Hochschild;marriage
Obviously, the anti-ERA people are tickled about my ordeal because it proves that the ERA breaks up families. When they point out that feminism is a dangerous thing, I just say marriage is pretty precarious too.;Sonia Johnson;marriage
In response to our fast-food culture, a 'slow food' movement appeared. Out of hurried parenthood, a move toward slow parenting could be growing. With vital government supports for state-of-the-art public child care and paid parental leave, maybe we would be ready to try slow love and marriage.;Arlie Russell Hochschild;marriage
Traditional marriage between a man and a woman has been a cornerstone of our society for generations. If we are going to change that, it ought to be done by the will of the people.;Steve Chabot;marriage
I don't particularly think marriage is a sane thing.;Sean Young;marriage
I'm receiving 300 to 500 letters every week from people telling me that God used my stories to save their marriage or to introduce them to Christ or to heal a relationship that had been broken.;Karen Kingsbury;marriage
Marriage, like death, is a debt we owe to nature.;Julia Ward Howe;marriage
But I don't think that it's a form of family that I would be comfortable in. I've found a way to this character and this family, but I still believe that a marriage is between two people and not seven or three.;Jeanne Tripplehorn;marriage
The thing is, when I had my first success it did coincide with the end of my first marriage, and because I went on to have a very, very unhappy two years, I don't think I equate career success with personal happiness.;Rob Brydon;marriage
When you're suddenly pregnant and no one is standing by your side, even if you're in your 30s, it's a hard conversation. I'm a traditional girl, and I believe in marriage, and I just always thought that's the way I'd be doing this.;Bridget Moynahan;marriage
And my marriage was perfect when I wasn't famous.;Damon Wayans;marriage
I think that sense of humor is important in marriage. A sense of humor gets people through marriage.;Connie Britton;marriage
The fact is, I am in my third marriage and I do not believe in divorce. But I was half the problem, I guarantee you. More than half the problem. I couldn't negotiate with the other women.;James Brolin;marriage
Only after I faced the unhappiness of my first marriage did I start on the path of personal growth.;Judith Wright;marriage
I hope gay marriage will be legal in every state.;Mark Consuelos;marriage
The activists will not stop in trying to impose their extreme views on the rest of us, and they have now plotted out a state-by-state strategy to increase the number of judicial decisions redefining marriage without the voice of the people being heard.;Jim Bunning;marriage
The very idea of marriage is basic to recognition as equals in our society any status short of that is inferior, unjust, and unconstitutional.;Ted Olson;marriage
The United States Supreme Court has repeatedly held that marriage is one of the most fundamental rights that we have as Americans under our Constitution.;Ted Olson;marriage
Each experience I go through - marriage, my public life, my personal life - I'm learning as I go.;Jason Sudeikis;marriage
Gay marriage won't be more of an issue 25 years from now than interracial marriage is today.;Jared Polis;marriage
I've done an informal, anecdotal survey about marriage, and I've found no evidence that it brings happiness.;Mary McCormack;marriage
My father and mother were second cousins, though they did not meet till shortly before their marriage.;Patrick White;marriage
There's something about marriage that is not as intensely romantic or interesting as a couple's first meeting.;John Sandford;marriage
I finally got a chance to talk to my daughter from my previous marriage. I just got married May 3 to my beautiful wife, but we don't see each other much.;Peter Criss;marriage
Civil marriage, like all civil rights provided by the government, must be provided equally to all Americans.;Benjamin Todd Jealous;marriage
Marriage and the creation of families has been an integral part of our society since its creation it should not be defined without the kind of involvement by the people which a constitutional process would require.;Robert Foster Bennett;marriage
We are confident that the Supreme Court will soon see the direction that this country is headed and enshrine marriage as a constitutional right for all.;Benjamin Todd Jealous;marriage
Marriage, even the best marriages are tough.;Jayne Meadows;marriage
I lost my second marriage because of drinking, and I loved the woman very much. But I thought I needed booze to write. I'm glad I was disabused.;Barry Hannah;marriage
People used to say my son looked like a Mexican Biggie. And when he was first born, memories of Biggie... you know, we didn't always have the greatest days. For at least half the length of our marriage we were separated, so everyday was definitely not a good day.;Faith Evans;marriage
I guess you kind of got to realize that once you in a marriage, whatever it is, you gotta deal with it. Not necessarily that you got to accept it, but you have to deal with it and try your best to make it work for you, for the both of you.;Faith Evans;marriage
The reason for not getting married was that I just didn't have a partner to get married to. Climbing mountains was more attractive to me than marriage, or other fun things like that.;Tamae Watanabe;marriage
My father was on the faculty in the Chemistry Department of Harvard University my mother had one year of graduate work in physics before her marriage.;Kenneth G. Wilson;marriage
I got married at 22 and remained in an abusive marriage for 10 years. I made up my mind that that was never going to happen to me again. I made a brave step to walk out in a society when you didn't walk out of an abusive marriage. It was mental and physical abuse.;Joyce Banda;marriage
Everything in life is a lesson and I have learned from each marriage. Yes, I've made mistakes but every experience is a learning curve.;Patsy Kensit;marriage
If we did not look to marriage as the principal source of happiness, fewer marriages would end in tears.;Anthony Storr;marriage
I left my marriage knowing I'd have to work. I have.;Sarah Ferguson;marriage
Religious institutions should have religious freedom on this issue. No church or minister should ever have to conduct a marriage that is inconsistent with their religious beliefs. But I think as a civil institution, this issue's time has come and we need to move forward.;Kay Hagan;marriage
Our black president can't say that he's for gay marriage. That is upsetting to me.;Mario Cantone;marriage
Marriage has been defined by every legislature that has ever sat in the United States from every State, now 50 States, the same way, but now we have unelected judges altering and changing that fundamental institution.;Jeff Sessions;marriage
There's lots of problem solving in any marriage, but when you have this collective goal that is a human being, it's an inspiring rally point.;Ty Burrell;marriage
To say I drank my way into marriage isn't much of an exaggeration, and it's none at all to say I drank my way out of it.;Lawrence Block;marriage
Marriage: love, honor, and negotiate.;Joe Moore;marriage
I've learned this is a very long marriage doing a television show. I like the people that I work with to be people I enjoy, so you want to cast people who are as excited and enthusiastic as you are.;Shonda Rhimes;marriage
I am a firm believer in marriage. In the future I will be married.;Elisabetta Canalis;marriage
