Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, brain and spinal cord disorders, diabetes, cancer, at least 58 diseases could potentially be cured through stem cell research, diseases that touch every family in America and in the world.;Rosa DeLauro;family
When you go to the movies with your whole family, it's a different experience. For some reason, it's something that you're all doing together and you take away something special in that.;Vin Diesel;family
I was the oldest of the children in my family. I had to do a lot of diaper-changing and lunch-making. I was taking my little sister to ballet, picking up my brother, sort of being a super-nanny.;Vin Diesel;family
And having a strong family, you know we've lost some members of our family and had some setbacks, but I think a good family and kids all those things I thought at one time... you got to be kidding me... Those things are so important they enable you to go on.;Brett Favre;family
Well family is obviously the most important. There was a time when I thought football was the most important.;Brett Favre;family
In spite of reports about playing with various teams, I'm enjoying retirement with my family and have no plans to play football.;Brett Favre;family
I enjoy being busy, I really do. Remember, I'm the stub end of the railroad. I have no family, so I'm not taking busy time away from people that I should be spending it with. So I'm just relaxing and enjoying it.;Betty White;family
It's a little known fact that one in three family pets gets lost during its lifetime, and approximately 9 million pets enter shelters each year. That's why it's a wonderful thing to get your pet microchipped and registered with your contact information because then they can be located and the owners can track where their pets are.;Betty White;family
I'm thinking of a legacy that I can be proud of and wealth that my grandchildren can use to go to college. So world domination - in terms of providing for my family - is absolutely my goal.;Nicki Minaj;family
When I do get free time, I spend a lot of it at home with my family and my close friends and I think that's what keeps me happy, healthy, grounded, and totally in check.;Leighton Meester;family
My rule is, whatever you were calling me four years ago is what you should be calling me now, because I don't like it when my family or close friends call me Nicki Minaj. To me I'm not Nicki Minaj when I'm with them.;Nicki Minaj;family
What I want to do is tell stories about normal people in the American suburbs. I don't write the book where it's a conspiracy reaching the prime minister I don't write the book with the big serial killer who lops off heads. My setting is a very placid pool of suburbia, family life. And within that I can make pretty big splashes.;Harlan Coben;family
A racially integrated community is a chronological term timed from the entrance of the first black family to the exit of the last white family.;Saul Alinsky;family
Frankly I'm fairly boring or fairly busy. Between writing and family, I have little time for anything else.;Harlan Coben;family
If I'm not writing well, I'm not happy. If I'm not spending enough time with my family, I'm not happy. If I'm not connecting to friends or if I don't work out enough... You get the point. Everything has to be balanced. Nothing should be an extreme.;Harlan Coben;family
I always wanted to be a farmer. There is a tradition of that in my family.;Bjork;family
The Royal family to me are not England, and they are not the flag.;Steven Patrick Morrissey;family
My family, although they're very large on both my parents' sides, they don't know much about their family tree. Occasionally, they try to dig, but they can't get very far, and it's baffling. In Dublin, it seems that so many public records were wiped out it's proven to be very difficult, so I know very little.;Steven Patrick Morrissey;family
Anyone that has a job that takes them away from home, I think, can understand the difficulties in maintaining consistency, not only with your family and those you love but with your friends.;Heath Ledger;family
I'm not sure why no one wants to admit there's a viable audience out there that believes in God and wants to see a movie with their family. The demand is there. The supply is not.;Tyler Perry;family
Make space in your life for the things that matter, for family and friends, love and generosity, fun and joy. Without this, you will burn out in mid-career and wonder where your life went.;Jonathan Sacks;family
Jews have deep respect for the Queen and the royal family. We say a prayer for them every Sabbath in synagogue. We recite a special blessing on seeing the Queen.;Jonathan Sacks;family
Whole communities are growing up without fathers or male role models. Bringing up a family in the best of circumstances is not easy. To try to do it by placing the entire burden on women - 91% of single-parent families in Britain are headed by the mother, according to census data - is practically absurd and morally indefensible.;Jonathan Sacks;family
We do not always appreciate the role the Queen has played in one of the most significant changes in the past 60 years: the transformation of Britain into a multi-ethnic, multi-faith society. No one does interfaith better than the Royal family, and it starts with the Queen herself.;Jonathan Sacks;family
I grew up in a family where the internalized understanding was that the kids were going to grow up into a better world. I worry, because I don't think my kids are going to have that. The world is very scary. The world would be scary without the choices the current administration made, but they just exacerbated it. And it ticks me off. I want my kids to have a good life.;Bradley Whitford;family
No journalist has ever been in my house and no photographs have ever been taken of where I live. I don't parade my family out for display, which is the way it will stay.;Tom Hanks;family
I've always wanted to get into acting, ever since I was younger. I'd put on shows for my family and run around play dress-up all the time. I think I was 4 when I told them I wanted to do movies.;Emma Roberts;family
We fight a lot, you know, but that's family. We may be dysfunctional but we're still family.;Star Jones;family
I like all the families in the U.K. But what I like about the idea of the royal family is... they seem like they're well educated and there's something admirable about them. And the Queen... she reminds me of my grandma.;will.i.am;family
I'm from a nice, suburban, middle-class family, but my tattoos remind me where I've been.;Tom Hardy;family
If you live in a ghetto and really want not to just change your life and your family's life but change your ghetto's life, make your ghetto a good neighbourhood, learn science try to be like Mark Zuckerberg, Bill Gates and Steve Jobs.;will.i.am;family
If you live in a good neighborhood, you drive home and there's a bank. There's grocery stores and big houses - but no motels. What that tells you psychologically is you protect your money and buy good things for your family to eat in your nice big house.;will.i.am;family
Respectable means rich, and decent means poor. I should die if I heard my family called decent.;Thomas Mann;family
The countries who do the best in international comparisons, whether it's Finland or Japan, Denmark or Singapore, do well because they have professional teachers who are respected, and they also have family and community which support learning.;Howard Gardner;family
The functions of the family in a highly differentiated society are not to be interpreted as functions directly on behalf of the society, but on behalf of personality.;Talcott Parsons;family
My family moved a lot as a kid. We started in Colorado, where I lived for five years. We moved to Chicago for two years, to San Francisco for one year, Connecticut for seven, Oregon for a couple years, and then I went to school. So I was always moving, I'm still always moving.;Gus Van Sant;family
There is a common theme, though, in the stories I have told, which are usually associations of characters or families that are formed outside of a family circle.;Gus Van Sant;family
If I'm diagnosed with cancer I might become despondent, but someone young might not, and they might need connections with somebody outside their circle of family because their family is so despondent.;Gus Van Sant;family
My family moved a lot as a kid. We started in Colorado, where I lived for five years. We moved to Chicago for two years, to San Francisco for one year, Connecticut for seven, Oregon for a couple years, and then I went to school.;Gus Van Sant;family
Because I didn't have brothers, I was always interested in the kids down the street that had four brothers in their family, so I became one of them - but it was not my family.;Gus Van Sant;family
According to the Small Business Administration, more than 70 percent of all family businesses do not survive through the second generation, and 8 percent do not make it to a third.;Kit Bond;family
I wasn't looking to get into TV. My family was in the movie business, so I was never interested in that world.;Giada De Laurentiis;family
The summer before I went to culinary school, my family wanted me to take a job on a movie to make sure that I was making the right decision. I think they hoped I would change my mind about culinary school.;Giada De Laurentiis;family
My family truly believes they are better cooks than I am. They see me as Giada, not as a celebrity chef. To them I'm just me - their granddaughter, niece, etc., and they're older and wiser. I like that because it keeps you grounded.;Giada De Laurentiis;family
I want to deal with somebody who comes from another country to the United States and has a family that comes. I don't care if it's a black family from Jamaica or a Hispanic family from Mexico. These issues need to be dealt with, but they need to be dealt with in the entertaining way.;Harvey Weinstein;family
A plague on eminence! I hardly dare cross the street anymore without a convoy, and I am stared at wherever I go like an idiot member of a royal family or an animal in a zoo and zoo animals have been known to die from stares.;Igor Stravinsky;family
I'm a strange mixture of my mother's curiosity my father, who grew up the son of the manse in a Presbyterian family, who had a tremendous sense of duty and responsibility and my mother's father, who was always in trouble with gambling debts.;Rupert Murdoch;family
I'm considered homophobic and crazy about these things and old fashioned. But I think that the family - father, mother, children - is fundamental to our civilisation.;Rupert Murdoch;family
I'd be a liar if I said I had a normal family.;Edward Furlong;family
I sometimes wonder if the tragedies my family has suffered are a kind of karmic price for all the fame and fortune the Bee Gees have had.;Robin Gibb;family
In a couple, sometimes, one or both people have to give up their personal life, dreams and ambitions for the good of the family.;Monica Bellucci;family
The financial costs of family breakdown are incredibly high.;Iain Duncan Smith;family
When I'm on my own, I can be negative. I need my friends and family around to help pick me up if I've had a bad qualifying session. I think insecurity plagues a lot of sportspeople.;Jenson Button;family
I do a lot of writing about my family.;Katey Sagal;family
By measuring the proportion of children living with the same parents from birth and whether their parents report a good quality relationship we are driving home the message that social programmes should promote family stability and avert breakdown.;Iain Duncan Smith;family
I do not believe the picture that some people paint of Scottish towns dependent on welfare. Every time I come here, I meet people who are determined to get into work. Who, with the right help are desperate to get off benefits, support their family and set an example for their children.;Iain Duncan Smith;family
Getting a family into work, supporting strong relationships, getting parents off drugs and out of debt - all this can do more for a child's well-being than any amount of money in out-of-work benefits.;Iain Duncan Smith;family
Choosing to be in the theatre was a way to put my roots down somewhere with other people. It was a way to choose a new family.;Juliette Binoche;family
The extraordinary thing about India is that it's such a family place. It's full of families everywhere.;Danny Boyle;family
God created the family to provide the maximum love and support and morality and example that one can imagine.;Jerry Falwell;family
I was lucky. My family is wonderful. And it's funny, because most of my best friends come from very large families. So it always felt as if I had lots of siblings, though in the end I had to leave them and go home. I kind of got the best of both worlds as a kid.;Sophia Bush;family
Because sorry to say, women run the house. They run the family. They hold things up. I mean, it's like you don't ever see your mom get sick because she handles everything. And it's kind of amazing I think to show people just how strong women are.;Sophia Bush;family
Family is becoming more and more important to me.;Diane Kruger;family
You know, most people, they want to go to Hollywood. They want to be a star. They want to be a rock star. That thought never entered any of our minds, the Van Halen family.;Eddie Van Halen;family
I love being healthy. I get a lot of sleep. I'm a girl who eats. And I feel beautiful no matter how I look. I have my family to thank for that.;Lea Michele;family
The name Van Halen, the family legacy, is going to go on long after I'm gone.;Eddie Van Halen;family
I'm overjoyed and beyond honored to be a part of the L'Oreal Paris family. I'm such a fan of L'Oreal Paris not just for all of their amazing products, but for what they stand for.;Lea Michele;family
The whole point of being in this business and being blessed and being successful is that you're able to do things for your friends or your family, which means that they can have something special in their lives, too.;Elton John;family
I feel my family's needs are a priority. I'm not comfortable with the idea of serving the many and ignoring my family.;Susan Sarandon;family
It is from the progeny of this parent cell that we all take our looks we still share genes around, and the resemblance of the enzymes of grasses to those of whales is in fact a family resemblance.;Lewis Thomas;family
Until he lost all his money, my father was a successful north London Jewish businessman. He was unusual among his immediate family in that he was enormously cultured and had an incredible library.;Anthony Horowitz;family
I don't want to be reincarnated, that's for sure. When you've had rewarding experiences in your life - a loving family, friends - you don't need additional reassurances that you're going to do something with a new cast of characters. I'd just as soon pass.;Lewis Thomas;family
Wart hogs should sue for libel. It is a terrible name and they are fine fellows and devoted family men and it is rare to see one by himself the little woman and the kiddies are usually close at hand.;Ilka Chase;family
You know, you only get one family, and you have to make it work.;Tori Spelling;family
It's a family that's loaded with grudges and passion. We come from a long line of robbers and highwaymen in Italy, you know. Killers, even.;Nicolas Cage;family
The voters are going to decide in November who is going to fix their personal family dismay over not having jobs in America. They are going to pick Mitt Romney.;John Sununu;family
But in my heart of hearts, this is the kind of thing... this is what everyone is struggling with in their lives - relationships and family. To me, it's always an interesting area to mine. I'm drawn to it.;Mark Ruffalo;family
The U.K. needs a system for family migration underpinned by three simple principles. One: that those who come here should do so on the basis of a genuine relationship. Two: that migrants should be able to pay their way. And three: that they are able to integrate into British society.;Theresa May;family
The sad events that occur in my life are the sad events that happen to everybody, with losing friends and family, but that is a natural occurrence, as natural as being born.;Sergio Aragones;family
I have lived in Mumbai for more than 20 years, have my domicile here, my home and family here.;Shahrukh Khan;family
I've been through a lot of things in my personal and family life. That turned me into a fighter. I always strive to be the best I possibly can.;Hope Solo;family
I'm lucky. The best possible place in the world for training is Addis Ababa, so I am home all the time except when I am racing. I like to be there, near my family, my kids, also the real estate business I run with my wife.;Haile Gebrselassie;family
A company that pays attention to the family unit is a successful company. We don't isolate the family. We don't make rides that say, 'Hey mom, dad, you go sit on the bench.';Michael Eisner;family
People just don't laugh when their family is violated, and you don't shrug it off. You band together and you defend together. It's a funny, primitive instinct.;Phillip Noyce;family
Family traditions counter alienation and confusion. They help us define who we are they provide something steady, reliable and safe in a confusing world.;Susan Lieberman;family
When I was very little, we would get letters from China, in Chinese, and they' be censored. We were a very insular little family.;Maya Lin;family
If you want to have a good life, you should focus on your family, on your business, on your dog, on your fun, and you'll have a good life.;Adam Carolla;family
I don't have anything against my mom, but my family has no emotional connection to each other.;Adam Carolla;family
I had no fun. My family was too serious.;Miuccia Prada;family
Monarchists frequently declare that without the royal family, Britain would be 'nothing.' What a woeful lack of love for one's country such statements express.;Julie Burchill;family
It has to be real, and I think a lot of the problems we have as a society is because we don't acknowledge that family is important, and it has to be people who are present, you know, and mothers and fathers, both are not present enough with children.;James Earl Jones;family
It was a source of shame for my family that I was in rock and roll, which is so blue-collar. It just isn't done. And I felt it, too.;Liz Phair;family
What unites Oklahomans today is what has always united us: Our unshakable faith. Our love of family and compassion for others. The unlimited promise of a hopeful future.;Brad Henry;family
Playing guitar was one of my childhood hobbies, and I had played a little at school and at camp. My parents would drag me out to perform for my family, like all parents do, but it was a hobby - nothing more.;Bonnie Raitt;family
Of course I regret not having been able to spend time with my family.;Aung San Suu Kyi;family
For our immediate family and relatives, Canada was a land of opportunity.;Sidney Altman;family
One wants to be together with one's family. That's what families are about.;Aung San Suu Kyi;family
My family can always tell when I'm well into a novel because the meals get very crummy.;Anne Tyler;family
Classical and romantic: private language of a family quarrel, a dead dispute over the distribution of emphasis between man and nature.;Cyril Connolly;family
