No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.;Alan Watts;fear
It's the most unhappy people who most fear change.;Mignon McLaughlin;fear
The more you can increase fear of drugs and crime, welfare mothers, immigrants and aliens, the more you control all the people.;Noam Chomsky;fear
Courageous people do not fear forgiving, for the sake of peace.;Nelson Mandela;fear
People always fear change. People feared electricity when it was invented, didn't they? People feared coal, they feared gas-powered engines... There will always be ignorance, and ignorance leads to fear. But with time, people will come to accept their silicon masters.;Bill Gates;fear
There is nothing I fear more than waking up without a program that will help me bring a little happiness to those with no resources, those who are poor, illiterate, and ridden with terminal disease.;Nelson Mandela;fear
Fear is the thought of admitted inferiority.;Elbert Hubbard;fear
The thing we fear we bring to pass.;Elbert Hubbard;fear
Fear clogs faith liberates.;Elbert Hubbard;fear
Courage is knowing what not to fear.;Plato;fear
When the tyrant has disposed of foreign enemies by conquest or treaty, and there is nothing more to fear from them, then he is always stirring up some war or other, in order that the people may require a leader.;Plato;fear
As we let our light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence actually liberates others.;Marianne Williamson;fear
We need to teach the next generation of children from day one that they are responsible for their lives. Mankind's greatest gift, also its greatest curse, is that we have free choice. We can make our choices built from love or from fear.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;fear
The world is full of a lot of fear and a lot of negativity, and a lot of judgment. I just think people need to start shifting into joy and happiness. As corny as it sounds, we need to make a shift.;Ellen DeGeneres;fear
Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends.;Shirley MacLaine;fear
Fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind.;Dale Carnegie;fear
Do the thing you fear to do and keep on doing it... that is the quickest and surest way ever yet discovered to conquer fear.;Dale Carnegie;fear
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.;George S. Patton;fear
Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear.;Baruch Spinoza;fear
If we take the generally accepted definition of bravery as a quality which knows no fear, I have never seen a brave man. All men are frightened. The more intelligent they are, the more they are frightened.;George S. Patton;fear
A man who is not afraid is not aggressive, a man who has no sense of fear of any kind is really a free, a peaceful man.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;fear
What I needed most was to love and to be loved, eager to be caught. Happily I wrapped those painful bonds around me and sure enough, I would be lashed with the red-hot pokers or jealousy, by suspicions and fear, by burst of anger and quarrels.;Saint Augustine;fear
Writing is a form of therapy sometimes I wonder how all those who do not write, compose or paint can manage to escape the madness, melancholia, the panic and fear which is inherent in a human situation.;Graham Greene;fear
The safest course is to do nothing against one's conscience. With this secret, we can enjoy life and have no fear from death.;Voltaire;fear
The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear.;Brian Tracy;fear
Our heavenly Father understands our disappointment, suffering, pain, fear, and doubt. He is always there to encourage our hearts and help us understand that He's sufficient for all of our needs. When I accepted this as an absolute truth in my life, I found that my worrying stopped.;Charles Stanley;fear
The thing you fear most has no power. Your fear of it is what has the power. Facing the truth really will set you free.;Oprah Winfrey;fear
Fear of death increases in exact proportion to increase in wealth.;Ernest Hemingway;fear
The people to fear are not those who disagree with you, but those who disagree with you and are too cowardly to let you know.;Napoleon Bonaparte;fear
Injustice is censured because the censures are afraid of suffering, and not from any fear which they have of doing injustice.;Plato;fear
Fear of something is at the root of hate for others, and hate within will eventually destroy the hater.;George Washington Carver;fear
Know one knows whether death, which people fear to be the greatest evil, may not be the greatest good.;Plato;fear
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.;Bertrand Russell;fear
The one permanent emotion of the inferior man is fear - fear of the unknown, the complex, the inexplicable. What he wants above everything else is safety.;H. L. Mencken;fear
The moment we begin to fear the opinions of others and hesitate to tell the truth that is in us, and from motives of policy are silent when we should speak, the divine floods of light and life no longer flow into our souls.;Elizabeth Cady Stanton;fear
Men are moved by two levers only: fear and self interest.;Napoleon Bonaparte;fear
The beauty, the poetry of the fear in their eyes. I didn't mind going to jail for, what, five, six hours? It was absolutely worth it.;Johnny Depp;fear
You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so. For remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind.;Dale Carnegie;fear
Fear not those who argue but those who dodge.;Dale Carnegie;fear
Never let the fear of striking out get in your way.;Babe Ruth;fear
God will never direct us to be prideful, arrogant and unforgiving, immoral or slothful or full of fear. We step into these things because we are insensitive to the leadership of the Holy Spirit within us.;Charles Stanley;fear
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass anyway we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use.;Earl Nightingale;fear
Fear is the foundation of most governments.;John Adams;fear
Fear follows crime and is its punishment.;Voltaire;fear
Boredom is... a vital problem for the moralist, since half the sins of mankind are caused by the fear of it.;Bertrand Russell;fear
Americans are in a cycle of fear which leads to people not wanting to spend and not wanting to make investments, and that leads to more fear. We'll break out of it. It takes time.;Warren Buffett;fear
I more fear what is within me than what comes from without.;Martin Luther;fear
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.;Richard Bach;fear
The strength and power of despotism consists wholly in the fear of resistance.;Thomas Paine;fear
Fear is the passion of slaves.;Patrick Henry;fear
It's an interesting combination: Having a great fear of being alone, and having a desperate need for solitude and the solitary experience. That's always been a tug of war for me.;Jodie Foster;fear
Puritanism. The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.;H. L. Mencken;fear
Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance.;Francis of Assisi;fear
Whether you like it or not, you're forced to come to the realisation that death is out there. But I don't fear death, I'm a fatalist. I believe when it's your time, that's it. It's the hand you're dealt.;Clint Eastwood;fear
America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.;Harry S. Truman;fear
Look not mournfully into the past, it comes not back again. Wisely improve the present, it is thine. Go forth to meet the shadowy future without fear and with a manly heart.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;fear
The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.;John C. Maxwell;fear
Fear is the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty. To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.;Bertrand Russell;fear
The Cuban people still live in constant fear of a brutal totalitarian regime that has demonstrated time and again its utter disregard for basic human dignity. The fight for a free Cuba has gone on for far too long.;Mitt Romney;fear
I was set free because my greatest fear had been realized, and I still had a daughter who I adored, and I had an old typewriter and a big idea. And so rock bottom became a solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.;J. K. Rowling;fear
I will show you fear in a handful of dust.;T. S. Eliot;fear
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.;Isaac Asimov;fear
Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.;Richard Bach;fear
It is almost universally felt that when we call a country democratic we are praising it consequently, the defenders of every kind of regime claim that it is a democracy, and fear that they might have to stop using the word if it were tied down to any one meaning.;George Orwell;fear
It is part of the general pattern of misguided policy that our country is now geared to an arms economy which was bred in an artificially induced psychosis of war hysteria and nurtured upon an incessant propaganda of fear.;Douglas MacArthur;fear
There is a time to take counsel of your fears, and there is a time to never listen to any fear.;George S. Patton;fear
I love the name of honor, more than I fear death.;Julius Caesar;fear
Men shrink less from offending one who inspires love than one who inspires fear.;Niccolo Machiavelli;fear
Collective fear stimulates herd instinct, and tends to produce ferocity toward those who are not regarded as members of the herd.;Bertrand Russell;fear
Where fear is, happiness is not.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;fear
I write for those women who do not speak, for those who do not have a voice because they were so terrified, because we are taught to respect fear more than ourselves. We've been taught that silence would save us, but it won't.;Audre Lorde;fear
Poverty entails fear and stress and sometimes depression. It meets a thousand petty humiliations and hardships. Climbing out of poverty by your own efforts that is something on which to pride yourself but poverty itself is romanticized by fools.;J. K. Rowling;fear
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.;Bertrand Russell;fear
My friends, love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic. And we'll change the world.;Jack Layton;fear
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.;Alexander Pope;fear
You must not fear death, my lads defy him, and you drive him into the enemy's ranks.;Napoleon Bonaparte;fear
Neither a man nor a crowd nor a nation can be trusted to act humanely or to think sanely under the influence of a great fear.;Bertrand Russell;fear
Unless India stands up to the world, no one will respect us. In this world, fear has no place. Only strength respects strength.;Abdul Kalam;fear
Live your life that the fear of death can never enter your heart.;Tecumseh;fear
None but a coward dares to boast that he has never known fear.;Bertrand Russell;fear
There are only two forces that unite men - fear and interest.;Napoleon Bonaparte;fear
Those who own much have much to fear.;Rabindranath Tagore;fear
Religion. A daughter of Hope and Fear, explaining to Ignorance the nature of the Unknowable.;Ambrose Bierce;fear
Our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear - kept us in a continuous stampede of patriotic fervor - with the cry of grave national emergency.;Douglas MacArthur;fear
The weeds keep multiplying in our garden, which is our mind ruled by fear. Rip them out and call them by name.;Sylvia Browne;fear
Fear is not in the habit of speaking truth when perfect sincerity is expected, perfect freedom must be allowed nor has anyone who is apt to be angry when he hears the truth any cause to wonder that he does not hear it.;Tacitus;fear
Why are we so full of restraint? Why do we not give in all directions? Is it fear of losing ourselves? Until we do lose ourselves there is no hope of finding ourselves.;Henry Miller;fear
There is none made so great, but he may both need the help and service, and stand in fear of the power and unkindness, even of the meanest of mortals.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;fear
Fear? If I have gained anything by damning myself, it is that I no longer have anything to fear.;Jean-Paul Sartre;fear
I hope for nothing. I fear nothing. I am free.;Nikos Kazantzakis;fear
The constant assertion of belief is an indication of fear.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;fear
You feel sometimes when you hear analysts and knowledgeable people talking about Iran that they fear so much about the survival of the regime, because deep down it's not a legitimate regime, it doesn't represent the will of the people, it's kind of morphed into kind of a military theocracy.;Hillary Clinton;fear
I do respect people's faith, but I don't respect their manipulation of that faith in order to create fear and control.;Javier Bardem;fear
It is better for you to be free of fear lying upon a pallet, than to have a golden couch and a rich table and be full of trouble.;Epicurus;fear
Jealousy is the fear of comparison.;Max Frisch;fear
Our party must continue to strike fear in the heart of the white man, our real enemy!;Robert Mugabe;fear
We're taught to be ashamed of confusion, anger, fear and sadness, and to me they're of equal value to happiness, excitement and inspiration.;Alanis Morissette;fear
The heart never grows better by age I fear rather worse, always harder. A young liar will be an old one, and a young knave will only be a greater knave as he grows older.;Lord Chesterfield;fear
It is not death or pain that is to be dreaded, but the fear of pain or death.;Epictetus;fear
