The mind is never satisfied with the objects immediately before it, but is always breaking away from the present moment, and losing itself in schemes of future felicity... The natural flights of the human mind are not from pleasure to pleasure, but from hope to hope.;Samuel Johnson;hope
Gratitude is merely the secret hope of further favors.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;hope
Love can no more continue without a constant motion than fire can and when once you take hope and fear away, you take from it its very life and being.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;hope
Hope is the greatest thing for moms of autism. Hope is what gets us out of bed in the morning. I'm on a mission to tell parents that there is a way.;Jenny McCarthy;hope
I hope you love birds too. It is economical. It saves going to heaven.;Emily Dickinson;hope
Comedy is defiance. It's a snort of contempt in the face of fear and anxiety. And it's the laughter that allows hope to creep back on the inhale.;Will Durst;hope
Keep all special thoughts and memories for lifetimes to come. Share these keepsakes with others to inspire hope and build from the past, which can bridge to the future.;Mattie Stepanek;hope
Many believe - and I believe - that I have been designated for this work by God. In spite of my old age, I do not want to give it up I work out of love for God and I put all my hope in Him.;Michelangelo;hope
In most of mankind gratitude is merely a secret hope of further favors.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;hope
I hate the idea of causes, and if I had to choose between betraying my country and betraying my friend, I hope I should have the guts to betray my country.;E. M. Forster;hope
Little progress can be made by merely attempting to repress what is evil. Our great hope lies in developing what is good.;Calvin Coolidge;hope
The charm of fishing is that it is the pursuit of what is elusive but attainable, a perpetual series of occasions for hope.;John Buchan;hope
I have often said that I wish I had invented blue jeans: the most spectacular, the most practical, the most relaxed and nonchalant. They have expression, modesty, sex appeal, simplicity - all I hope for in my clothes.;Yves Saint Laurent;hope
If you start in the pit of despair with these profane, awful things, even a glimmer of hope or awareness is going to occur that's much brighter coming from this dark, awful beginning.;Chuck Palahniuk;hope
I hope all of you are going to fill out your census form when it comes in the mail next month. If you don't return the form the area you live in might get less government money and you wouldn't want that to happen, would you.;Andy Rooney;hope
The future is not Big Government. Self-serving politicians. Powerful bureaucrats. This has been tried, tested throughout history. The result has always been disaster. President Obama, your agenda is not new. It's not change, and it's not hope.;Rush Limbaugh;hope
Hope begins in the dark, the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing, the dawn will come. You wait and watch and work: you don't give up.;Anne Lamott;hope
Isn't it the moment of most profound doubt that gives birth to new certainties? Perhaps hopelessness is the very soil that nourishes human hope perhaps one could never find sense in life without first experiencing its absurdity.;Vaclav Havel;hope
Man's only true happiness is to live in hope of something to be won by him. Reverence something to be worshipped by him, and love something to be cherished by him, forever.;John Ruskin;hope
Hope is the feeling we have that the feeling we have is not permanent.;Mignon McLaughlin;hope
Ideology, politics and journalism, which luxuriate in failure, are impotent in the face of hope and joy.;P. J. O'Rourke;hope
But what is Hope? Nothing but the paint on the face of Existence the least touch of truth rubs it off, and then we see what a hollow-cheeked harlot we have got hold of.;Lord Byron;hope
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.;Niels Bohr;hope
Let's drink to the spirit of gallantry and courage that made a strange Heaven out of unbelievable Hell, and let's drink to the hope that one day this country of ours, which we love so much, will find dignity and greatness and peace again.;Noel Coward;hope
Children are God's Apostles, sent forth, day by day, to preach of love, and hope, and peace.;James Russell Lowell;hope
In the night of death, hope sees a star, and listening love can hear the rustle of a wing.;Robert Green Ingersoll;hope
I really feel like life will dictate itself. You should allow it to unfold as naturally as possible. Just go with the flow. When you're really desperate, you say a few prayers and hope for the best. That's the way I've always lived my life.;Shania Twain;hope
One thing I hope I'll never be is drunk with my own power. And anybody who says I am will never work in this town again.;Jim Carrey;hope
I hope to have communion with the people, that is the most important thing.;Pope John Paul II;hope
Love is a springtime plant that perfumes everything with its hope, even the ruins to which it clings.;Gustave Flaubert;hope
A mission is a place where you ask nonbelievers to come and find faith and hope and feel love.;Robert H. Schuller;hope
I'm not the type of guy who enjoys one-night stands. It leaves me feeling very empty and cynical. It's not even fun sexually. I need to feel something for the woman and entertain the vain hope that it may lead to a relationship.;Ben Affleck;hope
Yesterday I was a dog. Today I'm a dog. Tomorrow I'll probably still be a dog. Sigh! There's so little hope for advancement.;Charles M. Schulz;hope
You can't go around hoping that most people have sterling moral characters. The most you can hope for is that people will pretend that they do.;Fran Lebowitz;hope
I hope it is true that a man can die and yet not only live in others but give them life, and not only life, but that great consciousness of life.;Jack Kerouac;hope
Compromise is but the sacrifice of one right or good in the hope of retaining another - too often ending in the loss of both.;Tryon Edwards;hope
The happy Union of these States is a wonder their Constitution a miracle their example the hope of Liberty throughout the world.;James Madison;hope
In the long term we can hope that religion will change the nature of man and reduce conflict. But history is not encouraging in this respect. The bloodiest wars in history have been religious wars.;Richard M. Nixon;hope
Today I can declare my hope and declare it from the bottom of my heart that we will eventually see the time when that number of nuclear weapons is down to zero and the world is a much better place.;Colin Powell;hope
None who have always been free can understand the terrible fascinating power of the hope of freedom to those who are not free.;Pearl S. Buck;hope
The youth is the hope of our future.;Jose Rizal;hope
Nor dread nor hope attend a dying animal a man awaits his end dreading and hoping all.;William Butler Yeats;hope
Among physicists, I'm respected I hope.;Stephen Hawking;hope
I hope that no more groans of wounded men and women will ever go to the ear of the Great Spirit Chief above, and that all people may be one people.;Chief Joseph;hope
What we hope ever to do with ease, we must learn first to do with diligence.;Samuel Johnson;hope
Exploiting people's emotions of fear, envy and anxiety is not hope, it's not change, it's partisanship. We don't need partisanship. We don't need demagoguery, we need solutions.;Paul Ryan;hope
I wish you a tolerable Thursday. That's all any of us can hope for.;April Winchell;hope
There is a subconscious way of taking violence as a way of expression, as a normality, and it has a lot of effects in the youth in the way they absorb education and what they hope to get out of life.;Salma Hayek;hope
The hope and change the Democrats had in mind was nothing more than a retread of the failed and discredited socialist policies that have been the enemy of freedom for centuries all over the world. I fear America is teetering towards tyranny.;Jim DeMint;hope
I want no epitaphs of profound history and all that type of thing. I contributed. I would hope they would say that, and I would hope somebody liked me.;Brian Clough;hope
We are long before we are convinced that happiness is never to be found, and each believes it possessed by others, to keep alive the hope of obtaining it for himself.;Samuel Johnson;hope
The natural flights of the human mind are not from pleasure to pleasure, but from hope to hope.;Samuel Johnson;hope
Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness.;Desmond Tutu;hope
Pessimists are the people who have no hope for themselves or for others. Pessimists are also people who think the human race is beneath their notice, that they're better than other human beings.;James A. Baldwin;hope
The sea, the great unifier, is man's only hope. Now, as never before, the old phrase has a literal meaning: we are all in the same boat.;Jacques Yves Cousteau;hope
The present is the ever moving shadow that divides yesterday from tomorrow. In that lies hope.;Frank Lloyd Wright;hope
Absence from whom we love is worse than death, and frustrates hope severer than despair.;William Cowper;hope
Hope is a state of mind, not of the world. Hope, in this deep and powerful sense, is not the same as joy that things are going well, or willingness to invest in enterprises that are obviously heading for success, but rather an ability to work for something because it is good.;Vaclav Havel;hope
For me, already being part of a single parent household and knowing it was just me and my mom, you'd would wake up times and hope that the next day you'd be able to be alongside your mother because she was out trying to make sure that I was taken care of. But all I cared about was her being home.;LeBron James;hope
A strange thing is memory, and hope one looks backward, and the other forward one is of today, the other of tomorrow. Memory is history recorded in our brain, memory is a painter, it paints pictures of the past and of the day.;Grandma Moses;hope
Your ordinary acts of love and hope point to the extraordinary promise that every human life is of inestimable value.;Desmond Tutu;hope
If I had to choose between betraying my country and betraying my friend, I hope I should have the guts to betray my country.;E. M. Forster;hope
Hope is the only bee that makes honey without flowers.;Robert Green Ingersoll;hope
When too many Americans don't vote or participate, some see apathy and despair. I see disappointment and even outrage. And I believe that out of this frustration can come hope and action.;Paul Wellstone;hope
At the end of the day, all you can hope for is to go on. The older I get, the more I realize that just keeping on keeping on is what life's all about.;Janis Ian;hope
This man is freed from servile bands, Of hope to rise, or fear to fall Lord of himself, though not of lands, And leaving nothing, yet hath all.;Lord Byron;hope
From too much love of living, From hope and fear set free, We thank with brief thanksgiving Whatever gods may be That no life lives for ever That dead men rise up never That even the weariest river Winds somewhere safe to sea.;Algernon Charles Swinburne;hope
When I was young, my ambition was to be one of the people who made a difference in this world. My hope is to leave the world a little better for having been there.;Jim Henson;hope
I know some people say I can be funny. But there is always a deeper meaning to what I say. I am a socialist at heart and have the interests of the poor in mind. When people see how I manage to work my way out of tough situations, it gives them hope in their own life.;Lalu Prasad Yadav;hope
I've learnt that through life you just get on with it. You're going to meet a lot of dishonest people along the line and you say good luck to them. I hope they live in comfort. Then I start sticking more pins in their effigies.;Roger Moore;hope
Hope travels through, nor quits us when we die.;Alexander Pope;hope
If you keep thinking about what you want to do or what you hope will happen, you don't do it, and it won't happen.;Desiderius Erasmus;hope
I hope to make people realize how totally helpless animals are, how dependent on us, trusting as a child must that we will be kind and take care of their needs.;James Herriot;hope
I hope I am remembered by my children as a good father.;Orson Scott Card;hope
Every year we celebrate the holy season of Advent, O God. Every year we pray those beautiful prayers of longing and waiting, and sing those lovely songs of hope and promise.;Karl Rahner;hope
It is practically impossible to teach good programming to students that have had a prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.;Edsger Dijkstra;hope
Well, I'm like a drug addict, I'm always saying I'm going to stop, and then I don't, what I've said consistently is that I hope I know when to stop: when it starts to get repetitive.;Stephen King;hope
You cannot hope to sweep someone else away by the force of your writing until it has been done to you.;Stephen King;hope
If we were logical, the future would be bleak, indeed. But we are more than logical. We are human beings, and we have faith, and we have hope, and we can work.;Jacques Yves Cousteau;hope
You just have to keep trying to do good work, and hope that it leads to more good work. I want to look back on my career and be proud of the work, and be proud that I tried everything. Yes, I want to look back and know that I was terrible at a variety of things.;Jon Stewart;hope
An athlete cannot run with money in his pockets. He must run with hope in his heart and dreams in his head.;Emil Zatopek;hope
Nothing that is worth doing can be achieved in a lifetime therefore we must be saved by hope.;Reinhold Niebuhr;hope
Few tragedies can be more extensive than the stunting of life, few injustices deeper than the denial of an opportunity to strive or even to hope, by a limit imposed from without, but falsely identified as lying within.;Stephen Jay Gould;hope
Now, I look at where I am now and I know what I wanna to do. What I would like to be able to do is to spend whatever time I have left and to give, and maybe some hope to others.;Jim Valvano;hope
All people hope Islam helps everything in life. Islam will make jobs. Islam will make freedom. Islam will make everything.;Ahmed Ali;hope
Drugs are the enemies of ambition and hope - and when we fight against drugs we are fighting for the future.;Bob Riley;hope
In economics, hope and faith coexist with great scientific pretension and also a deep desire for respectability.;John Kenneth Galbraith;hope
Being generous or doing things for others actually makes me feel good so I don't do it because I hope karma will come round and get me and I'll benefit from it.;David Schwimmer;hope
I just hope that our fans are people who are inspired by music, and just use our music as a background or inspiration for whatever it is they do.;Maynard James Keenan;hope
The results of political changes are hardly ever those which their friends hope or their foes fear.;Thomas Huxley;hope
It's a good place when all you have is hope and not expectations.;Danny Boyle;hope
I had in mind a message, although I hope it doesn't intrude too badly, persuading Americans, and especially Southerners, of the critical importance of land and our vanishing natural environment and wildlife.;E. O. Wilson;hope
The secret is not to give up hope. It's very hard not to because if you're really doing something worthwhile I think you will be pushed to the brink of hopelessness before you come through the other side.;George Lucas;hope
You all know that I have been sustained throughout my life by three saving graces - my family, my friends, and a faith in the power of resilience and hope. These graces have carried me through difficult times and they have brought more joy to the good times than I ever could have imagined.;Elizabeth Edwards;hope
Where I am today... I still have my ups and downs, but I take it one day at a time and I just hope that I can be the best that I can possibly be, not only for myself, but also young people that are out there today that need someone to look up to.;Demi Lovato;hope
Many possessions, if they do not make a man better, are at least expected to make his children happier and this pathetic hope is behind many exertions.;George Santayana;hope
A good question is never answered. It is not a bolt to be tightened into place but a seed to be planted and to bear more seed toward the hope of greening the landscape of idea.;John Ciardi;hope
I do not at all have the mind of a bully... in my mind bullies are intolerant of contrary opinion, domineering and rather cowardly. I would hope that none of those terms could be fairly used in describing me.;Conrad Black;hope
In love, unlike most other passions, the recollection of what you have had and lost is always better than what you can hope for in the future.;Stendhal;hope
