Those who want to reap the benefits of this great nation must bear the fatigue of supporting it.;Thomas Paine;great
There is the good and the bad, the great and the low, the just and the unjust. I swear to you that all that will never change.;Albert Camus;great
One of the great strengths of the United States is... we have a very large Christian population - we do not consider ourselves a Christian nation or a Jewish nation or a Muslim nation. We consider ourselves a nation of citizens who are bound by ideals and a set of values.;Barack Obama;great
One of the greatest discoveries a man makes, one of his great surprises, is to find he can do what he was afraid he couldn't do.;Henry Ford;great
Where there is great love, there are always wishes.;Willa Cather;great
I don't feel we did wrong in taking this great country away from them. There were great numbers of people who needed new land, and the Indians were selfishly trying to keep it for themselves.;John Wayne;great
The system is that there is no system. That doesn't mean we don't have process. Apple is a very disciplined company, and we have great processes. But that's not what it's about. Process makes you more efficient.;Steve Jobs;great
Tell me, why is the media here so negative? Why are we in India so embarrassed to recognise our own strengths, our achievements? We are such a great nation. We have so many amazing success stories but we refuse to acknowledge them. Why?;Abdul Kalam;great
To vilify a great man is the readiest way in which a little man can himself attain greatness.;Edgar Allan Poe;great
If there is not the war, you don't get the great general if there is not a great occasion, you don't get a great statesman if Lincoln had lived in a time of peace, no one would have known his name.;Theodore Roosevelt;great
Creativity is a great motivator because it makes people interested in what they are doing. Creativity gives hope that there can be a worthwhile idea. Creativity gives the possibility of some sort of achievement to everyone. Creativity makes life more fun and more interesting.;Edward de Bono;great
There is a woman at the begining of all great things.;Alphonse de Lamartine;great
The reason we wouldn't make a seven-inch tablet isn't because we don't want to hit a price point, it's because we don't think you can make a great tablet with a seven-inch screen.;Steve Jobs;great
We think the Mac will sell zillions, but we didn't build the Mac for anybody else. We built it for ourselves. We were the group of people who were going to judge whether it was great or not. We weren't going to go out and do market research. We just wanted to build the best thing we could build.;Steve Jobs;great
Better a little which is well done, than a great deal imperfectly.;Plato;great
No great intellectual thing was ever done by great effort.;Theodore Roosevelt;great
Preachers in pulpits talked about what a great message is in the book. No matter what you do, somebody always imputes meaning into your books.;Dr. Seuss;great
The three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are: Hard work, Stick-to-itiveness, and Common sense.;Thomas A. Edison;great
If you are young and you drink a great deal it will spoil your health, slow your mind, make you fat - in other words, turn you into an adult.;P. J. O'Rourke;great
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.;Napoleon Hill;great
My message to you all is of hope, courage and confidence. Let us mobilize all our resources in a systematic and organized way and tackle the grave issues that confront us with grim determination and discipline worthy of a great nation.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;great
Life is not an easy matter... You cannot live through it without falling into frustration and cynicism unless you have before you a great idea which raises you above personal misery, above weakness, above all kinds of perfidy and baseness.;Leon Trotsky;great
Nothing in the affairs of men is worthy of great anxiety.;Plato;great
Germany has reduced savagery to a science, and this great war for the victorious peace of justice must go on until the German cancer is cut clean out of the world body.;Theodore Roosevelt;great
Poets utter great and wise things which they do not themselves understand.;Plato;great
The reason we have poverty is that we have no imagination. There are a great many people accumulating what they think is vast wealth, but it's only money... they don't know how to enjoy it, because they have no imagination.;Alan Watts;great
America's fighting men and women sacrifice much to ensure that our great nation stays free. We owe a debt of gratitude to the soldiers that have paid the ultimate price for this cause, as well as for those who are blessed enough to return from the battlefield unscathed.;Allen Boyd;great
No one in this world has ever lost money by underestimating the intelligence of the great masses of the plain people. Nor has anyone ever lost public office thereby.;H. L. Mencken;great
Pray that your loneliness may spur you into finding something to live for, great enough to die for.;Dag Hammarskjold;great
Ignorance of all things is an evil neither terrible nor excessive, nor yet the greatest of all but great cleverness and much learning, if they be accompanied by a bad training, are a much greater misfortune.;Plato;great
I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure.;Clarence Darrow;great
There are events which are so great that if a writer has participated in them his obligation is to write truly rather than assume the presumption of altering them with invention.;Ernest Hemingway;great
The greatest humiliation in life, is to work hard on something from which you expect great appreciation, and then fail to get it.;E. W. Howe;great
Only passions, great passions can elevate the soul to great things.;Denis Diderot;great
The Great Depression, like most other periods of severe unemployment, was produced by government mismanagement rather than by any inherent instability of the private economy.;Milton Friedman;great
Those who intend on becoming great should love neither themselves nor their own things, but only what is just, whether it happens to be done by themselves or others.;Plato;great
If you listen to your fears, you will die never knowing what a great person you might have been.;Robert H. Schuller;great
What's right about America is that although we have a mess of problems, we have great capacity - intellect and resources - to do some thing about them.;Henry Ford;great
Don't wait for extraordinary opportunities. Seize common occasions and make them great. Weak men wait for opportunities strong men make them.;Orison Swett Marden;great
Great dancers are not great because of their technique, they are great because of their passion.;Martha Graham;great
Of course, to have money is just great because you can do what you think is important to you. I always was a rich person because money's not related to happiness.;Paulo Coelho;great
There are two powers in the world one is the sword and the other is the pen. There is a great competition and rivalry between the two. There is a third power stronger than both, that of the women.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;great
I believe the first test of a truly great man is in his humility.;John Ruskin;great
Great hopes make great men.;Thomas Fuller;great
A battle lost or won is easily described, understood, and appreciated, but the moral growth of a great nation requires reflection, as well as observation, to appreciate it.;Frederick Douglass;great
Dreams must be heeded and accepted. For a great many of them come true.;Paracelsus;great
I exhort you also to take part in the great combat, which is the combat of life, and greater than every other earthly conflict.;Plato;great
The great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it.;William James;great
The great object is that every man be armed.;Patrick Henry;great
All the ills of mankind, all the tragic misfortunes that fill the history books, all the political blunders, all the failures of the great leaders have arisen merely from a lack of skill at dancing.;Moliere;great
My idea of heaven is a great big baked potato and someone to share it with.;Oprah Winfrey;great
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.;Thomas Fuller;great
Wealth is well known to be a great comforter.;Plato;great
My success was not based so much on any great intelligence but on great common sense.;Helen Gurley Brown;great
The megalomaniac differs from the narcissist by the fact that he wishes to be powerful rather than charming, and seeks to be feared rather than loved. To this type belong many lunatics and most of the great men of history.;Bertrand Russell;great
Great dreams of great dreamers are always transcended.;Abdul Kalam;great
Man as an individual is a genius. But men in the mass form the headless monster, a great, brutish idiot that goes where prodded.;Charlie Chaplin;great
One great use of words is to hide our thoughts.;Voltaire;great
It is another's fault if he be ungrateful, but it is mine if I do not give. To find one thankful man, I will oblige a great many that are not so.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;great
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers.;Orison Swett Marden;great
If the misery of the poor be caused not by the laws of nature, but by our institutions, great is our sin.;Charles Darwin;great
We can have democracy in this country, or we can have great wealth concentrated in the hands of a few, but we can't have both.;Louis D. Brandeis;great
I cannot swallow whole the view of Lincoln as the Great Emancipator.;Barack Obama;great
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.;Epictetus;great
People in tough times - it doesn't mean they don't have a great attitude.;Joel Osteen;great
Every great man, every successful man, no matter what the field of endeavor, has known the magic that lies in these words: every adversity has the seed of an equivalent or greater benefit.;W. Clement Stone;great
Unless you choose to do great things with it, it makes no difference how much you are rewarded, or how much power you have.;Oprah Winfrey;great
Whatever I have tried to do in life, I have tried with all my heart to do it well whatever I have devoted myself to, I have devoted myself completely in great aims and in small I have always thoroughly been in earnest.;Charles Dickens;great
The game of golf would lose a great deal if croquet mallets and billiard cues were allowed on the putting green.;Ernest Hemingway;great
The water in a vessel is sparkling the water in the sea is dark. The small truth has words which are clear the great truth has great silence.;Rabindranath Tagore;great
For my part, I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.;Robert Louis Stevenson;great
More enduringly than any other sport, wrestling teaches self-control and pride. Some have wrestled without great skill - none have wrestled without pride.;Dan Gable;great
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.;Peter Marshall;great
Character contributes to beauty. It fortifies a woman as her youth fades. A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude, and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful.;Jacqueline Bisset;great
The infinitely little have a pride infinitely great.;Voltaire;great
He was a great patriot, a humanitarian, a loyal friend provided, of course, he really is dead.;Voltaire;great
A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;great
I think all women go through periods where we hate this about ourselves, we don't like that. It's great to get to a place where you dismiss anything you're worried about. I find flaws attractive. I find scars attractive.;Angelina Jolie;great
The reproduction of mankind is a great marvel and mystery. Had God consulted me in the matter, I should have advised him to continue the generation of the species by fashioning them out of clay.;Martin Luther;great
If your determination is fixed, I do not counsel you to despair. Few things are impossible to diligence and skill. Great works are performed not by strength, but perseverance.;Samuel Johnson;great
A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful.;Jacqueline Bisset;great
Our Generation has had no Great war, no Great Depression. Our war is spiritual. Our depression is our lives.;Chuck Palahniuk;great
Abuse of words has been the great instrument of sophistry and chicanery, of party, faction, and division of society.;John Adams;great
Death will be a great relief. No more interviews.;Katharine Hepburn;great
It is a useless life that is not consecrated to a great ideal. It is like a stone wasted on the field without becoming a part of any edifice.;Jose Rizal;great
There are two great forces, God's force of good and the devil's force of evil, and I believe Satan is alive and he is working, and he is working harder than ever, and we have many mysteries that we don't understand.;Billy Graham;great
The little may contrast with the great, in painting, but cannot be said to be contrary to it. Oppositions of colors contrast but there are also colors contrary to each other, that is, which produce an ill effect because they shock the eye when brought very near it.;Voltaire;great
Power always thinks it has a great soul and vast views beyond the comprehension of the weak.;John Adams;great
Great thoughts and a pure heart, that is what we should ask from God.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;great
My idea of good company is the company of clever, well-informed people who have a great deal of conversation that is what I call good company.;Jane Austen;great
If a man can bridge the gap between life and death, if he can live on after he's dead, then maybe he was a great man.;James Dean;great
Both dreams and myths are important communications from ourselves to ourselves. If we do not understand the language in which they are written, we miss a great deal of what we know and tell ourselves in those hours when we are not busy manipulating the outside world.;Erich Fromm;great
The world runs on individuals pursuing their self interests. The great achievements of civilization have not come from government bureaus. Einstein didn't construct his theory under order from a, from a bureaucrat. Henry Ford didn't revolutionize the automobile industry that way.;Milton Friedman;great
One of the great attractions of patriotism - it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous.;Aldous Huxley;great
No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it.;Andrew Carnegie;great
We hang the petty thieves and appoint the great ones to public office.;Aesop;great
I see great things in baseball. It's our game - the American game.;Walt Whitman;great
Every great and deep difficulty bears in itself its own solution. It forces us to change our thinking in order to find it.;Niels Bohr;great
I never weary of great churches. It is my favorite kind of mountain scenery. Mankind was never so happily inspired as when it made a cathedral.;Robert Louis Stevenson;great
