Business, more than any other occupation, is a continual dealing with the future it is a continual calculation, an instinctive exercise in foresight.;Henry R. Luce;business
The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government.;Mitt Romney;business
And while the law of competition may be sometimes hard for the individual, it is best for the race, because it ensures the survival of the fittest in every department.;Andrew Carnegie;business
Our favorite holding period is forever.;Warren Buffett;business
There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony. There is time for work. And time for love. That leaves no other time!;Coco Chanel;business
Blessed is he who has found his work let him ask no other blessedness.;Thomas Carlyle;business
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work.;Robert Orben;business
Everyone has an invisible sign hanging from their neck saying, 'Make me feel important.' Never forget this message when working with people.;Mary Kay Ash;business
In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first the cash will come later.;Harold S. Geneen;business
An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage.;Jack Welch;business
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.;Colin Powell;business
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.;Peter Drucker;business
Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything.;W. Clement Stone;business
Anyone who has lost track of time when using a computer knows the propensity to dream, the urge to make dreams come true and the tendency to miss lunch.;Tim Berners-Lee;business
Our business is infested with idiots who try to impress by using pretentious jargon.;David Ogilvy;business
As a small businessperson, you have no greater leverage than the truth.;John Greenleaf Whittier;business
The work an unknown good man has done is like a vein of water flowing hidden underground, secretly making the ground green.;Thomas Carlyle;business
About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends.;Herbert Hoover;business
Economic depression cannot be cured by legislative action or executive pronouncement. Economic wounds must be healed by the action of the cells of the economic body - the producers and consumers themselves.;Herbert Hoover;business
Do more than is required. What is the distance between someone who achieves their goals consistently and those who spend their lives and careers merely following? The extra mile.;Gary Ryan Blair;business
Profit in business comes from repeat customers, customers that boast about your project or service, and that bring friends with them.;W. Edwards Deming;business
The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling.;Ambrose Bierce;business
It takes more than capital to swing business. You've got to have the A. I. D. degree to get by - Advertising, Initiative, and Dynamics.;Isaac Asimov;business
Employees make the best dates. You don't have to pick them up and they're always tax-deductible.;Andy Warhol;business
Time is the scarcest resource and unless it is managed nothing else can be managed.;Peter Drucker;business
Business is a combination of war and sport.;Andre Maurois;business
An advertising agency is 85 percent confusion and 15 percent commission.;Fred Allen;business
In modern business it is not the crook who is to be feared most, it is the honest man who doesn't know what he is doing.;William Wordsworth;business
Start with good people, lay out the rules, communicate with your employees, motivate them and reward them. If you do all those things effectively, you can't miss.;Lee Iacocca;business
When times are bad is when the real entrepreneurs emerge.;Robert Kiyosaki;business
The first responsibility of a leader is to define reality. The last is to say thank you. In between, the leader is a servant.;Max de Pree;business
If you owe the bank $100 that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem.;J. Paul Getty;business
Almost all quality improvement comes via simplification of design, manufacturing... layout, processes, and procedures.;Tom Peters;business
We succeed in enterprises which demand the positive qualities we possess, but we excel in those which can also make use of our defects.;Alexis de Tocqueville;business
If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business.;B. C. Forbes;business
Wise are those who learn that the bottom line doesn't always have to be their top priority.;William Arthur Ward;business
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation.;Charles Kettering;business
Willingness to change is a strength, even if it means plunging part of the company into total confusion for a while.;Jack Welch;business
I was told to avoid the business all together because of the rejection. People would say to me, 'Don't you want to have a normal job and a normal family?' I guess that would be good advice for some people, but I wanted to act.;Jennifer Aniston;business
Regard it as just as desirable to build a chicken house as to build a cathedral.;Frank Lloyd Wright;business
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.;Walter Scott;business
Ask five economists and you'll get five different answers - six if one went to Harvard.;Edgar R. Fiedler;business
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.;Arnold H. Glasow;business
Informed decision-making comes from a long tradition of guessing and then blaming others for inadequate results.;Scott Adams;business
A company is only as good as the people it keeps.;Mary Kay Ash;business
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.;Howard Aiken;business
Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.;Thomas J. Watson;business
I'm not a driven businessman, but a driven artist. I never think about money. Beautiful things make money.;Lord Acton;business
The meek shall inherit the Earth, but not its mineral rights.;J. Paul Getty;business
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference.;Tom Brokaw;business
Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything.;John Kenneth Galbraith;business
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such. All leaders whose fitness is questioned are clearly lacking in force.;Andre Maurois;business
Nothing so conclusively proves a man's ability to lead others as what he does from day to day to lead himself.;Thomas J. Watson;business
Carpe per diem - seize the check.;Robin Williams;business
I buy when other people are selling.;J. Paul Getty;business
A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his.;Bobby Darin;business
My son is now an 'entrepreneur.' That's what you're called when you don't have a job.;Ted Turner;business
The fastest way to succeed is to look as if you're playing by somebody else's rules, while quietly playing by your own.;Michael Korda;business
The genius of a good leader is to leave behind him a situation which common sense, without the grace of genius, can deal with successfully.;Walter Lippmann;business
Our work is the presentation of our capabilities.;Edward Gibbon;business
When in doubt, mumble when in trouble, delegate when in charge, ponder.;James H. Boren;business
There are two kinds of companies, those that work to try to charge more and those that work to charge less. We will be the second.;Jeff Bezos;business
Remind people that profit is the difference between revenue and expense. This makes you look smart.;Scott Adams;business
If you aren't playing well, the game isn't as much fun. When that happens I tell myself just to go out and play as I did when I was a kid.;Thomas J. Watson;business
I find it rather easy to portray a businessman. Being bland, rather cruel and incompetent comes naturally to me.;John Cleese;business
The best measure of a man's honesty isn't his income tax return. It's the zero adjust on his bathroom scale.;Arthur C. Clarke;business
More business is lost every year through neglect than through any other cause.;Rose Kennedy;business
The consumer isn't a moron she is your wife.;David Ogilvy;business
I've never felt like I was in the cookie business. I've always been in a feel good feeling business. My job is to sell joy. My job is to sell happiness. My job is to sell an experience.;Debbi Fields;business
The leader who exercises power with honor will work from the inside out, starting with himself.;Blaine Lee;business
I get to play golf for a living. What more can you ask for - getting paid for doing what you love.;Tiger Woods;business
Cannibals prefer those who have no spines.;Stanislaw Lem;business
The buck stops with the guy who signs the checks.;Rupert Murdoch;business
Definition of Statistics: The science of producing unreliable facts from reliable figures.;Evan Esar;business
I don't think meals have any business being deductible. I'm for separation of calories and corporations.;Ralph Nader;business
The final test of a leader is that he leaves behind him in other men the conviction and the will to carry on.;Walter Lippmann;business
Punctuality is one of the cardinal business virtues: always insist on it in your subordinates.;Don Marquis;business
Don't simply retire from something have something to retire to.;Harry Emerson Fosdick;business
When did it become a problem to be a small businessman and become successful? The small businessman - like my father, or like me?;Glenn Beck;business
Spend a lot of time talking to customers face to face. You'd be amazed how many companies don't listen to their customers.;Ross Perot;business
One's mind has a way of making itself up in the background, and it suddenly becomes clear what one means to do.;A. C. Benson;business
Family farms and small businesses are the backbone of our communities.;Tom Allen;business
Word of mouth is the best medium of all.;William Bernbach;business
What we actually learn, from any given set of circumstances, determines whether we become increasingly powerless or more powerful.;Blaine Lee;business
Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader.;Tacitus;business
Like dogs in a wheel, birds in a cage, or squirrels in a chain, ambitious men still climb and climb, with great labor, and incessant anxiety, but never reach the top.;Robert Browning;business
If the career you have chosen has some unexpected inconvenience, console yourself by reflecting that no career is without them.;Jane Fonda;business
So little done, so much to do.;Cecil Rhodes;business
The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit for doing them.;Benjamin Jowett;business
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.;Paul Tournier;business
Government in the U.S. today is a senior partner in every business in the country.;Norman Cousins;business
Real riches are the riches possessed inside.;B. C. Forbes;business
Business is in itself a power.;Garet Garrett;business
It's called a pen. It's like a printer, hooked straight to my brain.;Dale Dauten;business
You can't operate a company by fear, because the way to eliminate fear is to avoid criticism. And the way to avoid criticism is to do nothing.;Steve Ross;business
Web users ultimately want to get at data quickly and easily. They don't care as much about attractive sites and pretty design.;Tim Berners-Lee;business
I rate enthusiasm even above professional skill.;Edward Appleton;business
Every few seconds it changes - up an eighth, down an eighth - it's like playing a slot machine. I lose $20 million, I gain $20 million.;Ted Turner;business
To think that the new economy is over is like somebody in London in 1830 saying the entire industrial revolution is over because some textile manufacturers in Manchester went broke.;Alvin Toffler;business
