It is bad policy to regulate everything... where things may better regulate themselves and can be better promoted by private exertions but it is no less bad policy to let those things alone which can only be promoted by interfering social power.;Friedrich List;finance
I wasn't a financial pro, and I paid the price.;Ruth Handler;finance
I've always supported myself. I like the sense of knowing exactly where I stand financially, but there is a side of me that longs for a knight in shining armor.;Barbara Feldon;finance
The job of the Central Bank is to worry.;Alice Rivlin;finance
Under capitalism each individual engages in economic planning.;George Reisman;finance
As a novelist, I tell stories and people give me money. Then financial planners tell me stories and I give them money.;Martin Cruz Smith;finance
Rounding to the nearest cent is sufficiently accurate for practical purposes.;Alexander John Ellis;finance
In almost every profession - whether it's law or journalism, finance or medicine or academia or running a small business - people rely on confidential communications to do their jobs. We count on the space of trust that confidentiality provides. When someone breaches that trust, we are all worse off for it.;Hillary Clinton;finance
Every nation has to either be with us, or against us. Those who harbor terrorists, or who finance them, are going to pay a price.;Hillary Clinton;finance
If it isn't the sheriff, it's the finance company I've got more attachments on me than a vacuum cleaner.;John Barrymore;finance
I was a great student at a great school, Wharton School of Finance.;Donald Trump;finance
Finance, like time, devours its own children.;Honore de Balzac;finance
If you want to fight the evil you see in finance and industry, get to work reading the corporate filings, see if there has been fraud, and where you find it, report it to the SEC or write about it or blog about it.;Ben Stein;finance
I'm looking for backing for an unauthorized auto-biography that I am writing. Hopefully, this will sell in such huge numbers that I will be able to sue myself for an extraordinary amount of money and finance the film version in which I will play everybody.;David Bowie;finance
Where are the jobs going to come from?Small business, manufacturing and clean energy. Where's the money to finance them? The banks and the corporations in America today have lots of money that they can invest right now.;William J. Clinton;finance
Finance is a gun. Politics is knowing when to pull the trigger.;Mario Puzo;finance
Canadians know that the promise of a recession didn't happen because of anything we did here. If you look at all the causes of the recession, problems in mortgage markets, the problems in the banking sector, the problems in government finance in countries like Greece, none of those problems were in present Canada.;Stephen Harper;finance
At this point, I don't get hired a lot because people don't think I could finance a movie.;Martha Plimpton;finance
The monarchy is foremost a business, and it's important to them that the British public continue to finance the excessive luxurious lifestyles of the now quite enormous, wasteful and useless 'royal' family. I find it very sad.;Steven Patrick Morrissey;finance
There is a growing literature about the multitude of journalism's problems, but most of it is concerned with the editorial side of the business, possibly because most people competent to write about journalism are not comfortable writing about finance.;Russell Baker;finance
We all know that Americans love their statistics - in sport, obviously. And in finance too.;Evan Davis;finance
I have come close to producing films. But generally by the time they hit the screen, there's about 50 people with producer credits, so what's the point. I usually find scripts I like with no money attached and take them to producers that I know and try to raise finance.;Tim Roth;finance
I worked with a group of people who argued day and night - professors, officials, the Minister of Finance - but there were decisions that I had to make.;Shimon Peres;finance
My real adversary has no name, no face, no party. It will never be elected, yet it governs - the adversary is the world of finance.;Francois Hollande;finance
My adversary is the world of finance.;Francois Hollande;finance
I don't want euro bonds that serve to mutualize the entire debt of the countries in the euro zone. That can only work in the longer-term. I want euro bonds to be used to finance targeted investments in future-oriented growth projects. It isn't the same thing. Let's call them 'project bonds' instead of euro bonds.;Francois Hollande;finance
One of the things that's great about New York is that it is not a one-industry town. It has education, academia, the service industry, arts, publishing, theater, politics, fashion, finance, as well as movie-making.;Sarah Jessica Parker;finance
These heroes of finance are like beads on a string when one slips off, all the rest follow.;Henrik Ibsen;finance
In 1973, women got 59 cents on the dollar now we are getting 74 cents on the dollar. In the area of finance and business, we are at 68 cents on the dollar.;Billie Jean King;finance
Qaddafi is hated because he is the leader of a small country that is rich, but he uses his money to finance liberation struggles.;Louis Farrakhan;finance
Small- and medium-sized businesses need access to a diverse range of finance options, including non-bank lending. These new forms of finance are still small in scale today but they should, over time, bring additional choice and greater competition to the lending market.;Vince Cable;finance
What we now call 'finance' is, I hold, an intellectual perversion of what began as warm human love.;Robert Graves;finance
You want to put out a TV show? If you have the money to do it on your own, by yourself, and you have a TV network, you can do it by yourself. But the nature of the beast is, art needs finance. That's how this industry works. So until the Internet becomes our source of entertainment - and watch it, I believe it will - this is how things go.;Nathan Fillion;finance
I feel sorry sometimes for these sportsmen and women who put in just as much effort as the footballers. For example, athletes train at least as hard as footballers but have to be happy if they can earn enough to finance a decent education.;Angela Merkel;finance
The FHA's success provides strong evidence that government can and should play a role in the nation's mortgage finance system. It also demonstrates that although government intervention in the economy during the Great Recession was messy, things would have been a lot messier without it.;Mark Zandi;finance
The studios don't finance anymore, they get outside funds.;Robert Rodriguez;finance
If you go back to the time of J.P. Morgan, the world of high finance was completely wholesale. The prestigious investment banks on Wall Street appealed exclusively to large corporations, governments, and to extremely wealthy individuals.;Ron Chernow;finance
But now, more and more, its society is concerned with economy and finance.;Tadao Ando;finance
Let's not overlook, though, what we do know about the campaign finance scandal, and the fact the Chinese were involved in our presidential campaign and our congressional campaigns.;Fred Thompson;finance
I personally believe that there's going to be a good case for the government preserving some type of guarantee to make sure that people have the ability to borrow to finance a house even in a very damaging recession. I think there's going to be a good case for that.;Timothy Geithner;finance
I have a lot of trouble understanding all the detail of finance and administration - but if you combine intellectual and professional capacity with a social conscience, you can change things: countries, structures, economic models, colonial states.;Evo Morales;finance
I like eating out. I like buying beautiful paintings and being surrounded by beautiful things. I have to finance that life. I can barely afford a pension scheme because I don't make enough money.;Andrew Motion;finance
I believe in capitalism for everybody, not necessarily high finance but capitalism that works for the working men and women of this country who are out there paddling alone in America right now.;Rick Santorum;finance
'Survivor' wouldn't have happened had I not gone out there and helped CBS to sell sponsors to finance the first one. Part of my thinking on 'Survivor' was that it should have rewards that are corporate brands. A Big Mac, one thimble-full of Coca-Cola.;Mark Burnett;finance
As Michigan's voice on the Senate Finance Committee and Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, I will continue working to make sure the next generation of advanced technologies and alternative fuel vehicles are made right here in America.;Debbie Stabenow;finance
People just want to hear some common sense... and I bring to bear the experience in local government and state government and national government - I was the first woman in history on the Senate Finance Committee - not to mention the diplomatic international experience.;Carol Moseley Braun;finance
The reason that minorities and women don't have a better shot at getting elected to the Senate or to statewide office is because the campaign finance rules are so skewed as to make it very difficult for non-traditional candidates to raise the money necessary to get elected.;Carol Moseley Braun;finance
To finance this trade deficit, the U.S. has to borrow from the rest of the world or sell American assets like stocks, businesses, and real estate to the rest of the world.;Martin Feldstein;finance
But because we in the United States finance our current account deficit by borrowing in our own currency, we can move to a more competitive dollar without the adverse effects that followed currency declines in other countries.;Martin Feldstein;finance
And I think it's a prudent, responsible way, given the scale of the emergency, the scale of the damage still facing America, that we finance these additional support for the unemployed as well as the support for small business. We think there's a good case for doing it now. We want to do it in an overall fiscally responsible way.;Timothy Geithner;finance
Finance is critical. If sufficient investment is made in infrastructure and venture capital is made available, there will be a big improvement in the situation.;Sanjay Kumar;finance
Now both my films have been number one at the Australian box office and it took about two years just to get the finance for this film, so if it's hard for me then God help everyone else.;Yahoo Serious;finance
Three years after starting, by physically doing everything from raising the finance to special effects, we'd finally cobbled together our low budget film.;Yahoo Serious;finance
I know what I don't know. To this day, I don't know technology, and I don't know finance or accounting.;Bernard Ebbers;finance
The number one lobby that opposes campaign finance reform in the United States is the National Association of Broadcasters.;Robert McChesney;finance
But having said that, what's happening with campaign finance reform and our political culture is devastating.;Robert McChesney;finance
There were a lot of people dreaming about making films, and they would finance maybe 6 films a year. Because they were funded by the government, the films sort-of had to deal with serious social issues - and, as a result, nobody went to see those films.;Renny Harlin;finance
The hope is they would like to bring it to Broadway next year, so we'll see that's to come in the end of the finance year and everybody else and also real estate and what theaters are available at the time but I would like to come back with it.;Blair Underwood;finance
Sharia has become an increasingly significant force in American capitalism, thanks to the embrace by Wall Street and the U.S. government of so-called Sharia-Compliant Finance. Indeed, this country's taxpayers now own the largest purveyor of sharia-compliant insurance products in the world: AIG.;Frank Gaffney;finance
If the Indian people want stories written about themselves, how they want them told, they are going to have to make them, they're going to have to finance them. If you let Hollywood do it, Hollywood is going to get it wrong most of the time.;Ricky Schroder;finance
It is a sound principle of finance, and a still sounder principle of government, that those who have the duty of expending the revenue of a country should also be saddled with the responsibility of levying and providing it.;Wilfrid Laurier;finance
In Australia, they set up a special fund to kick films off. It was quite an enlightened sort of move. You could go to this government bureau with scripts and and get finance for films.;Bruce Beresford;finance
I've learned there's a big difference between a long-focused value investor and a good short-seller. That difference is psychological and I think it falls into the realm of behavioral finance.;James Chanos;finance
I got IRS records to finance what I wanted to do.;Penelope Spheeris;finance
Actually criminal sanctions that are given could be up to five years for violating the rules and regulations under the campaign finance reform. This is like the Alien and Sedition Act of years and years ago, decades ago.;Jay Alan Sekulow;finance
I only make movies to finance my fishing'.;Lee Marvin;finance
It is usually people in the money business, finance, and international trade that are really rich.;Robin Leach;finance
In the deregulated realm of US banking and finance, crime does occasionally pay for its foul deeds, not in prison time but by making modest rebates to the victims.;William Greider;finance
If US per capita income continues to grow at a rate of 1.5 percent a year, the country will have plenty of money to finance comfortable retirements and high-quality healthcare for all citizens, including those at the bottom of the wage ladder.;William Greider;finance
The art and culture that is New York, communications, finance, all these things help make up New York. The rest of the country should be happy that we are what we are.;David Dinkins;finance
Unfortunately, money in politics is an insidious thing - and a loophole in our campaign finance system was taken advantage of with money going to existing or new 527 groups with the sole purpose of influencing the election.;Olympia Snowe;finance
We were told this war would be over in a matter of weeks, and that the Iraqis would be able to finance it with oil sales. We were promised it was not a mission of nation building.;Sherrod Brown;finance
In constant pursuit of money to finance campaigns, the political system is simply unable to function. Its deliberative powers are paralyzed.;John Rawls;finance
We'll have a public power authority, which will also have the ability to build power or finance power. And more importantly, we'll have more power than our economy provides. All of that will give us leverage we don't have today.;Gray Davis;finance
There's enormous progressive activism and, more often than not, success at the grassroots level - everything from living wage campaigns to efforts to finance our elections are having terrific success.;Jim Hightower;finance
In the long term, Germany didn't need a finance minister who was absent during important negotiations in the European Council. But the chancellor strongly encouraged me to stay. And everything did work out for the best in the end.;Wolfgang Schauble;finance
What distinguishes the campaign finance issue from just about every other one being debated these days is that the two sides do not divide along conventional liberal/ conservative lines.;James L. Buckley;finance
We need real campaign finance reform to loosen the grip of special interests on politics.;Tom Daschle;finance
While neurological studies have tried to identify components responsible for fear and greed, the impact on finance is less clear.;Andrew Lo;finance
My expertise was in public finance, particularly corporate taxation, since I had worked at the US Treasury.;Merton Miller;finance
I had some of the students in my finance class actually do some empirical work on capital structures, to see if we could find any obvious patterns in the data, but we couldn't see any.;Merton Miller;finance
Arbitrage proof has since been widely used throughout finance and economics.;Merton Miller;finance
We came from a family where we ran our own small business. Our dad made his own products. We made our own sausages, our own meatloafs, our own pickles. Dad had to do everything himself. He had to figure out how to finance his business.;Marcy Kaptur;finance
I was writing an earnest novel about cruises in the Caribbean and I just started writing 'Bridget Jones' to get some money, to finance this earnest work, and then I chucked it out.;Helen Fielding;finance
In fact, corporate and union moneys go overwhelmingly to incumbents, so limiting that money, as Congress did in the campaign finance law, may be the single most self-denying thing that Congress has ever done.;Elena Kagan;finance
Everyone knows in the industry that when these great roles come up, every two years, there's a huge number of people up for them. I'm not one of those top five females that can personally finance any film.;Joely Richardson;finance
Europe is difficult to coordinate, and our main deficit may not even lie in this area of finance and economics, but in foreign and security policy. We have a leadership problem because we are still 27 different members who have still not decided on how to work with each other based on what we used to call a European constitution.;Peer Steinbruck;finance
I delivered lectures, and I was also a consultant for international companies in finance, both private equity and big venture capital funds.;Ehud Barak;finance
I turn up in Los Angeles every now and then, so I can get some big money films in order to finance my smaller money films.;John Hurt;finance
It's very difficult to break into motion pictures, but it's oddly easier for directors today because of independent films and cable, who have inherited for the most part those films of substance that the studios are reluctant to finance.;Mark Rydell;finance
As you know, Social Security functions under the premise that today's workers will help finance benefits for retirees and that these workers will then be supported by the next generation of workers paying into the same system.;Steve Israel;finance
I now work for a finance company in Luxembourg with projects in South America and the Caribbean.;Mathias Rust;finance
I certainly want campaign finance reform. I just wish this would do it in a way that would stand up to a constitutional challenge.;Ben Nelson;finance
The more anxious, isolated and time-deprived we are, the more likely we are to turn to paid personal services. To finance these extra services, we work longer hours. This leaves less time to spend with family, friends and neighbors we become less likely to call on them for help, and they on us.;Arlie Russell Hochschild;finance
Large companies cannot finance political parties as their shareholders and employees have different political views.;Mikhail Khodorkovsky;finance
Masood Ahmed brings to the position of director of external relations extensive experience gained in a range of senior positions in international finance and development.;Rodrigo Rato;finance
Look, Congress has allocated more money to finance the upcoming Iraqi elections than it has for the American elections. There's something wrong with that.;Donna Brazile;finance
Well, first let me say that I think health care reform is important. It has to be a priority. And our system is broken. The Finance Committee bill is the best effort yet, due in large measure to the efforts of my colleague, Olympia Snowe, but it's not there yet. It falls short.;Susan Collins;finance
I don't plan on going back to legal work. I wanted an international career, and finance seemed to be where some interesting career opportunities were.;Nick Johnson;finance
