Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom.;Hannah Arendt;freedom
Underlying most arguments against the free market is a lack of belief in freedom itself.;Milton Friedman;freedom
Freedom itself was attacked this morning by a faceless coward, and freedom will be defended.;George W. Bush;freedom
History has taught us over and over again that freedom is not free. When push comes to shove, the ultimate protectors of freedom and liberty are the brave men and women in our armed forces. Throughout our history, they've answered the call in bravery and sacrifice.;Tim Pawlenty;freedom
The end of law is not to abolish or restrain, but to preserve and enlarge freedom. For in all the states of created beings capable of law, where there is no law, there is no freedom.;John Locke;freedom
Everywhere that freedom stirs, let tyrants fear.;George W. Bush;freedom
History suggests that capitalism is a necessary condition for political freedom. Clearly it is not a sufficient condition.;Milton Friedman;freedom
A filmmaker has almost the same freedom as a novelist has when he buys himself some paper.;Stanley Kubrick;freedom
In this possibly terminal phase of human existence, democracy and freedom are more than just ideals to be valued - they may be essential to survival.;Noam Chomsky;freedom
The greatest threat to freedom is the absence of criticism.;Wole Soyinka;freedom
When there is state there can be no freedom, but when there is freedom there will be no state.;Vladimir Lenin;freedom
We seek peace, knowing that peace is the climate of freedom.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;freedom
Governments that block the aspirations of their people, that steal or are corrupt, that oppress and torture or that deny freedom of expression and human rights should bear in mind that they will find it increasingly hard to escape the judgement of their own people, or where warranted, the reach of international law.;William Hague;freedom
We cannot defend freedom abroad by deserting it at home.;Edward R. Murrow;freedom
Americans admire a people who can scratch a desert and produce a garden. The Israelis have shown qualities that Americans identify with: guts, patriotism, idealism, a passion for freedom. I have seen it. I know. I believe that.;Richard M. Nixon;freedom
Any nation that thinks more of its ease and comfort than its freedom will soon lose its freedom and the ironical thing about it is that it will lose its ease and comfort too.;W. Somerset Maugham;freedom
I begin to feel like most Americans don't understand the First Amendment, don't understand the idea of freedom of speech, and don't understand that it's the responsibility of the citizen to speak out.;Roger Ebert;freedom
The secret to happiness is freedom... And the secret to freedom is courage.;Thucydides;freedom
Liberals, it has been said, are generous with other peoples' money, except when it comes to questions of national survival when they prefer to be generous with other people's freedom and security.;William F. Buckley, Jr.;freedom
The intense happiness of our union is derived in a high degree from the perfect freedom with which we each follow and declare our own impressions.;George Eliot;freedom
Human beings the world over need freedom and security that they may be able to realize their full potential.;Aung San Suu Kyi;freedom
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your dreams.;Madonna Ciccone;freedom
I come bearing an olive branch in one hand, and the freedom fighter's gun in the other. Do not let the olive branch fall from my hand.;Yasser Arafat;freedom
Who is more to be pitied, a writer bound and gagged by policemen or one living in perfect freedom who has nothing more to say?;Kurt Vonnegut;freedom
Personal identity seems like it's just such an American archetype, from Holly Golightly re-inventing herself in 'Breakfast At Tiffany's' to Jay Gatsby in 'The Great Gatsby.' It seems like the sort of archetypal American issue. If you're given the freedom to be anything, or be anyone, what do you do with it?;Chuck Palahniuk;freedom
Satisfaction consists in freedom from pain, which is the positive element of life.;Arthur Schopenhauer;freedom
A just laicism allows religious freedom. The state does not impose religion but rather gives space to religions with a responsibility toward civil society, and therefore it allows these religions to be factors in building up society.;Joseph Ratzinger;freedom
As soon as laws are necessary for men, they are no longer fit for freedom.;Pythagoras;freedom
Power in defense of freedom is greater than power in behalf of tyranny and oppression.;Malcolm X;freedom
One of the interesting things here is that the people who should be shaping the future are politicians. But the political framework itself is so dead and closed that people look to other sources, like artists, because art and music allow people a certain freedom.;Thom Yorke;freedom
No protracted war can fail to endanger the freedom of a democratic country.;Alexis de Tocqueville;freedom
I keep telling myself to calm down, to take less of an interest in things and not to get so excited, but I still care a lot about liberty, freedom of speech and expression, and fairness in journalism.;Kate Adie;freedom
The success I have achieved in bodybuilding, motion pictures, and business would not have been possible without the generosity of the American people and the freedom here to pursue your dreams.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;freedom
We are willing enough to praise freedom when she is safely tucked away in the past and cannot be a nuisance. In the present, amidst dangers whose outcome we cannot foresee, we get nervous about her, and admit censorship.;E. M. Forster;freedom
We have convinced over one billion members of the Islamic faith that we are prejudiced against their religion, that we would deny them freedom of religion, that we want suppress their culture and invade their governments.;Theodore C. Sorensen;freedom
137 years later, Memorial Day remains one of America's most cherished patriotic observances. The spirit of this day has not changed - it remains a day to honor those who died defending our freedom and democracy.;Doc Hastings;freedom
Freedom does not come without a price. We may sometimes take for granted the many liberties we enjoy in America, but they have all been earned through the ultimate sacrifice paid by so many of the members of our armed forces.;Charlie Dent;freedom
To become self-aware, people must be allowed to hear a plurality of opinions and then make up their own minds. They must be allowed to say, write and publish whatever they want. Freedom of expression is the most basic, but fundamental, right. Without it, human beings are reduced to automatons.;Ma Jian;freedom
Freedom is a right ultimately defended by the sacrifice of America's servicemen and women.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;freedom
There are days when solitude is a heady wine that intoxicates you with freedom, others when it is a bitter tonic, and still others when it is a poison that makes you beat your head against the wall.;Sidonie Gabrielle Colette;freedom
I had crossed the line. I was free but there was no one to welcome me to the land of freedom. I was a stranger in a strange land.;Harriet Tubman;freedom
No amount of political freedom will satisfy the hungry masses.;Vladimir Lenin;freedom
A Buddha is someone who finds freedom in good fortune and bad.;Bodhidharma;freedom
Before anything else, we need a new age of Enlightenment. Our present political systems must relinquish their claims on truth, justice and freedom and have to replace them with the search for truth, justice, freedom and reason.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;freedom
The course of this conflict is not known, yet its outcome is certain. Freedom and fear, justice and cruelty, have always been at war, and we know that God is not neutral between them.;George W. Bush;freedom
My desire to curtail undue freedom of speech extends only to such public areas as restaurants, airports, streets, hotel lobbies, parks, and department stores. Verbal exchanges between consenting adults in private are as of little interest to me as they probably are to them.;Fran Lebowitz;freedom
The hope and change the Democrats had in mind was nothing more than a retread of the failed and discredited socialist policies that have been the enemy of freedom for centuries all over the world. I fear America is teetering towards tyranny.;Jim DeMint;freedom
I am a lover of truth, a worshipper of freedom, a celebrant at the altar of language and purity and tolerance.;Stephen Fry;freedom
A state that suppresses all freedom of speech, and which by imposing the most terrible punishments, treats each and every attempt at criticism, however morally justified, and every suggestion for improvement as plotting to high treason, is a state that breaks an unwritten law.;Kurt Huber;freedom
Unnecessary possessions are unnecessary burdens. If you have them, you have to take care of them! There is great freedom in simplicity of living. It is those who have enough but not too much who are the happiest.;Peace Pilgrim;freedom
So long as you do not achieve social liberty, whatever freedom is provided by the law is of no avail to you.;B. R. Ambedkar;freedom
You measure a democracy by the freedom it gives its dissidents, not the freedom it gives its assimilated conformists.;Abbie Hoffman;freedom
Freedom and order are not incompatible... truth is strength... free discussion is the very life of truth.;Thomas Huxley;freedom
In my youth I stressed freedom, and in my old age I stress order. I have made the great discovery that liberty is a product of order.;Will Durant;freedom
America's greatness has been the greatness of a free people who shared certain moral commitments. Freedom without moral commitment is aimless and promptly self-destructive.;John W. Gardner;freedom
America is a model of force and freedom and moderation - with all the coarseness and rudeness of its people.;Lord Byron;freedom
The wisest use of American strength is to advance freedom.;George W. Bush;freedom
Freedom would be not to choose between black and white but to abjure such prescribed choices.;Theodor Adorno;freedom
Punk has always been about doing things your own way. What it represents for me is ultimate freedom and a sense of individuality.;Billie Joe Armstrong;freedom
I love music. It's freedom, a way to deal with pent-up frustration.;Ice Cube;freedom
For us democracy is a question of human dignity. And human dignity is political freedom.;Olof Palme;freedom
Only people who have been allowed to practise freedom can have the grown-up look in their eyes.;E. M. Forster;freedom
The United Nations is designed to make possible lasting freedom and independence for all its members.;Harry S. Truman;freedom
No slavery can be abolished without a double emancipation, and the master will benefit by freedom more than the freed-man.;Thomas Huxley;freedom
The only freedom I care about is the freedom to do right the freedom to do wrong I am ready to part with on the cheapest terms to anyone who will take it of me.;Thomas Huxley;freedom
Justice is never given it is exacted and the struggle must be continuous for freedom is never a final fact, but a continuing evolving process to higher and higher levels of human, social, economic, political and religious relationship.;A. Philip Randolph;freedom
While the State exists there can be no freedom when there is freedom there will be no State.;Vladimir Lenin;freedom
Even before I knew I was gay, I knew I didn't want to have a child. I knew I didn't want to have one. I never want to have to release it from me. Listen, I love babies. I love children. And I melt when I'm around them. I also love my freedom and I love that I can sleep at night.;Ellen DeGeneres;freedom
Fiction is such a world of freedom, it's wonderful. If you want someone to fly, they can fly.;Alice Walker;freedom
If one more 'journalist' makes a cavalier statement about me and my band, I will personally or with my fans' help, greet them at their home and discover just how much they believe in their freedom of speech.;Marilyn Manson;freedom
We will not be intimidated or pushed off the world stage by people who do not like what we stand for, and that is, freedom, democracy and the fight against disease, poverty and terrorism.;Madeleine Albright;freedom
Just living is not enough... one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.;Hans Christian Anderson;freedom
The freedom to fail is vital if you're going to succeed. Most successful people fail from time to time, and it is a measure of their strength that failure merely propels them into some new attempt at success.;Michael Korda;freedom
I believe that God has planted in every heart the desire to live in freedom.;George W. Bush;freedom
American and Israel share a special bond. Our relationship is unique among all nations. Like America, Israel is a strong democracy, a symbol of freedom, and an oasis of liberty, a home to the oppressed and persecuted.;William J. Clinton;freedom
All people hope Islam helps everything in life. Islam will make jobs. Islam will make freedom. Islam will make everything.;Ahmed Ali;freedom
There are two good things in life - freedom of thought and freedom of action.;W. Somerset Maugham;freedom
As we look forward to freedom, the shining city on the hill and the best days of America lying ahead, it is the men and women in uniform who protect, defend and make us proud to whom we should look and give thanks every night.;Robin Hayes;freedom
To be able to love and live in freedom means to be able to make godly decisions. To make godly decisions we have to surrender our egos and all the falsity and shame that goes with it.;James McGreevey;freedom
The momentum of freedom in our world is unmistakable - and it is not carried forward by our power alone. We can trust in that greater power Who guides the unfolding of the years. And in all that is to come, we can know that His purposes are just and true.;George W. Bush;freedom
Freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and freedom of religion all have a double aspect - freedom of thought and freedom of action.;Frank Murphy;freedom
Anywhere, anytime ordinary people are given the chance to choose, the choice is the same: freedom, not tyranny democracy, not dictatorship the rule of law, not the rule of the secret police.;Tony Blair;freedom
Much literary criticism comes from people for whom extreme specialization is a cover for either grave cerebral inadequacy or terminal laziness, the latter being a much cherished aspect of academic freedom.;John Kenneth Galbraith;freedom
You can't put democracy and freedom back into a box.;George W. Bush;freedom
How does the Meadow flower its bloom unfold? Because the lovely little flower is free down to its root, and in that freedom bold.;William Wordsworth;freedom
Freedom of speech is always under attack by Fascist mentality, which exists in all parts of the world, unfortunately.;Lawrence Ferlinghetti;freedom
Racism is a refuge for the ignorant. It seeks to divide and to destroy. It is the enemy of freedom, and deserves to be met head-on and stamped out.;Pierre Berton;freedom
Struggle is a never ending process. Freedom is never really won, you earn it and win it in every generation.;Coretta Scott King;freedom
Education is a human right with immense power to transform. On its foundation rest the cornerstones of freedom, democracy and sustainable human development.;Kofi Annan;freedom
True freedom is where an individual's thoughts and actions are in alignment with that which is true, correct, and of honor - no matter the personal price.;Bryant H. McGill;freedom
To enjoy freedom we have to control ourselves.;Virginia Woolf;freedom
Men who want to support women in our struggle for freedom and justice should understand that it is not terrifically important to us that they learn to cry it is important to us that they stop the crimes of violence against us.;Andrea Dworkin;freedom
Novelists have always had complete freedom to pretty much tell their story any way they saw fit. And that's what I'm trying to do.;Quentin Tarantino;freedom
Our society is illuminated by the spiritual insights of the Hebrew prophets. America and Israel have a common love of human freedom, and they have a common faith in a democratic way of life.;Lyndon B. Johnson;freedom
A political prisoner is someone who is out fighting for his or her people's rights and freedom and is imprisoned for that alone.;Leonard Peltier;freedom
Today's Constitution is a realistic document of freedom only because of several corrective amendments. Those amendments speak to a sense of decency and fairness that I and other Blacks cherish.;Thurgood Marshall;freedom
True independence and freedom can only exist in doing what's right.;Brigham Young;freedom
I am conservative with a small 'c.' It's possible to be conservative in fiscal policy, and tolerant on moral issues or questions of freedom of expression.;Mick Jagger;freedom
Freedom granted only when it is known beforehand that its effects will be beneficial is not freedom.;Friedrich August von Hayek;freedom
