Sympathy is two hearts tugging at one load.;Charles Henry Parkhurst;sympathy
Grief is only the memory of widowed affections.;James Martineau;sympathy
Pity may represent little more than the impersonal concern which prompts the mailing of a check, but true sympathy is the personal concern which demands the giving of one's soul.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;sympathy
There is something terribly morbid in the modern sympathy with pain. One should sympathise with the colour, the beauty, the joy of life. The less said about life's sores the better.;Oscar Wilde;sympathy
It appears to be a law that you cannot have a deep sympathy with both man and nature.;Henry David Thoreau;sympathy
No one has yet realized the wealth of sympathy, the kindness and generosity hidden in the soul of a child. The effort of every true education should be to unlock that treasure.;Emma Goldman;sympathy
The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;sympathy
Two nations between whom there is no intercourse and no sympathy who are as ignorant of each other's habits, thoughts, and feelings, as if they were dwellers in different zones, or inhabitants of different planets. The rich and the poor.;Benjamin Disraeli;sympathy
The community stagnates without the impulse of the individual. The impulse dies away without the sympathy of the community.;William James;sympathy
Sympathy constitutes friendship but in love there is a sort of antipathy, or opposing passion. Each strives to be the other, and both together make up one whole.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;sympathy
Staying married may have long-term benefits. You can elicit much more sympathy from friends over a bad marriage than you ever can from a good divorce.;P. J. O'Rourke;sympathy
And whoever walks a furlong without sympathy walks to his own funeral drest in his shroud.;Walt Whitman;sympathy
Marriage must be a relation either of sympathy or of conquest.;George Eliot;sympathy
Both tears and sweat are salty, but they render a different result. Tears will get you sympathy sweat will get you change.;Jesse Jackson;sympathy
I'm not looking for sympathy at all.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;sympathy
If men and women are to understand each other, to enter into each other's nature with mutual sympathy, and to become capable of genuine comradeship, the foundation must be laid in youth.;Havelock Ellis;sympathy
Autumn wins you best by this its mute appeal to sympathy for its decay.;Robert Browning;sympathy
All sympathy not consistent with acknowledged virtue is but disguised selfishness.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;sympathy
You are 27 or 28 right? It is very tough to live at that age. When nothing is sure. I have sympathy with you.;Haruki Murakami;sympathy
To all those who have suffered as a consequence of our troubled past I extend my sincere thoughts and deep sympathy. With the benefit of historical hindsight we can all see things which we would wish had been done differently or not at all.;Queen Elizabeth II;sympathy
We do not learn by inference and deduction and the application of mathematics to philosophy, but by direct intercourse and sympathy.;Richard M. Nixon;sympathy
We must not permit our respect for the dead or our sympathy for the living to lead us into an act of injustice to the balance of the living.;Davy Crockett;sympathy
Children require guidance and sympathy far more than instruction.;Anne Sullivan;sympathy
I've always thought of acting as more of an exercise in empathy, which is not to be confused with sympathy. You're trying to get inside a certain emotional reality or motivational reality and try to figure out what that's about so you can represent it.;Edward Norton;sympathy
It's no good being nice and young and naive. There's no good in that at all. You've got to do it all yourself, and you've gotta learn quick. And you can't look for sympathy either.;Johnny Rotten;sympathy
Interest does not tie nations together it sometimes separates them. But sympathy and understanding does unite them.;Woodrow Wilson;sympathy
A person who has sympathy for mankind in the lump, faith in its future progress, and desire to serve the great cause of this progress, should be called not a humanist, but a humanitarian, and his creed may be designated as humanitarianism.;Irving Babbitt;sympathy
There should be a sympathy with freedom, a desire to give it scope, founded not upon visionary ideas, but upon the long experience of many generations within the shores of this happy isle, that in freedom you lay the firmest foundations both of loyalty and order.;William E. Gladstone;sympathy
Sympathy is the first condition of criticism.;Henri Frederic Amiel;sympathy
I like the Rolling Stones for karaoke. 'Sympathy For The Devil' is a great one.;Hugh Jackman;sympathy
The humanitarian lays stress almost solely upon breadth of knowledge and sympathy.;Irving Babbitt;sympathy
When we are out of sympathy with the young, then I think our work in this world is over.;George MacDonald;sympathy
You will find that the woman who is really kind to dogs is always one who has failed to inspire sympathy in men.;Max Beerbohm;sympathy
Sympathy is charming, but it does not make up for pain.;Lillie Langtry;sympathy
I would rather be kept alive in the efficient if cold altruism of a large hospital than expire in a gush of warm sympathy in a small one.;Aneurin Bevan;sympathy
The true humanist maintains a just balance between sympathy and selection.;Irving Babbitt;sympathy
Our sympathy is cold to the relation of distant misery.;Edward Gibbon;sympathy
I belong to a nation which over the past centuries has experienced many hardships and reverses. The world reacted with silence or with mere sympathy when Polish frontiers were crossed by invading armies and the sovereign state had to succumb to brutal force.;Lech Walesa;sympathy
I've always liked Saturn. But I also have some sympathy for Pluto because I heard it's been downgraded from a planet, and I think it should remain a planet. Once you've given something planetary status it's kind of mean to take it away.;Jared Leto;sympathy
Learning a foreign language, and the culture that goes with it, is one of the most useful things we can do to broaden the empathy and imaginative sympathy and cultural outlook of children.;Michael Gove;sympathy
Many of the artists who have represented Negro life have seen only the comic, ludicrous side of it, and have lacked sympathy with and appreciation for the warm big heart that dwells within such a rough exterior.;Henry Ossawa Tanner;sympathy
I take people very seriously. People are all I take seriously, in fact. Therefore, I have nothing but sympathy for how people behave - and nothing but laughter to console them with.;John Irving;sympathy
I tend to foster drama via bleakness. If I want the reader to feel sympathy for a character, I cleave the character in half, on his birthday. And then it starts raining. And he's made of sugar.;George Saunders;sympathy
I have nothing but sympathy for the people who are forced to work with me. I'm better now at picking out those that want to play that game with me, and those that don't.;Alton Brown;sympathy
I very much dislike the intolerance and moralism of many Christians, and feel more sympathy with Honest Doubters than with them.;A. N. Wilson;sympathy
Deliberately seek opportunities for kindness, sympathy, and patience.;Evelyn Underhill;sympathy
Children, even infants, are capable of sympathy. But only after adolescence are we capable of compassion.;Louise J. Kaplan;sympathy
I learnt pity, sympathy, and what it was like to be at the other end of the stick. Such lessons can't be learnt in lecture halls.;Lionel Blue;sympathy
September 11th was a moment when America had the sympathy of the world.;Tom Ford;sympathy
Like many people, most Libertarians feel empathy and sympathy for less fortunate people. But they know you can't have perfection in a world of limited resources.;Harry Browne;sympathy
Here's my rule: You always want to pay cash for your own books, because if they look at the name on the credit card and then they look at the name on the book jacket, then there's this look of such profound sympathy for you that you had to resort to this. It really is withering.;Carl Hiaasen;sympathy
I'm in total sympathy with Dick Smith's sentiments I only wish there were grounds for saying we Australians would never tolerate such appalling treatment of refugees being carried out in our name.;Hugh Mackay;sympathy
I have to have a character worth caring about. I tend not to start writing books about people I don't have a lot of sympathy for because I'm just going to be with them too long.;Richard Russo;sympathy
Women have no sympathy and my experience of women is almost as large as Europe.;Florence Nightingale;sympathy
I have sympathy for young people, for their growing pains, but I balk when these growing pains are pushed into the foreground, when you make these young people the only vehicles of life's wisdom.;Wislawa Szymborska;sympathy
I sometimes get that wonderful sympathy between me and the audience, telling me I've reached their hearts. And when I do, the thrill is mine.;Kate Smith;sympathy
It is in Rousseau's writing above all that history begins to turn from upper-class honour to middle-class humanitarianism. Pity, sympathy and compassion lie at the centre of his moral vision. Values associated with the feminine begin to infiltrate social existence as a whole, rather than being confined to the domestic sphere.;Terry Eagleton;sympathy
I have a lot of sympathy for young people because I realize how disturbed I was. How would I deal with life in the future? What would I do for a living?;Clyde Tombaugh;sympathy
I joined the Party definitely in 1923 after having already been in sympathy with it before.;Fritz Sauckel;sympathy
I never ask for mercy and seek no one's sympathy.;Conrad Black;sympathy
I have a theory because I was being beaten up a lot by people outside of school, it was almost like if I could make myself sick enough they'd take sympathy on me.;Daniel Johns;sympathy
We are living at a time when creeds and ideologies vary and clash. But the gospel of human sympathy is universal and eternal.;Samuel Hopkins Adams;sympathy
When you've been raised in care, rap music isn't just about guns and sexism. They're talking about real things you can hang on to, problems of identity that you have sympathy with. It's not just about the music, with rap: when I was in care, it meant a whole lot more than that.;Samantha Morton;sympathy
If the terrorists have the sympathy of people, it's much harder to find them. So we need people on our side, and that leads us to be responsible leaders of the world, show some concern with the problems.;George Soros;sympathy
Sympathy is something that shouldn't be bestowed upon the Yankees. Apparently it angers them.;Bob Feller;sympathy
It is only after one is in trouble that one realizes how little sympathy and kindness there are in the world.;Nellie Bly;sympathy
He bit his lip in a manner which immediately awakened my maternal sympathy, and I helped him bite it.;S. J. Perelman;sympathy
I can hardly express in words my deep feeling and sympathy for them, knowing as I do, the many serious handicaps and obstacles that will confront them in almost every walk of life.;Major Taylor;sympathy
Recognition of belligerency as an expression of sympathy is all very well.;Henry Cabot Lodge;sympathy
Sympathy for victims is always counter-balanced by an equal and opposite feeling of resentment towards them.;Ben Elton;sympathy
It is by a wise economy of nature that those who suffer without change, and whom no one can help, become uninteresting. Yet so it may happen that those who need sympathy the most often attract it the least.;F. H. Bradley;sympathy
Motherhood is at its best when the tender chords of sympathy have been touched.;Paul Harris;sympathy
Actors who are lovers in real life are often incapable if playing the part of lovers to an audience. It is equally true that sympathy between actors who are not lovers may create a temporary emotion that is perfectly sincere.;Ivor Novello;sympathy
Badges mean nothing in themselves, but they mark a certain achievement and they are a link between the rich and the poor. For when one girl sees a badge on a sister Scout's arm, if that girl has won the same badge, it at once awakens an interest and sympathy between them.;Juliette Gordon Low;sympathy
Because I select my players from a feeling that comes to me when I am with them, a certain sympathy you might call it, or a vibration that exists between us that convinces me they are right.;Erich von Stroheim;sympathy
The novelist must look on humanity without partiality or prejudice. His sympathy, like that of the historian, must be unbounded, and untainted by sect or party.;Goldwin Smith;sympathy
Criticism in the universities, I'll have to admit, has entered a phase where I am totally out of sympathy with 95% of what goes on. It's Stalinism without Stalin.;Harold Bloom;sympathy
According to your sympathy, you will take pleasure in your own happiness or in the happiness of other people but it is always your own happiness you seek.;John Buchanan Robinson;sympathy
I am the son of a small and far-away nation and the other laureates have all come from different countries from all over the world and we all were equally received here with signs of sympathy.;Albert Szent-Gyorgyi;sympathy
Whether rich people make money or lose money, they get no sympathy from the public.;Gary Ackerman;sympathy
There's no greater way to gain an audience's sympathy than by being unfortunate.;Seth Green;sympathy
I feel sympathy for the working class lad. I've always championed about ticket prices and try to equate that to people's salaries.;Alex Ferguson;sympathy
But what you could perhaps do with in these days is a word of most sincere sympathy. Your movement is carried internally by so strong a truth and necessity that victory in one form or another cannot elude you for long.;Hjalmar Schacht;sympathy
I don't care about sympathy. I care about playing a character who's understandable and clear.;Anson Mount;sympathy
I'm not going to give a courtesy gift to a person who's going to win, and I'm not going to give a sympathy gift to a person who's going to lose.;Tim Kaine;sympathy
My mother listened to all the news from the camp during the strike. She said little, especially when my father or the men who worked for him were about I remember her instinctive and unhesitating sympathy for the miners.;Agnes Smedley;sympathy
I didn't go to university. Didn't even finish A-levels. But I have sympathy for those who did.;Terry Prachett;sympathy
Since this war began our sympathy has gone out to all the suffering people who have been dragged into it. Further hundreds of millions have become involved since I spoke at Limerick fortnight ago.;Eamon de Valera;sympathy
I don't really distinguish between sympathy and honesty when I'm writing. The two go together - I'm interested in inhabiting my characters, seeing the world through their eyes.;Tom Perrotta;sympathy
We were united not only by political respect for each other, but also by deep mutual sympathy as people.;Helmut Kohl;sympathy
A creative element is surely present in all great systems, and it does not seem possible that all sympathy or fundamental attitudes of will can be entirely eliminated from any human philosophy.;Morris Raphael Cohen;sympathy
Any relations in a social order will endure, if there is infused into them some of that spirit of human sympathy which qualifies life for immortality.;George William Russell;sympathy
They weren't impatient for the boys to turn into cartoons again. They awarded sympathy, gave compassion. Because deep down they had found parts of themselves in the characters. You said it George.;Audrey Meadows;sympathy
Although I'm Australian, I find myself much more in sympathy with the Austrian version!;David Chalmers;sympathy
When men are arrested without any legal basis and for political reasons, it's merely a routine, everyday occurrence in Russia, and hardly anyone has any sympathy.;Alexei Navalny;sympathy
I believe that we must reach our brother, never toning down our fundamental oppositions, but meeting him when he asks to be met, with a reason for the faith that is in us, as well as with a loving sympathy for them as brothers.;Dorothy Day;sympathy
Men are often biased in their judgment on account of their sympathy and their interests.;George William Norris;sympathy
In externals we advance with lightening express speed, in modes of thought and sympathy we lumber on in stage-coach fashion.;Frances E. Willard;sympathy
We all have to announce our full solidarity with the struggle of those seeking freedom and justice in Syria, and translate this sympathy into a clear political vision that supports a peaceful transition to a democratic system of rule that reflects the demands of the Syrian people for freedom.;Mohammed Morsi;sympathy
