My dad was an engineer and so I had this picture of science and technology and pursuits of the mind as being more impressive than artistic pursuits, which I saw a as kind of frivolous.;Scott McCloud;technology
I believe economic growth should translate into the happiness and progress of all. Along with it, there should be development of art and culture, literature and education, science and technology. We have to see how to harness the many resources of India for achieving common good and for inclusive growth.;Pratibha Patil;technology
We can do better in higher education. And it is more than just technology. It's also an attitude on the part of faculty. We need to think through how we can produce a better quality product at less cost.;Roy Romer;technology
I was using tape loops for dancers and dance production. I had very funky primitive equipment, in fact technology wasn't very good no matter how much money you had.;Terry Riley;technology
I am a technological activist. I have a political agenda. I am in favor of basic human rights: to free speech, to use any information and technology, to purchase and use recreational drugs, to enjoy and purchase so-called 'vices', to be free of intruders, and to privacy.;Bram Cohen;technology
Despite my emphasis on technology, I do not view laws as inherently evil. My goals are political ones, even if my techniques are not. The only way to fundamentally succeed is by changing existing laws. If I rejected all help from the political arena I would inevitably fail.;Bram Cohen;technology
That work led to the emergence of the recombinant DNA technology thereby providing a major tool for analyzing mammalian gene structure and function and formed the basis for me receiving the 1980 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.;Paul Berg;technology
Community colleges need to be upgraded. We got to have training for real jobs. We've got a lot of jobs that are going unfilled because we don't have the technology in the heads of graduating college students to deal with them.;Emanuel Cleaver;technology
But, when we started our product portfolio, we focused the mixed signal requirements first for image processing devices and then in audio applications , targeting our technology into the growing use of digital technology in consumer markets.;David Milne;technology
I know nothing about technology.;Jack Ma;technology
I'm not a tech guy. I'm looking at the technology with the eyes of my customers, normal people's eyes.;Jack Ma;technology
Some people are really drawn to technology and I liken them to artists.;Mitchell Baker;technology
Ten years ago U.S. defence investment represented almost half of all defence expenditure in the whole alliance. Today it is 75%. This increasing economic gap may also lead to an increasing technology gap which will almost hamper the inter-operability between our forces.;Anders Fogh Rasmussen;technology
Digital imaging has untied our hands with regards to technical limitations. We no longer have to be arbiters of technology we get to participate in the interpretation of technology into creative content.;John Dykstra;technology
For me, modern technology has ruined romance and movies - nobody can run to the airplane gate anymore.;Lorene Scafaria;technology
We can just assume they have much more and powerful, more advanced technology, all the new computers, everything could be much more easier and help them to build much more and many more nuclear weapons.;Mordechai Vanunu;technology
However, I had a chance encounter with an admissions officer of Stevens Institute of Technology, who so impressed me by his erudition and enthusiasm for the school that I changed course and entered Stevens Institute.;Frederick Reines;technology
I received my undergraduate degree in engineering in 1939 and a Master of Science degree in mathematical physics in 1941 at Steven Institute of Technology.;Frederick Reines;technology
To a considerable extent we are faced by a technology arms race with terrorists. The communications revolution has made it easier for terrorist groups to reach out to vulnerable individuals with their violent extremist ideology and propaganda. It has also facilitated fundraising, recruitment and training.;Pauline Neville-Jones;technology
I can't get my head around the fact that the technology of the first two movies, which are forty years prior to Star Wars, is so much better than any technology they had in Star Wars!;David Prowse;technology
I think technology has changed America, not any one organization. Technology is taking the power away from the few. There'll be a lot more choices, and good people who are doing serious stuff will survive and there'll be a lot more voices, and that is very healthy.;Brian Lamb;technology
When dealing in the technology, it becomes a question of whether you overuse something. I think that's worse than having something technologically available to you and not using it.;Al Michaels;technology
Technology is permeating every single thing we do... And to the extent that we can better expose our young people to all the different ways that technology can be used, not just for video games or toys, we're planning for the future.;Marc Morial;technology
Developments in information technology and globalised media mean that the most powerful military in the history of the world can lose a war, not on the battlefield of dust and blood, but on the battlefield of world opinion.;Timothy Garton Ash;technology
In 1978, I entered Tohoku University, into the Department of Electrical Engineering, Faculty of Technology.;Koichi Tanaka;technology
The Faculty of Technology of Tohoku University is renowned for its tradition of practical studies.;Koichi Tanaka;technology
All this technology for connection and what we really only know more about is how anonymous we are in the grand scheme of things.;Heather Donahue;technology
If we had been less reliant on technology and the security that we enjoy in being divorced from what we used to know, maybe things would have turned out differently.;Heather Donahue;technology
I think 99 percent of women's lib comes from technology making different kinds of lives possible, and then the social adjustment follows the technology - it doesn't precede it.;Lois McMaster Bujold;technology
Technology has saved us money in some circumstances, but it has really afforded us the ability to cover stories from locations we might not have been able to in the past.;Jim Walton;technology
During the war, in which several of our embedded correspondents were able to report from moving vehicles crossing the Iraqi desert, the use of technology made news gathering safer.;Jim Walton;technology
The point is, technology has empowered so many musicians, you know?;Stanley Clarke;technology
Libraries function as crucial technology hubs, not merely for free Web access, but those who need computer training and assistance. Library business centers help support entrepreneurship and retraining.;Scott Turow;technology
Who knows what technology will emerge in the next five years, let alone 20. Yet the education we provide our children now is supposed to last for decades. We cannot train them for jobs that do not even exist yet, but we can provide them with the minds and tools they'll need to adapt to our ever-changing set of circumstances.;Jim Hunt;technology
Technology isn't the enemy, it is our ally, but only if we adopt a new model that puts people before profit. I realize that we seem far from that model, but I have seen it in action and it is a beautiful thing. So I'm not willing to give up yet. Hope is the last thing to die.;Justin Sane;technology
I've been thinking about the distorted view of science that prevails in our culture. I've been wondering about this, because our civilization is completely dependent on science and high technology, yet most of us are alienated from science.;Ann Druyan;technology
I think that technology has both introduced new sounds but also allowed an increasingly painterly approach to recording music as you can now paint over what you've done and more and more refine an existing performance.;Jerry Harrison;technology
When I was in Japan on tour in 2010, I felt like I was 30 years into the future. I love technology and they are so advanced with their phones, computers, everything. I think they had the iPhone way before we did in the U.S. I love gadgets, games, social media and I try to stay ahead on all that stuff, but they get it all first.;Soulja Boy;technology
Nuclear arms and atomic power represent a technology in which coexistence with man is extremely difficult.;Naoto Kan;technology
The embrace of a new technology by ordinary people leads inevitably to its embrace by people of malign intent.;Charles C. Mann;technology
In spite of advances in technology and changes in the economy, state government still operates on an obsolete 1970s model. We have a typewriter government in an Internet age.;Matt Blunt;technology
Taxpayers deserve a government that harnesses technology to better serve the people.;Matt Blunt;technology
Obviously, CGI in the last ten years has gone through such leaps and bounds that today, people are looking for these kinds of movies to wow audiences with technology.;Avi Arad;technology
The combination of hatred and technology is the greatest danger threatening mankind.;Simon Wiesenthal;technology
I want to improve TSA's counterterrorism focus through intelligence and cutting edge technology, support the TSA workforce, and strengthen the agency's relationships with stakeholders and the traveling public. All of these priorities are interconnected and are vital to TSA's mission - and I would say, all of our collective mission.;John Pistole;technology
The reason we are doing these types of pat downs and using the advanced imagery technology is trying to take the latest intelligence and how we know al Qaeda and affiliates want to hurt us, they want to bring down whether it is passenger air craft or cargo aircraft.;John Pistole;technology
The bottom line is how do we best provide for the security of the traveling public in light of a determined enemy who is adept at constructing well-designed, well-concealed devices which would not show up in a walk-through metal detector? We're trying to employ the best technology to identify any possible threat.;John Pistole;technology
I've always been fascinated with the juxtaposition of technology in music, not only in recording, but in the keyboard. It's amazing the way you can apply technology to an art form.;Geoff Downes;technology
The thing that's changed the most has just been the rapid technology.;Jeffrey Katzenberg;technology
Laboratories can reduce risk by implementing a proven and internationally accepted quality assurance technology that is applicable across the globe.;Richard Curtis;technology
Silicon Valley has some of the smartest engineers and technology business people in the world.;Elon Musk;technology
CRATEL is a center with a two-fold mission - to explore technology as an expressive element and to use technology to bridge gaps between diverse groups of people.;John Harrison;technology
For behaviorist films, that's been much more useful - the change of technology - but for my kind of films, doing them on film is much better, because it's more beautiful.;Michael Apted;technology
Society will decide after the technology is created what we will and won't accept.;Jesse Eisenberg;technology
And so when I moved to IBM, I moved because I thought I could apply technology. I didn't actually have to do my engineer - I was an electrical engineer, but I could apply it. And that was when I changed. And when I got there, though, I have to say, at the time, I really never felt there was a constraint about being a woman. I really did not.;Ginni Rometty;technology
IBM's long-standing mantra is 'Think.' What has always made IBM a fascinating and compelling place for me, is the passion of the company, and its people, to apply technology and scientific thinking to major societal issues.;Ginni Rometty;technology
We're in this transition period of figuring out how to deal with all the new technology that is out there, but television still proves to be the granddaddy of them all.;Jeff Zucker;technology
My grandfather on my mother's side was a professor of mechanical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology my other grandfather was a lawyer, and one time Speaker of the Tennessee House of Representatives.;Kenneth G. Wilson;technology
My graduate studies were carried out at the California Institute of Technology.;Kenneth G. Wilson;technology
In consequence, science is more important than ever for industrial technology.;Kenneth G. Wilson;technology
I hated science in high school. Technology? Engineering? Math? Why would I ever need this? Little did I realize that music was also about science, technology, engineering and mathematics, all rolled into one.;Mickey Hart;technology
People are looking to have more meaning in their lives. It is a sign the technology community is coming of age.;John Doerr;technology
At its core, 90 percent of my job is still sitting down in a room full of people, and breaking stories... and that requires virtually no technology.;Steven Levitan;technology
Thompson and Ritchie were among the first to realize that hardware and compiler technology had become good enough that an entire operating system could be written in C, and by 1978 the whole environment had been successfully ported to several machines of different types.;Eric S. Raymond;technology
A vital step for the technology sector is to signpost legitimate search options far more clearly and to delete links to sites that promote illegally sourced content.;David Puttnam;technology
Realize that a Muslim will know that his wife was seen naked in this machine. You know what would be the reaction?... Terrible. I believe there's technology out there that can identify bomb-type materials without necessarily, overly invading our privacy.;Isaac Yeffet;technology
Stop relying only on technology.Technology can help the qualified, well-trained human being but cannot replace him.;Isaac Yeffet;technology
Computer games tend to be boys' games, warlike games with more violence. We have not spent enough time thinking through how to encourage more girls to be involved in computing before coming to college so they can see a possible career in information technology.;Freeman A. Hrabowski III;technology
I honestly believe that the next big leap in immersive technology will be very much like Brainstorm.;Douglas Trumbull;technology
The technology of the time dictated the way things looked.;Douglas Trumbull;technology
There's a consistency in my work that pops up independent of the limitations of the technology.;Douglas Trumbull;technology
I knew from the beginning that privacy was going to be a huge issue, especially with regard to applying Total Information Awareness in counterterrorism. Because if the technology development was successful, a logical place to apply it was inside the United States.;John Poindexter;technology
I really believe that we don't have to make a trade-off between security and privacy. I think technology gives us the ability to have both.;John Poindexter;technology
More than 20 years on, sustained competition, informed customers and the rapid growth of new technology provide the necessary environment for substantial deregulation.;Stephen Carter;technology
My wife handles all of our technology. So if something goes wrong with the computer, I throw up my arms and step aside while the IT gal figures it out.;Ty Burrell;technology
As an avid photographer, I also took advantage of the latest technology in photography - digital photography - to post photos on my website on a daily basis.;Tipper Gore;technology
The history of the music industry is inevitably also the story of the development of technology. From the player piano to the vinyl disc, from reel-to-reel tape to the cassette, from the CD to the digital download, these formats and devices changed not only the way music was consumed, but the very way artists created it.;Edgar Bronfman, Jr.;technology
I remember feeling that technology was like trying to draw with your foot. In a ski boot. It was the most indirect way to work imaginable, but the potential had us all excited. I started in stop motion.;Chris Wedge;technology
This technology will obviously become more prevalent. Who knows what will result? One thing is certain, computer technology will revolutionize the way we tell stories as much as movie film has.;Chris Wedge;technology
Well, in our industry it's that the movies cost so much money to make they have to appeal to a broad audience. And I think that's part of what will loosen up in the future, as technology makes it cheaper, you'll be able to make films for a more selective audience. I think people will be able to make more personal movies.;Chris Wedge;technology
Our approach to making games is to find the fun first and then use the technology to enhance the fun.;Sid Meier;technology
The way you want to respond is to ask a question: Is this technology directly relevant to our hedgehog concept? If the answer is YES, then we want to become pioneers, not in the technology, but in the application of that technology specifically linked to our hedgehog concept.;James Collins;technology
This really is a merger of equals. I wouldn't have come back to work for anything less than this fantastic opportunity. This lets me combine my two great loves - technology and biscuits.;Lou Gerstner;technology
We have the new greatest generation. We don't need as large a military due to the technology we have, the equipment we have outfitting our personnel. They really are storm troopers.;Joe Wilson;technology
The great paradox of the 21st century is that, in this age of powerful technology, the biggest problems we face internationally are problems of the human soul.;Ralph Peters;technology
I am interested in computers and technology, and art, photography, and design.;William Landay;technology
The technology is good and it's bad. You know what you're dealing with out there musically, but my head stops at this electronic stuff. I don't quite know what I'm dealing with out there yet.;Paul Anka;technology
It is only by the rational use of technology to control and guide what technology is doing that we can keep any hopes of a social life more desirable than our own: or in fact of a social life which is not appalling to imagine.;Carrie P. Snow;technology
I have the instruments, ideas, technology, computer techniques. We try to create or see something, which has not been known before - just to discover something together. This is always my dream.;Lennart Nilsson;technology
Triumphant science and technology are only at the threshold of man's command over sources of energy so stupendous that, if used for military purposes, they can wipe out our entire civilization.;Cordell Hull;technology
With technology now, you can go in and sing a song, and for $100,000, you will sound flawless.;Vince Neil;technology
New technology is useful, but it's inefficient and ugly it knows it'll be obsolete by lunchtime tomorrow, so it has no incentive to be anything else.;Tom Holt;technology
I think there are four or five interesting pockets where a lot of cool technology companies are getting started. Chicago is one of them. New York is certainly another. Silicon Valley really dominates. And you're seeing some stuff out of Boston and Seattle and down South.;Eric Lefkofsky;technology
I'm going to be in technology for a long time.;Eric Lefkofsky;technology
Every time new technology is introduced, especially involving reproduction, you get the 'yuck' effect.;Brigitte Boisselier;technology
Technology has not only changed the way people are able to view movies, it has changed the way our industry produces and advertises movies.;Dan Glickman;technology
The movie industry is committed to working with the technology sector to find innovative new ways to deliver entertainment to consumers.;Dan Glickman;technology
I have taught history on the high school and college levels, and am or have been a lecturer at the Smithsonian, The National Institutes of Health, and numerous colleges and universities, mostly on science fiction and technology subjects.;Jack L. Chalker;technology
The technology that threatens to kill off books as we know them - the 'physical book,' a new phrase in our language - is also making the physical book capable of being more beautiful than books have been since the middle ages.;Art Spiegelman;technology
