The film is about Joe discovering who his mother and father are and his relationship with them, and the identity crisis he goes through once he finds out who his parents are.;Christopher Eccleston;relationship
At this moment I do not have a personal relationship with a computer.;Janet Reno;relationship
If you are strong enough as a couple, reality shows can be a good thing for the relationship.;Giuliana Rancic;relationship
I think the first and principle objective is to repeal Obamacare before it does lasting, fundamental damage to our health care system, to our individual liberty, to the relationship each of us has with his or her doctor.;Ted Cruz;relationship
The Bible is the only credible guide either as to the real relationship between man and the earth and the great Creator of both or concerning the purpose of the creation of both.;Joseph Franklin Rutherford;relationship
Nobody ever seems to want my advice about serious stuff. People will be like: 'Who made that sweater?' Or 'How did you get your hair so straight?' They don't to come to me for the relationship advice or deep stuff. In fact, my little sister actually hides from me.;Lauren Graham;relationship
While I very much wanted to be in a relationship, I didn't want to be in the wrong one.;Lauren Graham;relationship
Right now, we have the most complex relationship with technology that we've ever had. Your regular person has more technology in their life now than the whole world had 100 years ago.;Daniel H. Wilson;relationship
We humans have a love-hate relationship with our technology. We love each new advance and we hate how fast our world is changing... The robots really embody that love-hate relationship we have with technology.;Daniel H. Wilson;relationship
I wouldn't know what to do on a date. I don't have the time. To make a relationship work, I'd have to give something up, and I'm not so sure I'm willing to do that.;Tim Gunn;relationship
There are people out there who want me to fail, who want Jude to fail, who want our relationship to fail.;Sadie Frost;relationship
I feel that my relationship with Kasparov now is much the same as it had been before the match - good. As for his reaction, well it can't be nice to lose your title after so long, but he was very generous.;Vladimir Kramnik;relationship
I have a very close relationship with my parents.;Caroline Wozniacki;relationship
At the time I perceived most religious men, particularly the pastors with all their talk about love, faith and relationship, as effeminate.;Luke Ford;relationship
I've always been interested in the relationship between total external surround, culture, the political matrix, technology, etc., and the internal human consciousness.;Norman Spinrad;relationship
To put as little pressure on the relationship you're in is very important.;Kate Bosworth;relationship
No agent wants to see a book until he or she has decided whether to pursue the relationship.;Sara Paretsky;relationship
A man's respect for law and order exists in precise relationship to the size of his paycheck.;Adam Clayton;relationship
The special relationship between the region and a regional celebrity means that people feel that they have a special investment in you.;Tony Wilson;relationship
I had a career and I came to motherhood late and am not married and have never had such a trusting relationship with a man - and trust is where the real power of love comes from.;Diane Keaton;relationship
Teenage readers also have a different relationship with the authors whose work they value than adult readers do. I loved Toni Morrison, but I don't have any desire to follow her on Twitter. I just want to read her books.;John Green;relationship
As Prime Minister Netanyahu and Defense Minister Barak have repeatedly said, the intelligence and security relationship between the United States and Israel at present is unprecedented. It has never been stronger.;Susan Rice;relationship
I couldn't have been happier with the relationship we had with Disney, it couldn't have been easier.;Joel Coen;relationship
The thing that I think is the most important is taking moments to express your appreciation to your partner. A thank you or a quick kiss can go a long way toward affirming your relationship and commitment to each other. That's not hard to do even when you're juggling insane careers and three kids.;Michael Ian Black;relationship
I honestly believe you can never tell if a relationship is going to last. In my own marriage, which is going on 14 years, I don't think of it as 'I'm going to be with this person forever.' Instead, I think of more like, 'I'll probably be with this person for the next six weeks. Then I'll re-evaluate.';Michael Ian Black;relationship
I've never had a relationship with a record executive. I always went to the record company by someone that liked my playing. Then they would get fired, and I'd be left with the record company. And then - because they got fired - the record company wouldn't do anything for me.;Ornette Coleman;relationship
Most of my relationships have been like that - with record companies. I've never had a legitimate business relationship with a company. I've always had a personal relationship with someone in the company.;Ornette Coleman;relationship
One of the things I really love about TV is this symbiotic relationship you can get between the writers and the actors, and the characters start to come to life because you start to collaborate.;Carla Gugino;relationship
My relationship with Wilhelm and Jacob Grimm reaches far back into my childhood. I grew up with Grimm's fairy tales. I even saw a theater production of 'Tom Thumb' during Advent at the State Theater in Danzig, which my mother took me to see.;Gunter Grass;relationship
Well, I have a sister that I'm very close with, and that relationship is probably the most intense relationship of my life to date, probably of my life, period.;Zoe Kazan;relationship
The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society - more briefly, to find your real job, and do it.;Charlotte Perkins Gilman;relationship
On the Native American front, we have turned a new page in the 400-year history of the interface between the American settlers of this country and the nation's first Americans. That's included a new relationship where the sovereignty of tribes is in fact recognized.;Ken Salazar;relationship
I would never put my close friends or a real relationship on a show.;Kristin Cavallari;relationship
Clearly, the Chinese know that we want a good relationship with them.;Fred Thompson;relationship
So China will be having to make some choices as to whose side it wants to be on. Hopefully, this will be the beginning of a major improvement in our relationship with them, if they choose correctly.;Fred Thompson;relationship
First, President Reagan was not enthusiastic. But I built up a relationship with him in other areas and then persuaded him that this was important to us and to me, and that we had to at least be in the process of looking at this seriously.;Brian Mulroney;relationship
So, I'm happy to do that because it's a wonderful working relationship but I will be going out for pilot season for half hour work and that's the gamble I'm taking.;Charisma Carpenter;relationship
France has a very important relationship with Germany. But that does not mean that we agree about everything or that two of our universities or companies are not going to compete.;Jean-Pierre Raffarin;relationship
What's very important is that we build a space that matters in the world, one that operates according to democratic rules, and that small and large countries enjoy a good relationship.;Jean-Pierre Raffarin;relationship
As far as my relationship with President Putin is concerned, it's fine.;Gerhard Schroder;relationship
Even if you know that what you'll say will hurt a woman's feelings, I've learned that it's better to be truthful with her than it is to cover up. Ultimate honesty is what a relationship is really about.;Stephen Moyer;relationship
Every relationship between persons causes a picture of each to take form in the mind of the other, and this picture evidently is in reciprocal relationship with that personal relationship.;Georg Simmel;relationship
I think to make any relationship work it just takes a tremendous amount of effort and accepting of one another.;Rebecca Romijn;relationship
Many citizens see all the leadership of these large institutions together in a conspiracy against them rather than in any adversary relationship with each other.;Robert Teeter;relationship
There are a few writers that one has a relationship with that means, basically, you do whatever they say. One is Caryl Churchill, and the other is David Hare.;Stephen Daldry;relationship
I love changing. I hate it when people try to box me in to a relationship or in a work context. Any situation where I feel boxed in freaks me out. And I feel the need to reinvent myself or I'll get bored.;Stephen Daldry;relationship
Certain people in the United States are driving nails into this structure of our relationship, then cutting off the heads. So the Soviets must use their teeth to pull them out.;Mikhail Gorbachev;relationship
There was a whole language that I could never make function for myself in relationship to painting and that was attitudes like tortured, struggle, pain.;Robert Rauschenberg;relationship
I was associated with a woman who I was involved with and had a relationship with. She asked for money. I felt as though I was being blackmailed or there was some sort of extortion.;David Boreanaz;relationship
All human language draws its nature and value from the fact that it both comes from the Word of God and is chosen by God to manifest himself. But this relationship is secret and incomprehensible, beyond the bounds of reason and analysis.;Jacques Ellul;relationship
Yes, I don't believe that the inter-Korean relationship has, quote, 'deteriorated' since I assumed office. Rather I believe that the relationship between the two Koreas is entering into a new phase - a time of transition. And so I think that the North Koreans are trying to see what they can build with this, with my new administration.;Lee Myung-bak;relationship
Though I still have no semblance of a life outside of Nine Inch Nails at the moment, I realize my goals have gone from getting a record deal or selling another record to being a better person, more well-rounded, having friends, having a relationship with somebody.;Trent Reznor;relationship
You can only really open yourself up so far to someone that you don't truly love - you keep something back when you know somewhere in your gut that this relationship is going to be forever.;Piper Perabo;relationship
People here in Los Angeles are disgusted now about a sex scandal involving Arnold Schwarzenegger. Apparently for seven years, he carried on a sexual relationship with his own wife.;Craig Kilborn;relationship
People who supported Obama felt like they formed a relationship, that they were being spoken to. The way that campaign worked and the way he's worked during his first term is to make people feel like he's grasping their hand, whether it's by tweeting or email, moments after an event, sometimes during an event. It makes people relate to him.;James Spader;relationship
As I grew up, I was continually to suffer hardships in different realms of life - in my family, in my relationship to Japanese society and in my way of living at large in the latter half of the twentieth century.;Kenzaburo Oe;relationship
I've been speaking at churches for years, as well as juvenile jails, rehabs and hospitals, and I always talk about my faith. That is a declaration of my relationship with God.;Smokey Robinson;relationship
I've always had a special relationship with the U.K. fans, because even when I wasn't working they were very supportive.;David Cassidy;relationship
Our relationship to reality and to our experience is all based upon the ideas in our mind that we're always trying to live up to.;Andrew Cohen;relationship
It's nice to play a character that has a soulful, dependent, close relationship. It must mean my character is interesting in some way.;Jeff Goldblum;relationship
I've brought my daughters all over the world-they travel with me. I drag them out of school just to keep the relationship. When I'm home I'm a big-time daddy.;Armand Assante;relationship
We must then build a proper relationship between the richest and the poorest countries based on our desire that they are able to fend for themselves with the investment that is necessary in their agriculture, so that Africa is not a net importer of food, but an exporter of food.;Gordon Brown;relationship
I'm interested in having a relationship with the world that's not my own.;Andrea Riseborough;relationship
I have this home in New York, I have a long-term relationship with my boyfriend, who's from Australia, and I had this business that I had maintain. Even though I wasn't actively shooting, there's a lot of peripheral work.;Claire Danes;relationship
I was able to do The Saint of Fort Washington, on the relationship between two homeless men.;Danny Glover;relationship
Well I don't know because I don't have a real relationship with the industry.;Danny Glover;relationship
I find Jesus my confidant and companion, brother and savior our relationship is intimate, vulnerable, demanding yet comfortable and reassuring.;Malcolm Boyd;relationship
Most religions live from a narrative that shapes their relationship with the divine other, God or the gods, and with the human other, the stranger.;Timothy Radcliffe;relationship
Oh, the relationship with actors and managers and agents and things is a terrible problem sometimes.;John Schlesinger;relationship
The antagonisms between men and women express themselves in the most delicate phase of their life together - in their sexual relationship.;C. L. R. James;relationship
It takes two to make a relationship, but only one to screw it up.;Nigel Lythgoe;relationship
Any son of a dictator, I'm sure, has major issues with their relationship with their father.;Dominic Cooper;relationship
My father and I have a very good relationship. We always got along. But I always scold him.;Amy Sedaris;relationship
That's what I do and I enjoy even the hateful moments of a relationship where two people or four people come together to make a bigger mess than originally intended.;Josh Silver;relationship
A relationship has to be cultivated. There have to be feelings of love for another first. But then you have to really like the person.;Eric Braeden;relationship
I didn't have a boyfriend until I was 16, and he was eight years older. My father was furious about this 24-year-old, and I had to hide the relationship.;Ellen Pompeo;relationship
I think people are by-and-large happy with the providers that they have got now. They treasure that doctor-patient relationship.;Bob McDonnell;relationship
I have a very deep and wide relationship with my fans.;Wynonna Judd;relationship
The mother-daughter relationship is the most complex.;Wynonna Judd;relationship
Everyone has an opinion of who you are and what your relationship is about, things that you've done or didn't do in your relationship - and it's just all crap, really. Things that are written about it are all crap.;Jessica Alba;relationship
There's a trick to the Graceful Exit. It begins with the vision to recognize when a job, a life stage, a relationship is over - and to let go. It means leaving what's over without denying its value.;Ellen Goodman;relationship
It is so much easier to be nice, to be respectful, to put yourself in your customers' shoes and try to understand how you might help them before they ask for help, than it is to try to mend a broken customer relationship.;Mark Cuban;relationship
Many Japanese painters and calligraphers would change their names intentionally to keep their relationship to the art always fresh. This way, others' expectations can be avoided.;Tina Weymouth;relationship
I've just finished my next collection, Possible Side Effects, and I'm now working on a collection of holiday stories as well as a memoir about my relationship with my father.;Augusten Burroughs;relationship
I continue to believe that the American people have a love-hate relationship with inflation. They hate inflation but love everything that causes it.;William E. Simon;relationship
In general, the problem in a relationship is when the couple stagnate.;Simon Baker;relationship
I have an amazing relationship with my wife, but sometimes there are arguments. It happens.;Kris Allen;relationship
I'm not a terrible person, I know that, but sometimes in a relationship, I can be crappy.;Kris Allen;relationship
I believe there is a relationship between having an interest in the arts and the behaviour of society as a whole. Some politicians find it difficult that the arts is a weapon of happiness... Politics is often about deprivation rather than the opening up of ideas and nourishing creative endeavour.;Richard Eyre;relationship
Even though money seems such an objective topic, it can also be the most intimate, and possibly harmful, part of a relationship.;Christie Hefner;relationship
The biggest mistake is believing there is one right way to listen, to talk, to have a conversation - or a relationship.;Deborah Tannen;relationship
Even though I'm not with their mother, it's important for my kids to see adults in a committed and happy relationship. They need to see a strong relationship. You don't have to settle.;Michael Strahan;relationship
During this period at the Department of Education, my working relationship with Judge Thomas was positive.;Anita Hill;relationship
Playing a character who's dealing not only with a superpower but having a normal relationship is easy to associate with, because I feel that everyone has been through it.;Shawn Ashmore;relationship
I came from a family where joining a union was the expected thing to do. I've always believed that the relationship between an employer and an individual worker is fundamentally unequal.;Frances O'Grady;relationship
I wouldn't date an actress. There's only room for one actor in my life and I'm it. Too difficult. On the one hand, they understand the job. But on the other hand, it's very competitive within the relationship. Two actors, say one becomes a mega-star and the other doesn't.;Jonathan Rhys Meyers;relationship
I had a great time making the last movie, 'Eclipse.' We shot my back-story stuff from the 1930's. But I was waiting for 'Breaking Dawn' because I love the relationship Rosalie has with Jacob and the rest of her family and Bella. She also provides comic relief.;Nikki Reed;relationship
I think taking design out of the studio and really having a relationship with the people that you're making it for really convinced me of how powerful a thing design is. It's not just an aesthetic decoration.;Genevieve Gorder;relationship
Obviously, in dealing with a relationship, sexuality has to be involved, and jealousy and emotions like that. And I don't know, I've always been intrigued by those emotions.;Adrian Lyne;relationship
