Listen to your inner-voice: Surround yourself with loving, nurturing people. Fall in love with your art and find yourself. Music is the great communicator.;Glenn Hughes;love
Everything that I love is behind those gates. We have elephants, and giraffes, and crocodiles, and every kind of tigers and lions. And - and we have bus loads of kids, who don't get to see those things. They come up sick children, and enjoy it.;Michael Jackson;love
Love him and let him love you. Do you think anything else under heaven really matters?;James A. Baldwin;love
A lot of women don't know how to love because there's deep reasons for them not knowing how to love. And what I mean by deep reasons is deep and dark reasons.;Lil Wayne;love
Romantic love is an illusion. Most of us discover this truth at the end of a love affair or else when the sweet emotions of love lead us into marriage and then turn down their flames.;Thomas Moore;love
Only the really plain people know about love - the very fascinating ones try so hard to create an impression that they soon exhaust their talents.;Katharine Hepburn;love
The more one does and sees and feels, the more one is able to do, and the more genuine may be one's appreciation of fundamental things like home, and love, and understanding companionship.;Amelia Earhart;love
What I am is how I came out. No one's perfect and you just have to accept your flaws and learn to love yourself.;Kelly Brook;love
A man always remembers his first love with special tenderness, but after that he begins to bunch them.;H. L. Mencken;love
Marriage is not a noun it's a verb. It isn't something you get. It's something you do. It's the way you love your partner every day.;Barbara de Angelis;love
I love cats because I enjoy my home and little by little, they become its visible soul.;Jean Cocteau;love
There is a courtesy of the heart it is allied to love. From its springs the purest courtesy in the outward behavior.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;love
If one is desperate for love, I suggest looking at one's friends and family and see if love is all around. If not, get a new set of friends, a new family.;Jasmine Guy;love
All married couples should learn the art of battle as they should learn the art of making love. Good battle is objective and honest - never vicious or cruel. Good battle is healthy and constructive, and brings to a marriage the principles of equal partnership.;Ann Landers;love
Basketball is my passion, I love it. But my family and friends mean everything to me. That's what's important. I need my phone so I can keep in contact with them at all times.;LeBron James;love
The first symptom of love in a young man is timidity in a girl boldness.;Victor Hugo;love
If Jesus was here, do you think Jesus would show me any love? Do you think Jesus would love me?;Mike Tyson;love
I've only been in love with a beer bottle and a mirror.;Sid Vicious;love
A poet is, before anything else, a person who is passionately in love with language.;W. H. Auden;love
I just want to do what I do best, and that's fight. I love it.;Mike Tyson;love
However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;love
The body is a house of many windows: there we all sit, showing ourselves and crying on the passers-by to come and love us.;Robert Louis Stevenson;love
Alcohol is like love. The first kiss is magic, the second is intimate, the third is routine. After that you take the girl's clothes off.;Raymond Chandler;love
It is not likely that posterity will fall in love with us, but not impossible that it may respect or sympathize so a man would rather leave behind him the portrait of his spirit than a portrait of his face.;Robert Louis Stevenson;love
Love seeketh not itself to please, nor for itself hath any care, but for another gives its ease, and builds a Heaven in Hell's despair.;William Blake;love
Adultery is the application of democracy to love.;H. L. Mencken;love
Friendship at first sight, like love at first sight, is said to be the only truth.;Herman Melville;love
When you start falling for somebody and you can't stop thinking about when you're going to see them again, I love that. Women are beautiful. They deserve to be cherished and respected.;Orlando Bloom;love
The Bee Gees who are brilliant, I just love great music.;Michael Jackson;love
I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people.;Vincent Van Gogh;love
I'm a romantic, and we romantics are more sensitive to the way people feel. We love more, and we hurt more. When we're hurt, we hurt for a long time.;Freddy Fender;love
What I've enjoyed most, though, is meeting people who have a real interest in food and sharing ideas with them. Good food is a global thing and I find that there is always something new and amazing to learn - I love it!;Jamie Oliver;love
Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock.;John Barrymore;love
I love bringing roses to a woman when she least expects it.;Esai Morales;love
Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.;George Sand;love
I love power. But it is as an artist that I love it. I love it as a musician loves his violin, to draw out its sounds and chords and harmonies.;Napoleon Bonaparte;love
All happiness or unhappiness solely depends upon the quality of the object to which we are attached by love.;Baruch Spinoza;love
I might get drunk one day and fall in love or fall over a hooker outside, and I would have consummated a relationship that I couldn't necessarily believe in.;Oliver Reed;love
Love and work... work and love, that's all there is.;Sigmund Freud;love
I'll come and make love to you at five o'clock. If I'm late start without me.;Tallulah Bankhead;love
Love is what we were born with. Fear is what we learned here.;Marianne Williamson;love
It sounds like a cliche but I also learnt that you're not going to fall for the right person until you really love yourself and feel good about how you are.;Emma Watson;love
Love is an emotion that is based on an opinion of women that is impossible for those who have had any experience with them.;H. L. Mencken;love
Life is short and we have never too much time for gladdening the hearts of those who are travelling the dark journey with us. Oh be swift to love, make haste to be kind.;Henri Frederic Amiel;love
If you have love in your life, it can make up for a great many things that are missing. If you don't have love in your life, no matter what else there is, it's not enough.;Ann Landers;love
Ages of experience have taught humanity that the commitment of a husband and wife to love and to serve one another promotes the welfare of children and the stability of society.;Jack Kingston;love
Unless you love someone, nothing else makes any sense.;e. e. cummings;love
I think careful cooking is love, don't you? The loveliest thing you can cook for someone who's close to you is about as nice a valentine as you can give.;Julia Child;love
Above our life we love a steadfast friend.;Christopher Marlowe;love
Mothers are the people who love us for no good reason. And those of us who are mothers know it's the most exquisite love of all.;Maggie Gallagher;love
I've told Billy if I ever caught him cheating, I wouldn't kill him because I love his children and they need a dad. But I would beat him up. I know where all of his sports injuries are.;Angelina Jolie;love
The distinction between children and adults, while probably useful for some purposes, is at bottom a specious one, I feel. There are only individual egos, crazy for love.;Niccolo Machiavelli;love
First love is first love, first marriage is first marriage, disappointment is disappointment.;Maximilian Schell;love
So, fall asleep love, loved by me... for I know love, I am loved by thee.;Robert Browning;love
The three hardest tasks in the world are neither physical feats nor intellectual achievements, but moral acts: to return love for hate, to include the excluded, and to say, 'I was wrong'.;Sydney J. Harris;love
We'll love you just the way you are if you're perfect.;Alanis Morissette;love
If we're destroying our trees and destroying our environment and hurting animals and hurting one another and all that stuff, there's got to be a very powerful energy to fight that. I think we need more love in the world. We need more kindness, more compassion, more joy, more laughter. I definitely want to contribute to that.;Ellen DeGeneres;love
We don't believe in rheumatism and true love until after the first attack.;Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach;love
From your parents you learn love and laughter and how to put one foot before the other. But when books are opened you discover that you have wings.;Helen Hayes;love
Smart women love smart men more than smart men love smart women.;Natalie Portman;love
A test of a people is how it behaves toward the old. It is easy to love children. Even tyrants and dictators make a point of being fond of children. But the affection and care for the old, the incurable, the helpless are the true gold mines of a culture.;Abraham Joshua Heschel;love
Falling out of love is chiefly a matter of forgetting how charming someone is.;Iris Murdoch;love
Our dilemma is that we hate change and love it at the same time what we really want is for things to remain the same but get better.;Sydney J. Harris;love
A flower falls, even though we love it and a weed grows, even though we do not love it.;Dogen;love
Chemistry can be a good and bad thing. Chemistry is good when you make love with it. Chemistry is bad when you make crack with it.;Adam Sandler;love
When you are older you will understand how precious little things, seemingly of no value in themselves, can be loved and prized above all price when they convey the love and thoughtfulness of a good heart.;Edwin Booth;love
If you don't love me, it does not matter, anyway I can love for both of us.;Stendhal;love
I love my family and I miss them very much but I'm a new person now. I know a lot of people will not agree with what I've done, but it was right for me.;LaToya Jackson;love
You don't have to love them. You just have to respect their rights.;Edward Koch;love
The love of a mother is the veil of a softer light between the heart and the heavenly Father.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;love
People love westerns worldwide. There's something fantasy-like about an individual fighting the elements. Or even bad guys and the elements. It's a simpler time. There's no organized laws and stuff.;Clint Eastwood;love
True love doesn't come to you it has to be inside you.;Julia Roberts;love
Even though I love solar and love wind, like most people do, I like the renewable sources, they alone are not going to get America energy independent.;Mitt Romney;love
This is the America that I love. This is a great people. We can do anything. We can achieve anything. We've got a government that has gotten in the way of the American people. We're going to change that in November.;Mitt Romney;love
A man without ambition is dead. A man with ambition but no love is dead. A man with ambition and love for his blessings here on earth is ever so alive.;Pearl Bailey;love
Whenever you hear a man speak of his love for his country, it is a sign that he expects to be paid for it.;H. L. Mencken;love
Love is a portion of the soul itself, and it is of the same nature as the celestial breathing of the atmosphere of paradise.;Victor Hugo;love
Black as the devil, hot as hell, pure as an angel, sweet as love.;Charles Maurice de Talleyrand;love
And I love that even in the toughest moments, when we're all sweating it - when we're worried that the bill won't pass, and it seems like all is lost - Barack never lets himself get distracted by the chatter and the noise. Just like his grandmother, he just keeps getting up and moving forward... with patience and wisdom, and courage and grace.;Michelle Obama;love
Love never dies of starvation, but often of indigestion.;Ninon de L'Enclos;love
Love is an endless mystery, for it has nothing else to explain it.;Rabindranath Tagore;love
There is nothing I love as much as a good fight.;Franklin D. Roosevelt;love
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong.;Ella Fitzgerald;love
Everyone got kind of crazy with me mentioning I was in love with a woman.;Angelina Jolie;love
There is a fountain of youth: it is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life and the lives of people you love. When you learn to tap this source, you will truly have defeated age.;Sophia Loren;love
The highest patriotism is not a blind acceptance of official policy, but a love of one's country deep enough to call her to a higher plain.;George McGovern;love
In the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.;Paul McCartney;love
Love is an attempt at penetrating another being, but it can only succeed if the surrender is mutual.;Octavio Paz;love
People everywhere love Windows.;Bill Gates;love
Love is easy, and I love writing. You can't resist love. You get an idea, someone says something, and you're in love.;Ray Bradbury;love
Act happy, feel happy, be happy, without a reason in the world. Then you can love, and do what you will.;Dan Millman;love
I love you, and because I love you, I would sooner have you hate me for telling you the truth than adore me for telling you lies.;Pietro Aretino;love
If you're lucky enough to have a pretty girl love you and share herself and sleep with you, make that your secret. The best way to spoil love is by talking to too many people about it.;Rip Torn;love
I tore myself away from the safe comfort of certainties through my love for truth - and truth rewarded me.;Simone de Beauvoir;love
I say to people who care for people who are dying, if you really love that person and want to help them, be with them when their end comes close. Sit with them - you don't even have to talk. You don't have to do anything but really be there with them.;Elisabeth Kubler-Ross;love
At best the family teaches the finest things human beings can learn from one another generosity and love. But it is also, all too often, where we learn nasty things like hate, rage and shame.;Barbara Ehrenreich;love
True love cannot be found where it does not exist, nor can it be denied where it does.;Torquato Tasso;love
If thou desire the love of God and man, be humble, for the proud heart, as it loves none but itself, is beloved of none but itself. Humility enforces where neither virtue, nor strength, nor reason can prevail.;Francis Quarles;love
No woman ever hates a man for being in love with her, but many a woman hate a man for being a friend to her.;Alexander Pope;love
