I have found having my dad as my North Star has worked well for me.;Tony Parsons;dad
I just went off for two months traveling around Europe on a motorcycle and pretty much turned my phone off. I did 5,000 miles with my dad. We went through Holland, Germany, Austria, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia, Montenegro, Italy... and then I did Spain and France by myself.;Michael Fassbender;dad
My mom's been married three times my dad has been married a lot. I didn't really see my dad that much.;Skeet Ulrich;dad
I think I'm extremely vulnerable and that in some ways I seek out rejection. Never feeling like you're getting that pat on the back from dad is probably at the heart of that.;Skeet Ulrich;dad
My dad is a very quick-witted, sarcastic, dry, humorous guy, whereas my mom's very silly, and that side of the family is very musical.;Tim Heidecker;dad
My dad, of course, like a lot of Asian parents, wanted me to be an engineer or doctor and never could understand why I would want to be a lawyer. And then, when I first said I wanted to run for office, he thought that was absolutely insane.;Gary Locke;dad
I know exactly where I've come from, I know exactly who my mum and dad are.;Christopher Eccleston;dad
I remember opening my dad's closet and there were, like, 40 suits, every color of the rainbow, plaid and winter and summer. He had two jewelry boxes full of watches and lighters and cuff links. And just... he was that guy. He was probably unfulfilled in his life in many ways.;Jon Hamm;dad
My dad used to flush my mother's head down the toilet. I was so screwed up.;Jessica Hahn;dad
My dad's passion was to teach adults to read so they could read to their kids.;Jennie Garth;dad
My dad knows how to tell a story. He'd make me laugh by doing all the different voices.;Lily Collins;dad
My dad came from Cuba when he was a teenager not speaking English. And I grew up here speaking Spanglish. That's the world in which I grew up, and that's a world in which a lot of second generation immigrants find themselves.;Ted Cruz;dad
A large part of my life revolves around my dad. Sometimes, I even feel a strong sense of connection, something very tangible when I learn something new in the martial arts.;Brandon Lee;dad
My dad, Donald, was a vet and had a practice in Yorkshire. Cats and dogs were his bread and butter, but his greatest love was large animals.;Alastair Campbell;dad
Like my dad, I have a Christmas party most years. I like to celebrate and see as many people as possible.;Lauren Graham;dad
My dad doesn't get any of my jokes. He laughs at them, but he doesn't understand them. He's just laughing because people around him are laughing.;Zach Galifianakis;dad
I'm trying to have my own thing, and I don't know if it's even possible. I didn't realize so many people actually think I'm trying to be like my dad. I read comments like 'She's no Elvis.' I'm not trying to be. I never set out to be.;Lisa Marie Presley;dad
My mum and dad had worked incredibly hard to afford me an education.;Benedict Cumberbatch;dad
One day my dad would say, 'OK, if you want to play tennis I can help you out.' And that's how it started. And I had a goal. I wanted to beat my mom first. And my parents and my brother. And that was the ultimate goal.;Caroline Wozniacki;dad
My dad has always been my coach. And I've spent so much time with him. So he's one of my best friends. And I can talk to him about everything.;Caroline Wozniacki;dad
Our last jam session was this past Christmas. Dad played his harmonica, mom sang in English and Italian, and I played guitar. I'm so happy that we could share that musical experience for one last time.;Tony Visconti;dad
My dad's sense of humor was direct and sometimes surreal - his quick wit is well known amongst our family and friends. He raised me on Spike Jones records and W.C. Fields movies, and his sense of humor fell somewhere in between.;Tony Visconti;dad
Jenna's traveled with me they've both traveled with their dad. This is the only time they've been old enough in all of their dad's campaigns to really be involved in.;Laura Bush;dad
My dad remembers being in school with my uncle, and the teacher would say outright to the class that the Japanese were second-class citizens and shouldn't be trusted.;Mike Shinoda;dad
Listen, everything I did in my childhood was competitive. Everything we did my dad made it into a game to win. We used to drive my mum nuts.;Lee Westwood;dad
The satisfaction you get when you finally beat your dad is amazing, that rush of adrenaline.;Lee Westwood;dad
I think he would have been proud and smiling... when we laid him to rest because his family was together. I think that was a great gift to be able to give Dad at the end.;Michael Reagan;dad
You know my father as governor, as president, but I knew him as dad. I was so proud to have the Reagan name and to be Ronald Reagan's son.;Michael Reagan;dad
I remember once, we got an interview, and he said, 'Dad, these people are writing about me like I'm an adult. Don't they know I'm a kid?' I have never tried to encourage him to get a music image like other musicians have.;Ornette Coleman;dad
I didn't always want to be a dad.;Liam Gallagher;dad
My dad used to love Steely Dan, the Stones, Jethro Tull and all that. There was always Steely Dan going in my dad's car, but I remember The Royal Scam in particular because it has 'Kid Charlemagne' on it.;St. Vincent;dad
Growing up, I didn't give my grandfather's photography a second thought. I wasn't involved in his work, except that I helped my dad print his negatives.;Kim Weston;dad
I didn't want to travel. I didn't want to leave my family. I heard all these stories from Dad about not having Edward around when he was young, and I didn't want that to happen.;Kim Weston;dad
My dad took me to all the best rock and punk shows when I was growing up and music has always been a part of my life. So I'm very interested in the music scene and I suppose that's why I've ended up going out with musicians. Dave Pirner is still one of my best friends.;Winona Ryder;dad
My parents are very hard working people who did everything they could for their children. I have two brothers and they worked dog hard to give us an education and provide us with the most comfortable life possible. My dad provided for his family daily. So, yes, that is definitely in my DNA.;David Oyelowo;dad
When my dad needed a shirt ironed, he would yell downstairs to my mother, who would drop everything and iron his shirt.;Hope Davis;dad
My dad was kind of a pool shark and had a Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin thing going on. I've always been fascinated by the fifties because of him. There was a hip, cool, anything-goes atmosphere back then, but looking good was still a priority.;Dylan McDermott;dad
My dad had emphysema and both of my parents had chronic bronchitis and ended up with cancers - all smoking related.;Loni Anderson;dad
Dad made it to Gold Shield Detective, so he always busted Robin, my oldest brother, and me. Always got caught, whatever we were doing.;Kevin Eubanks;dad
I am blessed to have Mom and Dad.;Kevin Eubanks;dad
My dad told us up front, 'Guys, if you want to play sports, go ahead, but it's your decision.';Peyton Manning;dad
As a dad I'm emotionally dedicated but I'm not 'figuring out their life plans'. But of course as I'm telling them about the rights of wrongs I'm thinking back to what I was like at their age.;Peter Mullan;dad
When I was on Broadway when I was little, I remember always driving through Times Square with my dad to the theater. Now when I go back, you can't even drive on Broadway in the 40s. New Times Square is too touristy to me.;Jenna Ushkowitz;dad
I had my heart set on becoming an English teacher, but stumbled into acting after meeting a theatrical agent in my dad's restaurant in San Diego.;Charisma Carpenter;dad
The Rat Pack was the piece that really kicked me out of that little funk that I was in and then Ted called me up and asked me if I wanted to be the dad in Blow.;Ray Liotta;dad
Dad was just an emotional wreck. He was drinking a lot of the time, he was smoking a lot of pot. And because he takes certain medications, the drinking was making him... you know, he wasn't even present, really.;Jack Osbourne;dad
If I have a problem, stuff's going through my head, I feel like using, I usually go and talk to my dad... I decided to get sober a lot younger than he did. He first tried to get sober when he was like 32, I believe.;Jack Osbourne;dad
And then before going back for my sophomore year, I decided to change my major to arts and sciences, and my dad cut a deal with me: He said if I'd quit school he'd pay my rent for the next three years, as if I were in school.;Sarah Silverman;dad
I was born and brought up in Liverpool with my clever little sister Jemma, who is 14 and wants to be a vet. My mum Jane is an administrator and my dad Peter is a taxi driver.;Jennifer Ellison;dad
Dad worked in a warehouse when I was little and I didn't see him for three years as he was doing all the overtime God gave him to buy me new ballet shoes, or a new tutu.;Jennifer Ellison;dad
People say I'm not good at writing about men. My dad left when I was 16. Give me a break. I'm doing the best I can.;Jennifer Weiner;dad
My dad loved black singers. So listening to New Orleans music, eventually I wanted to play an instrument.;Bill Kreutzmann;dad
Dad was a very gentle, sweet man.;Tony Scott;dad
I had to learn how to chop wood actually - I don't think my dad would have let me go chop wood in the backyard growing up.;Jennifer Lawrence;dad
It is because my dad died suddenly that I became an actor. I thought, I'm going to make money doing this thing I enjoy.;Paul Giamatti;dad
Growing up, I saw my dad do charity work for children with health issues. That had a profound effect on me.;David Boreanaz;dad
I'm looking out for myself, but I'm looking out for my dad, too.;Jamie Redknapp;dad
I know I'm 25 now, but there's still that little lad inside me who likes his dad there to see him.;Jamie Redknapp;dad
My dad knows the business, and he tells me I've got to do what's best for me.;Jamie Redknapp;dad
Although my dad Harry is the manager of West Ham, we get on very well.;Jamie Redknapp;dad
At 18, I guarded the parking lot at the Catholic church bingos. Now my dad made sure I could take care of myself. I carried a Smith and Wesson 357 magnum.;Susana Martinez;dad
My dad was a golden gloves boxer in the Marine Corps, then a deputy sheriff. My mom worked as an office assistant.;Susana Martinez;dad
Comedy was why I got into acting the first place. Peter Sellers was a huge influence on my wanting to act. I grew up with him and found him hysterical. The Pink Panther films were an inspiration, from my earliest childhood days, when I was watching them with my brother and my dad.;Sally Hawkins;dad
I remember once giving my dad some drawings and writings and said, 'If you could just give these to the publisher, that would be great.' And I was about five!;Sally Hawkins;dad
My dad was an engineer, and he became the CEO of Chevron. His was an engineer's mind-set: Everything's kind of a problem how do you approach the problem?;Bill Keller;dad
My dad was a carpenter and I would work with him during the summer and umpire on the nights I wasn't playing.;Jim Evans;dad
I couldn't be a cameraman or a designer or an actor - I have to be a director because I learned how to do that from my dad.;Joe Wright;dad
My mom and dad met at UCLA when he as a captain in the Air Force and she was in her junior year.;Tracy Austin;dad
My dad instilled in me a great sense of humor. I wasn't bullied at school because my outward attitude was confident, and that helps.;Warwick Davis;dad
When I was born in 1970 with a rare genetic disorder called spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita (SED), medical science wasn't what it is today and my mum and dad were treated terribly by the medical profession.;Warwick Davis;dad
My dad left when I was 3 1/2, and he left my mom and I.;David Cassidy;dad
As a father, I do everything my dad didn't do. My son Beau's birth changed my life.;David Cassidy;dad
I found myself very lost after 'The Partridge Family,' and I lost my dad and I lost my manager, and I lived in a bubble, and it took me 15 years to get through that and a lot of psychotherapy, and I'm laughing about it now!;David Cassidy;dad
I came up poor. My mother only had a fourth-grade education. My dad didn't have any education at all. But they were very structured. They worked hard. You know, they didn't complain. They didn't murmur. And they believe in the Christ.;Evander Holyfield;dad
Well, for one thing, you know my dad was a cop.;Edward Burns;dad
My dad used to say to me, 'You look more like me than I do.';Dhani Harrison;dad
I did rebel. I was the rebel in my family, because my dad wanted me to go and just travel with him.;Dhani Harrison;dad
The music I want to hear in my head sounds somewhere between Jimi Hendrix and Massive Attack. It's not really like my dad, but there will always be similarities because we have the same vocal cords, and I learnt the guitar the way he taught me.;Dhani Harrison;dad
I don't really plan to be a pop star I just want to be able to make music without the whole My Dad thing hanging over me, which everyone in my position goes through.;Dhani Harrison;dad
You can' t help being a musician because you've grown up with music, yet being one means being compared to your dad and being slated for it. But I really don't have the ambitions of most people going into the industry.;Dhani Harrison;dad
'Keep your head down at school.' Those are sage words from my dad. They kept me in check for years.;Dhani Harrison;dad
Playing music has always felt very natural. You know, you do try to do other things, and you do learn lessons that way, but, eventually - well... if your dad is a plumber, you become a plumber. It's the family business, and I felt like I was taking over the family business.;Dhani Harrison;dad
I never really saw my dad around when the Iron Maiden and the AC/DC were playing. But he knew what I was doing. I was just absorbing music. So he just kind of left me to my own devices.;Dhani Harrison;dad
I did Albert Hall, I got to play the Hall of Fame with Prince. So I've done that kind of stuff for ages. It wasn't until after we finished working on Brainwash, my dad's album after he died, then it was like 'That phase is over in my life now, now we can get on with our music, with our band.';Dhani Harrison;dad
When my dad toured in '91, I think my first gig properly was the Tokyo Dome, 50,000 people indoors. That was pretty scary. I was 12, or 13.;Dhani Harrison;dad
I was recording stuff with my dad when I was like five, six years old. I played with him on tour. I'd gone with him to Japan in '91, played some gigs, did a couple shows at the Albert Hall.;Dhani Harrison;dad
My dad lived till he was 78, my mum was in her 80s, and I've got two uncles who are in their 90s now.;Ron Wood;dad
My dad was a sports writer when I was younger and then he became just a general columnist. But I grew up with him literally getting into brawls with football coaches.;Amy Klobuchar;dad
My dad was a musician and I traveled around with him, so it was something that I knew.;Taryn Manning;dad
As a brother and sister, our tastes were pretty different growing up. He liked a lot of early hip hop. My dad didn't understand it and would try to talk him out of it.;Taryn Manning;dad
My dad was quiet, angry, shut down. So my thing is: I express everything that's there. I want to get it all out.;Glen Hansard;dad
I owe a lot to my dad, just for having provided the wrestling business for us to get into.;Owen Hart;dad
There was a bit of a comparison that Bret was making between Vince McMahon and my dad. He looked up to Vince as a dad and stuff, and it was a shame to see the whole thing end the way it did.;Owen Hart;dad
My dad was a big believer in treating people well, oftentimes even when he himself wasn't well.;Neil Cavuto;dad
And what is a stage dad, or a stage mom? It's someone who's protective. That's all.;Nigel Lythgoe;dad
My dad's half-Lebanese, my mom is full Lebanese. I'm three-quarters Lebanese. Irish-Lebanese.;Tom Shadyac;dad
Most young people haven't used their storytelling skills since they were 8 or 9 or 10 and wanted to persuade Mom and Dad to take them to the ball game.;Peter Guber;dad
My dad always told me that the best way to get somebody to get at you is to talk bad about them to somebody else.;T-Pain;dad
My dad always told me that anyone's voice is just another instrument added to the music.;T-Pain;dad
