The passion for money is never fickle.;Mason Cooley;money
To understand someone, find out how he spends his money.;Mason Cooley;money
Poverty is multidimensional. It extends beyond money incomes to education, health care, political participation and advancement of one's own culture and social organisation.;Atal Bihari Vajpayee;money
If you can actually count your money, then you're not a rich man.;J. Paul Getty;money
What we really want to do is what we are really meant to do. When we do what we are meant to do, money comes to us, doors open for us, we feel useful, and the work we do feels like play to us.;Julia Cameron;money
I'm proud to pay taxes in the United States the only thing is, I could be just as proud for half the money.;Arthur Godfrey;money
Those whose life is long still strive for gain, and for all mortals all things take second place to money.;Sophocles;money
I don't talk about money.;Kim Kardashian;money
I've always thought anyone can make money. Making a life worth living, that's the real test.;Robert Fulghum;money
It's very important that every movie I do makes money because I want the people that had the faith in me to get their money back.;Quentin Tarantino;money
We need transparency in government spending. We need to put each government expenditure online so every Floridian can see where their tax money is being spent.;Marco Rubio;money
Time is like money, the less we have of it to spare the further we make it go.;Josh Billings;money
I've had an exciting time I married for love and got a little money along with it.;Rose Kennedy;money
George wrote Taxman, and I played guitar on it. He wrote it in anger at finding out what the taxman did. He had never known before then what could happen to your money.;Paul McCartney;money
All money is a matter of belief.;Adam Smith;money
I'm looking for backing for an unauthorized auto-biography that I am writing. Hopefully, this will sell in such huge numbers that I will be able to sue myself for an extraordinary amount of money and finance the film version in which I will play everybody.;David Bowie;money
A man who cannot be enticed by money or intimidated by the threat of jail or death has two of the strongest weapons that anyone has to offer.;Jesse Jackson;money
Taxation is just a sophisticated way of demanding money with menaces.;Terry Pratchett;money
A wise person should have money in their head, but not in their heart.;Jonathan Swift;money
If you are worried about job security and do not have an adequate emergency fund (ideally eight months' worth of living expenses stashed away in a federally insured bank or credit union), you need to focus more on saving money than paying down the balance on your credit cards.;Suze Orman;money
No, not rich. I am a poor man with money, which is not the same thing.;Gabriel Garcia Marquez;money
What's the use of happiness? It can't buy you money.;Henny Youngman;money
If one man in the country could take all the money, what was the use of passing any bills about it?;Davy Crockett;money
You lose your individuality a huge amount when you have no money, and I certainly had that experience.;J. K. Rowling;money
I know of nothing more despicable and pathetic than a man who devotes all the hours of the waking day to the making of money for money's sake.;John D. Rockefeller;money
Neither soldiers nor money can defend a king but only friends won by good deeds, merit, and honesty.;Sallust;money
As long as you have a system that is based on the rational that if you are making money you are thereby making a contribution to society, these financial rogue practices will continue.;David Korten;money
A majority, perhaps as many as 75 percent, of abortion clinics are in areas with high minority populations. Abortion apologists will say this is because they want to serve the poor. You don't serve the poor, however, by taking their money to terminate their children.;Alveda King;money
If we think we have ours and don't owe any time or money or effort to help those left behind, then we are a part of the problem rather than the solution to the fraying social fabric that threatens all Americans.;Marian Wright Edelman;money
Knowledge is like money: the more he gets, the more he craves.;Josh Billings;money
I haven't got as much money as some folks, but I've got as much impudence as any of them, and that's the next thing to money.;Josh Billings;money
It ain't often that a man's reputation outlasts his money.;Josh Billings;money
Money will buy a pretty good dog, but it won't buy the wag of his tail.;Josh Billings;money
Don't cling to fame. You're just borrowing it. It's like money. You're going to die, and somebody else is going to get it.;Sonny Bono;money
You shouldn't have to have money to have a luxury fragrance.;Lady Gaga;money
A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his.;Bobby Darin;money
What money is better bestowed than that of a schoolboy's tip? How the kindness is recalled by the recipient in after days! It blesses him that gives and him that takes.;William Makepeace Thackeray;money
Capitalism is using its money we socialists throw it away.;Fidel Castro;money
Remember that government doesn't earn one single dollar it spends. In order for you to get money from the government, that money must first be taken from somebody else.;Jesse Ventura;money
Opposites may attract, but I wouldn't put my money on a relationship of financial opposites.;Suze Orman;money
I can't afford to die I'd lose too much money.;George Burns;money
You can be young without money but you can't be old without it.;Tennessee Williams;money
American men, as a group, seem to be interested in only two things, money and breasts. It seems a very narrow outlook.;Hedy Lamarr;money
I'm fulfilled in what I do. I never thought that a lot of money or fine clothes - the finer things of life - would make you happy. My concept of happiness is to be filled in a spiritual sense.;Coretta Scott King;money
It is a sad fact about our culture that a poet can earn much more money writing or talking about his art than he can by practicing it.;W. H. Auden;money
I've always said money may buy you a fine dog, but only love can make it wag its tail.;Kinky Friedman;money
A man must love a thing very much if he not only practices it without any hope of fame and money, but even... without any hope of doing it well.;Oliver Herford;money
A moderate addiction to money may not always be hurtful but when taken in excess it is nearly always bad for the health.;Clarence Day;money
Here's how I think of my money - as soldiers - I send them out to war everyday. I want them to take prisoners and come home, so there's more of them.;Kevin O'Leary;money
I know why most people never get rich. They put the money ahead of the job. If you just think of the job, the money will automatically follow. This never fails.;Hedy Lamarr;money
Well, the chairman of Federal Reserve just made his move to rescue Barack Obama. We're gonna have QE3. We're gonna print some more money.;Rush Limbaugh;money
Why are people unemployed? Because there is no work. Why is there no work? Because people are not buying products and services. Why are people not buying products and services? Because they have no money. Why do people have no money? Because they are unemployed.;Craig Bruce;money
I don't want to make money I want to make a difference.;Lady Gaga;money
Look, we know we screwed up when we were in the majority. We fell in love with power. We spent way too much money - especially on earmarks. There was too much corruption when we ran this place. We were guilty. And that's why we lost.;Eric Cantor;money
To keep the record straight, it wasn't always John and Yoko. We've all accused one another of various business things we tend to be pretty paranoid by now, as you can imagine. There's a lot of money involved.;Paul McCartney;money
People will always choose more money over more sex.;Doug Coupland;money
Almost the only persons who may be said to comprehend even approximately the significance, principles, and purposes of Socialism are the chief leaders of the extreme wings of the Socialistic forces, and perhaps a few of the money kings themselves.;Benjamin Tucker;money
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;money
If you don't want my God here, you don't want me here either. God has been too good to me to go and try to sell out to get some money.;Tyler Perry;money
As they say around the Texas Legislature, if you can't drink their whiskey, screw their women, take their money, and vote against 'em anyway, you don't belong in office.;Molly Ivins;money
Nowadays nothing but money counts: a fortune brings honors, friendships the poor man everywhere lies low.;Ovid;money
Money is like manure. You have to spread it around or it smells.;J. Paul Getty;money
I'm not really religious but very spiritual. I give money to this company that manufactures hearing aids on a regular basis. More people should really hear me sing. I have a gift from God.;Christina Aguilera;money
Anyone who wants to sell you overnight success or wealth is not interested in your success they are interested in your money.;Bo Bennett;money
Look, I'm very much in favor of tax cuts, but not with borrowed money. And the problem that we've gotten into in recent years is spending programs with borrowed money, tax cuts with borrowed money, and at the end of the day that proves disastrous. And my view is I don't think we can play subtle policy here.;Alan Greenspan;money
Until we totally change the way we elect our leaders, until we remove private money from public campaigns, lying will be the de facto method of governance in this country.;Peter Schuyler;money
But there are too many people that make so much money at the cost of lives of other humans and for no reason but to make the money.;Lily Tomlin;money
Thinking in its lower grades, is comparable to paper money, and in its higher forms it is a kind of poetry.;Havelock Ellis;money
Unfaithfulness in the keeping of an appointment is an act of clear dishonesty. You may as well borrow a person's money as his time.;Horace Mann;money
There's no money in poetry, but then there's no poetry in money, either.;Robert Graves;money
When I was waiting tables, washing dishes, or mowing lawns for money, I never thought of myself as stuck in some station in life. I was on my own path, my own journey, an American journey where I could think for myself, decide for myself, define happiness for myself.;Paul Ryan;money
I decided to pursue music, so I dropped out of school and I told my parents I didn't want any money from them. I got three jobs and I just hit the ground running.;Lady Gaga;money
A lot of people in the media, and some everyday people, really aren't in search of the truth. They're in search of something worse than that. Money, yeah. I think the media's the kind of a thing where the truth doesn't win, because it's no fun. The truth's no fun.;Jack White;money
If someone decides to be a musician now, it means because there is no hope of money at the end of it, it means they really want to be a musician. And if someone is writing now, there is no hope for money at the end of it.;Doug Coupland;money
I think money is due for some sort of collapse. People are going to realize that money has a half-life, like radioactive elements.;Doug Coupland;money
I am not a pig farmer. The pigs had a great time, but I didn't make any money.;Willie Nelson;money
Clearly this is a tough economic time, and a lot of families are hurting. So when we talk to parents, we talk about small changes for kids and things that don't cost extra money. Like adding water and eliminating sugary drinks and sodas. That's going to save money right there. Or adding a few more vegetables.;Michelle Obama;money
The idea that a congressman would be tainted by accepting money from private industry or private sources is essentially a socialist argument.;Newt Gingrich;money
If time is money, it seems moral to save time, above all one's own, and such parsimony is excused by consideration for others. One is straight-forward.;Theodor Adorno;money
Congress, the press, and the bureaucracy too often focus on how much money or effort is spent, rather than whether the money or effort actually achieves the announced goal.;Donald Rumsfeld;money
Presidential leadership needn't always cost money. Look for low- and no-cost options. They can be surprisingly effective.;Donald Rumsfeld;money
All I wanted to do was write - at the time, poems, and prose, too. I guess my ambition was simply to make money however I could to keep myself going in some modest way, and I didn't need much, I was unmarried at the time, no children.;Paul Auster;money
We at Chrysler borrow money the old-fashioned way. We pay it back.;Lee Iacocca;money
No man's credit is as good as his money.;John Dewey;money
Victory is everything. You can spend the money but you can never spend the memories.;Ken Venturi;money
Of course, I do everything for money.;Christopher Hitchens;money
It was Public Art, defined as art that is purchased by experts who are not spending their own personal money.;Dave Barry;money
Money is the seed of money, and the first guinea is sometimes more difficult to acquire than the second million.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;money
We do not have a money problem in America. We have a values and priorities problem.;Marian Wright Edelman;money
What I've learned is that you really don't need to be a celebrity or have money or have the paparazzi following you around to be famous.;Lady Gaga;money
Some artists are working to buy the mansion or whatever the element of fame must bear, but I spend all my money on my show.;Lady Gaga;money
I don't care about money.;Lady Gaga;money
The forties, seventies, and the nineties, when money was scarce, were great periods, when the art world retracted but it was also reborn.;Jerry Saltz;money
Money is something that can be measured art is not. It's all subjective.;Jerry Saltz;money
Art usually only makes the news in America when the subject is money.;Jerry Saltz;money
Not to say people shouldn't get rich from art. I adore the alchemy wherein artists who cast a complex spell make rich people give them their money. (Just writing it makes me cackle.) But too many artists have been making money without magic.;Jerry Saltz;money
One argument goes that recessions are good for female artists because when money flies out the window, women are allowed in the house. The other claims that when money ebbs, so do prospects for women.;Jerry Saltz;money
In the seventies, a group of American artists seized the means not of production but of reproduction. They tore apart visual culture at a time of no money, no market, and no one paying attention except other artists. Vietnam and Watergate had happened everything in America was being questioned.;Jerry Saltz;money
The last time money left the art world, intrepid types maxed out their credit cards and opened galleries, and a few of them have become the best in the world.;Jerry Saltz;money
