I get those fleeting, beautiful moments of inner peace and stillness - and then the other 23 hours and 45 minutes of the day, I'm a human trying to make it through in this world.;Ellen DeGeneres;peace
When you've seen beyond yourself, then you may find, peace of mind is waiting there.;George Harrison;peace
The only excuse for war is that we may live in peace unharmed.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;peace
Nothing is wrong with peace and love. It is all the more regrettable that so many of Christ's followers seem to disagree.;Richard Dawkins;peace
The people of the world genuinely want peace. Some day the leaders of the world are going to have to give in and give, it to them.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;peace
We shall find peace. We shall hear angels, we shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds.;Anton Chekhov;peace
We seek peace, knowing that peace is the climate of freedom.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;peace
Success isn't measured by money or power or social rank. Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.;Mike Ditka;peace
You'll never find peace of mind until you listen to your heart.;George Michael;peace
If we have not peace within ourselves, it is in vain to seek it from outward sources.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;peace
Chaotic people often have chaotic lives, and I think they create that. But if you try and have an inner peace and a positive attitude, I think you attract that.;Imelda Staunton;peace
If you cannot find peace within yourself, you will never find it anywhere else.;Marvin Gaye;peace
When life is victorious, there is birth when it is thwarted, there is death. A warrior is always engaged in a life-and-death struggle for Peace.;Morihei Ueshiba;peace
If I were asked to name the chief benefit of the house, I should say: the house shelters day-dreaming, the house protects the dreamer, the house allows one to dream in peace.;Gaston Bachelard;peace
The services in wartime are fit only for desperadoes, but in peace are only fit for fools.;Benjamin Disraeli;peace
I just want you to know that, when we talk about war, we're really talking about peace.;George W. Bush;peace
Political liberty, the peace of a nation, and science itself are gifts for which Fate demands a heavy tax in blood!;Honore de Balzac;peace
As long as man continues to be the ruthless destroyer of lower living beings he will never know health or peace. For as long as men massacre animals, they will kill each other.;Pythagoras;peace
Let's drink to the spirit of gallantry and courage that made a strange Heaven out of unbelievable Hell, and let's drink to the hope that one day this country of ours, which we love so much, will find dignity and greatness and peace again.;Noel Coward;peace
Work and live to serve others, to leave the world a little better than you found it and garner for yourself as much peace of mind as you can. This is happiness.;David Sarnoff;peace
Children are God's Apostles, sent forth, day by day, to preach of love, and hope, and peace.;James Russell Lowell;peace
Law enforcement officers are never 'off duty.' They are dedicated public servants who are sworn to protect public safety at any time and place that the peace is threatened. They need all the help that they can get.;Barbara Boxer;peace
If any foreign minister begins to defend to the death a 'peace conference,' you can be sure his government has already placed its orders for new battleships and airplanes.;Joseph Stalin;peace
We will not waver we will not tire we will not falter, and we will not fail. Peace and Freedom will prevail.;George W. Bush;peace
You find that you have peace of mind and can enjoy yourself, get more sleep, and rest when you know that it was a one hundred percent effort that you gave - win or lose.;Gordie Howe;peace
There can be no vulnerability without risk there can be no community without vulnerability there can be no peace, and ultimately no life, without community.;M. Scott Peck;peace
As far as having peace within myself, the one way I can do that is forgiving the people who have done wrong to me. It causes more stress to build up anger. Peace is more productive.;Rodney King;peace
I am thankful the most important key in history was invented. It's not the key to your house, your car, your boat, your safety deposit box, your bike lock or your private community. It's the key to order, sanity, and peace of mind. The key is 'Delete.';Elayne Boosler;peace
No nation ever had an army large enough to guarantee it against attack in time of peace, or ensure it of victory in time of war.;Calvin Coolidge;peace
Little islands of human happiness, peace, and prosperity are so exceptional at this point in history that I'm not even sure we can draw lessons from them.;P. J. O'Rourke;peace
The purposes of the United States should not be doubted. The Security Council resolutions will be enforced - the just demands of peace and security will be met - or action will be unavoidable. And a regime that has lost its legitimacy will also lose its power.;Colin Powell;peace
How can you consider flower power outdated? The essence of my lyrics is the desire for peace and harmony. That's all anyone has ever wanted. How could it become outdated?;Robert Plant;peace
To be misunderstood can be the writer's punishment for having disturbed the reader's peace. The greater the disturbance, the greater the possibility of misunderstanding.;Anatole Broyard;peace
Then I realized that secrecy is actually to the detriment of my own peace of mind and self, and that I could still sustain my belief in privacy and be authentic and transparent at the same time. It was a pretty revelatory moment, and there's been a liberating force that's come from it.;Alanis Morissette;peace
The true and solid peace of nations consists not in equality of arms, but in mutual trust alone.;Pope John XXIII;peace
There are no absolute rules of conduct, either in peace or war. Everything depends on circumstances.;Leon Trotsky;peace
The great thing in the world is not so much to seek happiness as to earn peace and self-respect.;Thomas Huxley;peace
Change is certain. Peace is followed by disturbances departure of evil men by their return. Such recurrences should not constitute occasions for sadness but realities for awareness, so that one may be happy in the interim.;Percy Bysshe Shelley;peace
I have never advocated war except as a means of peace.;Ulysses S. Grant;peace
Although a soldier by profession, I have never felt any sort of fondness for war, and I have never advocated it, except as a means of peace.;Ulysses S. Grant;peace
To secure peace is to prepare for war.;Karl Von Clausewitz;peace
Five enemies of peace inhabit with us - avarice, ambition, envy, anger, and pride if these were to be banished, we should infallibly enjoy perpetual peace.;Petrarch;peace
Little else is requisite to carry a state to the highest degree of opulence from the lowest barbarism but peace, easy taxes, and a tolerable administration of justice: all the rest being brought about by the natural course of things.;Adam Smith;peace
The way to preserve the peace of the church is to preserve its purity.;Matthew Henry;peace
Every day I've got to be thankful that I am alive, and you never know - the cliche is, I guess, you could get hit by a bus tomorrow, so you'd better be at peace with whatever you got going at the moment.;Joseph Gordon-Levitt;peace
Hope is like peace. It is not a gift from God. It is a gift only we can give one another.;Elie Wiesel;peace
Peace has its victories no less than war, but it doesn't have as many monuments to unveil.;Kin Hubbard;peace
Universal peace sounds ridiculous to the head of an average family.;Kin Hubbard;peace
I would rather have peace in the world than be President.;Harry S. Truman;peace
Therefore I feel that the aforementioned guiding principle must be modified to read: If you desire peace, cultivate justice, but at the same time cultivate the fields to produce more bread otherwise there will be no peace.;Norman Borlaug;peace
An honorable Peace is and always was my first wish! I can take no delight in the effusion of human Blood but, if this War should continue, I wish to have the most active part in it.;John Paul Jones;peace
My attitude to peace is rather based on the Burmese definition of peace - it really means removing all the negative factors that destroy peace in this world. So peace does not mean just putting an end to violence or to war, but to all other factors that threaten peace, such as discrimination, such as inequality, poverty.;Aung San Suu Kyi;peace
When we take our eyes off the whirl of day-to-day activity and concentrate on honoring Him and following in His way, we find a consistent peace that carries us through both plenty and poverty.;Charles Stanley;peace
Peace Train is a song I wrote, the message of which continues to breeze thunderously through the hearts of millions of human beings.;Cat Stevens;peace
Here men from the planet Earth first set foot upon the Moon. July 1969 AD. We came in peace for all mankind.;Neil Armstrong;peace
He who follows his lessons tastes a profound peace, and looks upon everybody as a bunch of manure.;Moliere;peace
If you want peace work for justice.;Pope Paul VI;peace
Peace of mind for five minutes, that's what I crave.;Alanis Morissette;peace
A man will treat a woman almost exactly the way he treats his own interior feminine. In fact, he hasn't the ability to see a woman, objectively speaking, until he has made some kind of peace with his interior woman.;Robert Johnson;peace
We receive His peace when we ask Him for it. We keep His peace by extending it to others. Those are the keys and there are no others.;Marianne Williamson;peace
We travel together, passengers on a little spaceship, dependent on it's vulnerable reserves of air and soil, all committed, for our safety, to it's security and peace. Preserved from annihilation only by the care, the work and the love we give our fragile craft.;Adlai E. Stevenson;peace
Could I have but a line a century hence crediting a contribution to the advance of peace, I would yield every honor which has been accorded by war.;Douglas MacArthur;peace
Fair peace becomes men ferocious anger belongs to beasts.;Ovid;peace
Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others.;Gerald Jampolsky;peace
We've climbed the mighty mountain. I see the valley below, and it's a valley of peace.;George W. Bush;peace
In the whole round of human affairs little is so fatal to peace as misunderstanding.;Margaret Elizabeth Sangster;peace
We will not learn how to live together in peace by killing each other's children.;Jimmy Carter;peace
There are more than 300,000 families in the Gulf region that lost their homes and are waiting for peace of mind. The hurricane exposed the sad reality of poverty in America. We saw, in all its horrific detail, the vulnerabilities of living in inadequate housing and the heartbreak of losing one's home.;Harry Connick, Jr.;peace
Maybe it's like becoming one with the cigar. You lose yourself in it everything fades away: your worries, your problems, your thoughts. They fade into the smoke, and the cigar and you are at peace.;Raul Julia;peace
Ultimately, we have just one moral duty: to reclaim large areas of peace in ourselves, more and more peace, and to reflect it towards others. And the more peace there is in us, the more peace there will be in our troubled world.;Etty Hillesum;peace
I'm at peace with myself and where I am. In the past, I was always looking to see how everybody else was doing. I wasn't competitive, I was comparative. I just wanted to be where everybody else was. Now I've gotten to an age when I am not comparing anymore.;Courteney Cox;peace
I can have peace of mind only when I forgive rather than judge.;Gerald Jampolsky;peace
I feel beautiful when I'm at peace with myself. When I'm serene, when I'm a good person, when I've been considerate of others.;Elle Macpherson;peace
We know that dictators are quick to choose aggression, while free nations strive to resolve differences in peace.;George W. Bush;peace
Each religion, by the help of more or less myth, which it takes more or less seriously, proposes some method of fortifying the human soul and enabling it to make its peace with its destiny.;George Santayana;peace
We have nothing in our history or position to invite aggression we have everything to beckon us to the cultivation of relations of peace and amity with all nations.;Franklin P. Adams;peace
We gave up some of our country to the white men, thinking that then we could have peace. We were mistaken. The white man would not let us alone.;Chief Joseph;peace
War is only a cowardly escape from the problems of peace.;Thomas Mann;peace
Democracy is necessary to peace and to undermining the forces of terrorism.;Benazir Bhutto;peace
Peace comes when you talk to the guy you most hate. And that's where the courage of a leader comes, because when you sit down with your enemy, you as a leader must already have very considerable confidence from your own constituency.;Desmond Tutu;peace
Democracies are indeed slow to make war, but once embarked upon a martial venture are equally slow to make peace and reluctant to make a tolerable, rather than a vindictive, peace.;Reinhold Niebuhr;peace
The science of the mind can only have for its proper goal the understanding of human nature by every human being, and through its use, brings peace to every human soul.;Alfred Adler;peace
Through mutual understanding, sincerity and goodwill, and with great wisdom and broad views, the leaders on both sides should jointly initiate new opportunities for peace, stability, cooperation and mutual benefit.;Chen Shui-bian;peace
The art of Peace I practice has room for each of the world's eight million gods, and I cooperate with them all. The God of Peace is very great and enjoins all that is divine and enlightened in every land.;Morihei Ueshiba;peace
To keep it simple you run your gym like you run your house. Keep it clean and in good running order. No jerks allowed, members pay on time and if they give you any crap, throw them out. There's peace where there's order.;Joe Gold;peace
A peace that depends on fear is nothing but a suppressed war.;Henry Van Dyke;peace
If the white man wants to live in peace with the Indian he can live in peace.;Chief Joseph;peace
I think that a strong Israel is the only Israel that will bring the Arabs to the peace table.;Benjamin Netanyahu;peace
The only peace is being out of earshot.;Mason Cooley;peace
In South Africa, we could not have achieved our freedom and just peace without the help of people around the world, who through the use of non-violent means, such as boycotts and divestment, encouraged their governments and other corporate actors to reverse decades-long support for the Apartheid regime.;Desmond Tutu;peace
Bloody Christmas, here again, let us raise a loving cup, peace on earth, goodwill to men, and make them do the washing up.;Wendy Cope;peace
Our object should be peace within, and peace without. We want to live peacefully and maintain cordial friendly relations with our immediate neighbours and with the world at large.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;peace
For all who love freedom and peace, the world without Saddam Hussein's regime is a better and safer place.;George W. Bush;peace
Peace, above all things, is to be desired, but blood must sometimes be spilled to obtain it on equable and lasting terms.;Andrew Jackson;peace
It is good to realize that if love and peace can prevail on earth, and if we can teach our children to honor nature's gifts, the joys and beauties of the outdoors will be here forever.;Jimmy Carter;peace
A State in the grip of neo-colonialism is not master of its own destiny. It is this factor which makes neo-colonialism such a serious threat to world peace.;Kwame Nkrumah;peace
To plunder, to slaughter, to steal, these things they misname empire and where they make a wilderness, they call it peace.;Tacitus;peace
They may call me a sinner, but I am at peace with myself.;Brigitte Bardot;peace
Let a new earth rise. Let another world be born. Let a bloody peace be written in the sky. Let a second generation full of courage issue forth let a people loving freedom come to growth.;Margaret Walker;peace
