I need drama in my life to keep making music.;Eminem;life
I should have no objection to go over the same life from its beginning to the end: requesting only the advantage authors have, of correcting in a second edition the faults of the first.;Benjamin Franklin;life
One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is.;Erma Bombeck;life
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.;Denis Waitley;life
The ideal man bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of circumstances.;Aristotle;life
Friendship is the shadow of the evening, which increases with the setting sun of life.;Jean de La Fontaine;life
To lengthen thy life, lessen thy meals.;Benjamin Franklin;life
Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.;Joseph Addison;life
Life without liberty is like a body without spirit.;Khalil Gibran;life
You may not always have a comfortable life and you will not always be able to solve all of the world's problems at once but don't ever underestimate the importance you can have because history has shown us that courage can be contagious and hope can take on a life of its own.;Michelle Obama;life
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace.;Victor Hugo;life
The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made.;Groucho Marx;life
Be true to the game, because the game will be true to you. If you try to shortcut the game, then the game will shortcut you. If you put forth the effort, good things will be bestowed upon you. That's truly about the game, and in some ways that's about life too.;Michael Jordan;life
Life and death are one thread, the same line viewed from different sides.;Lao Tzu;life
If we don't know life, how can we know death?;Confucius;life
Do not be too moral. You may cheat yourself out of much life so. Aim above morality. Be not simply good be good for something.;Henry David Thoreau;life
He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. Is not life a hundred times too short for us to bore ourselves?;Friedrich Nietzsche;life
Life was always a matter of waiting for the right moment to act.;Paulo Coelho;life
The object of life is not to be on the side of the majority, but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane.;Marcus Aurelius;life
The energy of the mind is the essence of life.;Aristotle;life
I challenge you to make your life a masterpiece. I challenge you to join the ranks of those people who live what they teach, who walk their talk.;Tony Robbins;life
The expectations of life depend upon diligence the mechanic that would perfect his work must first sharpen his tools.;Confucius;life
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more.;Tony Robbins;life
Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.;John W. Gardner;life
Politicians also have no leisure, because they are always aiming at something beyond political life itself, power and glory, or happiness.;Aristotle;life
Children are the anchors of a mother's life.;Sophocles;life
Freedom means you are unobstructed in living your life as you choose. Anything less is a form of slavery.;Wayne Dyer;life
A life is either all spiritual or not spiritual at all. No man can serve two masters. Your life is shaped by the end you live for. You are made in the image of what you desire.;Thomas Merton;life
Is life not a thousand times too short for us to bore ourselves?;Friedrich Nietzsche;life
As soon as there is life there is danger.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;life
It is best to rise from life as from a banquet, neither thirsty nor drunken.;Aristotle;life
Babies don't need a vacation, but I still see them at the beach... it pisses me off! I'll go over to a little baby and say 'What are you doing here? You haven't worked a day in your life!';Steven Wright;life
Life is not fair get used to it.;Bill Gates;life
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.;Isaac Asimov;life
It is by going down into the abyss that we recover the treasures of life. Where you stumble, there lies your treasure.;Joseph Campbell;life
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.;Benjamin Disraeli;life
People disparage knowing and the intellectual life, and urge doing. I am content with knowing, if only I could know.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;life
Waste your money and you're only out of money, but waste your time and you've lost a part of your life.;Michael LeBoeuf;life
If there's not drama and negativity in my life, all my songs will be really wack and boring or something.;Eminem;life
Art is the proper task of life.;Friedrich Nietzsche;life
Different men seek after happiness in different ways and by different means, and so make for themselves different modes of life and forms of government.;Aristotle;life
The unexamined life is not worth living.;Socrates;life
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.;Steve Jobs;life
Each day is a little life: every waking and rising a little birth, every fresh morning a little youth, every going to rest and sleep a little death.;Arthur Schopenhauer;life
I can't really change my life to accommodate people who are jealous. I don't see why I should.;Sting;life
There is no value in life except what you choose to place upon it and no happiness in any place except what you bring to it yourself.;Henry David Thoreau;life
As we advance in life it becomes more and more difficult, but in fighting the difficulties the inmost strength of the heart is developed.;Vincent Van Gogh;life
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.;Henry David Thoreau;life
Men create gods after their own image, not only with regard to their form but with regard to their mode of life.;Aristotle;life
The true object of all human life is play. Earth is a task garden heaven is a playground.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;life
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake.;Henry David Thoreau;life
Life began with waking up and loving my mother's face.;George Eliot;life
I want to wake up every day and do whatever comes in my mind, and not feel pressure or obligations to do anything else in my life.;Michael Jordan;life
A woman's life can really be a succession of lives, each revolving around some emotionally compelling situation or challenge, and each marked off by some intense experience.;Wallis Simpson;life
A broad margin of leisure is as beautiful in a man's life as in a book. Haste makes waste, no less in life than in housekeeping. Keep the time, observe the hours of the universe, not of the cars.;Henry David Thoreau;life
I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image.;Stephen Hawking;life
Thou wilt find rest from vain fancies if thou doest every act in life as though it were thy last.;Aristotle;life
I'd like to be settled into somewhat of a normal life. Somewhat. I know it's never going to be completely normal.;Michael Jordan;life
Ships that pass in the night, and speak each other in passing, only a signal shown, and a distant voice in the darkness So on the ocean of life, we pass and speak one another, only a look and a voice, then darkness again and a silence.;Henry Wadsworth Longfellow;life
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life and the procedure , the process is its own reward.;Amelia Earhart;life
Loneliness is my least favorite thing about life. The thing that I'm most worried about is just being alone without anybody to care for or someone who will care for me.;Anne Hathaway;life
In college I never realized the opportunities available to a pro athlete. I've been given the chance to meet all kinds of people, to travel and expand my financial capabilities, to get ideas and learn about life, to create a world apart from basketball.;Michael Jordan;life
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.;Anais Nin;life
The state comes into existence for the sake of life and continues to exist for the sake of good life.;Aristotle;life
Life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity and stumble from defeat to defeat.;Anais Nin;life
There are two tragedies in life. One is to lose your heart's desire. The other is to gain it.;George Bernard Shaw;life
Dreams are necessary to life.;Anais Nin;life
There are old heads in the world who cannot help me by their example or advice to live worthily and satisfactorily to myself but I believe that it is in my power to elevate myself this very hour above the common level of my life.;Henry David Thoreau;life
I have learned that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has had to overcome while trying to succeed.;Booker T. Washington;life
It's true, Christmas can feel like a lot of work, particularly for mothers. But when you look back on all the Christmases in your life, you'll find you've created family traditions and lasting memories. Those memories, good and bad, are really what help to keep a family together over the long haul.;Caroline Kennedy;life
A man can live and be healthy without killing animals for food therefore, if he eats meat, he participates in taking animal life merely for the sake of his appetite.;Leo Tolstoy;life
We can always choose to perceive things differently. You can focus on what's wrong in your life, or you can focus on what's right.;Marianne Williamson;life
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.;Bertrand Russell;life
You must understand the whole of life, not just one little part of it. That is why you must read, that is why you must look at the skies, that is why you must sing and dance, and write poems and suffer and understand, for all that is life.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;life
When I chased after money, I never had enough. When I got my life on purpose and focused on giving of myself and everything that arrived into my life, then I was prosperous.;Wayne Dyer;life
Our life is frittered away by detail... simplify, simplify.;Henry David Thoreau;life
Sometimes I feel my whole life has been one big rejection.;Marilyn Monroe;life
Respect is one of life's greatest treasures. I mean, what does it all add up to if you don't have that?;Marilyn Monroe;life
If you spend your life competing with business men, what do you have? A bank account and ulcers!;Marilyn Monroe;life
If there is only one thing in my life that I am proud of, it's that I've never been a kept woman.;Marilyn Monroe;life
Sometimes I think it would be easier to avoid old age, to die young, but then you'd never complete your life, would you? You'd never wholly know you.;Marilyn Monroe;life
Thug Life to me is dead.;Tupac Shakur;life
There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats.;Albert Schweitzer;life
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.;Joseph Campbell;life
I have so much chaos in my life, it's become normal. You become used to it. You have to just relax, calm down, take a deep breath and try to see how you can make things work rather than complain about how they're wrong.;Tom Welling;life
For me life is continuously being hungry. The meaning of life is not simply to exist, to survive, but to move ahead, to go up, to achieve, to conquer.;Arnold Schwarzenegger;life
Always fall in with what you're asked to accept. Take what is given, and make it over your way. My aim in life has always been to hold my own with whatever's going. Not against: with.;Robert Frost;life
I don't have expectations. Expectations in your life just lead to giant disappointments.;Michael Landon;life
Judgments, value judgments concerning life, for or against, can in the last resort never be true: they possess value only as symptoms, they come into consideration only as symptoms - in themselves such judgments are stupidities.;Friedrich Nietzsche;life
If you're married, and you have a wife, and you really love your wife, is it good enough to only say to your wife 'I love her' the day you get married? Or should you tell her every single day when you wake up and every opportunity? And that's how I feel about my relationship with Jesus Christ is that it is the most important thing in my life.;Tim Tebow;life
Let us beware of saying that death is the opposite of life. The living being is only a species of the dead, and a very rare species.;Friedrich Nietzsche;life
Life is divided into three terms - that which was, which is, and which will be. Let us learn from the past to profit by the present, and from the present, to live better in the future.;William Wordsworth;life
There are people who want to make men's lives more difficult for no other reason than the chance it provides them afterwards to offer their prescription for alleviating life their Christianity, for instance.;Friedrich Nietzsche;life
My definition of success is to live your life in a way that causes you to feel a ton of pleasure and very little pain - and because of your lifestyle, have the people around you feel a lot more pleasure than they do pain.;Tony Robbins;life
This is as true in everyday life as it is in battle: we are given one life and the decision is ours whether to wait for circumstances to make up our mind, or whether to act, and in acting, to live.;Omar N. Bradley;life
Most of the luxuries and many of the so-called comforts of life are not only not indispensable, but positive hindrances to the elevation of mankind.;Henry David Thoreau;life
Run for your life from any man who tells you that money is evil. That sentence is the leper's bell of an approaching looter.;Ayn Rand;life
Honesty and integrity are absolutely essential for success in life - all areas of life. The really good news is that anyone can develop both honesty and integrity.;Zig Ziglar;life
A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.;Denis Waitley;life
