The liberties of our country, the freedom of our civil constitution, are worth defending against all hazards: And it is our duty to defend them against all attacks.;Samuel Adams;freedom
Our single most important challenge is therefore to help establish a social order in which the freedom of the individual will truly mean the freedom of the individual.;Nelson Mandela;freedom
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom.;Friedrich Schiller;freedom
Freedom consists not in doing what we like, but in having the right to do what we ought.;Pope John Paul II;freedom
This is the highest wisdom that I own freedom and life are earned by those alone who conquer them each day anew.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;freedom
Books were my pass to personal freedom. I learned to read at age three, and soon discovered there was a whole world to conquer that went beyond our farm in Mississippi.;Oprah Winfrey;freedom
If you're not ready to die for it, put the word 'freedom' out of your vocabulary.;Malcolm X;freedom
When freedom does not have a purpose, when it does not wish to know anything about the rule of law engraved in the hearts of men and women, when it does not listen to the voice of conscience, it turns against humanity and society.;Pope John Paul II;freedom
There is only one kind of freedom and that's individual liberty. Our lives come from our creator and our liberty comes from our creator. It has nothing to do with government granting it.;Ron Paul;freedom
I was ecstatic they re-named 'French Fries' as 'Freedom Fries'. Grown men and women in positions of power in the U.S. government showing themselves as idiots.;Johnny Depp;freedom
If we wish to free ourselves from enslavement, we must choose freedom and the responsibility this entails.;Leo Buscaglia;freedom
I wish that every human life might be pure transparent freedom.;Simone de Beauvoir;freedom
How absurd men are! They never use the liberties they have, they demand those they do not have. They have freedom of thought, they demand freedom of speech.;Soren Kierkegaard;freedom
For more than four decades, the Libyan people have been ruled by a tyrant - Moammar Gaddafi. He has denied his people freedom, exploited their wealth, murdered opponents at home and abroad, and terrorized innocent people around the world - including Americans who were killed by Libyan agents.;Barack Obama;freedom
You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.;Malcolm X;freedom
The fight for freedom must go on until it is won until our country is free and happy and peaceful as part of the community of man, we cannot rest.;Oliver Tambo;freedom
Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it.;Thomas Paine;freedom
Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom.;Rabindranath Tagore;freedom
Necessity is blind until it becomes conscious. Freedom is the consciousness of necessity.;Karl Marx;freedom
We believe in individual initiative, personal responsibility, opportunity, freedom, small government, the Constitution. These principles, these American principles are key to getting our economy back to being successful and leading the world.;Mitt Romney;freedom
He only earns his freedom and his life Who takes them every day by storm.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;freedom
Freedom isn't free. It shouldn't be a bragging point that 'Oh, I don't get involved in politics,' as if that makes someone cleaner. No, that makes you derelict of duty in a republic. Liars and panderers in government would have a much harder time of it if so many people didn't insist on their right to remain ignorant and blindly agreeable.;Bill Maher;freedom
Our plans protect freedom and opportunity, and our blueprint is the Constitution of the United States.;Mitt Romney;freedom
Freedom has cost too much blood and agony to be relinquished at the cheap price of rhetoric.;Thomas Sowell;freedom
If I am elected President of these United States, I will work with all my energy and soul to restore that America, to lift our eyes to a better future. That future is our destiny. That future is out there. It is waiting for us. Our children deserve it, our nation depends upon it, the peace and freedom of the world require it.;Mitt Romney;freedom
A big part of financial freedom is having your heart and mind free from worry about the what-ifs of life.;Suze Orman;freedom
Whenever men take the law into their own hands, the loser is the law. And when the law loses, freedom languishes.;Robert Kennedy;freedom
To say that any people are not fit for freedom, is to make poverty their choice, and to say they had rather be loaded with taxes than not.;Thomas Paine;freedom
There are necessary evils. Money is an important thing in terms of representing freedom in our world. And now I have a daughter to think about. It's really the first time I've thought about the future and what it could be.;Johnny Depp;freedom
Posterity: you will never know how much it has cost my generation to preserve your freedom. I hope you will make good use of it.;John Quincy Adams;freedom
Perhaps religious conscience upsets the designs of those who feel that the highest wisdom and authority comes from government. But from the beginning, this nation trusted in God, not man. Religious liberty is the first freedom in our Constitution.;Mitt Romney;freedom
Ultimately, America's answer to the intolerant man is diversity, the very diversity which our heritage of religious freedom has inspired.;Robert Kennedy;freedom
Religious freedom opens a door for Americans that is closed to too many others around the world. But whether we walk through that door, and what we do with our lives after we do, is up to us.;Mitt Romney;freedom
Freedom. Freedom of religion. Freedom to speak their mind. Freedom to build a life. And yes, freedom to build a business. With their own hands. This is the essence of the American experience.;Mitt Romney;freedom
History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;freedom
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.;Soren Kierkegaard;freedom
You don't have freedom because you are a hyphenated American you have freedom because you are an individual, and that should be protected.;Ron Paul;freedom
We can be thankful to a friend for a few acres, or a little money and yet for the freedom and command of the whole earth, and for the great benefits of our being, our life, health, and reason, we look upon ourselves as under no obligation.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;freedom
A man may be a pessimistic determinist before lunch and an optimistic believer in the will's freedom after it.;Aldous Huxley;freedom
They won't break me because the desire for freedom, and the freedom of the Irish people, is in my heart. The day will dawn when all the people of Ireland will have the desire for freedom to show. It is then that we will see the rising of the moon.;Bobby Sands;freedom
And let me make this very clear - unlike President Obama, I will not raise taxes on the middle class. As president, I will protect the sanctity of life. I will honor the institution of marriage. And I will guarantee America's first liberty: the freedom of religion.;Mitt Romney;freedom
We still believe in the America that is a land of opportunity and a beacon of freedom. We believe in the America that challenges each of us to be better and bigger than ourselves.;Mitt Romney;freedom
Since Castro took power, the Cuban people have been denied basic human freedoms. No freedom of religion, no freedom of the press, no political freedom. And the regime uses brutality and violence to suppress these freedoms and impose its will.;Mitt Romney;freedom
Your true traveller finds boredom rather agreeable than painful. It is the symbol of his liberty - his excessive freedom. He accepts his boredom, when it comes, not merely philosophically, but almost with pleasure.;Aldous Huxley;freedom
Every friend of freedom must be as revolted as I am by the prospect of turning the United States into an armed camp, by the vision of jails filled with casual drug users and of an army of enforcers empowered to invade the liberty of citizens on slight evidence.;Milton Friedman;freedom
We are faced with the paradoxical fact that education has become one of the chief obstacles to intelligence and freedom of thought.;Bertrand Russell;freedom
Back a hundred years ago, especially around Woodrow Wilson, what happened in this country is we took freedom and we chopped it into pieces.;Ron Paul;freedom
When one makes a Revolution, one cannot mark time one must always go forward - or go back. He who now talks about the 'freedom of the press' goes backward, and halts our headlong course towards Socialism.;Vladimir Lenin;freedom
Pakistan not only means freedom and independence but the Muslim Ideology which has to be preserved, which has come to us as a precious gift and treasure and which, we hope other will share with us.;Muhammad Ali Jinnah;freedom
The words spoken by the leader of the free world can expand the frontiers of freedom or shrink them. When Ronald Reagan called on Gorbachev to 'tear down this wall,' a surge of confidence rose that would ultimately breach the bounds of the evil empire.;Mitt Romney;freedom
Make no mistake, in this campaign, I will offer the American ideals of economic freedom a clear and unapologetic defense.;Mitt Romney;freedom
President Obama orders religious organizations to violate their conscience. I will defend religious liberty and overturn regulations that trample on our first freedom.;Mitt Romney;freedom
I don't want to transform America. I want to restore to America the economic values of freedom and opportunity and limited government that has made us the powerhouse of the world.;Mitt Romney;freedom
The secret of freedom lies in educating people, whereas the secret of tyranny is in keeping them ignorant.;Maximilien Robespierre;freedom
There are 4 billion cell phones in use today. Many of them are in the hands of market vendors, rickshaw drivers, and others who've historically lacked access to education and opportunity. Information networks have become a great leveler, and we should use them together to help lift people out of poverty and give them a freedom from want.;Hillary Clinton;freedom
The worst enemy of life, freedom and the common decencies is total anarchy their second worst enemy is total efficiency.;Aldous Huxley;freedom
Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet depreciate agitation, are men who want crops without plowing up the ground.;Frederick Douglass;freedom
I believe all Americans who believe in freedom, tolerance and human rights have a responsibility to oppose bigotry and prejudice based on sexual orientation.;Coretta Scott King;freedom
There can be no real freedom without the freedom to fail.;Erich Fromm;freedom
Freedom in art, freedom in society, this is the double goal towards which all consistent and logical minds must strive.;Victor Hugo;freedom
The only way that has ever been discovered to have a lot of people cooperate together voluntarily is through the free market. And that's why it's so essential to preserving individual freedom.;Milton Friedman;freedom
No nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare.;James Madison;freedom
When people talk of the freedom of writing, speaking or thinking I cannot choose but laugh. No such thing ever existed. No such thing now exists but I hope it will exist. But it must be hundreds of years after you and I shall write and speak no more.;John Adams;freedom
Freedom is hammered out on the anvil of discussion, dissent, and debate.;Hubert H. Humphrey;freedom
Be strong, believe in freedom and in God, love yourself, understand your sexuality, have a sense of humor, masturbate, don't judge people by their religion, color or sexual habits, love life and your family.;Madonna Ciccone;freedom
The more decisions that you are forced to make alone, the more you are aware of your freedom to choose.;Thornton Wilder;freedom
Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four. If that is granted, all else follows.;George Orwell;freedom
You don't have to be a man to fight for freedom. All you have to do is to be an intelligent human being.;Malcolm X;freedom
Emancipation from the bondage of the soil is no freedom for the tree.;Rabindranath Tagore;freedom
Freedom from the desire for an answer is essential to the understanding of a problem.;Jiddu Krishnamurti;freedom
There is nothing wrong with America that faith, love of freedom, intelligence, and energy of her citizens cannot cure.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;freedom
I know but one freedom, and that is the freedom of the mind.;Antoine de Saint-Exupery;freedom
Freedom is not something that one people can bestow on another as a gift. Thy claim it as their own and none can keep it from them.;Kwame Nkrumah;freedom
Analysis does not set out to make pathological reactions impossible, but to give the patient's ego freedom to decide one way or another.;Sigmund Freud;freedom
Pervading nationalism imposes its dominion on man today in many different forms and with an aggressiveness that spares no one. The challenge that is already with us is the temptation to accept as true freedom what in reality is only a new form of slavery.;Pope John Paul II;freedom
A major source of objection to a free economy is precisely that group thinks they ought to want. Underlying most arguments against the free market is a lack of belief in freedom itself.;Milton Friedman;freedom
Freedom is the most contagious virus known to man.;Hubert H. Humphrey;freedom
Freedom in general may be defined as the absence of obstacles to the realization of desires.;Bertrand Russell;freedom
Shall I tell you what the real evil is? To cringe to the things that are called evils, to surrender to them our freedom, in defiance of which we ought to face any suffering.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;freedom
Freedom in capitalist society always remains about the same as it was in ancient Greek republics: Freedom for slave owners.;Vladimir Lenin;freedom
Fear is not in the habit of speaking truth when perfect sincerity is expected, perfect freedom must be allowed nor has anyone who is apt to be angry when he hears the truth any cause to wonder that he does not hear it.;Tacitus;freedom
Freedom of opinion can only exist when the government thinks itself secure.;Bertrand Russell;freedom
Both the American people and nations that censor the internet should understand that our government is committed to helping promote internet freedom.;Hillary Clinton;freedom
If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom, and the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money that it values more, it will lose that too.;W. Somerset Maugham;freedom
We gain freedom when we have paid the full price.;Rabindranath Tagore;freedom
I know of no country in which there is so little independence of mind and real freedom of discussion as in America.;Alexis de Tocqueville;freedom
Perhaps the fact that we have seen millions voting themselves into complete dependence on a tyrant has made our generation understand that to choose one's government is not necessarily to secure freedom.;Friedrich August von Hayek;freedom
The family is the test of freedom because the family is the only thing that the free man makes for himself and by himself.;Gilbert K. Chesterton;freedom
Freedom is not procured by a full enjoyment of what is desired, but by controlling the desire.;Epictetus;freedom
Freedom means the right of people to assemble, organize, and debate openly.;Hillary Clinton;freedom
What then is freedom? The power to live as one wishes.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;freedom
Freedom is a possession of inestimable value.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;freedom
Freedom is the right to live as we wish.;Epictetus;freedom
If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;freedom
Freedom comes only to those who no longer ask of life that it shall yield them any of those personal goods that are subject to the mutations of time.;Bertrand Russell;freedom
Only our individual faith in freedom can keep us free.;Dwight D. Eisenhower;freedom
How often I have found that we grow to maturity not by doing what we like, but by doing what we should. How true it is that not every 'should' is a compulsion, and not every 'like' is a high morality and true freedom.;Karl Rahner;freedom
Just living is not enough. One must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.;Hans Christian Andersen;freedom
Freedom - to walk free and own no superior.;Walt Whitman;freedom
