Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death?;Plato;death
I simply can't build my hopes on a foundation of confusion, misery and death... I think... peace and tranquillity will return again.;Anne Frank;death
It is vain for the coward to flee death follows close behind it is only by defying it that the brave escape.;Voltaire;death
A useless life is an early death.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;death
Dependency is death to initiative, to risk-taking and opportunity. It's time to stop the spread of government dependency and fight it like the poison it is.;Mitt Romney;death
Despise not death, but welcome it, for nature wills it like all else.;Marcus Aurelius;death
Give me liberty or give me death.;Patrick Henry;death
Death is a commingling of eternity with time in the death of a good man, eternity is seen looking through time.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;death
Because I could not stop for death, He kindly stopped for me The carriage held but just ourselves and immortality.;Emily Dickinson;death
In India we only read about death, sickness, terrorism, crime.;Abdul Kalam;death
The death of my father is probably the biggest thing that I ever faced. Daddy and I were best friends.;Joel Osteen;death
As long as your body is healthy and under control and death is distant, try to save your soul when death is immanent what can you do?;Chanakya;death
We all pay for life with death, so everything in between should be free.;Bill Hicks;death
If a man can bridge the gap between life and death, if he can live on after he's dead, then maybe he was a great man.;James Dean;death
I'm not afraid of death, but I'm in no hurry to die. I have so much I want to do first.;Stephen Hawking;death
Death, like birth, is a secret of Nature.;Marcus Aurelius;death
There are worse things in life than death. Have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman?;Woody Allen;death
An unused life is an early death.;Johann Wolfgang von Goethe;death
Justifying conscription to promote the cause of liberty is one of the most bizarre notions ever conceived by man! Forced servitude, with the risk of death and serious injury as a price to live free, makes no sense.;Ron Paul;death
Death is not an event in life: we do not live to experience death. If we take eternity to mean not infinite temporal duration but timelessness, then eternal life belongs to those who live in the present.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;death
If death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character, would you slow down? Or speed up?;Chuck Palahniuk;death
When we have lost everything, including hope, life becomes a disgrace, and death a duty.;W. C. Fields;death
Whether you like it or not, you're forced to come to the realisation that death is out there. But I don't fear death, I'm a fatalist. I believe when it's your time, that's it. It's the hand you're dealt.;Clint Eastwood;death
In our brief national history we have shot four of our presidents, worried five of them to death, impeached one and hounded another out of office. And when all else fails, we hold an election and assassinate their character.;P. J. O'Rourke;death
There's something about death that is comforting. The thought that you could die tomorrow frees you to appreciate your life now.;Angelina Jolie;death
I've been looking at some video clips on YouTube of President Obama - then candidate Obama - going through Iowa making promises. The gap between his promises and his performance is the largest I've seen, well, since the Kardashian wedding and the promise of 'til death do we part.;Mitt Romney;death
Any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in Mankind And therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls it tolls for thee.;John Donne;death
The death of democracy is not likely to be an assassination from ambush. It will be a slow extinction from apathy, indifference, and undernourishment.;Robert M. Hutchins;death
Absolute silence leads to sadness. It is the image of death.;Jean-Jacques Rousseau;death
Prohibit the taking of omens, and do away with superstitious doubts. Then, until death itself comes, no calamity need be feared.;Sun Tzu;death
There is no such thing as inner peace. There is only nervousness or death. Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behavior.;Fran Lebowitz;death
After your death you will be what you were before your birth.;Arthur Schopenhauer;death
Death is the solution to all problems. No man - no problem.;Joseph Stalin;death
Death is a distant rumor to the young.;Andy Rooney;death
Foolish men imagine that because judgment for an evil thing is delayed, there is no justice but only accident here below. Judgment for an evil thing is many times delayed some day or two, some century or two, but it is sure as life, it is sure as death.;Thomas Carlyle;death
He who is the author of a war lets loose the whole contagion of hell and opens a vein that bleeds a nation to death.;Thomas Paine;death
Drown in a cold vat of whiskey? Death, where is thy sting?;W. C. Fields;death
I know not what others may choose but, as for me, give me liberty or give me death.;Patrick Henry;death
Guilt is perhaps the most painful companion of death.;Coco Chanel;death
I love the name of honor, more than I fear death.;Julius Caesar;death
The U.S. couldn't even get rid of Saddam Hussein. And we all know that the EU is just a passing fad. They'll be killing each other again in less than a year. I'm sick to death of all these fascist lawsuits.;Bill Gates;death
'Tis the business of little minds to shrink but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.;Thomas Paine;death
If I think more about death than some other people, it is probably because I love life more than they do.;Angelina Jolie;death
Love is anterior to life, posterior to death, initial of creation, and the exponent of breath.;Emily Dickinson;death
Of all escape mechanisms, death is the most efficient.;Henry Ward Beecher;death
I had reasoned this out in my mind, there was one of two things I had a right to, liberty or death if I could not have one, I would have the other.;Harriet Tubman;death
No matter how prepared you think you are for the death of a loved one, it still comes as a shock, and it still hurts very deeply.;Billy Graham;death
Even very young children need to be informed about dying. Explain the concept of death very carefully to your child. This will make threatening him with it much more effective.;P. J. O'Rourke;death
Other states are trying to abolish the death penalty... mine's putting in an express lane.;Ron White;death
The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death.;E. M. Forster;death
Death does not concern us, because as long as we exist, death is not here. And when it does come, we no longer exist.;Epicurus;death
You must not fear death, my lads defy him, and you drive him into the enemy's ranks.;Napoleon Bonaparte;death
It is the cause, not the death, that makes the martyr.;Napoleon Bonaparte;death
I was not encouraged to follow the career of a writer because my parents thought that I was going to starve to death. They thought nobody can make a living from being a writer in Brazil. They were not wrong.;Paulo Coelho;death
Marriage is the death of hope.;Woody Allen;death
Humanity should question itself, once more, about the absurd and always unfair phenomenon of war, on whose stage of death and pain only remain standing the negotiating table that could and should have prevented it.;Pope John Paul II;death
Our life dreams the Utopia. Our death achieves the Ideal.;Victor Hugo;death
Live your life that the fear of death can never enter your heart.;Tecumseh;death
The goal of all life is death.;Sigmund Freud;death
I look forward to death with great anticipation, to meeting God face to face.;Billy Graham;death
The tragedy of life is in what dies inside a man while he lives - the death of genuine feeling, the death of inspired response, the awareness that makes it possible to feel the pain or the glory of other men in yourself.;Norman Cousins;death
Where is the politician who has not promised to fight to the death for lower taxes- and who has not proceeded to vote for the very spending projects that make tax cuts impossible?;Barry Goldwater;death
Death is not the end. There remains the litigation over the estate.;Ambrose Bierce;death
We are not victims of aging, sickness and death. These are part of scenery, not the seer, who is immune to any form of change. This seer is the spirit, the expression of eternal being.;Deepak Chopra;death
Death is the wish of some, the relief of many, and the end of all.;Lucius Annaeus Seneca;death
Belief is the death of intelligence.;Robert Anton Wilson;death
A complainer is like a Death Eater because there's a suction of negative energy. You can catch a great attitude from great people.;Barbara Corcoran;death
Grumbling is the death of love.;Marlene Dietrich;death
Our life is made by the death of others.;Leonardo da Vinci;death
Even in the valley of the shadow of death, two and two do not make six.;Leo Tolstoy;death
The symbolic language of the crucifixion is the death of the old paradigm resurrection is a leap into a whole new way of thinking.;Deepak Chopra;death
It is not death or pain that is to be dreaded, but the fear of pain or death.;Epictetus;death
Art is the tree of life. Science is the tree of death.;William Blake;death
As men are not able to fight against death, misery, ignorance, they have taken it into their heads, in order to be happy, not to think of them at all.;Blaise Pascal;death
Nothing can happen more beautiful than death.;Walt Whitman;death
The slave is doomed to worship time and fate and death, because they are greater than anything he finds in himself, and because all his thoughts are of things which they devour.;Bertrand Russell;death
Because of its tremendous solemnity death is the light in which great passions, both good and bad, become transparent, no longer limited by outward appearences.;Soren Kierkegaard;death
Death and love are the two wings that bear the good man to heaven.;Michelangelo;death
And I will show that nothing can happen more beautiful than death.;Walt Whitman;death
There are, as is known, insects that die in the moment of fertilization. So it is with all joy: life's highest, most splendid moment of enjoyment is accompanied by death.;Soren Kierkegaard;death
Death, so called, is a thing which makes men weep, And yet a third of life is passed in sleep.;Lord Byron;death
The death of one man is a tragedy. The death of millions is a statistic.;Joseph Stalin;death
Our nature consists in motion complete rest is death.;Blaise Pascal;death
Shrinking away from death is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose.;Carl Jung;death
We need men with moral courage to speak and write their real thoughts, and to stand by their convictions, even to the very death.;Robert Green Ingersoll;death
Since change is constant, you wonder if people crave death because it's the only way they can get anything really finished.;Chuck Palahniuk;death
Every parting gives a foretaste of death, every reunion a hint of the resurrection.;Arthur Schopenhauer;death
On neither the sun, nor death, can a man look fixedly.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;death
If I die prematurely I shall be saved from being bored to death at my own success.;Samuel Butler;death
If we have been pleased with life, we should not be displeased with death, since it comes from the hand of the same master.;Michelangelo;death
Sleep is the interest we have to pay on the capital which is called in at death and the higher the rate of interest and the more regularly it is paid, the further the date of redemption is postponed.;Arthur Schopenhauer;death
Even though people may be well known, they hold in their hearts the emotions of a simple person for the moments that are the most important of those we know on earth: birth, marriage and death.;Jackie Kennedy;death
In every parting there is an image of death.;George Eliot;death
It is easy to go down into Hell night and day, the gates of dark Death stand wide but to climb back again, to retrace one's steps to the upper air - there's the rub, the task.;Virgil;death
Death is the king of this world: 'Tis his park where he breeds life to feed him. Cries of pain are music for his banquet.;George Eliot;death
When death comes it is never our tenderness that we repent from, but our severity.;George Eliot;death
The charm of fame is so great that we like every object to which it is attached, even death.;Blaise Pascal;death
On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down .;Woody Allen;death
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.;Woody Allen;death
