There is certain relief in change, even though it be from bad to worse! As I have often found in traveling in a stagecoach, that it is often a comfort to shift one's position, and be bruised in a new place.;Washington Irving;change
I don't care what other people think as long as I am happy. The day I die or retire, I have blown all my chances because I don't have the chance any more to change my image as an F1 driver.;Sebastian Vettel;change
Remember, each one of us has the power to change the world. Just start thinking peace, and the message will spread quicker than you think.;Yoko Ono;change
If you're old, don't try to change yourself, change your environment.;B. F. Skinner;change
The Framers of the Constitution knew that free speech is the friend of change and revolution. But they also knew that it is always the deadliest enemy of tyranny.;Hugo Black;change
People change over the years, and that changes situations for good and for bad.;Bobby Knight;change
I don't think that a leader can control, to any great extent, his destiny. Very seldom can he step in and change the situation if the forces of history are running in another direction.;Richard M. Nixon;change
Your best is going to change from moment to moment it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick.;Miguel Angel Ruiz;change
Nothing endures but change.;Heraclitus;change
Time does not change us. It just unfolds us.;Max Frisch;change
If you don't change, then what's the point of anything happening to you?;Doug Coupland;change
Human beings are the only animal that thinks they change who they are simply by moving to a different place. Birds migrate, but it's not quite the same thing.;Doug Coupland;change
I've seen firsthand that being president doesn't change who you are. It reveals who you are.;Michelle Obama;change
It wasn't so long ago that I was a working mom myself. And I know that sometimes, much as we all hate to admit it, it's just easier to park the kids in front of the TV for a few hours, so we can pay the bills or do the laundry or just have some peace and quiet for a change.;Michelle Obama;change
Until we totally change the way we elect our leaders, until we remove private money from public campaigns, lying will be the de facto method of governance in this country.;Peter Schuyler;change
Any revival in which I am involved is liable to change.;Tom Stoppard;change
Only in growth, reform, and change, paradoxically enough, is true security to be found.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;change
If you never change your mind, why have one?;Edward de Bono;change
I think clothes should make you feel safe. I like clothes you want to go to sleep in. I sometimes stand in front of a mirror and change a million times because I know I really want to wear my nightgown.;Gilda Radner;change
Actors are agents of change. A film, a piece of theater, a piece of music, or a book can make a difference. It can change the world.;Alan Rickman;change
Successful people recognize crisis as a time for change - from lesser to greater, smaller to bigger.;Edwin Louis Cole;change
It is not to be expected that human nature will change in a day.;Frank B. Kellogg;change
I have accepted fear as a part of life - specifically the fear of change... I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says: turn back.;Erica Jong;change
I'm not asking any of you to make drastic changes to every single one of your recipes or to totally change the way you do business. But what I am asking is that you consider reformulating your menu in pragmatic and incremental ways to create healthier versions of the foods that we all love.;Michelle Obama;change
I am desperate for change - now - not in 8 years or 12 years, but right now.;Michelle Obama;change
Everybody talks about wanting to change things and help and fix, but ultimately all you can do is fix yourself. And that's a lot. Because if you can fix yourself, it has a ripple effect.;Rob Reiner;change
The democracy process provides for political and social change without violence.;Aung San Suu Kyi;change
I don't have perfect teeth, I'm not stick thin. I want to be the person who feels great in her body and can say that she loves it and doesn't want to change anything.;Emma Watson;change
I may be a living legend, but that sure don't help when I've got to change a flat tire.;Roy Orbison;change
A lot of people resist transition and therefore never allow themselves to enjoy who they are. Embrace the change, no matter what it is once you do, you can learn about the new world you're in and take advantage of it.;Nikki Giovanni;change
I'm doing it because I choose it. And if it's not working, I can make a change.;Alanis Morissette;change
Today in America, we are trying to prepare students for a high tech world of constant change, but we are doing so by putting them through a school system designed in the early 20th Century that has not seen substantial change in 30 years.;Janet Napolitano;change
Our generation has an incredible amount of realism, yet at the same time it loves to complain and not really change. Because, if it does change, then it won't have anything to complain about.;Tori Amos;change
A great revolution in just one single individual will help achieve a change in the destiny of a society and, further, will enable a change in the destiny of humankind.;Daisaku Ikeda;change
So if one day the result becomes 3-3, for me it doesn't change my mind, because it's football, it's normal. What is not normal is that we haven't been scoring enough goals playing such good football as we've been playing in the last few weeks.;Jose Mourinho;change
The only sense that is common in the long run, is the sense of change and we all instinctively avoid it.;E. B. White;change
I do not believe in political movements. I believe in personal movement, that movement of the soul when a man who looks at himself is so ashamed that he tries to make some sort of change - within himself, not on the outside.;Joseph Brodsky;change
No great movement designed to change the world can bear to be laughed at or belittled. Mockery is a rust that corrodes all it touches.;Milan Kundera;change
I get satisfaction out of seeing stuff that makes real change in the real world. We need a lot more of that and a lot less abstract stuff.;Temple Grandin;change
Under Barack Obama, the only 'Change' is that 'Hope' has been hard to find. Now millions of Americans are insecure about their future. But instead of inspiring us by reminding us of what makes us special, he divides us against each other. He tells Americans they're worse off because others are better off. That people got rich by making others poor.;Marco Rubio;change
So here's the question: Without a change in leadership, why would the next four years be any different from the last four years?;Paul Ryan;change
Never Have Your Dog Stuffed is really advice to myself, a reminder to myself not to avoid change or uncertainty, but to go with it, to surf into change.;Alan Alda;change
They say marriage will change you but it didn't change me. Being in love changed me.;R. Kelly;change
The earth was made so various, that the mind Of desultory man, studious of change, And pleased with novelty, might be indulged.;William Cowper;change
I don't like definitions, but if there is a definition of freedom, it would be when you have control over your reality to transform it, to change it, rather than having it imposed upon you. You can't really ask for more than.;Mark Knopfler;change
I got all the respect in the world for the front-runners in this race, but ask yourself: If we replace a Democratic insider with a Republican insider, you think we're really going to change Washington, D.C.? You don't have to settle for Washington and Wall Street insiders who supported the Wall Street bailout and the Obamacare individual mandate.;Rick Perry;change
While a large segment of the art world has obsessed over a tiny number of stars and their prices, an aesthetic shift has been occurring. It's not a movement - movements are more sure of themselves. It's a change of mood or expectation, a desire for art to be more than showy effects, big numbers, and gamesmanship.;Jerry Saltz;change
If the Frieze Art Fair catches on, I imagine at least two great things happening. First, we will once again have a huge art fair in town that isn't too annoying to go to. More importantly, Frieze may finally show New Yorkers that we can cross our own waters for visual culture. That would change everything.;Jerry Saltz;change
We're all entitled to opinions about how art institutions should behave, and entitled to voicing those opinions through whatever means available to us. We're also allowed to change or modify our opinions.;Jerry Saltz;change
No real social change has ever been brought about without a revolution... revolution is but thought carried into action.;Emma Goldman;change
I think the tiniest little thing can change the course of your day, which can change the course of your year, which can change who you are.;Taylor Swift;change
I don't know how I got to this point but it must be as a result of everything that has come before so if I were to change something, I might not be at this point now.;William Shatner;change
If you change partners every time it gets tough or you get a little dissatisfied, then I don't think you get the richness that's available in a long-term relationship.;Jeff Bridges;change
Yet what you need is not marches, demonstrations, rallies or wide associations, all of them are important. What you need is direct action. The sooner people understand that, the sooner we'll begin to change things.;Arthur Scargill;change
Sadly, we do a much better job of making people feel guilty than we do of delivering them from the guilt we create. We need to confess this and change our ways.;Tony Campolo;change
I wouldn't change anything. I've made mistakes, but thanks to those mistakes, I've learned.;Enrique Iglesias;change
A good marriage is one which allows for change and growth in the individuals and in the way they express their love.;Pearl S. Buck;change
Hope and change? We're not doing that anymore. They're doing attack and blame. And so, I just think people are going to see through this. They want real leadership. They want us to get this country on the right track.;Paul Ryan;change
Like it or not, the world evolves, priorities change and so do you.;Marilu Henner;change
I never want to change so much that people can't recognize me.;Taylor Swift;change
I believe that Gandhi was correct. Non-violent civil disobedience is the only way to bring about change that allows people to enjoy the change and not get killed in the process.;Edward James Olmos;change
A visit to a cinema is a little outing in itself. It breaks the monotony of an afternoon or evening it gives a change from the surroundings of home, however pleasant.;Ivor Novello;change
Resistance is thought transformed into feeling. Change the thought that creates the resistance, and there is no more resistance.;Robert Conklin;change
Studies have shown that 90% of error in thinking is due to error in perception. If you can change your perception, you can change your emotion and this can lead to new ideas.;Edward de Bono;change
We have got to change our ethics and our financial system and our whole way of understanding the world. It has to be a world in which people live rather than die a sustainable world. It could be great.;Vivienne Westwood;change
It's a philosophy of life. A practice. If you do this, something will change, what will change is that you will change, your life will change, and if you can change you, you can perhaps change the world.;Vivienne Westwood;change
Nothing is as real as a dream. The world can change around you, but your dream will not. Responsibilities need not erase it. Duties need not obscure it. Because the dream is within you, no one can take it away.;Tom Clancy;change
It seems to me that any sensible person must see that violence does not change the world and if it does, then only temporarily.;Martin Scorsese;change
A liberal knows that the only certainty in this life is change but believes that the change can be directed toward a constructive end.;Henry A. Wallace;change
Money is always there but the pockets change it is not in the same pockets after a change, and that is all there is to say about money.;Gertrude Stein;change
For me, 'revolution' simply means radical change.;Aung San Suu Kyi;change
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.;Henri Bergson;change
One of the most predictable things in life is there will be change. You are better off if you can have a say in the change. But you are ignorant or naive if you don't think there will be change, whether you want it to or not.;Julius Erving;change
We're a nation of laws, but the good thing about America, is that laws reside in the people and people can change the laws.;Rick Warren;change
If you take different mythologies from different cultures, the names may change and the story lines may vary but there is always something in common.;Maynard James Keenan;change
Poetry is not only dream and vision it is the skeleton architecture of our lives. It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before.;Audre Lorde;change
I wanna change the game in way where I'm not knocking nobody out of the way, not claiming to be the best at this or that, but just doing wonders with the gift I've been given.;Anthony Hamilton;change
The personal things should be left out of platforms at conventions. You can argue yourself blue in the face, and you're not going to change each other's minds. It's a waste of your time and my time.;Barbara Bush;change
I am Jose Mourinho and I don't change. I arrive with all my qualities and my defects.;Jose Mourinho;change
Here I am paying big money to you writers and what for? All you do is change the words.;Samuel Goldwyn;change
I am a contradictory mess but I see it as my prerogative to change my mood like the weather.;Shirley Manson;change
An Army is a collection of armed men obliged to obey one man. Every change in the rules which impairs the principle weakens the army.;William Tecumseh Sherman;change
The atmosphere seems to change once the sun goes down and the race fans get to watch a good show.;Dale Earnhardt;change
Thoughts will change and shift just like the wind and the water when you're on the boat thoughts are no different than anything else.;Jeff Bridges;change
The low points I had all helped make up my character, so I probably wouldn't want to do away with them because I like being flawed and I like having them help me grow and change and become better and stronger.;Drew Barrymore;change
If you walk down the street and smile at someone, that will get passed on to the next person. That has the power to change someone's day.;Julianna Margulies;change
It's not the destination that matters. It's the change of scene.;Brian Eno;change
I think most artists would be happy to have bigger audiences rather than smaller ones. It doesn't mean that they are going to change their work in order necessarily to get it, but they're happy if they do get it.;Brian Eno;change
Physics does not change the nature of the world it studies, and no science of behavior can change the essential nature of man, even though both sciences yield technologies with a vast power to manipulate the subject matters.;Pope Paul VI;change
Don't fear change - embrace it.;Anthony J. D'Angelo;change
As I have said for many years throughout this land, we're borrowing money from China to buy oil from the Persian Gulf to burn it in ways that destroy the future of human civilization. Every bit of that has to change.;Al Gore;change
Being ready isn't enough you have to be prepared for a promotion or any other significant change.;Pat Riley;change
We should be proud that our Prophet came into the world with the message of Islam to change it for the better, and not for the worse, or to keep things as they are.;Abu Bakar Bashir;change
This life is a hospital in which every patient is possessed with a desire to change his bed.;Charles Baudelaire;change
Vengeance is not the point change is. But the trouble is that in most people's minds the thought of victory and the thought of punishing the enemy coincide.;Barbara Deming;change
For a change, lady luck seemed to be smiling on me. Then again, maybe the fickle wench was just lulling me into a false sense of security while she reached for a rock.;Timothy Zahn;change
I want to test my maximum and see how much I can do. And I want to change the world of swimming.;Michael Phelps;change
Reconciliation requires changes of heart and spirit, as well as social and economic change. It requires symbolic as well as practical action.;Malcolm Fraser;change
If there's specific resistance to women making movies, I just choose to ignore that as an obstacle for two reasons: I can't change my gender, and I refuse to stop making movies.;Kathryn Bigelow;change
