The nerds are the ones that make the films and do loads of other really cool stuff in their life.;Daniel Radcliffe;cool
I met Elijah Wood once, I met Peter Jackson, I met Orlando Bloom, and they're all really cool.;Daniel Radcliffe;cool
I've never been one of the cool people at school, but then again, I don't get the people who are cool. It's not that I don't like them, it's just that they don't interest me.;Daniel Radcliffe;cool
I didn't watch much TV as a kid and I don' t watch it now. I don' t find anything beautiful or unique to the medium, and the only thing you can do on TV that you can't do in film is make a continuing story - which is so cool!;David Lynch;cool
My problem was that I was blond. There were no heroes with blond hair. Robert Taylor and Henry Fonda, they all had dark hair. The only one I found was Van Johnson, who wasn't too cool. He was a nice, homely American boy. So I created my own image. It worked.;Michael Caine;cool
Keep cool my babies.;Conan O'Brien;cool
There are people out there who are older who are cool. I want that.;Billy Corgan;cool
I was trying to be this person who is cool, eternally rocking.;Billy Corgan;cool
I think its so cool that you can pick up the guitar and create something that didn't exist 5 minutes ago. You can write something that no ones ever heard before. You have music at your fingertips.;Michelle Branch;cool
I think it's so cool to be tall. Even when I'm not wearing heels people tell me I'm tall and I always take it as a complement. The good thing is I can always see everybody in the room.;Maria Sharapova;cool
Remember the first time you went to a show and saw your favorite band. You wore their shirt, and sang every word. You didn't know anything about scene politics, haircuts, or what was cool. All you knew was that this music made you feel different from anyone you shared a locker with. Someone finally understood you. This is what music is about.;Gerard Way;cool
I think sometimes I guess you see records, say you want to get there and use that as motivation. In a way, it's kind of cool if there is a possibility to rewrite history and be up there with the greats of Olympic history.;Michael Phelps;cool
At first I was queasy I'll never forget the sound of the scalpel cutting a body open. But it was so cool trying to work out how these people died.;Jonathan Davis;cool
If a guy is skilled at anything, that's attractive. There's something very primal about that and, sure, it can be as simple as figuring out the tip quickly. It's really cool when a guy tips 20 percent quickly and effortlessly so that when the check comes, he opens it and signs his name and done.;Danica McKellar;cool
Parenthood and family come first for me, and when I'm not working I'm cool with the Teletubbies.;Clive Owen;cool
I'm going to let people know that it's cool to have a child and be young and still be a good mom. It's really tough, but I'm doing it.;Brandy Norwood;cool
Playing well with others is important - not being too flashy, just keeping good time and of course coming up with cool beats. A good snare drum, kick drum, high hat. Just getting good at the hand feet coordination.;Chad Smith;cool
I'm not saying I look cool, but every single time I go onstage, it is a fail if I don't feel like I'm going to pass out at least twice.;Kesha;cool
It's really cool to see glowsticks at the show, to see dance music culture infiltrating and becoming one with the metal community.;Jonathan Davis;cool
My friends are people who like building cool stuff. We always have this joke about people who want to just start companies without making something valuable. There's a lot of that in Silicon Valley.;Mark Zuckerberg;cool
When I come home and I'm tired from filming all day, I expect her to be there and make sure everything is cool for me. You know, like drawing my bath and helping me into bed.;Oliver Reed;cool
It's cool to go places where working people are happy.;Neil Young;cool
I really, specifically, love acting, and I think it's a really cool thing to be really indulgent and follow that. I have a lot of ambitions in life, but for the next few years, I just want to be an actor. That's a lucky opportunity, and that drives me to want to be good at that.;Kristen Stewart;cool
That is who Barack Obama is - a person of admirable character - and that is who he has remained for me over these last four years. I have not agreed with his every decision, but never once have I seen him break his cool, lose his composure, or abandon his insightful perspective - even during the most serious and/or absurd national disasters.;Elizabeth Gilbert;cool
As a young boy, I was taught in high school that hacking was cool.;Kevin Mitnick;cool
It's been really fun to see with each album when I change to see the fans of the show emulate my style and with the first record a lot of the kids in the crowd were wearing neck ties like I was and now you'll see a lot of girls with pink hair. It's cool, it's actually really neat.;Avril Lavigne;cool
I kinda see everyone as competition. I'm a very competitive person. But I think that's good. Competition is great. And as long as it's friendly and not a malicious thing, then I think it's cool.;Janet Jackson;cool
The funny thing is, the girls that I'm always up against for roles are pretty nice and cool, like Emma Watson. She's awesome.;Amanda Seyfried;cool
I put on the Hank Williams and the Patsy Cline and the Rosemary Clooney on vinyl - I'm not trying to be some cool indie-rock person, I just love the way it sounds - and throw on a T-shirt and jeans. In Texas, we practically come out of the womb in jeans.;Kelly Clarkson;cool
If you want to go to the mall, you have to take security. But it's always cool. The kids are amazing.;Aaliyah;cool
A friend of mine has a big farm in the desert, and she picks up feathers and roadkill for me, then makes it into clothes. I think it's cool to wear roadkill. If I died and somebody wanted to wear my teeth around their neck to VMAs, I'd feel honored.;Kesha;cool
I have, I admit, a low tolerance for detached chronicling and cool analysis.;Leslie Fiedler;cool
It's really cool when a guy tips 20 per cent quickly and effortlessly so that when the check comes, he opens it and signs his name and done.;Danica McKellar;cool
Every night I fell asleep to a different Beatles album. So I'm very familiar with the Beatles Ringo was my favorite Beatle until I grew up and then changed. I made the switch over to George Harrison just in time to regain my cool.;Christina Ricci;cool
I want Maggie Gyllenhaal. I don't know why. I don't think she necessarily looks like me or acts like me, I just think she's a cool actress and she could play me, so there you go.;Diablo Cody;cool
Oh, my God, this amazing cool breeze is coming through my window and the sun is shining. I'm happy.;Liv Tyler;cool
The cool kindliness of sheets, that soon smooth away trouble and the rough male kiss of blankets.;Rupert Brooke;cool
I'm not a movie star. People know me, but they don't necessarily know what they know me for. I get recognised, but it's not like Justin Bieber. It's a nice thing, people are cool.;Harry Connick, Jr.;cool
I really, specifically, love acting, and I think it's a really cool thing to be really indulgent and follow that. I have a lot of ambitions in life, but for the next few years, I just want to be an actor.;Kristen Stewart;cool
It's interesting to feel the pressure of having to be outgoing, because I think in general, as a human being, I'm pessimistic and introverted. But, it's cool, because it's a whole different side of me, and I impress myself. Even at times when I think that there's no possible way that I can be engaging, I'll suddenly pull it out and impress myself.;Nate Ruess;cool
Part of Obama's persona is self-reliance. He's calm he's cool he's self-possessed. In many ways, he has tried to define himself in opposition to Clinton's sometimes needy, often undisciplined, emotionalism.;Dee Dee Myers;cool
Obama has made America cool again - and more than that, he's made his own brand arguably the most powerful the world has ever known.;Dee Dee Myers;cool
Conforming is not cool.;Adam Lambert;cool
When I was kid, I remember playing 'Vogue' by Madonna over and over and over again. And ah, you know, something about the beat was really cool, and Madonna, visually, was on TV all the time and I thought she was just so beautiful.;Adam Lambert;cool
You have to watch all sides of your advancement, you have to make sure people's bodies and minds are healthy and their morale is cool before you can really go out and play great music.;Shirley Manson;cool
It's not cool to be an alcoholic.;Chester Bennington;cool
Manners are love in a cool climate.;Quentin Crisp;cool
Maybe that first, gigantic deficit the Reaganites piled up was an accident, just a combination of deluded 'supply side' tax cuts and a huge bag of good stuff for the Pentagon. But pretty quickly conservatives discovered that deficits, when done correctly, did something really cool: deficits defunded the Left.;Thomas Frank;cool
Acknowledging class was always difficult for 'New Democrats' - it was second-wave, it was divisive - but 2008 made retro politics cool again.;Thomas Frank;cool
If you do a trick and it doesn't work out, that can stick with you. I like to go back, nail the trick, and, 'OK, I'm cool, it's all good.';Shaun White;cool
What drives me now is the fact that I feel like I still have so many tricks that I want to learn and so many things that I can still do. And so many cool things outside of sports that I have been doing.;Shaun White;cool
I mean, I get letters in the mail because I had a heart defect when I was one, I had surgeries and stuff. And so you get these letters in the mail that just, they are crazy, they are just like, yes, well our son is dealing with the same thing and we saw you on TV and I mean it is such a cool thing to inspire and kind of give hope.;Shaun White;cool
An orange on the table, your dress on the rug, and you in my bed, sweet present of the present, cool of night, warmth of my life.;Jacques Prevert;cool
My parents are the coolest of the cool on every single level, and it's because they have a deep appreciation for every moment of their lives.;Rashida Jones;cool
In early high school years, I was pretty chubby, and I spent a lot of time on my computer, before it was cool to have a computer - because there was a time that was true. So that's where I developed my personality.;Rashida Jones;cool
I'm friends with a lot of my exes, but it took time. We didn't just get into it. I don't think you can be friends until you're cool with them dating someone else. That's when you know.;Rashida Jones;cool
A lot of pop people out there are cool, but they overdo it.;Norah Jones;cool
The pop world is cool, but I never really thought of myself as part of it or wanting to be a part of it because I'm on a label that's not really like that. They're not trying to dress me up, they're not trying to do things like that. I feel like I'm sort of separate from that, actually.;Norah Jones;cool
I could do without 'cool' publications calling me 'mom jazz.' But I laughed all the way to the bank, baby.;Norah Jones;cool
When I entered high school I was an A-student, but not for long. I wanted the fancy clothes. I wanted to hang out with the guys. I went from being an A-student to a B-student to a C-student, but I didn't care. I was getting the high fives and the low fives and the pats on the back. I was cool.;Benjamin Carson;cool
I'm a sappy mom now. I didn't think I would be. I thought I'd be a cool mom who keeps everything in perspective.;Katherine Heigl;cool
My uncle's a lawyer and I remember going to see him in court and thinking, 'That's cool, too bad I could never be a lawyer.';Lena Dunham;cool
I remember once acting really cool on a bus with this girl named Stephanie. When I got home, I realized that I had a really big zit on my forehead. If you have acne problems, you really shouldn't be acting like Don Juan.;John Cusack;cool
I used to be a cool chick but I'm not anymore.;Britney Spears;cool
In the Lamborghini I have to avoid certain roads because of pot holes, and there's nowhere to put my drink, no cup holder. And I'm not going to lie, it looks pretentious. I used to think it was cool to, like, drive it to dinner. Now? Like I really need to be looked at any more.;Danica Patrick;cool
Long intros are cool because there's a little bit of anticipation, you know?;Miranda Lambert;cool
As a kid, I did want to be an old-timer, since they were the ones with the big stories and the cool clothes. I wanted to go there. Now, I guess I want to bring that with me and go back in time.;Tom Waits;cool
My parents used to throw great New Year's Eve parties. They invited such an eclectic mix of showbiz people. All those cool people were always hanging out at our apartment.;Ben Stiller;cool
And we have a little herb garden, which survived the winter thanks to global warming. It makes me feel like a cool, old Italian housewife, that I kept my rosemary alive outside all winter.;Elizabeth Gilbert;cool
It was a very cool thing to be a smart girl, as opposed to some other, different kind. And I think that made a great deal of difference to me growing up and in my life afterward.;Elena Kagan;cool
Cynicism is kind of like folding your arms and stepping back and commenting on things, like the old guys in 'The Muppets,' just throwing out comments all the time, whereas there are other people on the ground really trying to affect things and improve their lives and the lives of other people. I think it's noble and I think it's cool.;Josh Radnor;cool
I haven't left the house without a packet of Kleenex in my back pocket for as long as I can remember. Whenever I start thinking I'm incredibly cool, the packet of Kleenex in my back pocket brings me right back down to earth.;Josh Radnor;cool
And of course I've got kids of my own now, and they love me being in the Harry Potter films. I'm now part of a phenomenon. You become incredibly cool to your kids, and you get a young fan base. So you became the cool dad at school. You're suddenly hip.;Gary Oldman;cool
There aren't many poster children for cool angst. Everybody thinks it's cool if you're the bad girl.;Fiona Apple;cool
For the last few years, it's been so chic for everybody to be miserable. Like if you're in with the cool crowd, you can't be happy.;Lenny Kravitz;cool
Now I'm way into suits that I can put on whether I took a shower or not, and wear barefoot and paint my toes black or whatever color the suit is. It's very cool to wear suits like that. Roll up the sleeves and just say yee-haw.;Steven Tyler;cool
How serious can a movie about time-traveling robots be? You want it to be cool and fun.;Christian Bale;cool
I did find some time to go to a record store and check out 'Headstrong' actually in the racks. It was pretty cool I never thought I'd see my own CD sitting there with everyone else's. I made my Mom take lots of pics!;Ashley Tisdale;cool
All I know about thermal pollution is that if we continue our present rate of growth in electrical energy consumption it will simply take, by the year 2000, all our freshwater streams to cool the generators and reactors.;David R. Brower;cool
I haven't took no punishment. There's nothing cool about taking punishment.;Floyd Mayweather, Jr.;cool
Australia is so cool that it's hard to even know where to start describing it. The beaches are beautiful so is the weather. Not too crowded. Great food, great music, really nice people. It must be a lot like Los Angeles was many years ago.;Mary-Kate Olsen;cool
It's cool to be healthy.;Dick Gregory;cool
I don't wanna abandon my identity as LL Cool J, but at the same time, I had to figure out how to let people know that I'm really serious about making these movies.;LL Cool J;cool
What is more important than the name is that people know that I really like acting, I enjoy it and I want people to know that I am serious. The name thing: I will always be L.L. Cool J.;LL Cool J;cool
I'm taking a lot of my favorite artists, different people, my favorite music and marrying that with what I do as a comic. It's very collaborative, arty, fun and cool.;Margaret Cho;cool
The problem to me is violence. It's not cool to kill somebody or hurt people.;Mark Ruffalo;cool
When you're a kid, you see your parents reading the newspaper and you're like, 'God, why are they reading the newspaper?' When you're young, you're not reading the newspaper. But there comes a time in your life when the newspaper's cool.;Fred Durst;cool
Come Christmas Eve, we usually go to my mom and dad's. Everybody brings one gift and then we play that game when we all steal it from each other. Some are really cool, others are useful and some are a bit out there.;Amy Grant;cool
Tweeting is like sending out cool telegrams to your friends once a week.;Tom Hanks;cool
I'm obsessed with the 1920s, everything from the style to the lifestyle. It was a really cool era.;Lauren Conrad;cool
These days it's cool to be ethnic and to be different, but when I was a kid, it was not cool - at all. My friends would come over and my mom would make crepes with eggs, stuffed with mozzarella cheese, tomatoes and spinach. And they'd be like, 'What is this?';Giada De Laurentiis;cool
I think a lot of young kids at school are very conscious of trying to keep credibility in case they kind of stand out in a crowd and get bullied by trying to stay cool and stuff. And my whole thing, all the way through school, was I was just a goof... I didn't care.;Dominic Monaghan;cool
Orlando's a really cool guy. They hired him for 'Lord of the Rings' out of drama school. He's very new at this still and doesn't have a lot of experience. So we were in this together and we've tried to help each other out. We felt very equal which was good.;Diane Kruger;cool
I have a kind of boring personal life, to the paparazzi anyway, and I don't hang with the cool crowd.;Diane Kruger;cool
Justin Timberlake is everything, and what more could you want in a person? He's funny. He's cute. He's great. He just understands. I get him and he gets me, and that's cool.;Britney Spears;cool
Survival, in the cool economics of biology, means simply the persistence of one's own genes in the generations to follow.;Lewis Thomas;cool
I've always been scared of advertising folk. I've met them at parties and I've been to their offices and I've always found them intimidatingly cool. At one company I visited, they held their meetings in a caravan that had somehow been installed in the place, a rather more exotic place to gather than the typical BBC glass box.;Evan Davis;cool
I was trying to break out of the suburbs, and when I did break out, I don't think I took my whole self with me - I think I played a role of being too cool and hip.;Liz Phair;cool
Elves are cool, man.;Orlando Bloom;cool
