The size of your accomplishments, the quality of your achievement, will depend very largely on how big a man you see in yourself, what sort of image you get of your possible self, yourself at your best.;Orison Swett Marden;best
Fit no stereotypes. Don't chase the latest management fads. The situation dictates which approach best accomplishes the team's mission.;Colin Powell;best
I think we all have blocks between us and the best version of ourselves, whether it's shyness, insecurity, anxiety, whether it's a physical block, and the story of a person overcoming that block to their best self. It's truly inspiring because I think all of us are engaged in that every day.;Tom Hooper;best
In the misfortunes of our best friends we always find something not altogether displeasing to us.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;best
Life is short and if you're looking for extension, you had best do well. 'Cause there's good deeds and then there's good intentions. They are as far apart as Heaven and Hell.;Ben Harper;best
I find myself hoping a total end of all the unhappy divisions of mankind by party-spirit, which at best is but the madness of many for the gain of a few.;Alexander Pope;best
Wishful thinking is not idealism. It is self-indulgence at best and self-exaltation at worst. In either case, it is usually at the expense of others. In other words, it is the opposite of idealism.;Thomas Sowell;best
Power is always dangerous. Power attracts the worst and corrupts the best.;Edward Abbey;best
As a general rule, the most successful man in life is the man who has the best information.;Benjamin Disraeli;best
There are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts.;Charles Dickens;best
Knowing that we can be loved exactly as we are gives us all the best opportunity for growing into the healthiest of people.;Fred Rogers;best
The best time I ever had with Joan Crawford was when I pushed her down the stairs in Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?;Bette Davis;best
The intention to live as long as possible isn't one of the mind's best intentions, because quantity isn't the same as quality.;Deepak Chopra;best
The future hasn't happened yet and the past is gone. So I think the only moment we have is right here and now, and I try to make the best of those moments, the moments that I'm in.;Annie Lennox;best
The noir hero is a knight in blood caked armor. He's dirty and he does his best to deny the fact that he's a hero the whole time.;Frank Miller;best
I looked on child rearing not only as a work of love and duty but as a profession that was fully as interesting and challenging as any honorable profession in the world and one that demanded the best that I could bring to it.;Rose Kennedy;best
For Forms of Government let fools contest whatever is best administered is best.;Alexander Pope;best
The best thing we can do if we want the Russians to let us be Americans is to let the Russians be Russian.;George F. Kennan;best
You should read history and look at ostracism, persecution, martyrdom, and that kind of thing. They always happen to the best men, you know.;George Eliot;best
Brevity is the best recommendation of speech, whether in a senator or an orator.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;best
We should often feel ashamed of our best actions if the world could see all the motives which produced them.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;best
We should often blush for our very best actions, if the world did but see all the motives upon which they were done.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;best
The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.;Wilson Mizner;best
I love that for Barack, there is no such thing as 'us' and 'them' - he doesn't care whether you're a Democrat, a Republican, or none of the above... he knows that we all love our country... and he's always ready to listen to good ideas... he's always looking for the very best in everyone he meets.;Michelle Obama;best
Use those talents you have. You will make it. You will give joy to the world. Take this tip from nature: The woods would be a very silent place if no birds sang except those who sang best.;Bernard Meltzer;best
The wildest colts make the best horses.;Plutarch;best
The best interpreter of the law is custom.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;best
The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express.;Francis Bacon;best
Blondes make the best victims. They're like virgin snow that shows up the bloody footprints.;Alfred Hitchcock;best
Education must provide the opportunities for self-fulfillment it can at best provide a rich and challenging environment for the individual to explore, in his own way.;Noam Chomsky;best
You must be worthy of the best, but not more worthy than the rest.;Denis Waitley;best
As long as you as an individual... can convince yourself that in order to move forward as best you can you have to be optimistic, you can be described as 'one of the faithful,' one of those people who can say, 'Well, look, something's going to happen! Let's just keep trying. Let's not give up.;Tom Hanks;best
I think the best thing I can do is to be a distraction. A husband lives and breathes his work all day long. If he comes home to more table thumping, how can the poor man ever relax?;Jackie Kennedy;best
Focused. I'm a hustler. And my hustle is trying to figure out the best ways to do what I like without having to do much else.;Mos Def;best
You may call God love, you may call God goodness. But the best name for God is compassion.;Meister Eckhart;best
I want to talk to the bullied kids of the world. Tell them to hang on, it will get better. Know that an 'Iron Chef,' actors, musicians, artists and all successful people have probably been bullied in their life. And the best part of your life is yet to come. Whatever it takes to live, do it!;Cat Cora;best
Beer, it's the best damn drink in the world.;Jack Nicholson;best
If anything I try to write something that would be more difficult to film. I tend to see film as competition and would like instead to do what books do best.;Chuck Palahniuk;best
Do you remember when you were 10 or 11 years old and you really thought your folks were the best? They were completely omniscient and you took their word for everything. And then you got older and you went through this hideous age when suddenly they were the devil, they were bullies, and they didn't know anything.;Chuck Palahniuk;best
The principle of all successful effort is to try to do not what is absolutely the best, but what is easily within our power, and suited for our temperament and condition.;John Ruskin;best
Everyone is your best friend when you are successful. Make sure that the people that you surround yourself with are also the people that you are not afraid of failing with.;Paula Abdul;best
A majority is always better than the best repartee.;Benjamin Disraeli;best
The best security for civilization is the dwelling, and upon properly appointed and becoming dwellings depends, more than anything else, the improvement of mankind.;Benjamin Disraeli;best
Words are not as satisfactory as we should like them to be, but, like our neighbours, we have got to live with them and must make the best and not the worst of them.;Samuel Butler;best
This is the patent age of new inventions for killing bodies, and for saving souls. All propagated with the best intentions.;Lord Byron;best
It's best to have failure happen early in life. It wakes up the Phoenix bird in you so you rise from the ashes.;Anne Baxter;best
At best the family teaches the finest things human beings can learn from one another generosity and love. But it is also, all too often, where we learn nasty things like hate, rage and shame.;Barbara Ehrenreich;best
The best thing commercially, which is the worst artistically, by and large, is the most successful.;Orson Welles;best
In the beginning there was the word. The word was Jah. The word is in I, Jah is in I. I make what is good, better, and what is better, best. I follow this in every aspect of life.;Peter Tosh;best
I don't care whether people like me or dislike me. I'm not on earth to win a popularity contest. I'm here to be the best human being I possibly can be.;Tab Hunter;best
The promises of this world are, for the most part, vain phantoms and to confide in one's self, and become something of worth and value is the best and safest course.;Michelangelo;best
The best ideas come as jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible.;David Ogilvy;best
Those that despise people will never get the best out of others and themselves.;Alexis de Tocqueville;best
Voting is a right best exercised by people who have taken time to learn about the issues.;Tony Snow;best
The best work is not what is most difficult for you it is what you do best.;Jean-Paul Sartre;best
I have believed the best of every man. And find that to believe is enough to make a bad man show him at his best, or even a good man swings his lantern higher.;William Butler Yeats;best
The only failure one should fear, is not hugging to the purpose they see as best.;George Eliot;best
There is only one failure in life possible, and that is not to be true to the best one knows.;George Eliot;best
I'm proof against that word failure. I've seen behind it. The only failure a man ought to fear is failure of cleaving to the purpose he sees to be best.;George Eliot;best
The best augury of a man's success in his profession is that he thinks it the finest in the world.;George Eliot;best
For what is love itself, for the one we love best? An enfolding of immeasurable cares which yet are better than any joys outside our love.;George Eliot;best
If you're lucky enough to have a pretty girl love you and share herself and sleep with you, make that your secret. The best way to spoil love is by talking to too many people about it.;Rip Torn;best
You hear the best stories from ordinary people. That sense of immediacy is more real to me than a lot of writerly, literary-type crafted stories. I want that immediacy when I read a novel.;Chuck Palahniuk;best
Some of the best ideas I get seem to happen when I'm doing mindless manual labor or exercise. I'm not sure how that happens, but it leaves me free for remarkable ideas to occur.;Chuck Palahniuk;best
Events will take their course, it is no good of being angry at them he is happiest who wisely turns them to the best account.;Euripides;best
Economy is the basis of society. When the economy is stable, society develops. The ideal economy combines the spiritual and the material, and the best commodities to trade in are sincerity and love.;Morihei Ueshiba;best
Dictionaries are like watches, the worst is better than none and the best cannot be expected to go quite true.;Samuel Johnson;best
Silence is true wisdom's best reply.;Euripides;best
Education is the leading of human souls to what is best, and making what is best out of them.;John Ruskin;best
Certainly the best works, and of greatest merit for the public, have proceeded from the unmarried, or childless men.;Francis Bacon;best
There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm.;Willa Cather;best
After all, the best part of a holiday is perhaps not so much to be resting yourself, as to see all the other fellows busy working.;Kenneth Grahame;best
Choose your companions from the best Who draws a bucket with the rest soon topples down the hill.;William Butler Yeats;best
Also, if you want to reach people, theatre is not always the best way to do it.;Harvey Fierstein;best
Let me recommend the best medicine in the world: a long journey, at a mild season, through a pleasant country, in easy stages.;James Madison;best
He who knows no hardships will know no hardihood. He who faces no calamity will need no courage. Mysterious though it is, the characteristics in human nature which we love best grow in a soil with a strong mixture of troubles.;Harry Emerson Fosdick;best
In writing and politicking, it's best not to think about it, just do it.;Gore Vidal;best
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.;Douglas MacArthur;best
Employees are a company's greatest asset - they're your competitive advantage. You want to attract and retain the best provide them with encouragement, stimulus, and make them feel that they are an integral part of the company's mission.;Anne M. Mulcahy;best
I really feel like life will dictate itself. You should allow it to unfold as naturally as possible. Just go with the flow. When you're really desperate, you say a few prayers and hope for the best. That's the way I've always lived my life.;Shania Twain;best
I have made the choices that work best for me. I know I cannot please everyone, and that's fine.;Marlee Matlin;best
Science is simply common sense at its best, that is, rigidly accurate in observation, and merciless to fallacy in logic.;Thomas Huxley;best
Things are never quite as scary when you've got a best friend.;Bill Watterson;best
Youth is the best time to be rich, and the best time to be poor.;Euripides;best
The best way in the world to deceive believers is to cloak a message in religious language and declare that it conveys some new insight from God.;Charles Stanley;best
An excuse becomes an obstacle in your journey to success when it is made in place of your best effort or when it is used as the object of the blame.;Bo Bennett;best
There are people and nations, Mother, that I would like to say to you by name. I entrust them to you in silence, I entrust them to you in the way that you know best.;Pope John Paul II;best
I love my wife and I know she loves me. We're best friends. We're just lucky to have found each other. It takes a lot of work but I just feel very blessed that I found the right person. It's a very fortunate situation and not everyone has that.;Harry Connick, Jr.;best
Falling in love is the best way to kill your heart because then it's not yours anymore. It's laid in a coffin, waiting to be cremated.;Ville Valo;best
The human body is the best picture of the human soul.;Ludwig Wittgenstein;best
As you know from school, it's when you have not prepared for the test that you have the fear of failing. And if you have prepared, even if you fail, you've done your best.;Alice Walker;best
Land really is the best art.;Andy Warhol;best
How long most people would look at the best book before they would give the price of a large turbot for it?;John Ruskin;best
Nearly all the powerful people of this age are unbelievers, the best of them in doubt and misery, the most in plodding hesitation, doing as well as they can, what practical work lies at hand.;John Ruskin;best
The art which we may call generally art of the wayside, as opposed to that which is the business of men's lives, is, in the best sense of the word, Grotesque.;John Ruskin;best
The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry.;William F. Buckley, Jr.;best
As a mom, I know it is my responsibility, and no one else's, to raise my kids. But we have to ask ourselves, what does it mean when so many parents are finding their best efforts undermined by an avalanche of advertisements aimed at our kids.;Michelle Obama;best
We do not look in our great cities for our best morality.;Jane Austen;best
A man's best fortune, or his worst, is his wife.;Thomas Fuller;best
