People use so much more health care when they live longer.;Michael Bloomberg;health
We drink one another's health and spoil our own.;Jerome K. Jerome;health
There's a need for accepting responsibility - for a person's life and making choices that are not just ones for immediate short-term comfort. You need to make an investment, and the investment is in health and education.;Buzz Aldrin;health
One thing governors feel, Democrats and Republicans alike, is that we have a health care system that, if you're on Medicaid, you have unlimited access to health care, at unlimited levels, at no cost. No wonder it's running away.;Mike Huckabee;health
My main goal is to stay healthy because when you're injured you realise how lucky you are to have your health.;Maria Sharapova;health
I'm one of those people who is actually inspired by a deadline. I might not sleep for many days on end, it may not be good for my health, but it definitely helps.;Carter Burwell;health
America doesn't have health insurance.;Joe Biden;health
If you want to know why Republicans and conservatives are in a political crisis, you need only consider the fact that the Right's deeply held view now boils down to this: Taxes should not go up on the wealthy, and your health benefits should be cut.;John Podhoretz;health
Obama seemed poised to realign American politics after his stunning 2008 victory. But the economy remains worse than even the administration's worst-case scenarios, and the long legislative battles over health care reform, financial services reform and the national debt and deficit have taken their toll. Obama no longer looks invincible.;Dee Dee Myers;health
Health consists of having the same diseases as one's neighbors.;Quentin Crisp;health
In order to lead a country or a company, you've got to get everybody on the same page and you've got to be able to have a vision of where you're going. America can't have a vision of health care for everybody, green economy, regulations - can't have a bunch of piece-meal activities. It's got to have a vision.;Jack Welch;health
If I were a capitalist I would not give my employees health insurance with no deductible, which I do, including dental, and paid pregnancy leave. That's not called capitalism, that's called being a Christian and someone who believes in democracy, so that everyone should get a fair slice of the pie.;Michael Moore;health
Successful health reform must not just make health insurance affordable, affordable health insurance has to make health care affordable.;Elizabeth Edwards;health
People who overly take care of their health are like misers. They hoard up a treasure which they never enjoy.;Laurence Sterne;health
People who are always taking care of their health are like misers, who are hoarding a treasure which they have never spirit enough to enjoy.;Laurence Sterne;health
Many kids come out of college, they have a credit card and a diploma. They don't know how to buy a house or a car or health insurance or life insurance. They do not know basic microeconomics.;Jesse Jackson;health
Dick Cheney said he was running again. He said his health was fine, 'I've got a doctor with me 24 hours a day.' Yeah, that's always the sign of a man in good health, isn't it?;David Letterman;health
There are over 200 million illiterate women in India. This low literacy negatively impacts not just their lives but also their families' and the country's economic development. A girl's lack of education also has a negative impact on the health and well-being of her children.;Sachin Tendulkar;health
People in their 70s can still have incredible lives. Health is the most important thing.;Calvin Klein;health
We cannot continue. Our pension costs and health care costs for our employees are going to bankrupt this city.;Michael Bloomberg;health
What I got which was unusual, especially as a child actress, was parents who believed that Hollywood was not that important. They told us education, family, health, all come first and they meant it.;Danica McKellar;health
The preservation of health is a duty. Few seem conscious that there is such a thing as physical morality.;Herbert Spencer;health
You don't have to be a wreck. You don't have to be sick. One's aim in life should be to die in good health. Just like a candle that burns out.;Jeanne Moreau;health
Obama is capable - as evidenced by his first-term success with health care reform. But mandate-building requires humility, a trait not easily associated with him.;Ron Fournier;health
Republicans would have preferred the court overturn the health care bill, an act that would have underscored Obama's biggest liability - the perception among voters, including those who like and trust him, that he has been ineffective.;Ron Fournier;health
Restoring responsibility and accountability is essential to the economic and fiscal health of our nation.;Carl Levin;health
My life in Brooklyn was in constant danger because of my bad health.;Maurice Sendak;health
I am opposed to anybody making a decision for you or me or anybody else about what health care plan we should have.;Arlen Specter;health
My Dad is my hero. He's 85 now and he is in great health. He is handsome and strong. He has an incredible moral and ethical backbone. I couldn't have been luckier with my parents.;Harry Connick, Jr.;health
Health care and education, in my view, are next up for fundamental software-based transformation.;Marc Andreessen;health
It is time to end the discrimination against people who need treatment for chemical addiction. It is time for Congress to deal with our Nation's number one public health problem.;Jim Ramstad;health
The only principles of public conduct that are worthy of a gentleman or a man are to sacrifice estate, ease, health, and applause, and even life, to the sacred calls of his country.;James Otis;health
The filth and noise of the crowded streets soon destroy the elasticity of health which belongs to the country boy.;Rutherford B. Hayes;health
The only truly individualistic health-care choice - where you receive care that is unpolluted by anyone else's funds - is to forgo insurance altogether, paying out-of-pocket for health services as you need them.;Thomas Frank;health
Yes, Democrats can prove that America pays more for health care than other countries yes, they have won the dispute that private health insurance is needlessly expensive. But what they've lost is the argument that we are a society.;Thomas Frank;health
While Democrats fussed with the details of health care reforms, conservatives spent months telling the nation that the real issue is freedom, that what's on the line is American liberty itself.;Thomas Frank;health
Government is, by its very nature, a destroyer of liberties the Obama administration, specifically, is promising to interfere with the economy and the health care system so profoundly that Washington will soon have us all in chains.;Thomas Frank;health
What is at stake in the debate over health care is more than the mere crafting of policy. The issue is now the identity of the Democratic Party.;Thomas Frank;health
Mr. Obama still has time to reverse course. A great deal depends on it. To fail on health care yet again might well be the 'Waterloo' Republicans dream of.;Thomas Frank;health
Every profession will have its rogues, of course, no matter what oaths are sworn, but many health care professionals have a real commitment to serving the best interests of their clients.;Peter Singer;health
No matter how old you are, no matter how much you weigh, you can still control the health of your body.;Mehmet Oz;health
Effective health care depends on self-care this fact is currently heralded as if it were a discovery.;Ivan Illich;health
The greatest public health threat for many American women is the men they live with.;Anna Quindlen;health
As it turns out, social scientists have established only one fact about single women's mental health: employment improves it.;Susan Faludi;health
It's easier to lecture women on sexual morality than it is to explain why all Americans shouldn't have comprehensive, fair, and equal health care coverage.;Martha Plimpton;health
Women know the financial, social and physical costs of not having access to basic health care.;Martha Plimpton;health
It's long past time we started focusing on the solutions that actually keep women healthy, instead of using basic aspects of women's health as a tool of cultural, moral, and political control.;Martha Plimpton;health
We should be concerned not only about the health of individual patients, but also the health of our entire society.;Benjamin Carson;health
People spending more of their own money on routine health care would make the system more competitive and transparent and restore the confidence between the patients and the doctors without government rationing.;Benjamin Carson;health
Health care is one-sixth of our economy. If the government can control that, they can control just about everything. We need to understand what is going on, because there are much more economic models that can be used to give us good health care than what we have now.;Benjamin Carson;health
I hope someday we will be able to proclaim that we have banished hunger in the United States, and that we've been able to bring nutrition and health to the whole world.;George McGovern;health
I'm not into animal rights. I'm only into animal welfare and health. I've been with the Morris Animal Foundation since the '70s. We're a health organization. We fund campaign health studies for dogs, cats, lizards and wildlife. I've worked with the L.A. Zoo for about the same length of time. I get my animal fixes!;Betty White;health
As musicians and artists, it's important we have an environment - and I guess when I say environment, I really mean the industry, that really nurtures these gifts. Oftentimes, the machine can overlook the need to take care of the people who produce the sounds that have a lot to do with the health and well-being of society.;Lauryn Hill;health
I think the number one thing Black women and all Black people should be paying attention to is our health.;Bell Hooks;health
Any health care funding plan that is just, equitable, civilized and humane must - must - redistribute wealth from the richer among us to the poorer and the less fortunate. Excellent healthcare is by definition re-distributional.;Donald Berwick;health
I think first and foremost everybody should understand that Canadians are strongly committed to the system of universal health insurance, to the principle that your ability to pay does not determine your access to critical medical service.;Stephen Harper;health
For the sake of our health, our children and grandchildren and even our economic well-being, we must make protecting the planet our top priority.;David Suzuki;health
Thanks to evolution, our bodies have powerful ways to ward off illness and infection and enable us to live long and healthy lives. Why, then, do health costs continue to climb at unsustainable and frightening rates?;David Suzuki;health
Hydraulic fracturing requires massive amounts of water. Disposing of the toxic wastewater, as well as accidental spills, can contaminate drinking water and harm human health.;David Suzuki;health
Doing all we can to combat climate change comes with numerous benefits, from reducing pollution and associated health care costs to strengthening and diversifying the economy by shifting to renewable energy, among other measures.;David Suzuki;health
The power of community to create health is far greater than any physician, clinic or hospital.;Mark Hyman;health
I was one of those people who put too much emphasis on work and career and material possessions, and it took its toll on all my relationships, on my physical health, my emotional and mental health.;Tony Shalhoub;health
My health and my family are the core of my being.;Jon Bon Jovi;health
Strong advocacy for education, health care and worker safety will be indispensable if they are to get their fair share of President Bush's austere budget for the next fiscal year.;Arlen Specter;health
The dual scourge of hunger and malnutrition will be truly vanquished not only when granaries are full, but also when people's basic health needs are met and women are given their rightful role in societies.;Gro Harlem Brundtland;health
Yoga is wonderful. It clears up most health problems. It also gives you an overview.;Helen Reddy;health
Do we talk about the dignity of work? Do we give our students any reason for believing it is worthwhile to sacrifice for their work because such sacrifices improve the psychological and mental health of the person who makes them?;Sargent Shriver;health
Love is not as important as good health. You cannot be in love if you're not healthy. You can't appreciate it.;Bryan Cranston;health
It's funny, I do try to maintain health. I started doing Bikram yoga which is that hothouse yoga, the 105 degrees yoga for 90 minutes. It's great, you purge out all the sweat and you're drinking water.;Bryan Cranston;health
If Charlton Heston can have a constitutional right carry a rifle, why can't grandma have a constitutional right to health care?;Al Sharpton;health
My health is very much improved.;Lech Walesa;health
Think of an economy where people could be an artist or a photographer or a writer without worrying about keeping their day job in order to have health insurance.;Nancy Pelosi;health
Health care reform, the marquee legislative accomplishment of the Obama administration's first term, was passed before we entered the world of divided government.;Eliot Spitzer;health
You cannot drive a system that's going to be aiming at preventing illness if everyone is not in it. The whole gaming of health insurance and health care in America is based on that fundamental principle: insure people who aren't sick and you don't have to pay more money on them.;Mehmet Oz;health
Experience taught me that working families are often just one pay check away from economic disaster. And it showed me first-hand the importance of every family having access to good health care.;Dave Obey;health
A woman's health is her capital.;Harriet Beecher Stowe;health
I mean, the fight for a health care bill to cover all Americans and leave none behind is attacked as being a race appeal, which is not true, but then it's put out in the media as true.;Jesse Jackson;health
One state retiree, 49 years old, paid, over the course of his entire career, a total of $124,000 towards his retirement pension and health benefits. What will we pay him? $3.3 million in pension payments over his life and nearly $500,000 for health care benefits - a total of $3.8m on a $120,000 investment.;Chris Christie;health
In today's world, it is shortsighted to think that infectious diseases cannot cross borders. By allowing developing countries access to generic drugs, we not only help improve health in those nations, we also help ourselves control these debilitating and often deadly diseases.;Ron Wyden;health
With the loss of Free Choice Vouchers, hundreds of thousands of workers will now be forced to choose between their employers' unaffordable insurance or going without health care.;Ron Wyden;health
Since 1994, lawmakers on both sides of the aisle have considered it politically risky to offer a plan to fix America's broken health care system. The American public, though, has paid the price for this silence as health care costs skyrocketed, millions went uninsured, and millions more grappled with financial insecurity and hardship.;Ron Wyden;health
Pay mind to your own life, your own health, and wholeness. A bleeding heart is of no help to anyone if it bleeds to death.;Frederick Buechner;health
A comfortable house is a great source of happiness. It ranks immediately after health and a good conscience.;Sydney Smith;health
Wendy Malick and Valerie Bertinelli make fun of me, but I take care of my health - I don't abuse it.;Betty White;health
The bottom line is, I'm blessed with good health. On top of that, I don't go around thinking 'Oh, I'm 90, I better do this or I better do that.' I'm just Betty. I'm the same Betty that I've always been. Take it or leave it.;Betty White;health
I seem to be thinking rationally again in the style that is characteristic of scientists. However, this is not entirely a matter of joy as if someone returned from physical disability to good physical health.;John Forbes Nash, Jr.;health
Competition makes things come out right. Well, what does that mean in health care? More hospitals so they compete with each other. More doctors compete with each other. More pharmaceutical companies. We set up war. Wait a minute, let's talk about the patient. The patient doesn't need a war.;Donald Berwick;health
It is reasonable to expect the doctor to recognize that science may not have all the answers to problems of health and healing.;Norman Cousins;health
Frequent worshippers are also significantly more active citizens. They are more likely to belong to community organizations, especially those concerned with young people, health, arts and leisure, neighborhood and civic groups and professional associations.;Jonathan Sacks;health
Walking is magic. Can't recommend it highly enough. I read that Plato and Aristotle did much of their brilliant thinking together while ambulating. The movement, the meditation, the health of the blood pumping, and the rhythm of footsteps...this is a primal way to connect with one's deeper self.;Paula Cole;health
Health is not a condition of matter, but of Mind.;Mary Baker Eddy;health
The accumulation of numbers always augments in some measure moral corruptions, and the consequences to health of the various vices incident thereto, are well known.;William Falconer;health
Japan actually is an aging population, and so as the population has aged, they have had a lot more problems with health.;Shigeru Miyamoto;health
The rise of childhood obesity has placed the health of an entire generation at risk.;Tom Vilsack;health
It's about businesses nervous about taking on school leavers because of a mass of red tape. It's about health and safety regulations and green fines.;Nigel Farage;health
I don't think healthcare's a right. The only right you have is the ability to go out on an even playing field and work, and then purchase health insurance, or whatever it is.;Adam Carolla;health
As long as I have my health, I want to be reporting somewhere.;Dan Rather;health
Hollywood... a city I was to come back to time and again, in sickness and in health, in success and in failure, with anticipation and with dread.;Dirk Benedict;health
I always made my food congenial to my constitution, and my health was always excellent.;Giacomo Casanova;health
