It is always the best policy to speak the truth, unless, of course, you are an exceptionally good liar.;Jerome K. Jerome;truth
The truth is more important than the facts.;Frank Lloyd Wright;truth
Tell me I'm clever, Tell me I'm kind, Tell me I'm talented, Tell me I'm cute, Tell me I'm sensitive, Graceful and wise, Tell me I'm perfect - But tell me the truth.;Shel Silverstein;truth
Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away.;Elvis Presley;truth
Truth will always be truth, regardless of lack of understanding, disbelief or ignorance.;W. Clement Stone;truth
If you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things.;Rene Descartes;truth
I say that justice is truth in action.;Benjamin Disraeli;truth
Adversity is the first path to truth.;Lord Byron;truth
I tore myself away from the safe comfort of certainties through my love for truth - and truth rewarded me.;Simone de Beauvoir;truth
People will generally accept facts as truth only if the facts agree with what they already believe.;Andy Rooney;truth
Truth is so rare that it is delightful to tell it.;Emily Dickinson;truth
I am the Way, the Truth, and the Life. No one comes to the Father except through me.;Jesus Christ;truth
There are some people so addicted to exaggeration that they can't tell the truth without lying.;Josh Billings;truth
Your problem is how you are going to spend this one odd and precious life you have been issued. Whether you're going to spend it trying to look good and creating the illusion that you have power over people and circumstances, or whether you are going to taste it, enjoy it and find out the truth about who you are.;Anne Lamott;truth
Every truth has two sides it is as well to look at both, before we commit ourselves to either.;Aesop;truth
My guiding principles in life are to be honest, genuine, thoughtful and caring.;Prince William;truth
If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.;Virginia Woolf;truth
Truth, like gold, is to be obtained not by its growth, but by washing away from it all that is not gold.;Leo Tolstoy;truth
There is no greatness where there is no simplicity, goodness and truth.;Leo Tolstoy;truth
Fear is not in the habit of speaking truth when perfect sincerity is expected, perfect freedom must be allowed nor has anyone who is apt to be angry when he hears the truth any cause to wonder that he does not hear it.;Tacitus;truth
Gossip needn't be false to be evil - there's a lot of truth that shouldn't be passed around.;Frank A. Clark;truth
Betrayal is the only truth that sticks.;Arthur Miller;truth
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.;Robert H. Schuller;truth
If you shut up truth, and bury it underground, it will but grow.;Emile Zola;truth
Sometimes the truth hurts. And sometimes it feels real good.;Henry Rollins;truth
There are trivial truths and the great truths. The opposite of a trivial truth is plainly false. The opposite of a great truth is also true.;Niels Bohr;truth
A lie which is half a truth is ever the blackest of lies.;Alfred Lord Tennyson;truth
Truth is tough. It will not break, like a bubble, at a touch nay, you may kick it about all day like a football, and it will be round and full at evening.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;truth
To myself I am only a child playing on the beach, while vast oceans of truth lie undiscovered before me.;Isaac Newton;truth
The truth. It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and must therefore be treated with great caution.;J. K. Rowling;truth
It becomes more necessary to see the truth as it is if you realize that the only vehicle for change are these people who have lost their personality.;Steven Biko;truth
Gossip is called gossip because it's not always the truth.;Justin Timberlake;truth
Infinite love is the only truth. Everything else is illusion.;David Icke;truth
A harmful truth is better than a useful lie.;Thomas Mann;truth
In the last few years, the very idea of telling the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth is dredged up only as a final resort when the alternative options of deception, threat and bribery have all been exhausted.;Michael Musto;truth
We swallow greedily any lie that flatters us, but we sip only little by little at a truth we find bitter.;Denis Diderot;truth
I preach there are all kinds of truth, your truth and somebody else's. But behind all of them there is only one truth and that is that there's no truth.;Flannery O'Connor;truth
There are only two people who can tell you the truth about yourself - an enemy who has lost his temper and a friend who loves you dearly.;Antisthenes;truth
The first reaction to truth is hatred.;Tertullian;truth
Human love has little regard for the truth. It makes the truth relative, since nothing, not even the truth, must come between it and the beloved person.;Dietrich Bonhoeffer;truth
Truth is always served by great minds, even if they fight it.;Jean Rostand;truth
The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed.;Eminem;truth
I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality... I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;truth
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth.;Bo Bennett;truth
The pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain children all our lives.;Albert Einstein;truth
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters.;Albert Einstein;truth
Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods.;Albert Einstein;truth
In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.;Buddha;truth
Discrimination is a hellhound that gnaws at Negroes in every waking moment of their lives to remind them that the lie of their inferiority is accepted as truth in the society dominating them.;Martin Luther King, Jr.;truth
Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand.;Khalil Gibran;truth
Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities Truth isn't.;Mark Twain;truth
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.;Muhammad Ali;truth
When you are joyous, look deep into your heart and you shall find it is only that which has given you sorrow that is giving you joy. When you are sorrowful look again in your heart, and you shall see that in truth you are weeping for that which has been your delight.;Khalil Gibran;truth
A nation that is afraid to let its people judge the truth and falsehood in an open market is a nation that is afraid of its people.;John F. Kennedy;truth
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.;Miguel Angel Ruiz;truth
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.;Charles Spurgeon;truth
All things are subject to interpretation whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
Even in literature and art, no man who bothers about originality will ever be original: whereas if you simply try to tell the truth (without caring twopence how often it has been told before) you will, nine times out of ten, become original without ever having noticed it.;C. S. Lewis;truth
And we should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once. And we should call every truth false which was not accompanied by at least one laugh.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
There is another old poet whose name I do not now remember who said, 'Truth is the daughter of Time.';Abraham Lincoln;truth
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.;Winston Churchill;truth
He who knows nothing is closer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors.;Thomas Jefferson;truth
It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself.;Thomas Jefferson;truth
In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.;Winston Churchill;truth
When in doubt tell the truth.;Mark Twain;truth
Why shouldn't truth be stranger than fiction? Fiction, after all, has to make sense.;Mark Twain;truth
Truth is mighty and will prevail. There is nothing wrong with this, except that it ain't so.;Mark Twain;truth
Have the courage to say no. Have the courage to face the truth. Do the right thing because it is right. These are the magic keys to living your life with integrity.;W. Clement Stone;truth
All the religions of the world, while they may differ in other respects, unitedly proclaim that nothing lives in this world but Truth.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities. Truth isn't.;Mark Twain;truth
We occasionally stumble over the truth but most of us pick ourselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.;Winston Churchill;truth
Man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on.;Winston Churchill;truth
For Africa to me... is more than a glamorous fact. It is a historical truth. No man can know where he is going unless he knows exactly where he has been and exactly how he arrived at his present place.;Maya Angelou;truth
God, as Truth, has been for me a treasure beyond price. May He be so to every one of us.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
I was bold in the pursuit of knowledge, never fearing to follow truth and reason to whatever results they led, and bearding every authority which stood in their way.;Thomas Jefferson;truth
Ignorance is preferable to error, and he is less remote from the truth who believes nothing than he who believes what is wrong.;Thomas Jefferson;truth
Sex is full of lies. The body tries to tell the truth. But, it's usually too battered with rules to be heard, and bound with pretenses so it can hardly move. We cripple ourselves with lies.;Jim Morrison;truth
There is not a truth existing which I fear... or would wish unknown to the whole world.;Thomas Jefferson;truth
Truth is certainly a branch of morality and a very important one to society.;Thomas Jefferson;truth
In truth, politeness is artificial good humor, it covers the natural want of it, and ends by rendering habitual a substitute nearly equivalent to the real virtue.;Thomas Jefferson;truth
God is, even though the whole world deny him. Truth stands, even if there be no public support. It is self-sustained.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
Belief is a wise wager. Granted that faith cannot be proved, what harm will come to you if you gamble on its truth and it proves false? If you gain, you gain all if you lose, you lose nothing. Wager, then, without hesitation, that He exists.;Blaise Pascal;truth
Truth stands, even if there be no public support. It is self-sustained.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
We are not afraid to entrust the American people with unpleasant facts, foreign ideas, alien philosophies, and competitive values. For a nation that is afraid to let its people judge the truth and falsehood in an open market is a nation that is afraid of its people.;John F. Kennedy;truth
My way of joking is to tell the truth. That's the funniest joke in the world.;Muhammad Ali;truth
My religion is based on truth and non-violence. Truth is my God. Non-violence is the means of realising Him.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
I have nothing new to teach the world. Truth and Non-violence are as old as the hills. All I have done is to try experiments in both on as vast a scale as I could.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
When you are sorrowful look again in your heart, and you shall see that in truth you are weeping for that which has been your delight.;Khalil Gibran;truth
Truth never damages a cause that is just.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
Morality is the basis of things and truth is the substance of all morality.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
The pursuit of truth does not permit violence on one's opponent.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
I believe in the fundamental truth of all great religions of the world.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love.;Khalil Gibran;truth
Non-violence and truth are inseparable and presuppose one another.;Mahatma Gandhi;truth
Exaggeration is truth that has lost its temper.;Khalil Gibran;truth
A liar begins with making falsehood appear like truth, and ends with making truth itself appear like falsehood.;William Shenstone;truth
Speak the truth, do not yield to anger give, if thou art asked for little by these three steps thou wilt go near the gods.;Confucius;truth
The goal of education is the advancement of knowledge and the dissemination of truth.;John F. Kennedy;truth
We should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once. And we should call every truth false which was not accompanied by at least one laugh.;Friedrich Nietzsche;truth
