The beginning of a friendship, the fact that two people out of the thousands around them can meet and connect and become friends, seems like a kind of magic to me. But maintaining a friendship requires work. I don't mean that as a bad thing. Good art requires work as well.;Charles de Lint;friendship
Friendship has its illusions no less than love.;Stendhal;friendship
The dupe of friendship, and the fool of love have I not reason to hate and to despise myself? Indeed I do and chiefly for not having hated and despised the world enough.;William Hazlitt;friendship
Friendship is almost always the union of a part of one mind with the part of another people are friends in spots.;George Santayana;friendship
I understand by this passion the union of desire, friendship, and tenderness, which is inflamed by a single female, which prefers her to the rest of her sex, and which seeks her possession as the supreme or the sole happiness of our being.;Edward Gibbon;friendship
When two people first meet, they can only have a very ordinary kind of friendship. But when you begin to understand each other, when you get close to them, you discover that you're suddenly eager to know him or her even better.;Zhang Ziyi;friendship
There are no rules for friendship. It must be left to itself. We cannot force it any more than love.;William Hazlitt;friendship
She discovered with great delight that one does not love one's children just because they are one's children but because of the friendship formed while raising them.;Gabriel Garcia Marquez;friendship
All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon the sand.;Ella Wheeler Wilcox;friendship
One of the surest evidences of friendship that one individual can display to another is telling him gently of a fault. If any other can excel it, it is listening to such a disclosure with gratitude, and amending the error.;Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton;friendship
Sixth grade was a big time, in my childhood, of hoops and friendship, and coming up with funny things.;Adam Sandler;friendship
For prayer is nothing else than being on terms of friendship with God.;Saint Teresa of Avila;friendship
Friendship is a sheltering tree.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;friendship
Our scientific age demands that we provide definitions, measurements, and statistics in order to be taken seriously. Yet most of the important things in life cannot be precisely defined or measured. Can we define or measure love, beauty, friendship, or decency, for example?;Dennis Prager;friendship
Love between man and man is impossible because there must not be sexual intercourse and friendship between man and woman is impossible because there must be sexual intercourse.;James Joyce;friendship
I love life in spite of all that mars it. I love friendship, jokes and laughter.;Tahar Ben Jelloun;friendship
It must be remembered that the sea is a great breeder of friendship. Two men who have known each other for twenty years find that twenty days at sea bring them nearer than ever they were before, or else estrange them.;Gilbert Parker;friendship
Value your friendship. Value your relationships.;Barbara Bush;friendship
Friendship, of itself a holy tie, is made more sacred by adversity.;Charles Caleb Colton;friendship
Sweet is the scene where genial friendship plays the pleasing game of interchanging praise.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;friendship
As told in Friendship with God, if we simply decided to believe and act as if first, we're all one, and second, life is eternal, it would render virtually everything we've done all our lives pointless.;Neale Donald Walsch;friendship
I think in friendship, you want to be there for your friend, and sometimes you just don't know what to do or the relationship you have with them is not clear enough for you to know what to do.;Marion Cotillard;friendship
Show me a genuine case of platonic friendship, and I shall show you two old or homely faces.;Austin O'Malley;friendship
Friendship is also about liking a person for their failings, their weakness. It's also about mutual help, not about exploitation.;Paul Theroux;friendship
Pity and friendship are two passions incompatible with each other.;Oliver Goldsmith;friendship
I think the way to keep a friendship is to respect that everybody is different.;Emma Bunton;friendship
I have lost my seven best friends, which is to say God has had mercy on me seven times without realizing it. He lent a friendship, took it from me, sent me another.;Jean Cocteau;friendship
Your experiences will be yours alone. But truth and best friendship will rarely if ever disappoint you.;Anne Lamott;friendship
Before the flowers of friendship faded friendship faded.;Gertrude Stein;friendship
It is wise to apply the oil of refined politeness to the mechanism of friendship.;Sidonie Gabrielle Colette;friendship
Marriage is the highest state of friendship. If happy, it lessens our cares by dividing them, at the same time that it doubles our pleasures by mutual participation.;Samuel Richardson;friendship
When the world is so complicated, the simple gift of friendship is within all of our hands.;Maria Shriver;friendship
If we would build on a sure foundation in friendship, we must love friends for their sake rather than for our own.;Charlotte Bronte;friendship
Friendship always benefits love sometimes injures.;Seneca;friendship
Friendship is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.;Plautus;friendship
The rare few, who, early in life have rid themselves of the friendship of the many.;James Whistler;friendship
Friendship's the wine of life: but friendship new... is neither strong nor pure.;Edward Young;friendship
Time makes friendship stronger, but love weaker.;Jean de la Bruyere;friendship
Love and friendship exclude each other.;Jean de la Bruyere;friendship
Happiness is understanding that friendship is more precious than mere things, more precious than getting your own way, more precious than being in situations where true principles are not at stake.;J. Donald Walters;friendship
A lot of the powerful religious leaders, from Jesus to Buddha to Tibetan monks, they're really talking about the same things: love and acceptable, and the value of friendship, and respecting yourself so you can respect others.;Jena Malone;friendship
Read as you taste fruit or savor wine, or enjoy friendship, love or life.;George Herbert;friendship
Accountability in friendship is the equivalent of love without strategy.;Anita Brookner;friendship
Love is like the wild rose-briar Friendship like the holly-tree. The holly is dark when the rose-briar blooms, but which will bloom most constantly?;Emily Bronte;friendship
My inspiration are the woman, friendship, and loneliness.;Enrique Iglesias;friendship
Love is rarer than genius itself. And friendship is rarer than love.;Charles Peguy;friendship
I keep my friends as misers do their treasure, because, of all the things granted us by wisdom, none is greater or better than friendship.;Pietro Aretino;friendship
Love is flower like Friendship is like a sheltering tree.;Samuel Taylor Coleridge;friendship
Suspicion is the cancer of friendship.;Petrarch;friendship
The differences between friends cannot but reinforce their friendship.;Mao Zedong;friendship
Success always necessitates a degree of ruthlessness. Given the choice of friendship or success, I'd probably choose success.;Sting;friendship
Aristotle uses a mother's love for her child as the prime example of love or friendship.;Mortimer Adler;friendship
Conjugal love, or the friendship of spouses, can persist even after sexual desires have weakened, withered, and disappeared.;Mortimer Adler;friendship
Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of leisure activity.;Mortimer Adler;friendship
All who consult on doubtful matters, should be void of hatred, friendship, anger, and pity.;Sallust;friendship
I'm single, footloose and fancy free, I have no responsibilities, no anchors. Work, friendship and self-improvement, that's me.;Joel Edgerton;friendship
One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention.;Clifton Paul Fadiman;friendship
We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy.;Arthur Ashe;friendship
You've got to reach a hand of friendship across the aisle and across philosophies in this country.;Joe Biden;friendship
When friendship disappears then there is a space left open to that awful loneliness of the outside world which is like the cold space between the planets. It is an air in which men perish utterly.;Hilaire Belloc;friendship
Secrecy is the chastity of friendship.;Jeremy Taylor;friendship
To like and dislike the same things, this is what makes a solid friendship.;Sallust;friendship
The firmest friendship is based on an identity of likes and dislikes.;Sallust;friendship
Friendship without self-interest is one of the rare and beautiful things of life.;James F. Byrnes;friendship
I force people to have coffee with me, just because I don't trust that a friendship can be maintained without any other senses besides a computer or cellphone screen.;John Cusack;friendship
Friendship is mutual blackmail elevated to the level of love.;Robin Morgan;friendship
I've got some great guy friends. They can start out as crushes. But when you realize something isn't going to happen, you make a choice whether or not the friendship is worth it. And it usually is. Then you can laugh about the fact that you used to have a crush on him or he had one on you.;Courteney Cox;friendship
Friendship is a wildly underrated medication.;Anna Deavere Smith;friendship
Meg Ryan is a beautiful and courageous woman. I grieve the loss of her companionship but I've not lost the friendship. We talk all the time and that was what our connection was about. She has a wonderful mind and we just like a chat.;Russell Crowe;friendship
Great is the victory, but the friendship of all is greater.;Emil Zatopek;friendship
It may be a cold, clammy thing to say, but those that treat friendship the same as any other selfishness seem to get the most out of it.;E. W. Howe;friendship
The little trouble in the world that is not due to love is due to friendship.;E. W. Howe;friendship
A friendship like love is warm a love like friendship is steady.;Thomas More;friendship
Friendship is a strong and habitual inclination in two persons to promote the good and happiness of one another.;Eustace Budgell;friendship
Friendship based solely upon gratitude is like a photograph with time it fades.;Carmen Sylva;friendship
Friendship is the golden thread that ties the heart of all the world.;John Evelyn;friendship
Friendship is a word, the very sight of which in print makes the heart warm.;Augustine Birrell;friendship
Friendship is an arrangement by which we undertake to exchange small favors for big ones.;Charles de Montesquieu;friendship
Some people are willing to betray years of friendship just to get a little bit of the spotlight.;Lauren Conrad;friendship
I hope to continue my friendship with France and its filmmakers for many years to come.;Harvey Weinstein;friendship
I'm calling my book series the 'with God series.' And this next 'with God' book is Friendship with God, which comes out in November. This books challenges us to bring about the end of 'better' on this planet.;Neale Donald Walsch;friendship
The second one, the joint Truth and Friendship Commission, which we started now with Indonesia, that is the one that has been criticized its terms of reference call for providing amnesty for those who cooperate in telling the truth. It does not lead to prosecution.;Jose Ramos-Horta;friendship
Because most people are not sufficiently employed in themselves, they run about loose, hungering for employment, and satisfy themselves in various supererogatory occupations. The easiest of these occupations, which have all to do with making things already made, is the making of people: it is called the art of friendship.;Laura Riding;friendship
Sincere friendship towards God, in all who believe him to be properly an intelligent, willing being, does most apparently, directly, and strongly incline to prayer and it no less disposes the heart strongly to desire to have our infinitely glorious.;Jonathan Edwards;friendship
From an early age I didn't buy into the value systems of working hard in a nine-to-five job. I thought creativity, friendship and loyalty and pushing the boundaries of what was acceptable was much more interesting.;Adam Clayton;friendship
My second husband believed I had such a fickle attitude to friendship that each Friday he would update the list of my 'Top Ten' friends in the manner of a Top Of The Pops chart countdown.;Julie Burchill;friendship
I would be willing to do almost anything to make Art happy. I care about our friendship. The only thing I won't do is change the essence of my work.;Paul Simon;friendship
Look, I worked with American Republican presidents and Democratic presidents, all of them, and each of them has shown a deep and profound friendship to Israel, you know? I can't remember anybody who was in that sense negative as far as Israel is concerned.;Shimon Peres;friendship
Why do we go around acting as though everything was friendship and reliability when basically everything everywhere is full of sudden hate and ugliness?;Anna Freud;friendship
The most deadly fruit is borne by the hatred which one grafts on an extinguished friendship.;Gotthold Ephraim Lessing;friendship
Came but for friendship, and took away love.;Thomas Moore;friendship
Love and esteem are the first principles of friendship it is always imperfect if either of these two are wanting.;Eustace Budgell;friendship
Friendship is a disinterested commerce between equals love, an abject intercourse between tyrants and slaves.;Oliver Goldsmith;friendship
Madam, I have been looking for a person who disliked gravy all my life let us swear eternal friendship.;Sydney Smith;friendship
Friendship! Mysterious cement of the soul, Sweet'ner of life, and solder of society.;Robert Blair;friendship
Friendship is one of the most tangible things in a world which offers fewer and fewer supports.;Kenneth Branagh;friendship
The steady discipline of intimate friendship with Jesus results in men becoming like Him.;Harry Emerson Fosdick;friendship
I didn't like England. I couldn't take the look of the place or the style of friendship. I need more intimacy from people than is considered okay there, and I felt that my personality and my enthusiasms weren't understood. I had to put a big lid on myself.;Jane Campion;friendship
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character.;Charles Eastman;friendship
