Be true to your work, your word, and your friend.;Henry David Thoreau;friendship
There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.;Thomas Aquinas;friendship
Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.;Jean de La Fontaine;friendship
When you choose your friends, don't be short-changed by choosing personality over character.;W. Somerset Maugham;friendship
The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you.;Elbert Hubbard;friendship
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship.;John D. Rockefeller;friendship
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.;Henry David Thoreau;friendship
An excellent man he has no enemies and none of his friends like him.;Oscar Wilde;friendship
Be slow to fall into friendship but when thou art in, continue firm and constant.;Socrates;friendship
Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack. Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces.;Anne Morrow Lindbergh;friendship
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.;Aristotle;friendship
It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them.;Confucius;friendship
It's the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter.;Marlene Dietrich;friendship
The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend.;Henry David Thoreau;friendship
Friends... they cherish one another's hopes. They are kind to one another's dreams.;Henry David Thoreau;friendship
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world.;Thomas A. Edison;friendship
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one.;Oscar Wilde;friendship
You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job.;Laurence J. Peter;friendship
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends.;Oscar Wilde;friendship
A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;friendship
Love is blind friendship closes its eyes.;Friedrich Nietzsche;friendship
A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature.;Ralph Waldo Emerson;friendship
If it's very painful for you to criticize your friends - you're safe in doing it. But if you take the slightest pleasure in it, that's the time to hold your tongue.;Alice Duer Miller;friendship
True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance.;Henry David Thoreau;friendship
Never make friends with people who are above or below you in status. Such friendships will never give you any happiness.;Chanakya;friendship
The world is round so that friendship may encircle it.;Pierre Teilhard de Chardin;friendship
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.;Henry Ford;friendship
What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies.;Aristotle;friendship
Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing.;Benjamin Franklin;friendship
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.;Hubert H. Humphrey;friendship
He who hath many friends hath none.;Aristotle;friendship
There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first when you learn to live for others, they will live for you.;Paramahansa Yogananda;friendship
Silences make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying but the never needing to say is what counts.;Margaret Lee Runbeck;friendship
Nothing but heaven itself is better than a friend who is really a friend.;Plautus;friendship
Our friends interpret the world and ourselves to us, if we take them tenderly and truly.;Amos Bronson Alcott;friendship
Let there be no purpose in friendship save the deepening of the spirit.;Khalil Gibran;friendship
A friend is one who walks in when others walk out.;Walter Winchell;friendship
Never contract friendship with a man that is not better than thyself.;Confucius;friendship
The sincere friends of this world are as ship lights in the stormiest of nights.;Giotto di Bondone;friendship
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth.;Chanakya;friendship
She is a friend of mind. She gather me, man. The pieces I am, she gather them and give them back to me in all the right order. It's good, you know, when you got a woman who is a friend of your mind.;Toni Morrison;friendship
Rejoicing in our joy, not suffering over our suffering, makes someone a friend.;Friedrich Nietzsche;friendship
Friendship and money: oil and water.;Mario Puzo;friendship
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!;Doug Larson;friendship
If you have one true friend you have more than your share.;Thomas Fuller;friendship
A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and that which we take the least care of all to acquire.;Francois de La Rochefoucauld;friendship
We call that person who has lost his father, an orphan and a widower that man who has lost his wife. But that man who has known the immense unhappiness of losing a friend, by what name do we call him? Here every language is silent and holds its peace in impotence.;Joseph Roux;friendship
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship.;Saint Francis de Sales;friendship
Lovers have a right to betray you... friends don't.;Judy Holliday;friendship
No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.;Alice Walker;friendship
I always felt that the great high privilege, relief and comfort of friendship was that one had to explain nothing.;Katherine Mansfield;friendship
Friendship is one mind in two bodies.;Mencius;friendship
A man cannot be said to succeed in this life who does not satisfy one friend.;Henry David Thoreau;friendship
It takes a long time to grow an old friend.;John Leonard;friendship
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help.;Epicurus;friendship
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over.;Octavia Butler;friendship
If instead of a gem, or even a flower, we should cast the gift of a loving thought into the heart of a friend, that would be giving as the angels give.;George MacDonald;friendship
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.;Baltasar Gracian;friendship
But friendship is the breathing rose, with sweets in every fold.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;friendship
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.;Jane Austen;friendship
Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends.;Shirley MacLaine;friendship
To avoid being mistaken for a sellout, I chose my friends carefully. The more politically active black students. The foreign students. The Chicanos. The Marxist professors and structural feminists and punk-rock performance poets.;Barack Obama;friendship
Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness.;Dag Hammarskjold;friendship
A man's friendships are one of the best measures of his worth.;Charles Darwin;friendship
A friend is, as it were, a second self.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;friendship
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins.;Charles Alexander Eastman;friendship
I have learned that to be with those I like is enough.;Walt Whitman;friendship
Some people go to priests others to poetry I to my friends.;Virginia Woolf;friendship
The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship.;William Blake;friendship
As iron sharpens iron, so a friend sharpens a friend.;King Solomon;friendship
Yes'm, old friends is always best, 'less you can catch a new one that's fit to make an old one out of.;Sarah Orne Jewett;friendship
It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not.;Mignon McLaughlin;friendship
Without wearing any mask we are conscious of, we have a special face for each friend.;Oliver Wendell Holmes;friendship
Never have a companion that casts you in the shade.;Baltasar Gracian;friendship
The real test of friendship is: can you literally do nothing with the other person? Can you enjoy those moments of life that are utterly simple?;Eugene Kennedy;friendship
Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief.;Marcus Tullius Cicero;friendship
Since there is nothing so well worth having as friends, never lose a chance to make them.;Francesco Guicciardini;friendship
Cherish your human connections: your relationships with friends and family.;Joseph Brodsky;friendship
Sweet is the memory of distant friends! Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart.;Washington Irving;friendship
Life has no blessing like a prudent friend.;Euripides;friendship
Love demands infinitely less than friendship.;George Jean Nathan;friendship
Many a person has held close, throughout their entire lives, two friends that always remained strange to one another, because one of them attracted by virtue of similarity, the other by difference.;Emil Ludwig;friendship
Friendship at first sight, like love at first sight, is said to be the only truth.;Herman Melville;friendship
All you need to do to be my friend is like me.;Taylor Swift;friendship
Friends are born, not made.;Henry Adams;friendship
Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that he is superior to the other.;Honore de Balzac;friendship
There is no friend like an old friend who has shared our morning days, no greeting like his welcome, no homage like his praise.;Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.;friendship
One's friends are that part of the human race with which one can be human.;George Santayana;friendship
It seems to me that trying to live without friends is like milking a bear to get cream for your morning coffee. It is a whole lot of trouble, and then not worth much after you get it.;Zora Neale Hurston;friendship
When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it.;E. W. Howe;friendship
Instead of loving your enemies - treat your friends a little better.;E. W. Howe;friendship
Mighty proud I am that I am able to have a spare bed for my friends.;Samuel Pepys;friendship
The best time to make friends is before you need them.;Ethel Barrymore;friendship
That friendship will not continue to the end which is begun for an end.;Francis Quarles;friendship
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.;Bruce Lee;friendship
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.;Orson Welles;friendship
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.;Khalil Gibran;friendship
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.;Friedrich Nietzsche;friendship
Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friendship.;Oscar Wilde;friendship
