The idea that happiness could have a share in beauty would be too much of a good thing.;Walter Benjamin;happiness
Getting pregnant wasn't easy, and I found that devastating. I really beat myself up for waiting so long when I'd always wanted children and family had been the basis of my happiness my whole life.;Emily Procter;happiness
I get way too much happiness from good food.;Elizabeth Olsen;happiness
The secret of happiness is the determination to be happy always, rather than wait for outer circumstances to make one happy.;J. Donald Walters;happiness
Man must search for what is right, and let happiness come on its own.;Johann Pestalozzi;happiness
Musicians are probably the most uncomfortable people in themselves in the world. Happiness, I think, only exists when you're a child and once you go past 11, unfortunately it's gone.;Andrea Corr;happiness
We learn the inner secret of happiness when we learn to direct our inner drives, our interest and our attention to something besides ourselves.;Ethel Percy Andrus;happiness
You do the right thing even if it makes you feel bad. The purpose of life is not to be happy but to be worthy of happiness.;Tracy Kidder;happiness
It's not attractive when girls get superskinny. Guys don't like it. Girls don't like you as much. You lose some happiness when that's all you think about.;Hilary Duff;happiness
My mum brought me up to think that personal happiness is more important than your family.;Gail Porter;happiness
I think my capacity to change has given me tremendous happiness, because who I am today I am completely content to be.;Jamie Lee Curtis;happiness
I have to keep reminding myself: If you give your life to God, he doesn't promise you happiness and that everything will go well. But he does promise you peace. You can have peace and joy, even in bad circumstances.;Patricia Heaton;happiness
The happiness of every country depends upon the character of its people, rather than the form of its government.;Thomas Chandler Haliburton;happiness
The older I get, the more I see that there really aren't huge zeniths of happiness or a huge abyss of darkness as much as there used to be. I tend to walk a middle ground.;Paula Cole;happiness
I find that the older I get, the more I see that there really aren't huge zeniths of happiness or a huge abyss of darkness as much as there used to be.;Paula Cole;happiness
Some days are just bad days, that's all. You have to experience sadness to know happiness, and I remind myself that not every day is going to be a good day, that's just the way it is!;Dita Von Teese;happiness
Money is not necessarily, although it helps a lot for happiness, it's not necessarily the best way to be happy, to be rich, you know.;Eric Ripert;happiness
For me, however, that beloved, glowing little word happiness has become associated with everything I have felt since childhood upon hearing the sound of the word itself.;Herman Hesse;happiness
Nevertheless, whether in occurrences lasting days, hours or mere minutes at a time, I have experienced happiness often, and have had brief encounters with it in my later years, even in old age.;Herman Hesse;happiness
Fame is indeed beautiful and benign and gentle and satisfying, but happiness is something at once tender and brilliant beyond all things.;Mary MacLane;happiness
I want fame more than I can tell. But more than I want fame I want happiness.;Mary MacLane;happiness
If happiness truly consisted in physical ease and freedom from care, then the happiest individual would not be either a man or a woman it would be, I think, an American cow.;William Lyon Phelps;happiness
Happiness is no laughing matter.;Richard Whately;happiness
I come before you to declare that my sex are entitled to the inalienable right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.;Victoria Woodhull;happiness
The house a woman creates is a Utopia. She can't help it - can't help trying to interest her nearest and dearest not in happiness itself but in the search for it.;Marguerite Duras;happiness
Now an infinite happiness cannot be purchased by any price less than that which is infinite in value and infinity of merit can only result from a nature that is infinitely divine or perfect.;Adam Clarke;happiness
The free market economy is supposed to be the only path leading to the happiness of humanity by promoting wealth and prosperity, power and influence of nations.;Omar Bongo;happiness
So, after awhile, you can only get so much happiness from a guy who's drunk come up and tell you you're great.;Rick Derringer;happiness
The inspired Scriptures make the clear distinction between false and true riches and make plain the reason why happiness is gained and fully enjoyed only by those who find true riches.;Joseph Franklin Rutherford;happiness
Friends have suggested that I am the least qualified person to talk about happiness, because I am often down, and sometimes profoundly depressed. But I think that's where my qualification comes from. Because to know happiness, it helps to know unhappiness.;Alastair Campbell;happiness
By asking the question 'Am I happy?,' and via the answer setting out what I mean by happiness, there is a political route that can be taken, by asking another question - 'Can politics deliver happiness, and should it try?';Alastair Campbell;happiness
So here is one of my theories on happiness: we cannot know if we have lived a truly happy life until the very end. This view of life and death was reinforced by my close witnessing of the buildup to the death of Philip Gould. Philip was without doubt my closest friend in politics. When he died, I felt like I had lost a limb.;Alastair Campbell;happiness
Yes, women, and men, have to be open to love, because if we're not open then there's no way for us to find happiness. But you can be open to it and still have no control over when it's going to happen.;Debra Messing;happiness
So I started chanting when I was nineteen, which was about twelve years ago, and it really had a huge impact on my outlook, happiness, and general creativity.;Duncan Sheik;happiness
This is true enough, but success is the next best thing to happiness, and if you can't be happy as a success, it's very unlikely that you would find a deeper, truer happiness in failure.;Michael Korda;happiness
Every man hath a general desire of his own happiness and likewise a variety of particular affections, passions, and appetites to particular external objects.;Joseph Butler;happiness
Happiness or satisfaction consists only in the enjoyment of those objects which are by nature suited to our several particular appetites, passions, and affections.;Joseph Butler;happiness
The principle we call self-love never seeks anything external for the sake of the thing, but only as a means of happiness or good: particular affections rest in the external things themselves.;Joseph Butler;happiness
The sum of the whole is plainly this: The nature of man considered in his single capacity, and with respect only to the present world, is adapted and leads him to attain the greatest happiness he can for himself in the present world.;Joseph Butler;happiness
My parents were not very happy. They were very worried about me pursuing a career that even if I had talent might not give me the happiness and the success that they - any parent hopes for their child.;Emmylou Harris;happiness
Some of us learned in a school of philosophy which taught that all was for the common good and nothing for oneself and have never, in any case, regarded the pursuit of happiness as anything other than an aberration of the human spirit.;John Grierson;happiness
I think essentially the meaning of life is probably the journey and not really any one thing or an outcome or a result. I think it's kinda the process and I think that if you can find happiness in the process then maybe that's it.;Charisma Carpenter;happiness
Happiness does not come from football awards. It's terrible to correlate happiness with football. Happiness comes from a good job, being able to feed your wife and kids. I don't dream football, I dream the American dream - two cars in a garage, be a happy father.;Barry Sanders;happiness
I've had a good life. Enough happiness, enough success.;Michael Landon;happiness
The independence of all political and other bother is a happiness.;Rutherford B. Hayes;happiness
To have the sense of creative activity is the great happiness and the great proof of being alive.;Matthew Arnold;happiness
Only one thing has to change for us to know happiness in our lives: where we focus our attention.;Greg Anderson;happiness
Happiness is making your dreams come true.;Jourdan Dunn;happiness
Individuality is the aim of political liberty. By leaving the citizen as much freedom of action and of being as comports with order and the rights of others, the institutions render him truly a freeman. He is left to pursue his means of happiness in his own manner.;James F. Cooper;happiness
I just hope I can spread some of the happiness that's been coming my way.;Kenny Rogers;happiness
Money brings some happiness. But after a certain point, it just brings more money.;Neil Simon;happiness
I think government has a major role to play in helping us with the pursuit of happiness.;William Weld;happiness
Sadness is a very interesting idea, this idea of sadness being some kind of default setting that artists will go into. And then I started thinking about this idea of sadness and happiness, and the idea that sadness is very loud, and happiness is quiet.;Glen Hansard;happiness
Happiness is like a cat, If you try to coax it or call it, it will avoid you it will never come. But if you pay not attention to it and go about your business, you'll find it rubbing against your legs and jumping into your lap.;William Bennett;happiness
Happiness is not that easy to achieve, but having a handsome husband, a beautiful baby, and a great job helps.;Ellen Pompeo;happiness
To me, the most important thing is happiness.;Sheryl Swoopes;happiness
The music is the message, the message is the music. So that's my little ministry that the Big Man upstairs gave to me - a little ministry called love and happiness.;Al Green;happiness
The life and liberty and property and happiness of the common man throughout the world are at the absolute mercy of a few persons whom he has never seen, involved in complicated quarrels that he has never heard of.;Gilbert Murray;happiness
It's obvious, but perhaps worth saying, that happiness has virtually nothing to do with the state of your intellect.;Daniel Keys Moran;happiness
One of my producers said this business is like a hamster on that little wheel thing that goes around and around. You may have a great day and get great ratings, but then you've got another show to do - whatever moment of success or happiness you have you've got to keep grinding it out for the next day.;Sean Hannity;happiness
The arts are weapons of understanding and weapons of happiness.;Richard Eyre;happiness
I envy the happiness of others... I envy the sense of belonging... I seem always to be remaking myself.;Richard Eyre;happiness
I believe there is a relationship between having an interest in the arts and the behaviour of society as a whole. Some politicians find it difficult that the arts is a weapon of happiness... Politics is often about deprivation rather than the opening up of ideas and nourishing creative endeavour.;Richard Eyre;happiness
To seduce a woman famous for strict morals, religious fervor and the happiness of her marriage: what could possibly be more prestigious?;Christopher Hampton;happiness
Many a happiness in life, as many a disaster, can be due to chance, but the peace within us can never be governed by chance.;Maurice Maeterlinck;happiness
Happiness is rarely absent it is we that know not of its presence.;Maurice Maeterlinck;happiness
The object of government in peace and in war is not the glory of rulers or of races, but the happiness of common man.;William Beveridge;happiness
Mystery is gone to the certainty of technological principles. So the real terror, the real aggression against life comes in the form of the pursuit of our technological happiness.;Godfrey Reggio;happiness
The arrival of any child brings you a lot of happiness.;Seal;happiness
We have a long heritage of freedom that defines America. We believe there is a Creator who blessed us with life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.;Todd Akin;happiness
In securing the future of the planet, we secure happiness for ourselves. One of the aims of the Greens is to turn around the tide of pessimism amongst the young people of the world.;Bob Brown;happiness
But if you believe in Christ and that your main goal with your life is supposed to be to honor Him and do His will, then you don't have as much pressure as someone who bases all their happiness on whether they're a movie star.;Victoria Jackson;happiness
I think people should know more of Africa in terms of its joie de vivre, its feeling for life. In spite of the images that one knows about Africa - the economic poverty, the corruption - there's a joy to living and a happiness in community, living together, in community life, which may be missing here in America.;Youssou N'Dour;happiness
The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose.;John Mason Brown;happiness
Happiness is the absence of suffering. I think it's an interesting way of looking at it. I think the absence of suffering exists very rarely in the world we live in.;Julie Christie;happiness
I am deeply grateful for the concern of all those who constantly prayed for my happiness.;Princess Margaret;happiness
Eventually, we reach the point where we start to realize that we are not going to find peace, contentment, happiness, strength, fearlessness - all of the things that in our heart of hearts we wish we had - outside of us.;Guy Finley;happiness
Happiness for me is getting to write about the most important things I know.;Richard Ford;happiness
My biography of Frank Sinatra is not paean to his music but rather an illumination of the man behind the music, who once described himself as 'an 18-karat manic-depressive who lived a life of violent emotional contradictions with an over-acute capacity for sadness as well as happiness.';Kitty Kelley;happiness
Bring love and peace and happiness and beautiful lives into the world in my honor. Thank you. Love you.;Aron Ralston;happiness
There's a higher form of happiness in commitment. I'm counting on it.;Claire Forlani;happiness
First and foremost, you've got to make yourself happy. Essentially being who you are is the most important thing. When you're after truth, happiness always comes.;Nadia Giosia;happiness
You know, American citizens, I don't think, ever thought that the right to the pursuit of happiness did not include the right to marry the person you love. But for a whole number of Americans, gay Americans, that happens to be true.;Andrew Sullivan;happiness
According to your sympathy, you will take pleasure in your own happiness or in the happiness of other people but it is always your own happiness you seek.;John Buchanan Robinson;happiness
Fashion is all about happiness. It's fun. It's important. But it's not medicine.;Donatella Versace;happiness
I've had at least my share of tragedy, but I have had far more than my share of happiness.;Pierre Salinger;happiness
For my part, I do not feel that the scheme of future happiness, which ought by rights to be in preparation for me, will be at all interfered with by my not meeting again the man I have in my. mind.;James Payn;happiness
Happiness has a bad rap. People say it shouldn't be your goal in life. Oh, yes it should.;Richard Dreyfuss;happiness
More company increases happiness, but does not lighten or diminish misery.;Thomas Traherne;happiness
Happiness was not made to be boasted, but enjoyed. Therefore tho others count me miserable, I will not believe them if I know and feel myself to be happy nor fear them.;Thomas Traherne;happiness
To think the world therefore a general Bedlam, or place of madmen, and oneself a physician, is the most necessary point of present wisdom: an important imagination, and the way to happiness.;Thomas Traherne;happiness
But it is my happiness to be half Welsh, and that the better half.;Richard Cobden;happiness
We need fundamental change. In the past, national development led to people's happiness but now the link between national growth and improvement in people's lives has been severed.;Park Geun-hye;happiness
Time the great destroyer of other men's happiness, only enlarges the patrimony of literature to its possessor.;Isaac D'Israeli;happiness
There is no dramatic difference in happiness on the part of people who are wealthy.;Deborah Norville;happiness
Well, my thoughts about California are kind of mythological. To me, as well as being a real place, it's a place where people go to find something - to find happiness or to realize their dreams. So it has that kind of quality of heroism and heartache, and Australia has that, as well.;Colin Hay;happiness
I used to wonder if it was God's plan that I should be alone for so much of my life. But I found peace. I found happiness within people and the world.;Lana Del Rey;happiness
The lesson I have thoroughly learnt, and wish to pass on to others, is to know the enduring happiness that the love of a garden gives.;Gertrude Jekyll;happiness
Politics are beautiful. They enable a community to live collectively with one another. It's not about stabbing each other in the back it's about enabling people to reach their dreams and pursue happiness.;Ben Nicholson;happiness
