When my son was born, and after a day of lying-in I was told that I could leave the hospital and take him home, I burst into tears. It wasn't the emotion of the moment: it was shock and horror.;Susan Orlean;home
I work at home, in the country, and days will go by when, except for my husband and son and the occasional UPS man, the only sentient creatures that see me are my chickens and turkeys.;Susan Orlean;home
A recent Pew Hispanic survey found that more than 70 percent of illegal immigrants from Mexico are interested in a guest-worker program and then returning home.;John Shadegg;home
I grew up in an abusive home and was told on a daily basis by my father that I would never amount to anything and that I looked like a boy.;Janice Dickinson;home
I'm still living the life where you get home and open the fridge and there's half a pot of yogurt and a half a can of flat Coca-Cola.;Alan Rickman;home
The schools would fail through their silence, the Church through its forgiveness, and the home through the denial and silence of the parents. The new generation has to hear what the older generation refuses to tell it.;Simon Wiesenthal;home
Proper school nutrition must be complemented by activities outside of the cafeteria. The decisions parents make to keep their kids healthy are critical in fighting this battle on the home front.;Tom Vilsack;home
Don't corral me, and I'll always come home. Just let me go out and play during the day.;Sandra Bullock;home
I had a blast doing the Warped Tour, but it's good to be home, for sure.;Joan Jett;home
He may be president, but he still comes home and swipes my socks.;Joseph P. Kennedy;home
At home I'm just a guy who has interests that extend far beyond music.;Layne Staley;home
The quest for peace begins in the home, in the school and in the workplace.;Silvia Cartwright;home
If you're the type of person who has to fulfill your dreams, you've gotta be resourceful to make sure you can do it. I came out to California when I was 21, thinking my New York credentials would take me all the way. I came back home a year later all dejected and a failure.;Vin Diesel;home
A happy home is one in which each spouse grants the possibility that the other may be right, though neither believes it.;Don Fraser;home
The only way you can have it all is by delegating all the running of the home to other people - which I don't ever want to do... So you do it yourself, and it takes time and energy and effort. And if you give it the time, it's profoundly enjoyable.;Emma Thompson;home
We call our country home of the brave and land of the free, but it's not. We give a false portrayal of freedom. We're not free - if we were, we'd allow people their freedom.;Jesse Ventura;home
Censorship, like charity, should begin at home, but, unlike charity, it should end there.;Clare Boothe Luce;home
There's no real preparing at home for stand-up. You just go and you just do it.;Louis C. K.;home
I noted that people are happy here in India. When I went back home, people had everything in the materialistic sense and were surrounded with abundance, but they were not happy.;Goldie Hawn;home
I'll be here in my home with three big screens. I'll be watching three games at a time, and when they're over, I'll look at three more.;Hayden Fry;home
Just that working with Clint again is like coming home.;Morgan Freeman;home
Sub-Saharan Africa is also home to 400 million of the world's poorest people.;Bono;home
I like to stay at home and make cinema in my head.;Eric Cantona;home
Working in an office with an array of electronic devices is like trying to get something done at home with half a dozen small children around. The calls for attention are constant.;Marilyn vos Savant;home
I maintain the rather old-fashioned view that this is my work and it's in the public arena, but that doesn't entitle everyone to know what happened at home before coming here.;Francesca Annis;home
After all my various relationships I find myself now home alone.;Francesca Annis;home
Buy with your heart, not your head. You can look at all the aspects that make a purchase practical, but that kind of thinking makes it an investment rather than a home.;Barbara Corcoran;home
And, you know, you try and preach to them there's more to this game than just walking up to home plate, swinging the bat, fielding a ground ball. There's some dedication in it, some love you've got to put into this work.;Eddie Murray;home
Although I have lived in London, I have never really considered London my home because it was always going to be a stopping-off point for me, and it has been too.;Annie Lennox;home
You can be true to the character all you want but you've got to go home with yourself.;Julia Roberts;home
It's not a bad thing for a writer not to feel at home. Writers - we're much more comfortable at parties standing in the corner watching everybody else having a good time than we are mingling.;Neil Gaiman;home
Your home is regarded as a model home, your life as a model life. But all this splendor, and you along with it... it's just as though it were built upon a shifting quagmire. A moment may come, a word can be spoken, and both you and all this splendor will collapse.;Henrik Ibsen;home
I never would have given up my work to stay home.;Shirley MacLaine;home
I'm an afternoon tea type of girl. I come from a Russian background where we love our teas. So between lunch and dinner after training I come home and I love a nice cup of tea with jam in it, as we drink it there. Black English Breakfast with raspberry jam is my favorite.;Maria Sharapova;home
A minister has to be able to read a clock. At noon, it's time to go home and turn up the pot roast and get the peas out of the freezer.;Garrison Keillor;home
I actually do think you're seeing this trend towards organizations just caring more about their brand and engaging. And so I think Home Depot will want to humanize itself. I think that's a lot of why companies are starting blogs, are just giving more insight into what's going on with them.;Mark Zuckerberg;home
I believe my woman shouldn't work outside the home.;Oliver Reed;home
When I come home and I'm tired from filming all day, I expect her to be there and make sure everything is cool for me. You know, like drawing my bath and helping me into bed.;Oliver Reed;home
I could lie and say my wife cooks for me, but she doesn't. My wife has never learnt cooking but she has great cooks at home.;Shahrukh Khan;home
I can't imagine dating a boy, meeting him only outside the home. What's a home and family for if it's not the center of one's life?;Loretta Young;home
Those who were cowards never started, and those who were weak were lost on the way, but the brave find a home in every land.;Walter Knott;home
I want to go home at night and feel discomfort.;Nicole Kidman;home
I think they quite like me when I work because I'm one of the safer directors to back, because even if my films don't bring their costs in back home, once they're shown outside of India they manage to cover the costs.;Satyajit Ray;home
If you got a good imagination, a lot of confidence and you kind of know what you are saying, then you might be able to do it. I know a lot of colorful characters at home that would make great actors.;Jason Statham;home
If you don't quit, and don't cheat, and don't run home when trouble arrives, you can only win.;Shelley Long;home
I am a perfectionist but I know how to live life. When I'm working, it's 100%. When I'm with my friends, I put everything away and enjoy life. When I come home to my kids, it's pure joy and everything's worth it. Every time, I really focus 100 percent on one thing. I've learned how to juggle my life and I feel like now I have the perfect balance.;Monique Lhuillier;home
When I started editing on my home computer, I said to myself, 'Well, I could be at home studying for a class or I could be at home editing a video.';Joseph Gordon-Levitt;home
If you don't have public hangings for bad culture in a company, if you don't take people out and let them say, they went home to spend more time with the family. It's crazy.;Jack Welch;home
I'm actually graduating early. I got a lot of work done already. Being home schooled, I have had a lot of tutors help me.;Miley Cyrus;home
I'm actually a pretty decent human being, and when I'm home I'm straight as an arrow.;Kid Rock;home
I came here in 1974 to do a play, and then I went to L.A. I really like living in America. I feel more at home here than anywhere else.;Anthony Hopkins;home
In the theatre, people talk. Talk, talk until the cows come home about journeys of discovery and about what Hazlitt thought of a line of Shakespeare. I can't stand it.;Anthony Hopkins;home
Ancient recipients of instant news probably couldn't do very much about it, for instance. Xerxes would still need three months to get his army together, and he might not get home for years.;Peter Singer;home
Prescott National Forest is right on the edge of my home in Arizona.;Maynard James Keenan;home
I miss England. I miss the weather. I've spent moss of the last 25 years on tour. I'm ready to come home.;Sting;home
Family life was wonderful. The streets were bleak. The playgrounds were bleak. But home was always warm. My mother and father had a great relationship. I always felt 'safe' there.;Robert Cormier;home
I still watch 'Idol,' and it's still the No. 1 show, so obviously I'm not the only one who loves to sit at home and be entertained.;Kelly Clarkson;home
I'm from a small town so, like, everyone's married with children or about to have children. So it's a little hard when you go home and people are like - and that's why people think I'm gay - because they're like 'Why aren't you married?' And I'm like, 'it doesn't happen for everyone right off the bat.';Kelly Clarkson;home
Stand-up is like a movie every night. You write it, direct it, produce it, the audience votes, and you go home. There's nothing more satisfying.;Elayne Boosler;home
I am not going to die, I'm going home like a shooting star.;Sojourner Truth;home
Sleep more at night. If it's allowed at work or home, take a nap in the afternoon. You'll be amazed at how much better you'll feel.;Ben Stein;home
Whatever feminists may say about their only advocating choices, everyone knows the truth: Feminism regards work outside the home as more elevating, honorable, and personally productive than full-time mothering and making a home.;Dennis Prager;home
I don't really know any other musicians like me. I grew up backstage with my dad who played in a post-war dance band, so I always feel at home at a venue.;Pete Townshend;home
Television is an invention that permits you to be entertained in your living room by people you wouldn't have in your home.;David Frost;home
Every day is a journey, and the journey itself is home.;Matsuo Basho;home
If you own a home with wheels on it and several cars without, you just might be a redneck.;Jeff Foxworthy;home
When I started the business, I hardly went home. I became very driven about work and about my career.;Calvin Klein;home
I define fear as standing across the ring from Joe Louis and knowing he wants to go home early.;Max Baer;home
Bring a wife home to your house when you are of the right age, not far short of 30 years, nor much above this is the right time for marriage.;Hesiod;home
I always wear the same thing at home. I can't be bothered with jewelry. My pants have elastic waists. I like to be comfortable. There are so many more important things to worry about.;Barbra Streisand;home
God the Father, the supreme Architect, had already built this cosmic home we behold, the most sacred temple of His godhead, by the laws of His mysterious wisdom.;Giovanni Pico della Mirandola;home
Most of the time I liked school and got good grades. In junior high, though, I hit a stumbling block with math - I used to come home and cry because of how frustrated I was! But after a few good teachers and a lot of perseverance, I ended up loving math and even choosing it as a major when I got to college.;Danica McKellar;home
I exercise at home - light cardio and yoga.;Danica McKellar;home
Because for whatever reason, even though I want to stay home all the time and be left alone, I want to tell the world who I am now.;Fiona Apple;home
I am a voyager - and the voyage cannot mean that I stay at home.;Emmanuelle Beart;home
I was hit by a car once on my bike, but I still rode home.;Amy Winehouse;home
Beer is not a good cocktail-party drink, especially in a home where you don't know where the bathroom is.;Billy Carter;home
Outside of being home with my family, I prefer a crowd.;Clive Owen;home
You can almost see voters nodding their heads at home: The public's faith in politicians and political institutions has been on a steep and dangerous decline for decades, because elected leaders fail to deliver.;Ron Fournier;home
Don't kid yourself. President Obama's decision to withdraw 33,000 troops from Afghanistan before he stands for reelection is not driven by the United States' 'position of strength' in the war zone as much as it is by grim economic and political realities at home.;Ron Fournier;home
White House operatives went to great lengths to show Obama shifting focus from wars abroad to domestic issues at home.;Ron Fournier;home
I'm most at home on the stage. I was carried onstage for the first time when I was six months old.;Alan Alda;home
You know, what we do know is that there is a high frequency of violence in the home of those who bully.;Phil McGraw;home
Art hurts. Art urges voyages - and it is easier to stay at home.;Gwendolyn Brooks;home
Social topics may hit too close to home for people, but then again, if you pull a heartstring, then that's what country music is. It's not just songs about getting drunk and leaving your girl.;Kenny Chesney;home
I have become a queer mixture of the East and the West, out of place everywhere, at home nowhere.;Jawaharlal Nehru;home
I think that the reason for my success is that I am really not aspirational. I am inspirational in that the people at home feel like they can really relate to me.;Rosie O'Donnell;home
I am not suggesting that all those missionary organizations working in Haiti should pack up and go home, but I am urging them to understand that Haiti does not need clever Americans with newly contrived schemes for saving their country.;Tony Campolo;home
Before I had kids I'd go out on the road for months and months at a time, but now I don't think I'd want to do that anymore, because I'd miss too much time at home, so it's just a matter of monitoring how much work that I do and how much time I'm on the road.;Harry Connick, Jr.;home
These days, you have the option of staying home, blogging in your underwear, and not having your words mangled. I think I like the direction things are headed.;Marc Andreessen;home
After hundreds of auditions and nothing, you're sitting home and wondering, 'What am I doing?';Demi Lovato;home
I have enough music coming out of my kids' bedrooms when I'm at home.;Rod Stewart;home
Abstention means you stayed at home or went to the beach. By casting a blank vote, you're saying you have a political conscience but you don't agree with any of the existing parties.;Jose Saramago;home
When I stop working, I go out and start working again. Most people paint a picture, or whatever they do, and go home. For me, it has to be continuous.;David Bailey;home
Like charity, I believe glamour should begin at home.;Loretta Young;home
And that's actually the brunt of what we do is, people going straight from their workplace, straight from home, straight into the classroom and working directly with the students. So then we're able to work with thousands and thousands more students.;Dave Eggers;home
Here at home, when Americans were standing in long lines to give blood after the attack on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, we squandered an obvious opportunity to make service a noble cause again, and rekindle an American spirit of community.;Joe Biden;home
I was kind of secretly hoping one of my kids would go out and make a million bucks. So when they put me in a home, at least I'll have a window with a view.;Joe Biden;home
I mean, I love L.A. - I love living here. But I wish that we could make things without the need to hit a home run every single time. It's a unique thing to Hollywood that if you don't do that every time, then you're considered a failure. But it's like, 'Well, are you making movies to be successful? Or are you making movies to learn something?';Kristen Stewart;home
