You have a dramatic portion of your television program and you treat it dramatically, and then you have a comedic portion of your program, and you treat it differently. Why do you change who are between the two pieces? You're the same person. Just go.;Nathan Fillion;change
There is danger in reckless change, but greater danger in blind conservatism.;Henry George;change
Bill Gates is a relative newcomer to the fight against global warming, but he's already shifting the debate over climate change.;Jeff Goodell;change
If left unchecked, global change will create violent conflict, torrential storms, shrinking coastlines, and irreversible catastrophe.;Valerie Jarrett;change
Among all the tests President Obama faced in his first term, his biggest failure was climate change.;Jeff Goodell;change
We have to raise the consciousness the only way poets can change the world is to raise the consciousness of the general populace.;Lawrence Ferlinghetti;change
Geoengineering - the deliberate, large-scale manipulation of the earth's climate to offset global warming - is a nightmare fix for climate change.;Jeff Goodell;change
Sometimes we look for those thunderous things to happen in our life for our lives to change or go in the other direction. We seek the miracle. We seek the parting of the seas, the moving of the mountains. But no, it's a quiet thing. At least for me it was.;Ben Vereen;change
"If you are interested enough in the climate crisis to read this post, you probably know that 2 degrees Centigrade of warming (or 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) is the widely acknowledged threshold for ""dangerous"" climate change.";Jeff Goodell;change
Climate change is a global issue - from the point of view of the Earth's climate, a molecule of CO2 emitted in Bejing is the same as a molecule emitted in Sydney.;Jeff Goodell;change
What's certain is that a totalitarian enclave like Cuba's can't continue to exist, so change will definitely come there, eventually.;Vaclav Havel;change
Every day I'm thinking about change.;Miuccia Prada;change
Ever since the collapse of cap and trade legislation and the realization that President Obama is unlikely to ever utter the words 'climate change' in public again, much less use the bully pulpit to prepare the nation for the catastrophic risks of inaction, the movement has been in a funk.;Jeff Goodell;change
I mean, I think we're put here on earth to make your own destiny, to begin with. I don't think there's anything you can do this way or that way to change anything.;Waylon Jennings;change
Maybe more climate activists will think about the climate change not as an international problem to be resolved in an air-conditioned meeting hall, but as a guerilla war to be fought in the streets.;Jeff Goodell;change
I don't think the Palestinian people or Afghan children or some other things I'm concerned about are at the top of other people's agendas - not right now, when America is going through such a recession and people are suffering across the board financially. But I think all that will change.;Patti Smith;change
One of the big questions in the climate change debate: Are humans any smarter than frogs in a pot? If you put a frog in a pot and slowly turn up the heat, it won't jump out. Instead, it will enjoy the nice warm bath until it is cooked to death. We humans seem to be doing pretty much the same thing.;Jeff Goodell;change
I've always looked the same. Since I was a child, I hated having to deal with my hair. I hated having to change my clothes. As a kid, I had a sailor shirt and the same old corduroy pants, and that's what I wanted to wear everyday.;Patti Smith;change
You may not be able to change a situation, but with humor you can change your attitude about it.;Allen Klein;change
When the fabric of society is so rigid that it cannot change quickly enough, adjustments are achieved by social unrest and revolutions.;John Boyd Orr;change
President Obama's version of America is a divided one - pitting us against each other based on our income level, gender, and social status. His policies have failed! We are not better off than we were 4 years ago, and no rhetoric, bumper sticker, or campaign ad can change that.;Mia Love;change
The experience of being in space didn't change my perspective of myself or of the planet or of life. I had no spiritual experience.;Sally Ride;change
Sureness is something like a neck brace, which we clamp around our lives, hoping to somehow protect ourselves from the frightening, constant whiplash of change. Sadly, the brace doesn't always hold.;Elizabeth Gilbert;change
As somebody who, in my second marriage, insisted on a prenuptial agreement, I can also testify that sometimes it is an act of love to chart the exit strategy before you enter the union, in order to make sure that not only you, but your partner as well, knows that there will be no World War III should hearts and minds, for any sad reason, change.;Elizabeth Gilbert;change
In politics there are some candidates who use change to promote their careers, and then there are those like John McCain who use their careers to promote change.;Sarah Palin;change
If you want to change the way your banking system is regulated, if you want to learn the mistakes of what's gone wrong, then you have to change your government.;George Osborne;change
Even before he came to power in 1997, Gordon Brown promised to change the accounts to parliament from simple litanies of cash in and cash out, to a more commercial system that took notice of the public property the departments were using. This system is known as resource accounting.;James Buchan;change
I know how bad Albany is. I know it better than most. I understand why people are angry. I'm angry. The question is going to be, how do you change Albany, what is the plan for change, and then how do you actually get it done?;Andrew Cuomo;change
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.;Carol Burnett;change
News reports don't change the world. Only facts change it, and those have already happened when we get the news.;Friedrich Durrenmatt;change
One of the things I like enormously about Bob Weinstein is that that he's the only studio head I have ever known who will change his mind and say he was wrong.;Dean Koontz;change
You know, for 300 years it's been kind of the same. There are restaurants in New Orleans that the menu hasn't changed in 125 years, so how is one going to change or evolve the food?;Emeril Lagasse;change
There are women who make things better, there are women who change things, there are women who make things happen, who make a difference. I want to be one of those women.;Vera Farmiga;change
The politicians always told us that the Cold War stand-off could only change by way of nuclear war. None of them believed that such systemic change was possible.;Lech Walesa;change
Geological change usually takes thousands of years to happen but we are seeing the climate changing not just in our lifetimes but also year by year.;James Lovelock;change
I don't think we're yet evolved to the point where we're clever enough to handle a complex a situation as climate change. The inertia of humans is so huge that you can't really do anything meaningful.;James Lovelock;change
The only thing I fear more than change is no change. The business of being static makes me nuts.;Twyla Tharp;change
The problem with being sure that God is on your side is that you can't change your mind, because God sure isn't going to change His.;Roger Ebert;change
I don't think anything changes until ideas change. The usual American viewpoint is to believe that something is wrong with the person.;James Hillman;change
If you actually want to change your world, there is a better way of doing it than blowing yourself up.;Salman Rushdie;change
You have to come in and be that character when you walk into the room. That's what one of my first acting teachers taught me. You know, don't go in there being Jennifer and then expect to flip and change, because they're not going to have that imagination.;Jennifer Lopez;change
When you first have a baby your life doesn't change. I mean, you have a little less sleep and you drag these cuddly things around you and it's just amazing. But you still get to be you. Once they get to, like, five, six and school and it starts to get, like, 'Wow, they got real problems. They're my responsibility.' Oh my God. That is overwhelming.;Gwen Stefani;change
I think if there's any difference between me and a traditional CEO, it's that I've been unwilling to change myself or shape my personality around what's expected.;Andrew Mason;change
I think your alcohol intake has to change. You know, usually a big person feels they can drink anything they want to and as much as they want to and I've cut that way back.;Mike Ditka;change
Just because you liked something as a youngster doesn't mean you have to like it as an adult. You can change your taste a little bit on the sweets and things like that.;Mike Ditka;change
I'm all about change, and I know things are going to move forward in life, and that's just how it goes.;Kid Rock;change
To be in a situation where you have no rights whatsoever is something I wish everybody could experience. People's attitudes would change. It would be a better place.;Tommy Chong;change
You know who is against democracy in the Middle East? The husbands. They got used to their way of life. Now, the traditional way of life must change. Everybody must change. If you don't give equal rights to women, you can't progress.;Shimon Peres;change
I always try to keep the circumstances in my life fresh. I like to change the physical environment I live in, change the people around me and try to experience things for the first time. I think that keeps one on their toes, creatively and spiritually.;Lenny Kravitz;change
Imagine if the pension funds and endowments that own much of the equity in our financial services companies demanded that those companies revisit the way mortgages were marketed to those without adequate skills to understand the products they were being sold. Management would have to change the way things were done.;Eliot Spitzer;change
One of the most important things that I did to turn my life around was to realize and to accept that from this minute, that's all we have. Everything that happened behind us we cannot change so you might as well look to the future.;Nick Carter;change
One-third of Americans have already been forced to change their lifestyle because their disposable income is gone. A guy can't go to the corner bar after a rough day at work to have a beer, that's gone to oil!;Terry McAuliffe;change
The reality of split government puts a premium on creativity within the administration. President Obama needs to put the right people in charge of the agencies and then have them push the bounds of administrative power to change policy through those agencies. President Obama has a pretty good track record of this.;Eliot Spitzer;change
I'm not going to change the world overnight. It's one person at a time, and hopefully they're people in positions of power who can help people get in those roles and really, truly embrace colorblind casting.;Gabrielle Union;change
Really, each era has its own false nostalgia. We all put a picket fence up around something. For my generation it was the '50s, and for other generations it will be something else. Change is scary for everyone, as is complexity, contradiction, and an uncertain future.;Gary Ross;change
I always get bored with my hair. That's why I would always change it throughout my career.;Janet Jackson;change
We may need to change the way we think. As in Israel, I think there should be a mandatory draft, where you go away for the service of your country for three years.;Steven Tyler;change
There was a great complexity to my father. He was a devoted family man. But, in the same breath, he simply was not suited to an anchored life. He should have been somebody who had a backpack, an old map, a bit of change in his pocket and that was it - roaming the world.;Christian Bale;change
The world will change for the better when people decide they are sick and tired of being sick and tired of the way the world is, and decide to change themselves.;Sydney Madwed;change
All we need, really, is a change from a near frigid to a tropical attitude of mind.;Marjory Stoneman Douglas;change
I moved to New York last year and I love it. It's a huge change and I've always wanted to spend time there. It's like a more intense London, and everything's up a few notches. The lights are brighter, the pace is faster and the food's better.;Rachel Weisz;change
Everything can change at any moment, suddenly and forever.;Paul Auster;change
I was advised by an American agent when I was about 19 to change my surname.;Rachel Weisz;change
When you have that window of opportunity called a crisis, move as quickly as you can, get as much done as you can. There's a momentum for change that's very compelling.;Anne M. Mulcahy;change
When you have a tough loss, go through it and agonize. I had one loss that I still want to change, but at the same time I realize it is an important part of who I am.;Andrew Shue;change
Turbulence is life force. It is opportunity. Let's love turbulence and use it for change.;Ramsey Clark;change
I thought, well, you might see curves there, but that's just a bone - so even if I lose weight that's not going to change anything. That's how I look. That's my shape. Do the math.;Christina Hendricks;change
Look at all the buses now that want exact change, exact change. I figure if I give them exact change, they should take me exactly where I want to go.;George C. Wallace;change
I'm a role model now. I didn't know I was gonna have 13-year-old fans, so I've tried to change a few things here and there. But I also know that the girls don't want me to be Miley Cyrus, either.;Nicki Minaj;change
As far as I was concerned, either I was a homosexual or I wasn't, so making films would change nothing.;Claude Chabrol;change
I am going to get political on you. Because I am the most shallow person in the world, my mission is to see men's formal wear change a little bit. It is too rigid! Everybody looks like a penguin!;Steven Cojocaru;change
When characters change on screen, it makes you feel better about yourself. You think, 'Oh I change too, I'm constantly becoming a better person.';Jason Reitman;change
If your life changes, we can change the world, too.;Yoko Ono;change
Aside from my work, in my everyday private life, I'm not a very adventureous person. I don't look for change.;Namie Amuro;change
I just think we're living in a time of massive, amazing change, like the Industrial Revolution on acid.;Kelly Lynch;change
We may think there is willpower involved, but more likely... change is due to want power. Wanting the new addiction more than the old one. Wanting the new me in preference to the person I am now.;George A. Sheehan;change
Too many people just eat to consume calories. Try dining for a change.;John Walters;change
You must change in order to survive.;Pearl Bailey;change
We are like a woman with a difficult pregnancy. We have to rebuild the social classes in Egypt, and we must change the way things were.;Naguib Mahfouz;change
On the political front, of course it's a zero-sum game. If it's all white males holding positions, you bring 10 women in, then it's, 'Women are coming!' Get 10 blacks and it's, 'Blacks are coming!' 'Hispanics are coming!' Zero-sum game. The seatmates might change but the chairs don't move. In the economy, the number of chairs can actually increase.;Jesse Jackson;change
When I'm bored or tired of being blonde, I'll throw on a wig. It's a lot less of a permanent way to change your look, and I have about 10 - all different colors, shapes, bobs, long hair, short, feathered.;Sara Blakely;change
I am artistic so I reserve the right to change my mind at any point. I just like to do different things. What is more important than the name is that people know that I really like acting, I enjoy it and I want people to know that I am serious.;LL Cool J;change
Is there any wonder why we are in such big trouble? Any question why the people don't trust their government anymore, and demand a change?;Chris Christie;change
I like the way my heart beats, I like the way I think I don't need or want anything to change that.;Jordin Sparks;change
Fall is my favorite season in Los Angeles, watching the birds change color and fall from the trees.;David Letterman;change
Since 'Idol' I've gotten used to having an amazing hair and make-up team around me, so I'm starting to get picky. I know what I like now and I'm happy to say 'Could we maybe change that?' if I don't like something. I don't yell or anything, but I think I could definitely start to act a little diva-ish when it comes to my look.;Jordin Sparks;change
I think I can change the game.;Venus Williams;change
As far as friendships go, things change even without the fame. People start moving on. I have a few friends that are married and are starting to have kids and I'm like, 'Oh my goodness gracious - that's so insane.' I also have friends who are just doing their own thing, which is cool.;Jordin Sparks;change
If I have to change my lifestyle, I don't want to live.;Robert Mapplethorpe;change
Well... I had braces and I had to wear headgear! I loved my braces, actually. For me, they were like a piece of jewelry! Instead of the silver or pewter I had gold braces. It was so much fun, I loved them. I got to change the colors and stuff and I had the rubber bands.;Jordin Sparks;change
I wouldn't change one thing about my professional life, and I make it a point not to dwell on my mistakes.;Ethel Merman;change
Christians should be ready for a change because Jesus was the greatest changer in history.;Ralph Abernathy;change
I'm definitely open to change, but at the same time I am quite stubborn.;Andy Murray;change
One of the things I've always personally tried to stress with this band was to have some kind of visual aspect and to be consistent with it - like, not to change.;Peter Steele;change
No foreigner has a place asking another people, another country, to change their constitution.;Hamid Karzai;change
The only way to change is to vote. People are responsible.;Paul Wellstone;change
You want to balance the budget in this country? We change the salary structure for Congress and the President. Every year they don't balance the budget, we don't pay them.;Daniel Keys Moran;change
Change brings opportunities. On the other hand, change can be confusing.;Michael Porter;change
Finishing food is about the tiny touches. In the last seconds you can change everything.;Mario Batali;change
